<doc id="19800704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19800704" title="Banke Bihari Temple">
Banke Bihari Temple

Banke Bihari Mandir is a Hindu temple dedicated to Lord Krishna, in the holy city of Vrindavan in the Mathura district. Banke Bihari was originally worshiped at Nidhivana. Banke means “bent in three places” and bihari means “supreme enjoyer.” The image of Lord Krishna stands in the Tribhanga posture. Haridas Swami originally worshipped this devotional image under the name of Kunj-bihari ("Enjoyer of Lakes").
'Bānke' means 'bent', and 'Bihāri' or 'Vihāri' means 'enjoyer'. This is how Kṛṣṇa, who is bent in three places, got the name "Bānke Bihāri". According to Śrī Brahmasaḿhitā (verse 5.31), Brahma says the following about Kṛṣṇa:
"I worship Govinda, the primeval Lord, round whose neck is swinging a garland of flowers beautified with the moon-locket, whose two hands are adorned with the flute and jeweled ornaments, who always revels in pastimes of love, whose graceful threefold-bending form of Śyāmasundara is eternally manifest." 
History.
This Banke Bihari Temple was established by Swami Haridas, a guru of the famous singer Tansen (Lalita Sakhi in Dvapara Yuga). Once, during the Mughal conquest, a Hindu priest had a murti of Lord Krishna. Fearing that the image could get into the hands of the Mughals and be destroyed, he buried it. After some days, Swami Haridas, a great devotee of Lord Krishna, was passing by through the area where the image of Lord Krishna was buried. Becoming tired, he decided to rest there and soon fell asleep. In a dream, he saw Lord Krishna telling him that his image was buried near where he was sleeping and asked him to start digging. Upon waking, Swami Haridas dug the ground in the area Lord Krishna had indicated and found the image. He then enshrined the image in what is now the Banke Bihari Temple.
Apart from the image treasured at the Banke Bihari Temple, the idol's body is half-male and half-female, i.e. the Right side is Krishna and the Left side is Radha.
It is believed that Swami Shree Hari Das, by praising and singing hymns in the form of ragas called Bhajans, asked God to be united and be present in the form of Banke Bihari in this Yuga in Nidhivan in Vrindavan. This is evident from the saying ""Kunj Bihari Shree Hari Dass Vitthal Vipul Biharan Dass Mohe mile Nidhivan Vaas"".
History of Bankey Bihari Ji
The image of Bihariji installed in the Shri Banke Bihari Mandir, is the one granted to Swami Haridas by the celestial couple Shyama-Shyam themselves. Submitting to the desire of devotees The Lord appeared in person with his divine consort and left back a black charming image before disappearing.
Swami Haridas was born to Shri Ashudhir and his wife Smt. Gangadevi on the day of Radha Ashtami i.e. eighth day of second (bright) fortnight of Bhadrapad month of the year 1535 Vikrami(1478 A.D.). He was born in a small village, now known as Haridaspur, near Aligarh in Uttar Pradesh. The linage of the family can be traced back to Shri Gargacharya. Shri Gargachrya was the Kulaguru (family guru) of Yadavas and visited Brij secretly for conducting the Namakarana Samskara (naming ceremony) of young Krishna and Balarama on request of Sri Vasudeva. A branch of the family migrated to Multan (now in Pakistan), but some of them returned after a long time. Sri Ashudhir was one such migrant who after returning from Multan settled at the outskirts of Brij, near Aligarh.
Swami Haridas was the reincarnation of Lalita ‘sakhi’ (female friend), of the inner consortium of Lord Krishna. This easily explains the fact that even in his childhood, he was more into meditation and scriptures, while other children of his age were busy playing. He was married at the suitable age according to the time to Harimati. Even after his marriage, young Haridas stayed away from worldly pleasures and concentrated on meditation. Harimatiji was such a saintly soul herself that on realizing the inclination of her husband, she prayed intensely and was bodily transported to the heavenly abode of Lord by entering the flame of a small lamp in the presence of Haridas. No physical remains were left behind.
Soon after that Haridas left his village for Vrindavan, which was a dense forest at that time and chose a secluded spot, which is now known as Nidhivan, to practice his music and to enjoy eternal bliss of meditation. He constantly and continuously meditated on Nitya Ras and Nitya Bihar of Lord at Nitya Vrindavan. His way of Sadhna was to compose and sing songs in the praise of Lord. While on earth, living in a mortal state, he facilitated his regular unobstructed entry in the Nitya Bihar and always enjoyed the pleasure of closeness of Lord. He chose a secluded and densely forested area, Kunj, in Nidhivan as his gateway to the nirvana and was mostly sitting there, singing, meditating and surfing in the ocean of eternal bliss.
His disciples were curious about this place and one day with permission of Swamiji, they all entered the kunj. But instead of seeing anything they were almost blinded by bright, intense light, which seemed to fill the whole place. On knowing of their plight Swamiji himself went there, and then after his requests, the lord appeared in person with his divine consort, pleasantly smiling and in a playful mood and casting a spell of charm on every living being present there. Those who witnessed this, were so spell bounded by the beauty of the Lord and his consort, that they couldn't even blink their eyes; it seemed that all of them had turned into stone statues.
The legend as handed down to the generations of Goswamis, says that the beauty of the divine couple was such that no one wanted to lose the sight and proximity of divinity, but then what kind of divinity is it, which cannot make a mere mortal swoon and charmed enough to forget and give up the world and its luxuries? The beauty of the divine couple was so much that lesser mortals, like you and me, won’t be able to bear such a heavenly beauty. Sensing this Swami Haridasji requested both of them to take a single form, as the world won’t be able to bear their image. He requested them to take a single form like Ghan (cloud) and Damini (lightning), thus giving a perfect metaphor to the combined beauty of dark Lord and his fair consort, Radhaji.
Also he wanted his beloved lord to be in front of his eyes always. Granting him his both wishes, the couple turned itself into one single black charming idol, the same one that you see in the temple today. The charm and beauty of Shri Banke Bihariji is the only reason why the ‘darshan’ in the temple is never continuous but is broken by thel curtain drawn on him regularly. It is also said that if one stares long enough into the eyes of Shri Banke Bihariji, the person would lose his self-consciousness.
Thus came into existence the physical form of Lord Banke Bihari, popularly know as Bihariji. The responsibility of Sewa of Bihariji was handed over to Goswami Jagannath by Swamiji himself. Goswami Jagannath was one of the principal disciple and younger brother of Swamiji. By tradition, the Sewa is performed by descendents of Jagannath Goswami till day.
Initially, the deity was installed in a temple close to the first appearance in Nidhivan. A new temple befitting the glory of Bihariji was constructed in 1862 AD. Goswamis themselves mobilized resources for the construction. The temple is an architectural beauty in itself and follows the contemporary Rajasthani style.
The sewa of the Bihariji is unique in its own way. It is performed in three parts every day i.e. Shringar, Rajbhog and Shayan. While shringar (which includes bath, dressing and adornment with jewellery like crown and necklaces) and Rajbhog(feast) is offered in the forenoon, Shayan Sewa (shayan means sleep) is offered in the evening. The temple doesn’t have a tradition of Mangala (early morning) sewa. Swami Haridas did not favour Mangla Sewa as he wanted his child like Lord to take complete rest and did not want to disturb him out of deep slumber so early in the morning.
So, the temple today stands with its full glory, inside which the Lord himself resides. It is thronged by thousands of visitors everyday.
Rituals.
During Jhulan Yatra, the swing festival of Lord Krishna, there are a number of silver-plated and some solid silver ornamented swings, which are shown at this time. The main day of Jhulan Yatra is the third day of the waxing moon, at which time Banke Bihari is placed on a golden swing (hindola).
The curtain before the Deities is not left open like at other temples. Every few minutes, the curtain is pulled shut and then opened again. It is said that the brilliant eyes of Banke Bihari will make one unconscious if seen for too long a stretch. It is the only temple where loud temple bells are not used to wake Krishna in the morning. It is believed improper to wake a child with a start. He is woken gently. There are thus no bells even for Aarti, as it might disturb Him.
The Deities do not get up until 9 am, because it is believed that Banke Bihari has been up until late at night sporting. Mangala-arati is only one day a year in this temple, on Janmasthami. Only one day a year can the lotus feet of the Deity be seen, on Akshaya Tritiya (Chandan Darshan or Dolotsav), on the third day of the bright half of the month of Vaishaka (April–May). The autumn full moon day is the only day that the Deity holds a flute, and also on this day He wears a special mukut (crown). Banke Bihari comes off his altar and can be seen in full view on the last five days of the month of Phalguna, during the Holi festival. He can be seen with four gopis, who are seen just at this time.
References.
All the affairs of the Temple are under the supervision of Shi Thakur Banke Bihari Ji Management Committee &
Court of Civil Judge JD Mathura 
Official website is www.shribankebihariji.com

</doc>
<doc id="19800725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19800725" title="Liu Peng">
Liu Peng

Liu Peng (劉怦) (727 – November 4, 785), formally Duke Gong of Pengcheng (彭城恭公), was a general of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, who served as military governor ("Jiedushi") of Lulong Circuit (盧龍, headquartered in modern Beijing) briefly in 785 following the death of his cousin, the warlord Zhu Tao.
Background.
Liu Peng was born in 727, during the reign of Emperor Xuanzong. His family was from You Prefecture (幽州, in modern Beijing). According to the Gravestone Epitaph of his son Liu Ji, he was a 20th generation descendant of Liu Bei. His father Liu Gong (劉貢) at one point served as a commander of Dadou Army (大斗軍). In Liu Peng's youth, he served as an officer at Fanyang Circuit (范陽, headquartered in modern Beijing, later renamed Lulong Circuit), but left military service to care for his aging parents. When Li Huaixian served as the military governor of Lulong Circuit, he tried to recall Liu back to military service, but Liu declined.
Service under Zhu Tao.
In 772, after Li Huaixian's successor Zhu Xicai was assassinated, Liu Peng's cousin Zhu Ci (a son of Liu's mother's brother) became military governor. Contrary to the prior independent stand that Li and Zhu Xicai took as to the imperial government, Zhu Ci was more reconciliatory and submissive to the imperial government, and in 774, he went to the Tang capital Chang'an and thereafter served as an imperial general around the capital, leaving his brother (also Liu's cousin) Zhu Tao in actual control of the circuit. Liu served under Zhu Tao, and through his accomplishments was made the commander of the Xiongwu Army (雄武軍, based on modern Chengde, Hebei). Later, he was made the prefect of Zhuo Prefecture (涿州, in modern Baoding, Hebei).
In 775, Zhu Tao, per mandate of Emperor Daizong, attacked Tian Chengsi the military governor of Weibo Circuit (魏博, headquartered in modern Handan, Hebei), along with Li Baochen the military governor of Chengde Circuit (成德, headquartered in modern Shijiazhuang, Hebei). Because Liu was loved by the army, Zhu put him in command of headquarters before launching his campaign. Tian, however, persuaded Li Baochen to turn against Zhu, and late in 775, Li Baochen launched a surprise attack on Zhu's army and then attacked north, hoping to capture Lulong's headquarters. However, with Li Baochen realizing that Liu had taken precautions, he stopped his attack.
After Li Baochen died in 781, Li Baochen's son Li Weiyue requested imperial sanction to succeed him, but Emperor Daizong's son and successor Emperor Dezong refused, and subsequently, Li Weiyue, along with his allies Tian Yue (Tian Chengsi's nephew, who had succeeded Tian Chengsi in 779), Li Na, and Liang Chongyi, prepared to wage war against the imperial government, and the imperial government responded in kind. Emperor Dezong commissioned Zhu to attack Li Weiyue from the north, and Zhu did so; his victories eventually caused Li Weiyue's subordinate Wang Wujun to assassinate Li Weiyue and surrender.
After the victory at Chengde, however, Emperor Dezong made a series of moves that simultaneously alienated Zhu and Wang. He refused to give Chengde's Shen Prefecture (深州, in modern Hengshui, Hebei) to Lulong, as Zhu had requested. Rather, he divided the seven prefectures of Chengde into three smaller circuits, making Zhang Xiaozhong, the first major Chengde officer to submit to Zhu and join Zhu's operations against Li Weiyue, the military governor of a newly created Yidingcang Circuit (易定滄, headquartered in modern Baoding, soon renamed to Yiwu (義武)), consisting of three prefectures, while giving two prefectures each to Wang and Kang Rizhi (康日知, another Chengde general who had submitted to imperial authority during the campaign), with the lesser titles of military prefect (團練使, "Tuanlianshi"). Emperor Dezong, on paper, gave Lulong two additional prefectures — De (德州, in modern Dezhou, Shandong) and Di (棣州, in modern Binzhou, Shandong) — both still then held by Li Na. Zhu was angered by Emperor Dezong's refusal to give him any part of Chengde territory (in particular, Shen Prefecture) and requiring him to capture two additional prefectures on his own, while Wang was angered that contrary to Emperor Dezong's implicit promises to give whomever killed Li Weiyue Li Weiyue's offices, he not only received a lesser title, but was in a position where he could easily be destroyed. Tian, who was then still under imperial attack, thus persuaded Zhu and Wang to join him in an alliance to defend against imperial forces. When Liu heard that Zhu was planning to turn against imperial forces, he wrote an earnest letter to Zhu trying to change his mind:
Zhu did not accept his suggestion, but it was said that because he knew that Liu was faithful to him, he did not fear that Liu would turn against him. Subsequently, as he was turning against the imperial government but Zhang refused to join his alliance with Wang and Tian, he had Liu take up position to defend a potential attack by Zhang.
By 784, Zhu's campaign had ended in utter failure after Wang and Tian Yue's cousin and successor Tian Xu turned against him and defeated him along with the imperial general Li Baozhen. Zhu was forced to withdraw with his remaining troops back to Lulong. As he was arriving back in Lulong, he was filled with shames of defeat and feared that Liu might turn against him in light of his defeat. As he was arriving at the headquarters at You Prefecture, however, Liu mobilized the remaining troops and exited the city to welcome him in grand ceremony. Zhu was touched in both sadness and joy when seeing Liu, and the popular opinion at the time credited Liu for his faithfulness.
Zhu died in summer 785, and the soldiers supported Liu to succeed him. Emperor Dezong made Liu the military governor and also created him the Duke of Pengcheng.
As "Jiedushi".
Liu Peng himself, however, soon fell ill, and Emperor Dezong had his son Liu Ji serve as acting military governor in Liu Peng's illness. Liu Peng only served for three months before he himself died, in fall 785. He was given posthumous honors, and Emperor Dezong made Liu Ji military governor to succeed him.

</doc>
<doc id="19800728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19800728" title="Baczyn, Sucha County">
Baczyn, Sucha County

Baczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Budzów, within Sucha County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Sucha Beskidzka and south-west of the regional capital Kraków.
The village has a population of 840.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19800730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19800730" title="Bieńkówka, Lesser Poland Voivodeship">
Bieńkówka, Lesser Poland Voivodeship

Bieńkówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Budzów, within Sucha County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately east of Sucha Beskidzka and south of the regional capital Kraków.
The village has a population of 2,300.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19800731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19800731" title="Budzów, Lesser Poland Voivodeship">
Budzów, Lesser Poland Voivodeship

Budzów is a village in Sucha County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Budzów. It lies approximately north-east of Sucha Beskidzka and south-west of the regional capital Kraków. 
The village has a population of 2,400.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19800732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19800732" title="Jachówka">
Jachówka

Jachówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Budzów, within Sucha County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Budzów, east of Sucha Beskidzka, and south-west of the regional capital Kraków.
The village has a population of 1,000.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19800733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19800733" title="Palcza">
Palcza

Palcza is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Budzów, within Sucha County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Sucha Beskidzka and south-west of the regional capital Kraków.
The village has a population of 1,100.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19800735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19800735" title="Zachełmna">
Zachełmna

Zachełmna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Budzów, within Sucha County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Sucha Beskidzka and south-west of the regional capital Kraków.
The village has an approximate population of 530.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19800736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19800736" title="Pokémon Tales">
Pokémon Tales

Books published in English include:
Both Shogakukan and Viz published Pokémon Gold and Silver Tales storybooks. Books published in English include:

</doc>
<doc id="19800738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19800738" title="Bystra, Sucha County">
Bystra, Sucha County

Bystra is a village in Sucha County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Bystra-Sidzina. It lies approximately south-east of Sucha Beskidzka and south of the regional capital Kraków.
The village has a population of 2,900.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19800739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19800739" title="Elections in Friuli-Venezia Giulia">
Elections in Friuli-Venezia Giulia

This page gathers the results of elections in politics of Friuli-Venezia Giulia.
Regional elections.
Last regional election.
In the last regional election, which took place on 21–22 April 2013, Debora Serracchiani of the Democratic Party narrowly defeated incumbent President Renzo Tondo of The People of Freedom. Serracchiani was the second woman to hold the office after Alessandra Guerra in 1994–1995.
Italian general elections in Friuli-Venezia Giulia.
Last general election.
The Italian general election of 2008 took place on 13 -14 April 2008. The election was won in Friuli-Venezia Giulia by the centre-right coalition between The People of Freedom and Lega Nord, as it happened at the national level. The People of Freedom was the largest party in the election with 34.7%, ahead of the Democratic Party (31.4%) and Lega Nord (13.0%).
European Parliament elections in Friuli-Venezia Giulia.
Last European Parliament election.
The European Parliament election of 2009 took place on 6 -7 June 2009.
The People of Freedom was largest party in Friuli-Venezia Giulia with 31.8%, followed by the Democratic Party (25.6%) and Lega Nord (17.5%).

</doc>
<doc id="19800751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19800751" title="Skawica, Lesser Poland Voivodeship">
Skawica, Lesser Poland Voivodeship

Skawica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawoja, within Sucha County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia. It lies approximately east of Zawoja, south of Sucha Beskidzka, and south-west of the regional capital Kraków.
The village has a population of 2,600.

</doc>
<doc id="19800756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19800756" title="Friuli-Venezia Giulia regional election, 2008">
Friuli-Venezia Giulia regional election, 2008

The Friuli-Venezia Giulia regional election of 2008 took place on 13–14 April 2008.
Former President Renzo Tondo (Forza Italia, The People of Freedom) defeated incumbent Riccardo Illy (an independent of the Democratic Party).
Results.
<onlyinclude>
Source: Friuli-Venezia Giulia Region
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19800757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19800757" title="Marcówka">
Marcówka

Marcówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zembrzyce, within Sucha County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Zembrzyce, north-east of Sucha Beskidzka, and south-west of the regional capital Kraków.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19800758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19800758" title="Śleszowice">
Śleszowice

Śleszowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zembrzyce, within Sucha County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately west of Zembrzyce, north-west of Sucha Beskidzka, and south-west of the regional capital Kraków.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19800759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19800759" title="Tarnawa Dolna, Lesser Poland Voivodeship">
Tarnawa Dolna, Lesser Poland Voivodeship

Tarnawa Dolna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zembrzyce, within Sucha County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately west of Zembrzyce, north of Sucha Beskidzka, and south-west of the regional capital Kraków.
The village has a population of 1,500.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19800763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19800763" title="Tarnawa Górna, Lesser Poland Voivodeship">
Tarnawa Górna, Lesser Poland Voivodeship

Tarnawa Górna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zembrzyce, within Sucha County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately west of Zembrzyce, north-west of Sucha Beskidzka, and south-west of the regional capital Kraków.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19800764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19800764" title="Zembrzyce">
Zembrzyce

Zembrzyce is a village in Sucha County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Zembrzyce. It lies approximately north of Sucha Beskidzka and south-west of the regional capital Kraków.
The village has a population of 2,900.
History.
Village Zembrzyce is the oldest village of Sucha Beskidzka district. The oldest document confirming its existence as Zubrzic comes from 1333. Probably however the village was established even earlier – perhaps in the second half of the 13th century. The area of Zembrzyce was a border between Silesia and Lesser Poland in Medieval Times. At the time Zembrzyce belonged to the Duchy of Oświęcim. These were the dukes of Oświęcim that established the village and built a fortified castle on a hill nearby the Skawa river. Nowadays, there aren’t any ruins of the castle just the remains of the moat and the place is called Zamczysko. Still, the spot is considered mysterious and fascinating to the locals. 
Throughout centuries Zembrzyce were private property of nobility. The owners then changed the name of the village as to sound similar to their surname- Zubrzyccy. In the 16th century the final name Zembrzyce was established and it remains until today. Thanks to the owners’ efforts, in 1533 Zembrzyce became a separate parish. From the 16th century there were numerous changes of the village owners. 
From the 20th century Zembrzyce became specialized in the tanning industry.
There exists a belief that inhabitants of Zembrzyce have got Tatar ancestry; however this concept is not approved neither by any specific historical documents or facts, nor by ethnical and genetical traits of the inhabitants and the presence of medieval castle in the village in the past.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19800777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19800777" title="Michelangelo Sapiano">
Michelangelo Sapiano

Michelangelo Sapiano (March 19, 1826 – December 2, 1912) was a Maltese clock maker and inventor born in Mqabba, Malta. 
Early life.
Michelangelo Sapiano was born in Mqabba in 1826. When he was 14 years of age he opened a watch repair shop and at such a young age he managed to repair the clock found in the Parish Church of Mqabba when other clock makers couldn’t do so. This paved the way for him to become famous and gave him the courage to start making clocks. He went to live in Luqa when he was 21 years of age after he married a girl from the town.
Achievements.
Sapiano is most famous for large clocks which were made for churches, convents and sacristies in various towns and villages in Malta and Gozo and also for a large clock he made for the Church of Saint Catherine of Alexandria in Egypt. 
His masterpiece is a grandfather clock which till a few years ago could be found in No.11, Pawlu Magri Street, Luqa, the house (which still exists) where Michelangelo Sapiano used to live after he married. The clock can now be found in the Mdina Cathedral Museum. For this clock he was awarded a silver medal in an Industrial Exhibition which was held in 1864. Apart from showing the time, days and date this clock also shows the phases of the moon and the time at which the sun rises and goes down. This clock also has a mechanism which marks when a year is a leap year. 
Sapiano made other interesting inventions. He invented an alarm clock, which at the time of ringing, produced a spark and lighted a candle to show the time. Another clock he invented had a moving globe with the world map, and every half an hour it showed the position of the world in relation to the sun. He made other precision instruments, including a balance for the Malta Customs, to take weights from 700 lbs down to a fraction of an ounce. For his wife he made a mechanical egg timer with a bell, and to know the time at night he devised a mantel clock to which a long string was attached which would chime the most recent time when pulled in the darkness.
Sapiano was awarded a certificate and a gold medal by the Society of Arts, Manufacture and Commerce on the 26 February 1908. He died on the 2 December 1912.

</doc>
<doc id="19800782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19800782" title="Yianna Katsoulos">
Yianna Katsoulos

Yianna Katsoulos (born September 16, 1960 in Florida) is a 1980s pop singer (with Greek parents) and who had her singing career in France. Her works were recorded in French-language. She remains famous for her 1986 single "Les autres sont jaloux", which was a top thirty hit in France ; however, her next five singles did not achieve the same success. Katsoulos was also occasional host TV on FR3.
In 2011, she released a new single, "Fais-moi l'amour comme un français".

</doc>
<doc id="19800807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19800807" title="Knut Frostad">
Knut Frostad

Knut Mauritz Frostad (born 4 June 1967 in Harstad) is a Norwegian yachtsman who has participated in a broad range of world championship level sailing events including the Volvo Ocean Race and the Olympic Games, the latter in windsurfing. He is currently CEO of the Volvo Ocean Race. In total, he has twice participated in the Olympic Games (1988 and 1992) and four times the Volvo Ocean Race. Twice as skipper.
In 2004 he won the Scandinavian Nokia Oops Cup and in 2005 he finished second.
He has a business background in management, director and advisor positions with international companies. As well he is a recognised motivational speaker. And used the race catamaran "Academy" for company teambuilding and leadershiptraining.
Volvo Ocean Race.
His first participation in 1993-94 VOR was in the Swedish "Intrum Justitia" which finished second.
In the 1997-98 VOR he was skipper and project founder/director at the Norwegian "Innovation Kværner" and in the 2001-02 VOR in the Norwegian "Djuice".
In the 2005-06 VOR he was watchplancaptain on southern ocean legs in the Brazilian "Brasil 1".
He was the chief executive for the 2008-09 and the 2011-2012 Volvo Ocean Race, and has returned as the CEO for the 2014-2015 race.
For the 2014-2015 race he has lead the transformation of the race from an open class rule to a strict one-design class boat race. 

</doc>
<doc id="19800808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19800808" title="Jean-Paul Roy">
Jean-Paul Roy

Jean-Paul Roy (born on August 14, 1964 in Civray, Cher) has been the bassist of French rock group Noir Désir since 1996. 
Before joining the band, he accompanied Noir Désir on tour as a guitar technician. When the bassist, Frédéric Vidalenc, left the group in 1996 to pursue other musical interests, Jean-Paul Roy was naturally chosen as his successor as he was a friend of the group, was able to play both guitar and bass guitar, and knew how to play Noir Désir's songs. 
He has played a few songs with Alain Bashung and participated as a bassist on one of the songs of the artist Romain Humeau (who had also written arrangements for the Noir Desir song "Des Visages, Des Figures").
In 2006, he participated in the creation of the soundtrack of the film "Enfermés dehors" (by Albert Dupontel), accompanied by Noir Desir's drummer, Denis Barthe, under the name "Les Hyènes".
Jean-Paul Roy is one of the organisers of the music festival : Les Rendez-vous de Terres Neuves.

</doc>
<doc id="19800818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19800818" title="Seksdagesløbet">
Seksdagesløbet

Seksdagesløbet is a 1958 Danish drama film directed by Jørgen Roos and starring Poul Reichhardt.

</doc>
<doc id="19800853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19800853" title="Briskeby Line">
Briskeby Line

The Briskeby Line () is a section of the Oslo Tramway which runs between Jernbanetorget, through the neighborhoods of Briskeby and Uranienborg, before arriving at Majorstuen. The section is served by line 19 (Majorstuen-Briskeby-Nationaltheateret-Jernbanetorget-Ljabru).
In passenger numbers, the Briskeby Line is the smallest line of the entire tram network, with 1,500 daily embarkations along the Briskeby stretch according to a 2004 report.
History.
The line was opened by Kristiania Elektriske Sporvei ("Blåtrikken" or the "Blue Tram"). This was the first electric tram line in Scandinavia. The first speeding ticket ever issued in Norway was given to a tram driver on this line the same year, who had exceeded the speed limit of 18 km/h.
In 1910, when the different tram lines received numbers, the Briskeby line was assigned number 1.
The Briskeby Line was among the lines Oslo Sporveier proposed eliminating and replacing with a bus service in 2002 to save money. The prospect of losing the tram sparked a petition to keep the tram. An extra funding of NOK 25 million from the city saved the line.
Conditions and future proposals.
The tracks of the Briskeby line were in 2006 reported to be in critically bad condition, due to inadequate maintenance and funding. This called the continued existence of the line into question.
One option under serious consideration is moving the last section of the line a few blocks west, from the current Inkognitogaten to Skovveien. Cited advantages of such a move is the possibility of connecting the Briskeby Line to the Vika Line, increased speed, and a shorter walking distance for more passengers. The current track in Inkognitogaten also features the tightest curve (16,7 m radius) of the whole tram network, which prevent the use of the larger SL95 trams and limit the future purchase of new tram vehicles.
Moving the line into Skovveien has drawn opposition from some residents and businesses. Opponents of the move cite increased noise, and the removal of parking space if the road is to accommodate tram tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="19800859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19800859" title="Electrical Skeletal">
Electrical Skeletal

Electrical Skeletal is a 2007 comedy/horror/musical short film directed by Brian Lonano. The film stars Don Singalewitch, Vincent K. Guagenti and the music of the Casket Architects.
Plot.
After a foreboding introduction by a wily old gravedigger, a slightly overweight, drunken punker named Gristle stumbles into a spooky cemetery and proceeds to defile all the graves. His fun is interrupted by a UFO that shoots a beam into the ground and awakens an alien skeleton monster.
Critical reception.
"Electrical Skeletal" won the Best Comedic Horror award at the 2008 Chicago Horror Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19800885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19800885" title="Tre må man være">
Tre må man være

Tre må man være is a 1959 Danish family film directed by Sven Methling and starring Poul Reichhardt.

</doc>
<doc id="19800908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19800908" title="Goh Swee Swee">
Goh Swee Swee

Goh Swee Swee (; born 2 June 1986) is a Singaporean footballer who plays for Woodlands Wellington FC in the S-League.
Club career.
Goh started his S-league career with Gombak United but only played 1 game for the Bulls before joining Home United in 2007. At that time, the Protectors offered him a S.League contract while he was still on a Prime League contract with Gombak. He immediately repaid the favour to the Protectors by scoring a 90th minute winner against Liaoning Guangyuan in his debut on 16 March 2007.
However, Goh found it hard to start upfront with Home United having the likes of Peres de Oliveira, Indra Sahdan and Ludovick Takam in their ranks. As a result, he was often deployed as a rightback or right midfielder. 
Goh was then transferred to the Courts Young Lions in 2008 and he played mostly as a midfielder for the Young Lions in the S.League.
Following his stint with the Young Lions, Goh had a brief spell at Balestier Khalsa in 2010 before switching over to his current club, Woodlands Wellington with fellow tiger, midfielder Han Yiguang in the 2011 pre-season. Goh is the second top scorer for Woodlands for the past 2 seasons, netting 5 goals after 31 appearances in 2011 and 4 goals in 23 appearances in 2012.
Goh achieved a personal milestone when he led Woodlands Wellington out during their match against Home United at Bishan Stadium as the team captain in the first time in his career on 5 March 2013.
Club career statistics.
Goh Swee Swee's Profile
International career.
Goh was called up to the national team on a couple of occasions but he has yet to appear for the Lions in an international match. 

</doc>
<doc id="19800913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19800913" title="Hobs Reprographics">
Hobs Reprographics

Hobs Reprographics established in Liverpool in 1969 is a printing and reprographic company. It provides professional printing and scanning services, aimed at but not exclusive to the architecture, engineering and construction market. 
By 2008 Hobs had 29 branches across the country with over 300 employees. Hobs employs drivers to deliver printed files, whilst also establishing Hobs onsite, which offers quick services to construction project sites. This was notably the case with the construction of the new Wembley Stadium.
Hobs carries the Queen's royal warrant, for services provided to the royal family and country which was awarded in 2003.
The Forming of Hobs.
Hobs was founded in Liverpool in 1969 when Kieran O'Brien perceived a gap in the market for a local drawing office that also offered a collection and delivery service and somewhere for clients and students to discuss their printing needs and get advice on the best way to produce their work. Kieran presented his ideas and business plan to JD Hackett, an Irish Reprographics company established in Dublin in 1954 and immediately secured their backing and investment. The two joined forces to establish Hobs which stands for Hackett and O'Brien.
In 1982 Hobs Manchester opened on Kennedy Street comprising a branch manager, two printers and a delivery girl. In 1983, Hobs bought-out CT Reprographics Ltd on Deansgate and moved its operations from Kennedy Street to CT Reprographics existing building. The staff doubled in size overnight. Hobs dropped its name in favour of the already well established CT Reprographics Ltd brand. The same year CT Reprographics was the first company in the UK to purchase the advanced Xerox 2080 printer which became a welcomed addition to the two dyeline printing machines. Because of the size of the Xerox 2080, Kieran O'Brien had to seek new premises on Deansgate to house this machine. In 1987, bigger premises became available on Deansgate, so CT Reprographics and the Xerox 2080 were both co-located in the new building, and the CT Reprographics brand reverted to Hobs Manchester. Today in 2010 it offers a complete range of printing solutions.
Media Attention.
In 2006 the Liverpool Echo newspaper wrote an article on Hobs, interviewing the owner Kieran O Brien. The article claimed that Hobs turnovers £600,000 p/w
Despite having 8 offices in the London Hobs was originally founded in Liverpool where the company still maintains its headquarters.
The Liverpool Echo reported that hobs were famous in the 1960s for their fleet of ""Hobs girls"" or the ""Mini Girls"". The Mini Girls were the team of couriers employed by Hobs, so called because of the cars they drove, or as some would suggest because of the mini skirts they wore, popular in the 60s. An all girl drivers fleet was seen as quite revolutionary for the time and Hobs were considered to be an early support of equality in the workforce.

</doc>
<doc id="19800914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19800914" title="Walter Martin">
Walter Martin

Walter Martin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19800916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19800916" title="Helle for Helene">
Helle for Helene

Helle for Helene is a 1959 Danish family film directed by Gabriel Axel and starring Birgitte Bruun.

</doc>
<doc id="19800958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19800958" title="The Enterprise Center Tower 1">
The Enterprise Center Tower 1

The Enterprise Center Tower 1 is an office skyscraper located in Makati City, Philippines. It is owned and developed by KSA Realty Corporation, a joint venture between the Kuok Group (majority shareholder), ING, and A. Soriano Corporation (ANSCOR). It stands at 171.9 metres (564 feet), it is currently the 20th tallest building in the Philippines. The building is the taller of two buildings comprising The Enterprise Center.
Design.
All technical specifications have been drawn to meet the business requirements of the corporate world in the new century.
Hong Kong - based Wong & Tung International Limited (WTIL) is the visionary behind The Enterprise Center, in collaboration with ARADS & Associates, the local architect of The Enterprise Center. 
From a grand podium, the two neoclassic towers (Towers 1 & 2) of granite and antique silver and glass rise, taper, and touch the Makati sky with crowns of gleaming steel.
By night, high intensity beams bathe the crowns in light, commanding attention from the farthest point of the metropolis.
Location.
The Enterprise Center, specifically Tower 1, is located in the corner of Ayala Avenue and Paseo de Roxas Avenue. The center is situated at the heart of the business and finance district, in one of the most popular commercial buildings in Makati City, and is accessible and near every other major destination of the city. Around its area are the Glorietta Mall and Ayala Center, educational institutions like the Asian Institute of Management, the Ateneo Graduate School of Business, the Ateneo Law School, Centro Escolar University—Makati and De La Salle University - Ramon V. del Rosario College of Business. It is also a few blocks away from deluxe hotels like Makati Shangri-La, The Peninsula Manila, Mandarin Oriental Manila, The InterContinental Hotel, Dusit Hotel plus the service facilities of the Makati Medical Center and the Central Post Office.
Good vehicular and pedestrian access including a direct link to the new elevated covered walkway is available, as well as
Amenities.
The tower is equipped with a helipad, and a private lounge one level before the helipad. 
The fourth floor houses an International Food Court, which serves a wide variety of world-class cuisine. There are 25 outlets serving both building tenants and visitors.
Also available is a well-equipped business center, which may provide back up and support system. It has a wide range of business equipment compatible with the world's high technology machines, including audio-visual equipment, computers, teleconferencing facilities and telecommunication services, function rooms, and full function office spaces for visiting guests or associates.
A Tenant Assistance Service Center (TASC) Desk is available to immediately respond to tenant and guests concerns. A computerized customer service system is installed to ensure quick and efficient response to tenant. The TASK DESC (which is open 24 hours a day) has become the center for tenant service, communication and coordination.
An air conditioned Driver's lounge at Basement 2 of Tower 1 is available, operating from 7AM to 7PM Mondays to Fridays, and 7 AM to 5 PM on Saturdays. This lounge is for the exclusive use of The Enterprise Center tenants and their visitors. A television and cool drink machine is available for convenience.
A Mailing Room is available to all tenants, and is located at Basement 2 beside the Security Office. The Mailing Room is open Mondays to Fridays from 2 PM to 4 PM and on Saturdays from 9 AM to 11 AM.
A smoking area is also present for the convenience of all tenants especially the non-smokers. The smoking area is located at street level very near the staircase going to the overhead walkway along the Dela Rosa service road entrance. Appropriate benches, landscaping, weather protection and trash bins have been installed for the comfort of all tenants. The smoking area is open 24hours a day.

</doc>
<doc id="19800967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19800967" title="Boworadet Rebellion">
Boworadet Rebellion

The Boworadet Rebellion (Thai: กบฎบวรเดช; RTGS: Kabot Boworadet) was a Thai rebellion (or unsuccessful "coup d'état") led by royalist Prince Boworadet in 1933, in consequence of the conflicts between the previous royalist regime and the succeeding constitutional regime following the Revolution in 1932. The Boworadet revolt was eventually defeated by the Siamese Government. As a historical event it was cataclysmic in the transformation of Thai politics and government.
Background.
In March 1933, Pridi Phanomyong, a Minister of State and a member of the People's Party, was attacked verbally by the constitutional monarch King Prajadhipok (or King Rama VII) as a communist following the proposal of the Draft National Economic Development Plan, or the "Yellow Cover Dossier", to the National Assembly. The Yellow Paper was a plan to arrange and provide State welfare, to distribute all land to the rural poor, to interfere in economic affairs of the private sectors and to provide rural farmers more economic subsidies. These concepts were deemed communistic (or at least socialistic) by the Monarch. This led Thawan Ritthidet (Thai: ถวัลย์ ฤทธิเดช), a private citizen, to file a lawsuit against the King, accusing him of intervention in political, state and economic affairs. The fallout over Pridi's plan divided the Cabinet and led the Prime Minister, Phraya Manopakorn Nititada, to dissolve the National Assembly on the 1 April and use emergency decrees (such as the Anti-Communist Act) to govern. Pridi was immediately exiled to France. 
On the 20 June, a senior Army Officer and member of the Khana Ratsadorn or the People's Party, General Phraya Phahon Phon Phayuhasena (Thai:พลเอก พระยาพหลพลพยุหเสนา (พจน์ พหลโยธิน)), seized power in a coup d'état, overthrowing the Government of Phraya Manopakorn. The coup leader appointed himself the second Prime Minister of Thailand, declared Pridi Phanomyong not guilty and allowed him to returned.
Prince Boworadet.
Prince Boworadet (Thai: พระเจ้าบรมวงศ์เ้ธอ พระองค์เจ้าบวรเดช), a German-educated minor member of the Royal Family, had been Minister of Defense and the Siamese Ambassador to France. He lost his positions following the Revolution of 1932. An ardent royalist, he was furious that anyone was allowed to sue the King. This added to his discontent of Phraya Phahon Phon Phayuhasena's coup against Phraya Manopakorn and his support of Pridi against the monarch. 
Prince Boworadej secretly plotted with Colonel Phraya Sri Sitthi Songkhram (Thai: พระยาศรีสิทธิ์สงคราม), commander of the Armed Forces of Bangkok, and other senior military officers to stage a coup d'état to unseat the government and replace it with a more traditional one. When the Khana Ratsadon (People's Party) took over, the older right-wing military officers had been unceremoniously pushed out and replaced by younger coup members. 
On 11 October 1933, Prince Boworadet led royalist forces from the Eastern Region of the Country, consisting of the Korat, Phetchaburi, and Udon Regiments, together with a cavalry unit and several artillery batteries. They reached the capital to find that the military units in Bangkok supported the government. He nevertheless continued the attempt.
Defeat of the Rebellion.
The first clash occurred on 11 October 1933 at Amphoe Pak Chong, in Nakhon Ratchasima Province. The government forces were defeated and several members of the government were captured. The rebels then marched to Bangkok's Khet Don Mueang, calling themselves the "National Rescue Council" (Thai: คณะกู้บ้านเมือง; RTGS: Khana Ku Ban Mueang) and their attempt the "Deer Plan" (Thai: แผนล้อมกวาง; RTGS: Phaen Lom Kwang). Prince Boworadet tried to persuade other forces to join him, including the Royal Thai Navy, which instead declared itself neutral and sailed for bases in the South.
The legitimate government as it declared appointed Lieutenant Colonel Luang Phibulsonggram, one of the 1932 coup makers, to command the Bangkok forces. These were supported by an armoured car and a tank commanded by Pibun's friend, Lieutenant Colonel 'Luang Amnuai Songkhram (Thom Kesakomon) (Thai: หลวงอำนวยสงคราม (ถม เกษะโกมล)), who would later be killed in combat. 
After a day of fierce fighting on 12 October, the rebels were able to capture Don Muang on the outskirts of the city. Major Luang Seri Somroeng Rit (Thai: พันตรีหลวงเสรีเริงฤทธิ์) was appointed (under truce) to ask the rebels to surrender, under a government offer of amnesty. However, the Major was seized and made a hostage. The rebels presented the following demands: 1) the Country shall be headed by the King forever; 2) all State affairs must be carried out in accordance with the Constitution, especially the appointment and removal of a member of the Council of Ministers, which can only be made by a majority of votes; 3) Permanent public officials, both civil and military, shall not intervene in politics; 4) The appointment of public officials shall be made with regard qualifications, without political partiality; 5) The second type (non-elected)of the people's representatives shall be appointed by the King (as opposed to the Prime Minister); 6) Armaments for the Army shall be provided everywhere, not gathered in any specific area; 7) Amnesty shall be granted to the National Rescue Council and all its supporters.
The legitimate government in Bangkok refused to comply with the their demands, and the rebel forces advanced further to the capital, seizing the area around Bang Khen. The rebels set up a stronghold near the Lak Si train station, using machine guns and cavalry. The government was able to drive the rebels with the help of the Nakhon Sawan Regiment and a declaration of the Prachinburi Regiment in support of the government and join the fight. This broke of the rebels' morale, and on 14 October they began to retreat. The next day the government with superior forces (heavy artillery having been moved in by rail) was able to attack the rebel stronghold. Running out of ammunition and supplies, the rebels broke. Government forces pursued and advanced to the rebel base in Nakhon Ratchasima. On 23 October, with the possibility of further reinforcement by other provincial garrisons and the death in action of Boworadet's second-in-command, Phaya Sri Sitthi Songkram, the rebels were badly defeated. The remnants dispersed, and the royalist revolt was over.
Aftermath.
Much destruction was done to the infrastructure of Bangkok (railways and bridges) and the surrounding area, including the Don Mueang Aerodome, from artillery bombardment, bombings and fire. On 25 October Prince Boworadet and his wife boarded an aeroplane and left Siam for Vietnam (then part of French Indochina). Many other leaders were arrested or surrendered, including Prince Boworadet's younger brother, Prince Sinthiphorn Kadakorn (Thai: หม่อมเจ้าสิทธิพร กฤดากร). The rest were eventually suppressed and were tried by a special court. Many received life sentences, but none were executed. Most sentences were later reduced and many were pardoned completely. Prince Boworadet received asylum in Cambodia, where he lived until 1948. He then returned home to Thailand, dying in 1953 at the age of 76.
Legacy.
Phraya Phahol's Government was able to further cement their grip on power. Although no direct evidence that Prajadhipok ever supported the rebellion, the result was nevertheless a blow to the King, as the rebels had claimed to be fighting in his name. His prestige was greatly diminished and his power severely weakened. The King's lack of leadership and indecisiveness showed when he only released a telegram saying that he regretted the strife and civil disturbances that occurred, he and the Queen then left the capital for Songkla leaving the Government to deal with the rebellion. During this time he also failed to support his constitutional Government, which undermined his credibility and his perceived commitment to democracy and the constitutional system. This gave Phraya Phahol and the King's opponents reason to point that the monarch has failed to do his duty. The series of events following the rebellion eventually led to the King's abdication in 1935. The rebellion also led to the estrangement of the aristocratic factions and families, which has served the Kingdom for centuries. They were viewed with distrust and would never again regained their power and position in Thai politics. 
The rebellion was also seen as a beginning of the meteoric rise of the two key players in the rebellion: Pridi and Phibul. Pridi, eventually became leader of the civilian faction within the Government and later Regent for King Ananda Mahidol (or Rama VIII) from 1944–1946 and then eventually Prime Minister in 1946. Phibul became the new leader and hero of the military faction and replacing Phraya Phahol as Prime Minister from 1938–1944 and then later 1948–1957, and eventually de facto dictator of Thailand (to date the longest serving Prime Minister in Thai history). 
The "Rebellion Suppression Monument" was established at Khet Lak Si, Bangkok, as a commemoration of this event, and later renamed as the "Constitution Defense Monument".

</doc>
<doc id="19800973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19800973" title="List of artillery">
List of artillery

Artillery has been a primary weapon of war since before the Napoleonic Era. Several countries have developed and built artillery systems, while artillery itself has been continually improved and redesigned to meet the evolving needs of the battlefield. This has led to a multitude of different types and designs which have played a role in the history of warfare and continue to be a significant factor in modern combat.
For the most part, the following lists of artillery cover guns, howitzers, mortars, and other large projectile weapons. Small arms and missiles are not generally included, though rockets and other bombardment weapons may be. For a more complete listing of various weapons, see list of weapons.
__NOTOC__
By caliber.
List of the largest cannon by caliber

</doc>
<doc id="19801002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801002" title="Faith, Hope and Witchcraft">
Faith, Hope and Witchcraft

Faith, Hope and Witchcraft () is a 1960 Danish family film directed by Erik Balling and starring Bodil Ipsen. It was entered into the 10th Berlin International Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19801017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801017" title="Henry Gesner Pineo, Jr.">
Henry Gesner Pineo, Jr.

Henry Gesner Pineo, Jr. (March 6, 1830 – May 12, 1874) was a political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Cumberland County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1867 to 1874 as a Conservative member.
He was born in Pugwash, Nova Scotia, the son of Henry Gesner Pineo, a member of the province's Legislative Council. Pineo was educated in Sackville. In 1851, he married Charlotte Amelia Kerr. He served as consular agent for the United States and vice consul for Sweden and Norway before Confederation. Pineo was also lieutenant-colonel in the militia. He died in Pugwash at the age of 44.

</doc>
<doc id="19801032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801032" title="USS Richmond (1798)">
USS Richmond (1798)

USS "Richmond" was a brig purchased for the US Navy in 1798 by the citizens of Richmond, Petersburg, Manchester and Norfolk, Virginia, while being built at Norfolk as "Augusta" for a Mr. Myers. Renamed "Richmond", she was fitted out in the fall of that year and in December stood out from Hampton Roads for the Caribbean with Captain Samuel Barron in command for service in the Quasi-War with France.
Sailing south, the brig joined Thomas Truxtun's squadron in the West Indies and operated with the ships of that squadron to protect American merchant shipping from French raiders - warships and privateers. Based at St. Kitts, "Richmond" convoyed merchantmen among the ports of the Lesser Antilles until June 1799, assisting, in May, in the capture of the French privateer, "Louis".
On 10 June 1799, "Richmond" departed the West Indies with a convoy bound for Norfolk, whence she continued on to New York. Between 18 July and 6 October, she cruised off the east coast, from Boston to the Virginia Capes, in search of rumored French raiders, and, in February 1800, she returned to the Caribbean. Based at San Domingo for a year, she re-captured the American schooner "Chance" on 22 May and assisted in returning "Thomas Chalkley" to the American merchant fleet on the 28th.
After the end of the Quasi-War with France, "Richmond" sailed north and in February 1801 she arrived back at New York. In March most of her crew was detached; and on 1 April she was ordered turned over to the Navy agent at New York to be sold at auction.

</doc>
<doc id="19801074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801074" title="Slovenian nationalism">
Slovenian nationalism

Slovenian nationalism is the nationalism that asserts that Slovenes are a nation and promotes the cultural unity of Slovenes. Slovenian nationalism first arose in response to the influx of ideas of nationalism from the French Revolution that arrived in Slovenia when the French forces of Napoleon Bonaparte made Slovenia part of the Illyrian Provinces from 1809 to 1813. Slovenian nationalists such as Anton Korošec endorsed Yugoslav unification during World War I as a means to free Slovenia from Austro-Hungarian rule. 
On 8 May 1989, after the legalization of other political parties by Slovenia's reformist Communist Party-led government, new political parties published the May Declaration, demanding the formation of a sovereign, democratic, and pluralist Slovenian state. A referendum on independence from Yugoslavia was held on 26 December 1990 with a majority of Slovenians supporting independence. Slovenia declared independence on 25 July 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="19801082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801082" title="Wannamal, Western Australia">
Wannamal, Western Australia

Wannamal in a small town in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia.
The town's name is taken from the nearby Wannamal Lake, a name of Indigenous Australian origin that was first recorded in 1853. The meaning of the word is thought to mean "lake".
Grazing leases were first taken in the area in the 1850s and by the 1870s a permanent settlement existed in the area. In 1892 the Midland railway was extended as far as Wannamal and a siding was opened in the townsite in 1895.
The townsite was gazetted in 1908.
Tenders for the erection of a public hall were called for in early 1912, with the building being completed and opened in December the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="19801083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801083" title="Samuel Barron">
Samuel Barron

Samuel Barron may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19801122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801122" title="Communauté de communes du Petit Caux">
Communauté de communes du Petit Caux

The Communauté de communes du Petit Caux was created on August 24, 1982 and is located in the Seine-Maritime "département" of the Haute-Normandie region of north-western France.
Participants.
The Communauté de communes comprises the following 18 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="19801196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801196" title="Komtessen">
Komtessen

Komtessen is a 1961 Danish family film directed by Erik Overbye and starring Malene Schwartz.

</doc>
<doc id="19801217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801217" title="SC Weismain-Obermain">
SC Weismain-Obermain

The SC Weismain-Obermain is a German association football club from the city of Weismain, Bavaria.
The club's greatest success came in 1996, then under the name of SC Weismain, when it won the championship of the Fußball-Bayernliga and won promotion to the tier three Regionalliga Süd. After three seasons there the club was relegated again, sharply declined and eventually became insolvent in 2004 to be reformed as SC Weismain-Obermain.
History.
SC Weismain.
The club was formed in 1922 as FC Weismain and changed its name to SC Weismain after the Second World War, a name it carried until 2004.
For most of its history, the club remained an unremarkable amateur side. It began its rise through the ranks in 1982, when the club was promoted to the local "A-Klasse" (VI). From there, it advanced to the "Bezirksliga" the season after and from there gained promotion to the "Landesliga Bayern-Nord" (IV) in 1985. For the next ten seasons, the club remained in this league, finishing almost exclusively in the upper half of the table, a third place in 1987–88 being an early highlight.
With the establishment of the "Regionalliga Süd" in 1994, the best clubs from the "Bayernliga" entered the new league, allowing in turn for the best "Landesliga" clubs to enter the "Oberliga". The season after this, with lesser competition, "Weismain" managed to win its division and earn promotion to the "Bayernliga" (IV). A large part in this also played the support of Alois Dechant, owner of a local construction company and strong financial backer of the club. He also had a large part in the extension of the club's stadium to its present size.
"Weismain" had an impressive first "Bayernliga" season, winning the league and earning direct promotion to the "Regionalliga" (III). In its first two seasons in this league, the club finished in mid-table but the third season proved to be the end of the club's "miracle", finishing 17th and being relegated back to the "Bayernliga".
The club suffered a collapse in this league in 1999–2000, having to return to the "Landesliga" as quickly as they had risen from it. At this stage, Alois Dechant and his company were suffering financially and he eventually had to declare bankruptcy. The club, in turn, had overspent in its past seasons and found itself in financial difficulties, too.
While still finishing fifth in the "Landesliga" in 2001, the second season back brought another relegation, now to the "Bezirksoberliga Oberfranken". There, the "SCW" managed to earn immediate promotion back, but due to the imminent financial collapse it was relegated straight back down.
Before the club could even field in the 2004–05 "Bezirksoberliga" season, insolvency had to be declared and the club was dissolved.
SC Weismain II.
The club's reserve team, the "SC Weismain II", achieved local success, too, reaching as far as the "Landesliga", where it played from 1997 to 2000, coming fourth in 1999. The team however holds most negative records in this league, resulting from a disastrous 1999–2000 season. Since the insolvency the club has not been able to field a reserve team.
SCW Obermain.
Under new leadership, a new club was born, now named SCW Obermain, but still playing at the same stadium. With the insolvency, the club had lost all its players and was only able to field a team because the players of the over-40 side were willing to help out. The new league it played in was the "A-Klasse Lichtenfels 2" (X), the lowest local football division.
The new club made a slow recovery, managing to win its division in 2007 and moving up to the "Kreisklasse", where it played for the next couple of seasons. A runners-up spot in 2013 and two victories in the promotion round allowed the club to move up to the Kreisliga for the following season.
Honours.
The club's honours:
Recent seasons.
The recent season-by-season performance of the club:
Stadium.
The "Waldstadion" is still the club's home ground. Playing in the second-lowest tier of German football in 2008–09, the stadiums capacity of 17,000 far exceeds the needs of the club.
The record for spectators in the stadium was established in 1997, when 18,000 saw the game against 1. FC Nuremberg.

</doc>
<doc id="19801220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801220" title="Rhetus">
Rhetus

Rhetus is a Neotropical metalmark butterfly genus. They are small (wingspan 25–30 mm), fast flying, strikingly iridescent, and have long wing tails. 
They are found in open areas, including tracks of primary rainforest.
The genus was erected by Swainson in 1829.
In older literature, all three species were placed in the genus "Diorina" Morisse 1838 currently viewed as a subjective junior synonym, the older name having priority.
"Rhetus periander" often features in butterfly wall displays.
Subspecies.
There are three species.

</doc>
<doc id="19801226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801226" title="The Slaves of Solitude">
The Slaves of Solitude

The Slaves of Solitude is a novel by Patrick Hamilton. It was published in 1947 and reissued by New York Review Books Classics in 2007.
Plot.
The novel is set in 1943 in the fictional town of Thames Lockden (based on Henley-on-Thames), and largely follows the experiences of Miss Roach who lives in the Rosamund Tea Rooms, a guest house, having left London during the Blitz. Also residing at the guest house are Mr Thwaites (described as the 'President in Hell'), Miss Steele, Miss Barrett (both aging spinsters) and Mr Prest (a retired comedian).
Miss Roach works at a publishing firm, 'as a secretary and in other capacities' in London. The opening sequence describes London as a great monster respiring, drawing workers into the city through its lungs in the morning and expelling them in the evening. It then follows Miss Roach to the Rosamund Tea Rooms and she is presented as leading a dull and uncomplicated life. She is, however, oppressed by Mr Thwaites who takes every opportunity to mock her at meal times. Mr Thwaites, revealed to be a Nazi Sympathiser, insists that Miss Roach is a 'friend of the Russians', is shown to be overbearing and a bore and forces the shared meals the guests partake in to be conducted in an oppressive atmosphere. Soon after this, two American servicemen appear at dinner. Miss Roach becomes romantically involved with one of them, Lieutenant Pike, beginning a relationship centred around the local pub and kissing on a bench. This relationship becomes disrupted by the arrival of Miss Roach's German friend Vicki Kugelman, who soon becomes Miss Roach's love rival. Miss Kugelman moves into the Rosamund Tea Rooms, charms Mr Thwaites and there soon begins a sort emotional struggle between the two spinsters.
Critical reaction.
The poet John Betjeman said in a contemporary Daily Herald review, that "I think Mr Hamilton is one of the best living novelists, and that this is the best book he has yet written."
David Lodge described the book as 'one of the best novels about the second world war' 

</doc>
<doc id="19801241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801241" title="Mine tossede drenge">
Mine tossede drenge

Mine tossede drenge is a 1961 Danish family film directed by Sven Methling and starring Marguerite Viby.

</doc>
<doc id="19801247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801247" title="King of Fighters R-1">
King of Fighters R-1

King of Fighters R-1 is a fighting game released by SNK in 1998 for the Neo-Geo Pocket handheld system. A sequel, King of Fighters R-2, was released the following year.

</doc>
<doc id="19801254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801254" title="Nocturnal house">
Nocturnal house

A nocturnal house is a building in a zoo or research establishment where nocturnal animals are kept. The unique feature of buildings of this type is that the lighting within is isolated from the outside and reversed; i.e. it is dark during the day and lit at night. This is to enable visitors and researchers to more conveniently study nocturnal animals during daylight hours.
Internally, a building usually consists of several glass-walled enclosures containing a replica of the animals' normal environments. In the case of burrowing animals, often their tunnels are 'half-glassed' so the animals can be observed while underground.

</doc>
<doc id="19801260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801260" title="The Man with Two Brians">
The Man with Two Brians

"The Man with Two Brians" is the fifth episode of the seventh season of the animated series "Family Guy". It premiered on Fox in the United States on November 9, 2008. The episode centers on anthropomorphic dog Brian after he is injured during a stunt being enacted by his owner, Peter, after he watches "Jackass" with his friends. The family comes to realize that Brian may be getting too old, so Peter brings home an optimistic new dog. Brian is prompted to leave when his family begins to favor New Brian over him. 
The episode was written by John Viener and marked the directorial debut of Dominic Bianchi. It received generally favorable reviews from critics for its storyline and various cultural references. According to Nielsen ratings, the episode was viewed by 8.60 million households in its original airdate. Johnny Knoxville, Will Sasso and Camille Guaty provided guest performances in the episode.
Plot.
After watching "Jackass", Peter and his friends, Cleveland, Quagmire, and Joe are impressed into filming their own highly dangerous stunts. In one stunt, Peter attempts to jump a lake but instead crashes into a tree, causing him to fall into the lake and become incapacitated. Brian swims out to save him from drowning, but strains his back during the rescue and also ends up stranded in the water along with Peter, before being rescued by Joe. Lois berates Peter for his actions, since Brian is becoming old and has been smoking and drinking. Peter begins to grow upset about Brian's age so he obtains another dog and names him New Brian. His positive attitude and desirable personality make Brian feel like an outcast and Brian becomes sad that he is now unloved, and rejected. For example in one scene, when the Griffins hear New Brian fart, they think it is cute and when Brian does it, they get furious and kick him out. He ultimately decides to leave the residence, while his family begins to miss him.
Meanwhile, New Brian's constant cheerfulness begins to aggravate Stewie. Stewie pleads for Brian to return, but he informs him that as long as New Brian is there, he has no place in the Griffin household. Stewie reveals to New Brian that they do not like several of his traits, including how he humps the leg of one of their chairs, but New Brian replies by boasting about how he violated Rupert, Stewie's teddy bear. Stewie proceeds to kill New Brian and forges a suicide note. The Griffins then ultimately accept Brian back, while Stewie, traumatized by what happened to Rupert, frantically washes him in the shower while comforting him.
Production.
"The Man with Two Brians" was written by John Viener and directed by Dominic Bianchi. In the storyboard animatic scene of Brian's rescue of a drowning Peter, music from "" was used. The scene in which Peter broke his neck and the design of New Brian were both based on drawings by creator Seth MacFarlane. New Brian was supposed to be a Golden Retriever, but his color was changed so that he would stand out from the yellow kitchen. In the scene when Peter wears the costume from "The Greatest American Hero", the theme from "E.T." was originally used. Several scenes were cut when the episode aired on television, mostly due to lack of time. The song New Brian sang to Peter was written by series writer Alec Sulkin. The original ending for the episode was a "Beverly Hills, 90210" basketball joke, but it was cut.
"The Man with Two Brians", along with the first eight episodes of the seventh season were released on DVD by 20th Century Fox in the United States and Canada on June 16, 2009. The "Volume 7" DVD release features bonus material including deleted scenes, animatics, and commentaries for every episode.
Johnny Knoxville, star of "Jackass", provided his own voice in this episode, and Will Sasso and Camille Guaty guest starred as various characters. The episode's writer, John Viener, provided the voice of New Brian. Recurring voice actors and writers Kirker Butler, Mark Hentemann, Danny Smith and Alec Sulkin made minor appearances in the episode.
Cultural references.
The television series "Jackass" is referred to frequently by Peter and his neighbors, and is the principal reason that they try to do stunts. Johnny Knoxville cameoes and takes a shotgun blast which blows off part of his face. In the episode, while being launched off a ramp and flying through the air, Peter wears the costume from "The Greatest American Hero" and sings that series' theme song. 
Peter dresses up like a stereotypical adolescent bully featured in 1980s films, and makes references to "Pretty in Pink", "No Retreat, No Surrender" and "The Karate Kid". He then looks at the ocean on a pier as Howard Jones' song, "No One Is to Blame", plays. In one scene, Stewie refers to "aging supermodel Carol Alt." Before New Brian and Lois sing "Summer Nights" as featured in "Grease", Peter sings R.E.M.'s "Everybody Hurts". Stewie reads and then rips apart Nancy Reagan's memoir, "My Turn".
Mumm-Ra, the antagonist from the 1980s cartoon Thundercats and its 2011 remake, appears in the scene where Cleveland is making Brian go to the bathroom on a leash whilst staying at his house. Mumm-Ra watches through his cauldron and laughs evilly before remarking, "I'm watching you make stool!"
Reception.
In its original American broadcast, "The Man with Two Brians" was watched by 8.60 million households according to the Nielsen ratings. The episode acquired a 4.3 rating in the 18–49 demographic, and was the most-watched show in the "Animation Domination" block that night. "Family Guy" finished fourth in its timeslot, after NBC's "Sunday Night Football", ABC's "Desperate Housewives" and CBS's "The Amazing Race".
The episode received generally favorable reviews from television sources and critics. Ahsan Haque of IGN gave the episode 7.5/10 and said: "While it featured more than [...] a couple of genuinely unfunny ideas, this episode succeeds for the most part. [...] While this episode definitely won't make anyone's top ten list of great "Family Guy", there was a much better balance between random humor and storytelling in this outing". Genevieve Koski of The A.V. Club gave the episode an A-, and said that "Family Guy" "started things out on the wrong foot with an oh-so-relevant "Jackass" storyline. [...] Most of the "Jackass" stuff was way too stale–Peter jackknifing Quagmire into the crate of bees notwithstanding–but thankfully it was just setup for a far superior storyline, the introduction of a younger 'New Brian'".
Robin Pierson of The TV Critic was more critical about the episode, and gave it 32/100 and said: "As usual the problem with this episode is that there is no point to it. episode had some needless jokes but others which were bearable and a logical enough story even though it addressed nothing.

</doc>
<doc id="19801271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801271" title="EAIF">
EAIF

In mobile communications, 
External Application Interface (EAIF) is a protocol developed by Nokia for sending and receiving MMS messages. It is protocol based on HTTP, but with binary content. It used by various MMSC implementations.

</doc>
<doc id="19801281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801281" title="Jetpiloter">
Jetpiloter

Jetpiloter is a 1961 Danish family film directed by Anker Sørensen and starring Ebbe Langberg.

</doc>
<doc id="19801341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801341" title="R-4 motorway (Spain)">
R-4 motorway (Spain)

The Autopista Radial R-4 is a Spanish radial motorway originating from Madrid and passing through Valdemoro, connecting to the N-400, Autovía A-40 and Autopista AP-36.
The road is managed by the Cintra.

</doc>
<doc id="19801364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801364" title="Ejin">
Ejin

Ejin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19801369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801369" title="Samuel Coe">
Samuel Coe

Samuel Coe (3 June 1873 - 4 November 1955) was an English cricketer. He was a left-hand batsman and left-arm slow-medium bowler who played for Leicestershire.
Born in Earl Shilton, Leicestershire, Coe made a total of 448 appearances for his home county over a 27-year period, he also twice played for London County, once for the Players against Gentlemen in 1908 and once for an England XI against the touring Australians of 1909.
Coe scored a total of 17,438 first-class runs at an average of 24.69 and passed 1,000 for a season seven times, his best seasonal total was 1,258 in 1914 which included his best innings of 252 not out against Nottinghamshire in four hours. This score was Coe's only double century and remained the county's highest score until beaten by Phil Simmons in 1994.
Coe's bowling returned 335 wickets at 32.20, with a best of 6/38 against London County in 1903. He passed 50 wickets in a season once, when in 1905 he claimed 52 at 22.38.
In July 1900, Coe became the first county victim of Bernard Bosanquet's innovation, the googly. The ball reportedly bounced four times before Coe was out stumped for 98

</doc>
<doc id="19801402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801402" title="Waterloo, Western Australia">
Waterloo, Western Australia

Waterloo is a small town in the South West region of Western Australia, located on the South Western Highway between Bunbury and Brunswick Junction.
The population of the town was 41 (23 males and 18 females) in 1898.

</doc>
<doc id="19801420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801420" title="Shandan">
Shandan

Shandan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19801427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801427" title="Harry Scott Bennett">
Harry Scott Bennett

Harry Scott Bennett (1 June 1877 – 24 May 1959), originally Henry Gilbert Scott Bennett, was an Australian socialist speaker and organiser. He was born in Chilwell, Victoria and died in Sydney. 
He was MLA for Ballarat West, Victoria for the Australian Labor Party 1904–1907. 
He spent 1913–1915 in New Zealand (where John A. Lee heard him while they were in prison) and 1915-1917 in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19801428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801428" title="Bulwell Hall Halt railway station">
Bulwell Hall Halt railway station

Bulwell Hall Halt railway station was a halt between Nottingham and Hucknall on the Great Central Railway main line, the last main line to be built from the north of England to London, opened on 15 March 1899.
History.
Bulwell Hall Halt was opened on 24 April 1909, some 10 years after the line itself - the Great Central Railway's London Extension through Nottingham. The halt was of timber construction, and located approximately 100 yard north of Lawton Drive, or half a mile north of the lengthy Bulwell Viaduct which spanned the Leen Valley.
The halt's main purpose was to serve Nottingham City Golf Course, however during World War I it was also used by troops. It did not appear in public timetables until 1911. Low patronage led to its closure on 5 May 1930; the line itself closed on 5 September 1966.
Present day.
No trace of the halt remains today, however a footpath following the railway's trackbed through the site is extant.

</doc>
<doc id="19801431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801431" title="Rushworth and Dreaper">
Rushworth and Dreaper

Rushworth and Dreaper was a firm of organ builders based in Liverpool, England Upon its bankruptcy, its archives were mostly destroyed, and the Victorian clock in the works tower was removed. The premises are now occupied by Henry Willis & Sons.
External links.
Listen:

</doc>
<doc id="19801450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801450" title="Eupithecia haworthiata">
Eupithecia haworthiata

The Haworth’s Pug "(Eupithecia haworthiata)" is a moth of the family Geometridae. The species can be found in Europe.
The wingspan is 12–14 mm. The moths flies from April to August depending on the location.
The caterpillars feed on "Clematis vitalba" and cultivated "Clematis" species.

</doc>
<doc id="19801472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801472" title="Charles James Campbell">
Charles James Campbell

Charles James Campbell (November 6, 1819 – April 17, 1906) was a Scottish-born merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Victoria in the Canadian House of Commons from 1874 to 1875, from 1876 to 1878 and from 1882 to 1887 as a Conservative member.
He was born on the Isle of Skye, the son of John Campbell and Isabella McRae, and came to Nova Scotia in 1831. In 1843, Campbell married Eliza Jane Ingraham. He owned the New Campbell Coal Mines. He was named a justice of the peace for Cape Breton County in 1851 and county coroner in 1857. Campbell was also lieutenant-colonel for the county militia, served as a chairman of the county board of health, was a school trustee and served on the province's board of agriculture.
Campbell represented Victoria County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1853 to 1859, from 1863 to 1867 and from 1871 to 1873. He was also elected to the provincial assembly in 1851 and 1860 but was unseated after those elections were appealed. He served as a member of the province's Executive Council from 1856 to 1859. In 1873, he was named to the province's Legislative Council and he served until 1874, when he was elected to the House of Commons. His election was subsequently overturned the following year. Campbell was an unsuccessful candidate for the House of Commons in 1873, 1875, 1878 and 1887.
Campbell died in North Sydney at the age of 86.

</doc>
<doc id="19801480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801480" title="Det stod i avisen">
Det stod i avisen

Det stod i avisen is a 1962 Danish family film directed by Peer Guldbrandsen and starring Henning Moritzen.

</doc>
<doc id="19801495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801495" title="Apulia First">
Apulia First

Apulia First ("La Puglia Prima di Tutto", PPdT) is a regionalist-centrist political party in Italy active in Apulia, as local branch of Forza Italia.
The party was launched in 2005 as a civic list in support of Raffaele Fitto, the outgoing President of the Region of Forza Italia. In the 2005 regional election PPdT gained 9.2% of the vote and 5 seats in the Regional Council, while Fitto was defeated by Nichi Vendola.
PPdT has since organized on a stable basis and gained some autonomy from Fitto, although it can be considered a sort of sister-party of The People of Freedom, tha party in which Fitto and Forza Italia merged in 2009. Since then PPdT is led by Salvatore Greco, a former deputy of the Union of Christian and Centre Democrats. In the 2010 regional election the party obtained 7.1% and 4 regional councillors, including Greco.

</doc>
<doc id="19801508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801508" title="Abeiku Adams">
Abeiku Adams

Abeiku Junior Adams (born 18 May 1985) is a Ghanaian football player who plays for Bofoakwa Tano.
Career.
He played 2006/07 in Finland with RoPS and played three games in the season 2006/07 for the team, having come in July 2006 from Bofoakwa Tano on loan.

</doc>
<doc id="19801510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801510" title="Integral expression">
Integral expression

Integral expression may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19801531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801531" title="Barrington J. Bayley">
Barrington J. Bayley

Barrington J. Bayley (9 April 1937 – 14 October 2008) was an English science fiction writer.
Bayley was born in Birmingham and educated in Newport, Shropshire. He worked a number of jobs before joining the Royal Air Force in 1955; his first published story, "Combat's End", had seen print the year before in "Vargo Statten Magazine".
In the 1960s, Bayley became friends and a frequent collaborator with "New Worlds" editor Michael Moorcock, who described himself as "the dumb one in the partnership" and joined science fiction's New Wave movement. His short stories featured regularly in "New Worlds" magazine and then later in various "New Worlds" paperback anthologies, His first book, "The Star Virus", was followed by more than a dozen other novels; his downbeat, gloomy approach to novel writing has been cited as influential on the likes of M. John Harrison, Brian Stableford, Bruce Sterling, Iain Banks and Alastair Reynolds.
Bayley died of complications from bowel cancer on 14 October 2008. In 2001, he had written an outline for a sequel to "Eye of Terror", provisionally titled "An Age of Adventure". The novel was unreleased at the time of his death but rumours and listings of copies have circulated, including claims of a 2002 release date and a page count of 288. The book still makes appearances in lists of his works, including the bibliography in the ebooks of Bayley's works released by the Gollancz SF Gateway.
Bibliography.
Bayley used the pen names P.F Woods, J. Barrington Bayley, Alan Aumbry, Michael Barrington, Simon Barclay, and John Diamond.

</doc>
<doc id="19801540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801540" title="Billy Lustig">
Billy Lustig

William "Billy" Lustig (died August 16, 1913) was an American gang leader and labor racketeer. He was one of several independent gang leaders operating in Manhattan's Lower East Side and, along with Abe "Little Rhodey" Roch and Philip "Pinchy" Paul, led a small coalition of gangs to break the monopoly held by Joseph "Joe the Greaser" Rosenzweig and Benjamin "Dopey Benny" Fein during the first "Labor Slugger War". Lustig was also employed as a clerk and whose brother was a detective attached to the office of District Attorney Charles S. Whitman. 
Biography.
On the night of August 4, 1913, Lustig was followed by four unidentified men in a car while walking down Third Avenue. Lustig did not notice his pursuers and, upon reaching 14th Street, he walked into a coffee house owned by Humpty Jackson. Two of the gunmen followed Lustig into the establishment where, seeing Lustig at a table, they fired five times at him. Only two of these shot hit Lustig who fell to the ground with a bullet in his shoulder and stomach. The gunmen then returned outside and ran to 12th Street where their accomplices were already waiting, with the motor running, and sped off towards the North River. A crowd had already gathered in front of Jackson's place as soon as the first shots were heard and a few bystanders managed to chase the car all the way to Cooper Street before losing sight of them. One man was able to copy the license plate but police were unable to find a match in the state motor car records. 
Upon questioning witnesses at the scene, one man claimed that Lustig and the other two men had been quarreling over a girl. Another version told to police was that Lustig had been lured to the coffee house by a telephone message from a young woman. Three pistols were found on the sidewalk outside. Police officials at the time suspected that the shooting was linked the murder of gambler Herman Rosenthal the previous year due to the similarities of both the method and escape as well as the car's description, a Shapiro's grey auto, with the noted exception of the license plates. 
Lustig was found unconscious by officers arriving on the scene and was brought to Bellevue Hospital where he underwent surgery. Doctors initially stated that there was little hope of recovery, however Lustig was able to pull through and it was announced he was out of danger a day later. Lustig was questioned by Deputy Police Commissioner George Samuel Dougherty and his team of detectives, who were investigating the rising violence in the East Side, but Lustig refused to identify his attackers responding only that he would settle it on his own. 
Of the two bullets, one was removed from his stomach which was lodged near his spine upon his arrival at the hospital. The other bullet was under the collarbone was to have been taken out later that week. On August 14, he left the hospital where he stayed at his mother's house. Two days after being discharged, Lustig was shot and killed by unidentified gunmen outside the same cafe owned by Humpty Jackson on August 16, 1913. 
Following the initial shooting, police concentrated their efforts in tracking down the woman who supposedly lured Lustig to the restaurant. The body of an unidentified woman found in Inwood days later was thought to have been that person. It was speculated that she had been killed when those behind Lustig's killing feared she might inform police under interrogation. On August 22, police detectives Emile Klinger and Paul Kaiser arrested a woman in Scranton, Pennsylvania believed to know the whereabouts of a key witness, Rose Harris, who was able to identify the four gunmen. 

</doc>
<doc id="19801554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801554" title="The Talking Parcel">
The Talking Parcel

The Talking Parcel (also published as "The Battle for Castle Cockatrice") is a 1974 book by Gerald Durrell in which children are transported to the fantasy land of Mythologia to save it from cockatrices. They are aided by a talking parrot and encounter many other magical creatures, including a mooncalf.
Film adaptation.
It was made into an animated feature for television by Cosgrove Hall Films in 1978, debuting on ITV. However, the film differs from the book mainly by introducing only one human protagonist, the girl Penelope.

</doc>
<doc id="19801559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801559" title="Kongtong">
Kongtong

Kongtong may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19801572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801572" title="Pedestrian (band)">
Pedestrian (band)

Pedestrian is an alternative rock band based in Los Angeles, California, USA. The band was formed in late 2002 by guitarist/songwriter Joel Shearer.
Band members have played in the backing bands of artists such as Gnarls Barkley, Damien Rice, Alanis Morissette, Dido and Our Lady Peace. Pedestrian was also invited to perform as opening acts on tour in North America and overseas with Damien Rice and Our Lady Peace, allowing the band to reach a wider audience and larger fanbase.
Although releasing albums on Shearer's own independent label, the band has a distribution deal with Iris Records.
Members.
Former or part-time members:
Discography.
Pedestrian independently released 4 CDs: the Electric and Acoustic EP's (2003), Ghostly Life (2006) and Sidegeist (2008)
Ghostly Life.
The band took a long time to make their first full-length album, Ghostly Life, because members were on tour with Damien Rice in 2003, Our Lady Peace in 2005, and also took time out to record and tour with other artists.
The album "Ghostly Life" is inspired by "art, politics, love, hate, life, loneliness, chaos, and good Scotch".
Sidegeist.
Pedestrian recorded Sidegeist independently at the band's studio in Los Angeles. It features Randy Kerber (piano on "Let the Ending Begin") and Shara Worden (vocals on "Shape of a Pocket") of My Brightest Diamond.
The album "Sidegeist" is inspired by "art, politics, love, life, loneliness, chaos, good scotch and a beautiful dog named Cedrick". Following the release of Sidegeist, the band was named The Deli LA's Band of the Month for 1st half of September 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19801588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801588" title="Ryan Beattie">
Ryan Beattie

Ryan Beattie is a Canadian musician best known for his work as guitarist of the indie rock band Frog Eyes. Beattie had joined the band to replace keyboardist Spencer Krug, who declined to tour with them, and has since become a full-fledged member. 
He is also the frontman of the Vancouver Island-based Chet, and has also released two solo albums under the moniker "The Himalayan Bear".

</doc>
<doc id="19801593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801593" title="Paasche">
Paasche

Paasche may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19801602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801602" title="Ewell, Virginia">
Ewell, Virginia

Ewell was an unincorporated town in James City County west of Williamsburg, in the U.S. state of Virginia.
Ewell was named for Benjamin Stoddert Ewell (1810-1894) who was a U.S. and Confederate army officer, and civil engineer. A local farmer, he is best remembered for his presidency of the College of William and Mary in nearby Williamsburg during turbulent times for the school before and after the American Civil War. Ewell's tireless efforts to restore the historic school and its programs during and after Reconstruction became legendary in Williamsburg and at the College and were ultimately successful, with funding from both the U.S. Congress and the Commonwealth of Virginia. Benjamin Ewell remained in Williamsburg as President Emeritus of the College until his death in 1894.
In 1881, the Chesapeake and Ohio Railway (C&O) was extended east from Richmond to a new coal pier at Newport News on the harbor of Hampton Roads. The railroad's new Peninsula Subdivision opened new shipping opportunities for the farmers of the region. In James City County, new railroad stations were established every few miles, at Diascund, Toano, Vaiden's Siding (Norge), Kelton (Lightfoot) and Ewell, Williamsburg, and Grove. 
In the mid 20th century, the smaller stations along the line were discontinued as trucking assumed most of the shipping business, although Williamsburg remained open for passenger services. The wooden station from Ewell was relocated a short distance away and was in alternate use as of June 2013. The larger station building from Norge has also been preserved, and was relocated to a site adjacent to the Williamsburg Regional Library branch on Croaker Road.
Along U.S. Route 60, a portion of the old Richmond-Williamsburg Stage Road, Ewell Hall, the historic plantation house built by Benjamin Ewell eventually became the restored centerpiece of a cemetery, Williamsburg Memorial Park. 
As the Williamsburg community expanded even beyond the city limits, Ewell lost its individual identity and became part of an area popular with tourists for outlet shopping, hotels, restaurants and attractions. Ewell is no longer mailing address, and is now considered one of the Former counties, cities, and towns of Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19801603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801603" title="Mike Werb">
Mike Werb

Mike Werb is an American screenwriter, whose writing credits include "Face/Off", "The Mask" and the story for "".
A Los Angeles native, Werb attended Stanford. He is a UCLA Film School graduate.
His frequent collaborator is Michael Colleary. The duo won a Saturn Award for Best Writing for "Face/Off" in 1998. They previously worked on projects "Top Ten", "Stretch Armstrong" and "King's Ransom" (the latter one for director John Woo), but neither of these films were produced. He is the creator of "Unnatural History".

</doc>
<doc id="19801624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801624" title="Hucknall Central railway station">
Hucknall Central railway station

Hucknall Central railway station was a station in Hucknall on the Great Central Railway's main line from Manchester to London.
Construction.
Hucknall Central was of the larger 'town' variety of stations on the Great Central main line, with access to the island platform being via a footbridge from the booking hall which sat on the eastern side of the line. More comprehensive passenger facilities were provided at Hucknall, similar to Loughborough Central and Rugby Central stations, though not quite as lavish as in those cases. The station was constructed circa 1896-1898 by the contractors Logan and Hemmingway.
History.
The station opened as Hucknall Town on 15 March 1899 as part of the Great Central Railway's London extension. Soon after grouping as part of the London and North Eastern Railway, the station was renamed to Hucknall Central on 1 June 1923. The station was closed to both passengers and goods on 4 March 1963, along with most other local stations on the line.
Present day.
All that remains of the station is the road overbridge. The cutting in which the station lay has been filled in on both sides of this bridge, with a housing development on the south side.

</doc>
<doc id="19801632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801632" title="Sri Lankan spotted chevrotain">
Sri Lankan spotted chevrotain

Moschiola meminna is a species of even-toed ungulate in the chevrotain family (Tragulidae). Particularly in the old literature, "M. meminna" often refers to the spotted chevrotains as a whole. Today, the name is increasingly restricted to the Sri Lankan spotted chevrotain or white-spotted chevrotain, with the Indian spotted chevrotain "M. indica" and/or the yellow-striped chevrotain "M. kathygre" treated as distinct species.
In Sri Lanka, this species is found in the dry zone and is replaced in the wet zone by the yellow-striped chevrotain.

</doc>
<doc id="19801645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801645" title="Sergio Pérez">
Sergio Pérez

Sergio Pérez Mendoza (born 26 January 1990, also known as "Checo" Pérez, is a Mexican racing driver, currently driving for Force India.
Pérez was a member of the Ferrari Driver Academy until 2012. He also took his first Formula One podium at the 2012 Malaysian Grand Prix with Sauber, a drive which won him plaudits and fuelled speculation of a move to Ferrari in the near future. Due to his young age and performance, he has been referred to as "The Mexican Wunderkind".
Pérez joined McLaren for the season. For , the team decided to replace Pérez with Danish driver Kevin Magnussen. In December 2013, it was announced that Force India have signed Pérez in a 15 million Euro deal.
Personal life.
Born in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Sergio Pérez is the youngest child of Antonio Pérez Garibay and Marilú Pérez (née Mendoza); he also has an older sister Paola and an older brother Antonio who competes in the NASCAR Toyota Series, a stock car racing championship held in Mexico.
Both Pérez brothers are big football fans, stating that they thought about leaving car racing to play professionally. The Pérez brothers are friends of Mexican international Javier Hernández. In an interview in 2012 for the official Formula One website, Pérez revealed that if he had not been a driver would have liked to be a lawyer.
In November 2012, Pérez unveiled the Checo Pérez Foundation to support orphans and children with cancer; his sister Paola would also be involved with the project, as its President.
Early career.
Karting.
Pérez began his career at the age of 6 years in karting in 1996. In his first year of competition he achieved four victories in the junior category at the end of the year and claimed the runner-up spot in the category. In 1997, Pérez participated in the Youth Class (karts), where he was the youngest driver in the category and earned a win, five podiums and finished fourth in the championship.
The following year, he returned to compete in the junior category, where he had eight wins; and at the end of the campaign, he became the youngest driver to become champion of the category. He also participated in several races in Shifter 125 cc, and competed in Master Kadets, where he finished on the podium.
In 1999, he raced in the 80 cc Shifter category, where he took three wins and finished third in the championship. Pérez also became the youngest driver to win a competition in the category, after obtaining special permission from the Federation to participate in the 80 cc Shifter.
In 2000, he raced in the Shifter 80 cc Championship, and also participated in three races in the Shifter 125 cc category which was part of the Telmex Challenge. However, Pérez was not satisfied with the results and the following season, was up for another championship, this time on the 125cc Shifter Regional, and once again was the youngest driver to compete in the category. With all these achievements, the Mexican driver caught the attention of scouts for Scuderia Telmex.
With six wins in 2002, Pérez finished as the national runner-up in the Shifter 125 cc category, and participated in the global race Shifter 80 cc, in Las Vegas, where qualified fifth and finished in 11th place.
In 2003, he was leading both championships in the 125 cc category, but withdrew from the last seven races, which proved to be a disappointment in his title aspirations. However, he finished in third place in Telmex Challenge, in addition to winning the Cup runner-up in Mexico. In the same year, he was also invited to attend the Easy Kart 125 Shootout, where he competed against drivers from around the world and managed to qualify in first place to eventually take the checkered flag, while he was the youngest in the category.
Skip Barber.
Pérez competed in the United States-based Skip Barber National Championship in 2004. Driving for a team sponsored by Mexican telecommunications company Telmex, he finished eleventh in the championship.
Formula BMW.
Pérez moved to Europe for 2005 to compete in the German Formula BMW ADAC series. Pérez was allowed to reside in a restaurant owned by his team manager for four months. He finished fourteenth in the championship, driving for Team Rosberg, and improved to sixth position the following year.
A1 Grand Prix.
In the 2006–07 A1 Grand Prix season, Pérez took part in a single round of the championship for A1 Team Mexico. He was the third-youngest driver to take part in the series.
Formula Three.
Pérez switched to the British Formula Three Championship for 2007. Pérez relocated his personal residence to Oxford. He competed in the National Class – for older chassis – with the T-Sport team, winning the championship by a comfortable margin. In the process, he won two-thirds of the races and a similar proportion of pole positions, and finished all but two races on the podium.
For 2008, he and T-Sport graduated to the premier International Class of the championship, where he was one of the few drivers to be equipped with a Mugen Honda engine. After leading the championship early in the season, he eventually finished fourth in the drivers' standings.
GP2 Series.
Pérez drove for the Campos Grand Prix team in the 2008–09 GP2 Asia Series season, partnering Russian driver Vitaly Petrov. He is the first Mexican driver to compete at this level of motorsport since Giovanni Aloi took part in International Formula 3000 in 1990. He won his first GP2 Asia Series race at Sakhir, winning from lights-to-flag in the sprint race having started from pole position. He added a second win at Losail, during the sprint race of the night meeting in Qatar.
He moved to Arden International for the main 2009 GP2 Series season, driving alongside fellow Formula Three graduate Edoardo Mortara. Pérez finished twelfth in the standings, with a best result of second coming at Valencia. In the off-season, he contested two rounds of the 2009–10 GP2 Asia Series for Barwa Addax, ahead of a 2010 main series campaign with the team. He won five races, and finished second in the standings behind Pastor Maldonado.
Formula One.
Sauber (2011–2012).
2011 season.
On 4 October 2010, Sauber announced that Pérez would join the team in , replacing Nick Heidfeld. Sauber subsequently announced a partnership with Pérez's sponsor Telmex. Pérez became the fifth Mexican to compete in Formula One, and the first since Héctor Rebaque competed between 1977 and 1981. Pérez also became a member of the Ferrari Driver Academy scheme in October 2010.
He passed the chequered flag in seventh place in his first race, the , impressing observers by stopping to change tyres only once, becoming the only driver in the field to make fewer than two stops. However, both Sauber cars were subsequently disqualified for infringing technical regulations. Pérez failed to repeat the result in Malaysia where body parts flew off Sébastien Buemi's Toro Rosso car and into the electrical system of Pérez's Sauber, forcing his retirement. The saw him start in 12th position and he struggled during the race as well as making contact with several drivers en route to 17th. He followed that up with fourteenth in Turkey, before a ninth place finish in Spain – ahead of team-mate Kamui Kobayashi in tenth – to take his first Formula One points.
During the third part of qualifying for the , Pérez lost control of his car upon exiting the circuit's tunnel section, swung to the right and crashed into the barrier, before sliding across the chicane and hitting the TecPro barrier with a heavy side impact. Pérez was seen holding his hands around his head in an attempt to protect it just before the final impact. The session was suspended, and marshals and medical personnel extricated Pérez from his car. A Sauber team spokesman confirmed that Pérez was conscious and able to talk after the accident, and had been taken to the circuit's medical centre. He suffered a sprained thigh and concussion, and did not take part in the race the following day, on medical grounds. After taking part in the first practice session of the , Pérez did not feel well enough and decided not to take any further part, and was replaced by Pedro de la Rosa.
Pérez returned for the and finished eleventh after attempting to run the race on a one-stop strategy. Pérez took a career best seventh at the and eleventh in Germany. After a fifteenth place in Hungary, Pérez retired in Belgium with suspension failure. This was followed by a gearbox failure while running seventh in Italy, before he scored a point in Singapore after losing ninth place to Felipe Massa. In Japan he took eighth place, before a sixteenth place finish in Korea, tenth in India, and an eleventh place finish in Abu Dhabi. Pérez finished sixteenth in the Drivers' Championship with fourteen points.
On 28 July, it was announced that Pérez would remain with Sauber into the season, alongside team-mate Kobayashi. On 13 September, Pérez tested for Ferrari as part of the Ferrari Driver Academy in a Ferrari F60, Ferrari's car from the season. Pérez conducted the test with fellow academy member Jules Bianchi.
2012 season.
Pérez started the season with eighth place at the , losing several places on the final lap due to excessively-worn tyres. He achived Martin Brundle's Driver of the day reward In the second round at Malaysia, he went on to battle with Fernando Alonso for the win. In the dying laps of the race he was able to close the gap to 0.5 seconds, but was not able to make the pass as he went wide at turn 14 and fell back, finishing 2.2 seconds behind Alonso in second. Many observers praised the performance of Pérez during the race despite his late-race error, taking Sauber's best result as an independent team. In China, Pérez qualified a career-best eighth, but finished the race in eleventh place after problems with pit strategy and also his car's clutch.
He finished outside the points in the next three races – despite recording the fastest lap in Monaco – before Pérez achieved his second career podium at the , finishing the race in third place, having started fifteenth.
In the , Pérez qualified in fifteenth place, citing a handling imbalance and the car feeling "unpredictable" as reasons for the gap to Kobayashi in seventh. He improved to ninth place in the race, but raised poor qualifying form as an issue for the team. On lap 12 of the , Pérez collided with Pastor Maldonado, forcing him to retire with broken suspension. He later criticised the Venezuelan, claiming "Everybody has concerns about him" before adding, "He is a driver who doesn't know that we are risking our lives and has no respect at all". Maldonado received a double penalty in the form of a reprimand and a €10,000 fine after the race. Pérez later added: "Just look at the last races. He ruined Hamilton's race (in Valencia), he ruined my race in Monaco by doing stupid things. I don't understand why the stewards don't take a serious decision with him. With Pastor they're not doing anything that will teach him a lesson."
For the , Pérez started in 17th position but was able to make his way through the field, and ultimately finished the race in sixth place. At the , Pérez made it into Q3 and qualified fifth fastest. A penalty for Maldonado subsequently promoted Pérez to a career-best fourth on the grid. In the race, Pérez was forced to retire in the first turn of the first lap after Romain Grosjean caused a spectacular accident. Grosjean crashed his car into Lewis Hamilton creating a domino effect which involved five cars. Also involved in the accident were, the championship leader Fernando Alonso and Pérez's team-mate Kamui Kobayashi.
Pérez took his third podium at the . On Saturday, he failed to qualify for Q3, and was twelfth on the grid. On Sunday, he put in a storming drive to climb through the field to second place, passing on track, among others, Kimi Räikkönen, Nico Rosberg, Felipe Massa and Alonso. Unlike most of the drivers in the field, Pérez started the race on hard tyres and changed to the medium tyres on lap 29, allowing him to lead the Grand Prix for five laps. As a result, Pérez and his car's outstanding tyre management got him well into the points, and ultimately, to a podium finish. Ultimately, Pérez finished the season in tenth place in the Drivers' Championship with 66 points, 6 more than team-mate Kobayashi.
McLaren (2013).
2013 season.
On 28 September 2012, Lewis Hamilton's decision to leave McLaren for Mercedes in 2013 was announced, and Pérez was subsequently confirmed as Hamilton's replacement. He also replaced Hamilton in McLaren's cartoon "Tooned".
In the season-opening race in Australia, Pérez qualified 15th and finished in 11th position, later describing the weekend as "difficult" for himself and the team as a whole. Pérez started the from ninth on the grid, and finished the race in the same position, scoring his first points for McLaren. Pérez also achieved the fastest lap of the race, having pitted for fresh tyres.
In the Bahrain GP, he started 12th on the grid and finishing 6th ahead of Alonso (8th) and his teammate Button (10th), with whom he had a fierce duel in which they touched on a couple of occasions, increasing the competition between drivers in McLaren on the following races.
After the Bahrain Grand Prix, Jenson Button was quoted with the following on Pérez's driving style:
At the 2013 Monaco Grand Prix Pérez performed several aggressive overtaking moves, before retiring after colliding with Kimi Räikkönen. Following the incident Räikkönen said that Pérez should be "punched in the face". Pérez recorded a season-best fifth place finish in India, finishing four seconds shy of the podium, a result that left him "extremely satisfied".
Pérez confirmed on 13 November 2013 that he would be leaving McLaren at the end of the season to be replaced by Kevin Magnussen. On 12 December 2013 (exactly a month after it was announced he would leave McLaren), Force India confirmed Pérez would join Nico Hülkenberg in their driver line-up for 2014 in a 15 million Euro deal.
Force India (2014).
On 12 December 2013, Pérez had confirmed his drive for Force India in 2014.
Helmet.
Sergio Perez's helmet is based as a Mexican flag every season it changes
Racing record.
Career summary.
† Includes points scored by other drivers.* Season in progress.-->

</doc>
<doc id="19801670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801670" title="The Weapon (film)">
The Weapon (film)

The Weapon is a 1957 British thriller films directed by Val Guest. It was made by Republic Pictures. Its themes were originally explored in the 1951 British film, "The Yellow Balloon".
Plot.
Lizabeth Scott plays Elsa Jenner, widowed mother to her young son Erik. Whilst playing with friends in an abandoned and deteriorated old building, Erik finds a small handgun stuck to a brick. As all the boys try and pull it free, it accidentally fires a shot from Erik's hands, hitting another boy. Believing he has killed his friend, Erik immediately runs away.
Locating Erik becomes the mission of Captain Mark Andrews (Steve Cochran), who soon discovers the gun Erik found has a past that may have caused a dangerous criminal to pursue the young boy. As he inches closer to finding Erik, Andrews comes across Vivienne (Nicole Maurey), a dance hall hostess with a connection to the gun's original owner. But she has all but lost her faith in all things good, declaring to Andrews "I am dead".
As Andrews continues his investigation into the whereabouts of the gun, Erik's mother Elsa finally locates her son, with the assistance of helpful though relative stranger Joshua Henry. Erik had apparently stolen a bottle of milk from Henry, though Erik has no memory of this. It soon becomes clear that Henry is the one with ill intentions, prompting Elsa to demand Erik run away for help. Henry runs after the boy, leaving Elsa in the passenger side of a speeding car.
After crashing into a ditch, members of the public come to Elsa's aid. Among them is Captain Andrews, with whom she pleads not to worry about her, and save her son instead. Andrews immediately enters the old building where Henry was seen running, where shots are fired. But after both parties exhaust their weapons, a long fall to death awaits.

</doc>
<doc id="19801679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801679" title="Whatever, Mortal">
Whatever, Mortal

Whatever, Mortal is the second album by Papa M, the third such pseudonym used by David Pajo (after 'M' and 'Aerial M'), released in 2001 on the Chicago-based Drag City label (see 2001 in music).

</doc>
<doc id="19801683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801683" title="Matilda of Sulzbach">
Matilda of Sulzbach

Matilda of Sulzbach (died 31 October or 3 November 1165) was the wife of Engelbert III of Istria. Different dates of death are given in the necrologies of Baumburg Abbey and two monasteries of Salzburg.
Family.
She was a daughter of Berengar II, Count of Sulzbach (c. 1080 – 3 December 1125) and his second wife Adelheid of Wolfratshausen. In 1111, Berengar was among the nobles attending the coronation of Henry V, Holy Roman Emperor. He is mentioned among the sureties of documents related to the coronation. In 1120, Berengar is recorded granting a donation to the Prince-Bishopric of Bamberg. He is mentioned as the founder of Berchtesgaden Provostry and Baumburg Abbey. He was also a co-founder of Kastl Abbey. He was one of the rulers who signed the Concordat of Worms (23 September 1122). In August, 1125, Berengar is mentioned in documents of Lothair III, King of the Romans. The death of Berengar is mentioned four months later.
The identity of her mother is mentioned in the "Kastler Reimchronik", Vers 525. Adelheid is mentioned in various other documents of the 12th century as "Countess of Sulzbach", without mentioning her husband. "De Fundatoribus Monasterii Diessenses" contains a rather confused genealogy concerning her two most prominent daughters. Otto II, Count of Wolfratshausen, father of Adelheid, is given as father to Richenza, "Empress" and "Maria, Empress of the Greeks". Richenza was the empress of Lothair III. The author of the text had apparently confused her with Gertrude von Sulzbach, wife of Conrad III of Germany. Maria is probably a confusion for "Irene" the baptismal name of Bertha of Sulzbach, wife of Manuel I Komnenos. Both were actually granddaughters of Otto, children of Berengar and Adelheid. They were also sisters of Matilda.
The known siblings of Matilda include (1)Gebhard III, Count of Sulzbach, (2)Adelheid, Abbess of Niedernburg at Passau (3)Gertrude of Sulzbach, German Queen, (4)Bertha of Sulzbach, Byzantine Empress and (5)Luitgarde, wife first of Godfrey II of Leuven and secondly of Hugo XII, Count of Dagsburg and Metz.
Berengar II was a son of Gebhard II, Count of Sulzbach and Irmgard of Rott. Irmgard was a daughter of Kuno I of Rott, founder of Rott Abbey, and his wife Uta. There is a theory identifying her mother as a daughter of Frederick III, Count of Diessen. However this is not confirmed by primary sources. Irmgard is mentioned as the founder of Berchtesgaden monastery. There is mention of her marrying twice but the identity of her second husband is disputed. The most likely candidate is Kuno, Count of Horburg.
Gebhard II is considered a namesake son of Gebhard I, Count of Sulzbach. Gebhard I is the first person known to have used this title. On 28 November 1043, Gebhard was granted property by charter of Henry III, King of Germany. There his mother is mentioned as "Adalheit". The "Genealogischen Tafeln zur mitteleuropäischen Geschichte" (1965–1967) by W. Wegener identifies her as Adelaide of Susa. The father therefore being Herman IV, Duke of Swabia. This theory has gained some acceptance. However Charles Cawley notes that this would place his birth c. 1037-1038. In order for Gebhard to have grandchildren by the 1080s, "this would require a succession of teenage bridegrooms which seems improbable." Wegener theorises the wife of Gebhard I to have been a daughter of Berengar, Count of Nordgau. He suggests that Sulzbach was part of her dowry. Cawley considers the theory to stand only on "the transmission of the name Berengar into her husband's family." Otherwise no connection between the families is known to exist.
Marriage.
Matilda married Engelbert III of Istria. Her husband witnessed the granting of the "Privilegium Minus" creating the Duchy of Austria. They had four children:

</doc>
<doc id="19801702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801702" title="Karl Jäckel">
Karl Jäckel

Karl Jäckel (20 December 1913, Gladbeck, Westphalia – 7 December 1984, Neubrandenburg) was a German U-boat coxswain in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.

</doc>
<doc id="19801704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801704" title="Jingning">
Jingning

Jingning may refer to two counties of the People's Republic of China:

</doc>
<doc id="19801724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801724" title="Anding">
Anding

Anding may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19801775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801775" title="Larry Roeseler">
Larry Roeseler

Larry Roeseler is a professional off-road racer in motorcycle and Trophy Truck classes. He is a 10-time overall winner of the Baja 1000, 12-time overall winner of the Baja 500 and a 10-time gold medalist in the International Six Days Enduro. He has spent the past 25 years racing in numerous off-road circuits, including SCORE/Tecate Baja series and Best In The Desert series. Roeseler also has numerous A.M.A. off-road titles including National Hare and Hound and National enduro championships.
Racing career.
1980s.
Roeseler won his first Baja 1000 in 1976, riding a Husqvarna to victory with Mitch Mayes. He became a member of the Kawasaki factory racing team in 1987. In 2006, he returned to Kawasaki’s Team Green program where he was involved with testing of future off-road products, public relations for high-profile off-road events and will serve as a media contact for off-road publications.
1990s.
Roeseler retired from motorcycle racing in 1994 and continues to race sophisticated off-road cars in the SCORE Baja 1000 and Baja 500 events. Roeseler was recognized for his many motorcycling achievements in 1999 by being inducted into the American Motorcyclist Association Motorcycle Hall of Fame.
2000s.
In 2007, Roeseler drove the Terrible Herbst Truggy to win the 2007 Baja 250.
Norman Motorsports.
In 2008 Roeseler joined Larry Ragland and Rhys Millen on the Norman Motorsports team as co-driver of Trophy Truck #8. In September 2008, Roeseler won his second Trophy Truck race with a 10 minute lead for the Overall Win at the Primm 300 driving the first three of four laps in the #8 Norman Motorsports Ford F-150 race truck, capturing the overall and SCORE Trophy Truck victory at the 13th Annual SCORE Terrible’s Primm 300 desert race.
Personal life.
Larry Roeseler currently lives in Boulevard, California . He has been seen racing motorcycles occasionally in AMA D-38 Desert Racing events and continues to race Trophy Trucks in Baja.
Film Credits.
Roeseler was featured in Dana Brown's 2004 Film of the Baja 1000, 'Dust to Glory'.

</doc>
<doc id="19801782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801782" title="Matt Smith (actor)">
Matt Smith (actor)

Matthew Robert "Matt" Smith (born 28 October 1982) is an English actor and director. He is best known for his role as the eleventh incarnation of the Doctor in the British television series "Doctor Who", for which he received a BAFTA Award nomination in 2011.
Smith initially aspired to be a professional footballer, but spondylosis forced him out of the sport. After joining the National Youth Theatre and studying Drama and Creative Writing at the University of East Anglia, he became an actor in 2003, performing in plays like "Murder in the Cathedral", "Fresh Kills", "The History Boys" and "On the Shore of the Wide World" in London theatres. Extending his repertoire into West End theatre, he has since performed in the stage adaptation of "Swimming with Sharks" with Christian Slater, followed a year later by a critically acclaimed performance as Henry in "That Face".
Before his role in "Doctor Who", Smith's first television role came in 2006 as Jim Taylor in the BBC adaptations of Philip Pullman's "The Ruby in the Smoke" and "The Shadow in the North" while his first major role in television came as Danny in the 2007 BBC series "Party Animals". Smith, who was announced as the eleventh incarnation of the Doctor in January 2009, is the youngest person to play the character in the British television series. He left the series at the end of the 2013 Christmas Day special, "The Time of the Doctor".
Early life.
Smith was born and brought up in Northampton, Northamptonshire. He attended Northampton School for Boys. He had planned to be a professional football player, having played for the youth teams of Northampton Town, Nottingham Forest, and Leicester City. After a serious back injury ruined this career, his drama teacher introduced him to acting by signing him up as the tenth juror in an adaptation of "Twelve Angry Men" without his consent. Although he took part in the play, he refused to attend a drama festival for which his teacher had also signed him up, as he saw himself as a football player and did not view acting as socially acceptable. His drama teacher persisted, and eventually persuaded him to join the National Youth Theatre in London.
After leaving school, Smith studied drama and creative writing at the University of East Anglia, graduating in 2005. His first theatre roles as part of the National Youth Theatre were Thomas Becket in "Murder in the Cathedral" and Basoon in "The Master and Margarita". His role in the latter earned him an agent and his first professional jobs, "Fresh Kills" and "On the Shore of the Wide World". His new professional roles led him to seek an agreement with his university so that he could graduate without attending lectures in his final year.
Career.
Television.
Smith's first television role was as Jim Taylor in the BBC adaptations of the "Sally Lockhart" quartet books "The Ruby in the Smoke" and "The Shadow in the North". His first major television role came in the television series "Party Animals", a BBC television drama series about fictional parliamentary advisors and researchers in Westminster. In "Party Animals", Smith portrays Danny Foster, a parliamentary researcher to Jo Porter (Raquel Cassidy), a Labour politician and junior Home Office minister. At 26 years old, Danny is described as an intelligent but timid "politics geek" who should have moved on from researching at his age. Within the series' narrative, he attempts to balance his affections for Kirsty MacKenzie (Andrea Riseborough), his intern, while trying to prevent Porter's imminent decline.
In an interview in 2007, Smith discussed his character's motivations. He summarised Danny as having a romantic outlook of the political world while being cynical elsewhere. The character was drawn into politics by his father and his own political drive. He defended his character's age by characterising him as being loyal to Porter, instead of being incompetent. He talked about his character's emotional and intellectual maturity: emotionally, he lacks confidence around women—most notably seen with his unrequited love towards Kirsty—but Smith portrays Danny as a caring and sensitive but "wry, sarcastic, witty" romantic; and intellectually, Danny is portrayed as attentive and possessing a strong work ethic.
"Doctor Who".
Smith was revealed as the Eleventh Doctor in the British science-fiction television series "Doctor Who" in January 2009 to replace David Tennant, who announced his departure in October 2008. Smith was a relatively unknown actor compared to the actors then speculated about possibly taking on the role, who included Paterson Joseph, David Morrissey, Sean Pertwee, James Nesbitt, Russell Tovey, Catherine Zeta-Jones, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Robert Carlyle and Billie Piper. Smith was first named as a possible successor less than a day before he was announced as the Eleventh Doctor, on 3 January 2009 edition of "BBC Breakfast" among the names speculated about. His obscurity prompted the news headline "Doctor Who?", a riff on the show's title.
Smith was one of the earliest actors to audition for the role, performing on the first day. The production team, consisting of the incoming producer, Steven Moffat, and BBC Wales Head of Drama and executive producer, Piers Wenger, immediately singled him out based on his performance. Smith additionally auditioned for the role of John Watson in the Moffat-created "Sherlock", undergoing auditions at the same time; he was unsuccessful, as Moffat believed his eccentric acting style was closer to Holmes, whose role had already been given to Benedict Cumberbatch. At 26 years old, Smith was three years younger than Peter Davison was at the time of his casting as the Doctor in 1981, and younger than any other actor suggested for the role. After three weeks of auditions, Moffat and Wenger agreed that it had "always been Matt" and approached him to accept the role. The BBC were cautious about casting him because they felt that a 26-year-old could not play the Doctor adequately; Wenger shared the same sentiment but thought Smith had proven his acting quality in "Party Animals", which Wenger thought highlighted Smith's "mercurial qualities". Some fans of the show believed that Smith was inexperienced and too young for the role, while others supported him by citing his demonstrated acting ability. For his performance in his first series he was nominated in the Outstanding Drama Performance
Category of the National Television Awards. Smith is the first Doctor to be nominated for a BAFTA for Best Actor. 
Smith has said of his character: "The Doctor is excited and fascinated by the tiniest of things. By everything. By every single thing. That's what's wonderful about him as a character. It's why children like him, I think. Because he doesn't dismiss anything. He's not cynical. He's open to every single facet of the universe." In June 2010, Smith appeared on stage with Orbital, and performed with them a version of the "Doctor Who" theme, at the Glastonbury Festival. Smith hosted the "Doctor Who" Prom at the Royal Albert Hall on 24–25 July 2010. On the morning of 26 May 2012, Smith carried the Olympic torch in Cardiff, an activity which was noted by "Doctor Who" fans for its resemblance to a 2006 episode of the show in which the Doctor carried the torch. On 1 June 2013, the BBC announced that Smith would be leaving "Doctor Who" at the end of the 2013 Christmas special.
Film.
Smith appeared in a deleted scene of the 2007 film "In Bruges", playing a younger version of Ralph Fiennes' character. He starred in the 2009 short film "Together" and the 2010 film "Womb". In February 2013, it was reported that Smith had signed up to appear in Ryan Gosling's directorial debut "How to Catch a Monster". Smith's directorial debut, the short film "Cargese", was aired on Sky Arts in May 2013.
Theatre.
During Smith's tenure in "On the Shore of the Wide World", the play transferred to the Royal National Theatre in London. After finishing the play, he took on the role of Lockwood, a pupil in the Alan Bennett play "The History Boys". After "The History Boys", he would act in the teen play "Burn/Chatroom/Citizenship" and "Swimming with Sharks"; the latter being his West End début, with Christian Slater. In 2007, Smith appeared as Henry in the critically acclaimed Polly Stenham play "That Face" at the Royal Court Theatre Upstairs in Chelsea. The play transferred to the Duke of York's Theatre in the West End in 2008 and became Smith's second role there. "That Face" focuses primarily upon alcohol and drug addiction in an upper-middle-class family after the paternal figure in the family leaves. As Henry, Smith portrayed an aspiring artist who left school to take care of his mother. To prepare for the role, the cast interviewed alcoholics and their families. Smith discussed his character's relationship with his mother in an interview with the "Evening Standard".
The entire cast of the play was nominated for the 2008 Laurence Olivier Award for Outstanding Achievement in an Affiliate Theatre, and Smith won the Evening Standard's award for "best newcomer" for his role. Upon its transfer to the West End, Smith's performance as Henry was highlighted as one of the positive aspects of the play by critics for the "Evening Standard", "Daily Express", "The Guardian", and "The Times".
On 7 October 2013, it was announced Smith would portray Patrick Bateman in the musical adaption of "American Psycho" at London's Almeida Theatre. The show will begin its run in December.
Personal life.
Smith is an atheist and an avid Blackburn Rovers supporter. He has cited his favourite band, Radiohead, as an inspiration. His sister, Laura Jayne, was one of the dancers featured in the music video for the 2004 Eric Prydz song "Call on Me".

</doc>
<doc id="19801795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801795" title="Diocese of Brandon">
Diocese of Brandon

The Diocese of Brandon is a diocese of the Ecclesiastical Province of Rupert's Land of the Anglican Church of Canada. It has an area of 65,000 square miles. The current Bishop is Jim Njegovan. Its cathedral is in Brandon.

</doc>
<doc id="19801810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801810" title="Diocese of Caledonia">
Diocese of Caledonia

The Diocese of Caledonia is a diocese of the Ecclesiastical Province of British Columbia and the Yukon of the Anglican Church of Canada.
Early missionary leaders who served in this diocese include Bishop William Ridley and James Benjamin McCullagh.
In 1977 the diocese published The Nishga Liturgy for Nisga'a Anglicans.

</doc>
<doc id="19801815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801815" title="Diocese of Cariboo">
Diocese of Cariboo

The Diocese of Cariboo was a diocese of the Ecclesiastical Province of British Columbia and the Yukon of the Anglican Church of Canada. Incorporated in 1914, the diocese ceased operations on December 31, 2001 after being forced into bankruptcy when the financial strain of legal costs associated with damage suits brought by former students of the Anglican-run St George’s Indian Residential School in Lytton, B.C., exhausted the diocese financially.
The parishes of the former Diocese of Cariboo are now the Anglican Parishes of the Central Interior and are overseen by a Suffragan Bishop to the Metropolitan. The Rt. Rev. Barbara Andrews, formerly Director of the Sorrento Retreat and Conference Centre in British Columbia, was elected Suffragan Bishop for the APCI on 30 June 2009 in succession to Bishop Gordon Light who served from 2004-2008. Bishop Andrews was consecrated at St Paul's Cathedral, Kamloops, on October 18, 2009.
The future organisational arrangements for the Anglican Parishes of the Central Interior are under investigation by the new bishop, who has identified a clear desire for autonomy on the part of the constituent parishes while appreciating the controversial nature of the re-establishment of a diocesan model.
Bishops of the Diocese of Cariboo.
From 1914 to 1925 the diocesan was the Right Rev. Adam de Pencier, Bishop of Cariboo with New Westminster, until a sufficient endowment was raised for the election of the 1st Bishop of Cariboo.
Source: Archives of the Diocese of Cariboo

</doc>
<doc id="19801824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801824" title="Diocese of Kootenay">
Diocese of Kootenay

The Diocese of Kootenay is a diocese of the Ecclesiastical Province of British Columbia and the Yukon of the Anglican Church of Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19801827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801827" title="Aethalura punctulata">
Aethalura punctulata

The Grey Birch, Aethalura punctulata, is a moth of the family Geometridae. The species can be found in Europe.
The wingspan is 30–35 mm. The moths flies from March to July depending on the location.
The caterpillars feed on birch.

</doc>
<doc id="19801831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801831" title="Mick Aldous">
Mick Aldous

Mick Aldous is an Australian former Canberra Raiders rugby league player and representative coach of French national rugby league team.
Playing career.
Raised in Nowra, New South Wales Aldous attended St Joseph's College, Hunters Hill in Sydney and played in the school's rugby union First XV in 1977 & 1978 at five-eighth. He represented at GPS level in both those years and in a New South Wales Schoolboy side in 1978. He was also a prodigious schoolboy cricketer captaining St Joseph's, GPS and NSW schoolboy representative cricket XIs in 1978/79 before a career in first grade cricket for the Waverley club in Sydney, as a wicketkeeper batsman.
His professional rugby league career was with the Canberra Raiders. He made twenty-five first grade appearances between 1984 and 1985 as a versatile back at center, wing & fullback.
Post playing.
After playing retirement Aldous became an Australian Schoolboys coach in rugby league and took a job as a Development Officer with the NSWRL.
In 2004, Aldous moved to France as a coaching consultant to the French Rugby League Federation. In November 2004, he coached France to a competitive 52-30 loss to the Kangaroos and a 24-20 loss to the Kiwis in Carcassonne.
He has worked as a Recruitment Coordinator for the Canberra Raiders and in teaching Designing and Technology at selective high school Sydney Boys High School where he was also involved coaching cricket and rugby.

</doc>
<doc id="19801832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801832" title="Anglican Diocese of Saskatoon">
Anglican Diocese of Saskatoon

The Diocese of Saskatoon is a diocese of the Ecclesiastical Province of Rupert's Land of the Anglican Church of Canada. Its territory is a band across the middle of the province of Saskatchewan. It was separated from the Anglican Diocese of Saskatchewan in 1933. The motto of the diocese is "Sursum Corda - Lift up your hearts", a phrase from the service of Holy Communion. The cathedral church is St.John the Evangelist, built in 1912. Like many main line churches, the diocese continues to close parishes and churches, both rural and urban, and is serving an aging population. Many rural parishes are multi-point charges.
Bishops.
Previous bishops were bishops of Anglican Diocese of Saskatchewan, Bishop Hallam continued after 1933 as bishop of Saskatoon.

</doc>
<doc id="19801841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801841" title="Diocese of Yukon">
Diocese of Yukon

The Anglican Diocese of Yukon is a diocese of the Ecclesiastical Province of British Columbia and Yukon of the Anglican Church of Canada. It comprises 15 congregations serving 24 communities in the Yukon and parts of northern British Columbia.
The Diocese was formed in 1890 when the Diocese of Mackenzie River was divided. Originally the Diocese of Selkirk, the name of the diocese was changed to Yukon in 1907.
The diocesan bishop since 1995 has been the Rt. Rev. Terrence Buckle, who was also Metropolitan of the Province of British Columbia and Yukon from 2005-2009. In November 2007 Buckle announced his intention to retire at the end of 2008 but following an inconclusive election synod postponed his retirement plans. He will now retire in August 2010.
On May 15, 2010, the Rt. Rev. Lawrence Robertson, since 1999 suffragan bishop in the western region of the Diocese of the Arctic, was elected 11th bishop of Yukon. He will be installed at Christ Church Cathedral in Whitehorse on September 18, 2010.
In January 2009, Bishop Ronald Ferris, the 9th bishop of the Diocese of Yukon (1981-1995) and subsequently bishop of Algoma (1995-2008) resigned from the Anglican Church of Canada to continue as a bishop in the Anglican Network in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19801845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801845" title="EUPHIX">
EUPHIX

The objective of the European Union Public Health Information and Knowledge system (EUPHIX project) is to develop a sustainable system to integrate and present public health information and knowledge for policy makers, academics and public health specialists at a European, national and regional level. Its objectives are to deliver a technical web system, publishing protocols and an expert network, all facilitating the production and regular updates of data presentations and text for the [www.EUPHIX.org] website. It is publicly accessible and has ‘deep links’ to the Public Health-EU portal. It serves as an information & knowledge exchange platform, but also as an example of how public health information can be presented in a dynamic and interactive fashion.
Completed topics are addressed with comprehensive texts & data which have been written and reviewed by public health experts. Technically the system is equipped to present text with interactive links to sources, maps, graphs, tables, detail pages, definitions and other relevant web-pages. The editing process is described in publishing protocols. A growing number of experts are active as authors and reviewers. Reports on broader topics have been developed in collaboration with other EU funded health projects.
The project proved that within a limited amount of time, a totally new communication system for public health knowledge can be established. At this point the number of users is growing. The system shows the feasibility of a system that can be continuously updated and expanded to fulfill urgent policy needs.

</doc>
<doc id="19801849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801849" title="Those Who Walk Away">
Those Who Walk Away

Those Who Walk Away (1967) is a psychological thriller novel by Patricia Highsmith.
Synopsis.
When Ray Garrett's new wife kills herself on their honeymoon, he persuades the initially suspicious Rome police that he's innocent of any wrongdoing over the death. However, his father-in-law, the brutish Ed Coleman, is convinced Ray killed her and shoots Ray, leaving him for dead. He survives and, desperate to prove himself, follows Coleman to Venice, where a deadly game of cat-and-mouse ensues, with Coleman still seeking justice and Garrett a clear conscience.
Reviews.
"Illuminating - and always compelling, Highsmith keeps moving, darting in and out of our field of vision, making afterimages that will tremble - but stay - in our minds." - "New York Times" 

</doc>
<doc id="19801850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801850" title="Callopistria juventina">
Callopistria juventina

The Latin "(Callopistria juventina)" is a moth of the family Noctuidae. The species can be found in the Palearctic ecozone.
The wingspan is 34–38 mm. The moths flies from June to July depending on the location.
The caterpillars feed on "Pteridium aquilinum".

</doc>
<doc id="19801854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801854" title="Ilarion Dragostinov">
Ilarion Dragostinov

Ilarion Ivanov Dragostinov (; c. 1852–10 May 1876), nicknamed Arbanascheto (Арбанасчето, "The Arbanasi Boy") was a Bulgarian revolutionary and an important figure in the organization and direction of the anti-Ottoman April Uprising of 1876.
Dragostinov was born in Arbanasi, once a rich merchant's village near Veliko Tarnovo, around 1852. His father was the Elena frieze dealer Ivan Dragostinov and his mother was the daughter of the eminent Arbanasi merchant Panayot Anastasoglu. As Greek influence in Arbanasi was still strong at the time, Ilarion studied at the local Greek-language school. In 1868, he finished the head class school for boys in Tarnovo; besides Greek and Bulgarian, he also learned French and Turkish and later Romanian, Italian and German. In Tarnovo, Dragostinov joined the Bulgarian patriotic circles and endorsed armed struggle against the Ottoman oppression.
In 1868, Dragostinov moved to Ruse and became close with the leaders of the Zora ("Dawn") community centre ("chitalishte"), active promoters of revolution and enlightenment. He was an opponent of the Greek influence in the city and even participated in the burning of the building which was supposed to house the local Greek church. In Rousse, Dragostinov opened his own broker's firm and worked with merchants from Istanbul (Tsarigrad), Vienna, Bucharest, Galaţi, Odessa, Giurgiu and cities in the Bulgarian lands. A respected and well-educated merchant, Dragostinov dedicated himself to revolutionary work. In 1871, he took part in the establishment of the Ruse revolutionary committee; in order to have a more active contribution to its doings, he abandoned his office and became an agent and telegraph operator with the Ruse railway station. As a railway worker Dragostinov assisted his fellow revolutionaries' flight to Romania; he also followed Ottoman telegraph orders and notified the committee. In 1872, he was sent by the Rousse committee to Bucharest as their envoy to the Bulgarian Revolutionary Central Committee's general assembly.
In 1874, he was sent to Shumen to restore the local committee, in decline after Panayot Volov's imprisonment and flight. However, he was unsuccessful and returned to Rousse; betrayed shortly thereafter, he escaped to nearby Wallachia. At an assembly of the Giurgiu Revolutionary Committee in December 1875 he was elected the apostle of the future uprising's Second Revolutionary District, based in Sliven. He arrived in Svishtov on 21 March, took his leave of his relatives in Arbanasi and arrived in the Sliven region to head the district. As the uprising broke out prematurely in Panagyurishte amidst arrests, only a few locals followed Dragostinov and formed a revolutionary band in the Sliven Balkan Mountains on 3 May. His band joined that of Stoil Voyvoda; the band was crushed by an Ottoman pursuit party. Although Dragostinov managed to escape with a small group of people, they were ambushed by another party at the Vratnik Pass near Kotel, where Dragostinov died in combat on 10 May 1876.

</doc>
<doc id="19801870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801870" title="William Holland, 1st Baron Rotherham">
William Holland, 1st Baron Rotherham

William Henry Holland, 1st Baron Rotherham (15 December 1849 – 26 December 1927) was a British industrialist and Liberal politician.
He was the second son of William Holland, a cotton spinner of Higher Broughton, near Manchester. In 1872 he became a partner in the family business Messrs William Holland and Sons. He became prominent in the industry, becoming chairman or president of the Fine Cotton Spinners and Doublers Association, the Textile Institute, the Machinery Users' Association and the Manchester Chamber of Commerce.
He became involved in liberal politics, and for ten years was an alderman on Manchester City Council. In the 1892 general election he stood as member of parliament for Salford North, winning the seat from the Conservatives by a narrow majority. In the 1895 general election the situation was reversed, when he lost the seat by six votes to the Conservative candidate, Frederick Platt-Higgins.
Holland returned to the Commons in 1899, when he won a by-election at Rotherham caused by the resignation of Arthur Acland. He was knighted in 1902 and made a Baronet, of Queen's Gate in the Royal Borough of Kensington in 1907. He was a member of a number of parliamentary and other governmental committees including the Indian Currency Committee, the Advisory Committee on Commercial Intelligence and the Committee on Joint Stock Companies. From 1908 - 1910 was acting Chairman of Ways and Means. He was also a commissioner for the international exhibitions held in Paris in 1900, Milan in 1906 and Brussels in 1910.
He retained the Rotherham seat at successive general elections, up to and including that held in January 1910. However, he chose to step down from parliament in February 1910 to allow J A Pease, who had lost his seat at Saffron Walden, to be return to parliament at a by-election.
In July 1910 Holland was raised to the Peerage of the United Kingdom as Baron Rotherham of Broughton, in the County of Lancaster. He also received the freedom of the Borough of Rotherham.
He had disposed of William Holland and Sons in 1898, and with the moneys received had made a number of unwise investments in Chinese mines and railways and Japanese bonds. In 1917 Lord Rotherham became insolvent, and was forced to make a settlement with his creditors.
William Holland married Mary Lund in 1874, and they had one son; Stuart Lund Holland, born in 1876. His wife converted to Roman Catholicism in 1905, and he followed suit in 1922.
Lord Rotherham died at his residence in Rottingdean, Sussex in December 1927, aged 78.

</doc>
<doc id="19801890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801890" title="Dypterygia scabriuscula">
Dypterygia scabriuscula

The Bird’s Wing "(Dypterygia scabriuscula)" is a moth of the family Noctuidae. The species can be found in Europe and Western Asia.
The wingspan is 32–37 mm. The moths flies from April to August depending on the location.
The caterpillars feed on Rumex and Polygonum aviculare.

</doc>
<doc id="19801916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801916" title="Eupithecia inturbata">
Eupithecia inturbata

The Maple Pug "(Eupithecia inturbata)" is a moth of the family Geometridae. The species can be found in central Europe, Great Britain and southern Scandinavia.
The wingspan is 13–15 mm. The moths flies from July to August depending on the location.
The caterpillars feed on "Acer campestris".

</doc>
<doc id="19801927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801927" title="Ricci Crisostomo">
Ricci Crisostomo

Ricci Crisostomo (born November 29, 1975) is a Filipino television and film actor who hails from Marikina City, Manila and his real name is Richard C Crisostomo.
Crisostomo has worked in the television industry for more than 10 years, both and making appearances in front of the camera, including his eye was featured in the show Darna and Majika, and he has made appearances on shows such as Boys Nxt Door, SRO Cinemaserye and more.
Biography.
Early life.
Born Richard C Crisostomo to Milagros Cleofas Crisostomo and Rosauro Crisostomo, he was a first-born child. A few years later his little sister Maria Romina Crisostomo was born, followed by his little brother John Rosauro Crisostomo.
Crisostomo attended school in Parang Marikina city and later attended college at Roosevelt College.
References.
Richard Crisostomo on IMDB - Richard Crisostomo IMDB Page

</doc>
<doc id="19801939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801939" title="M. Bhaskaran">
M. Bhaskaran

M. Bhaskaran is an Indian politician, belonging to the Communist Party of India (Marxist). M. Bhaskaran is the mayor of Kozhikode. He's a member of the Kozhikode District Committee of CPI(M). He is from a small village Karaparamba in Kozhikode.

</doc>
<doc id="19801950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801950" title="Eupithecia plumbeolata">
Eupithecia plumbeolata

The Lead-coloured Pug "(Eupithecia plumbeolata)" is a moth of the family Geometridae. The species can be found in Europe.
The wingspan is 14–15 mm. The moth flies from May to June depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Melampyrum pratense".

</doc>
<doc id="19801992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801992" title="Codex Tischendorfianus I">
Codex Tischendorfianus I

Codex Tischendorfianus I, designated by Uncial 0106 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 40 (Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament on parchment. It is dated palaeographically to the 7th-century. The manuscript is fragmentary.
Description.
The codex contains a small part of the Gospel of Matthew 12:17-19.23-25; 13:32; 13:36-15:26 on five elegant parchment leaves ( by ). It is written in one column per page, 20 lines per page, in large uncial letters. The writing is elegant, it uses breathings and accents. The letters are leaned into right.
The text is divided according to the κεφαλαια ("chapters"). There is also another division according to the smaller Ammonian Sections, with references to the Eusebian Canons.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 7th-century.
The manuscript was brought by Constantin von Tischendorf in 1845 and in 1853 from Sinai. Tischendorf edited its text in "Monumenta sacra inedita".
The codex is divided, and located in three places: 
Uncial 0119.
From the same manuscript originated other four leaves now catalogued as Uncial 0119. It was discovered by J. Rendel Harris at Sinai, who examined it.
Hermann von Soden designed it as ε 63. It is still housed in the Saint Catherine's Monastery (Sinai Harris 8, 56,8 ff.) at Sinai peninsula. 
The Greek text of this codex is a mixture of text-type. Aland placed it in Category III.

</doc>
<doc id="19801994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19801994" title="Log Cabin Motel (Pinedale, Wyoming)">
Log Cabin Motel (Pinedale, Wyoming)

The Log Cabin Motel, also known as Camp O' The Pines in Pinedale, Wyoming, United States, was built in 1929 as a cabin camp to serve growing numbers of automobile-borne tourists bound for Yellowstone National Park. The camp was owned by Walter Scott, who operated the Pinedale Cash Store. Contrary to the name, Scott allowed customers to buy on credit, and some worked off their credit by building cabins at Camp O' The Pines. Unlike many auto camps, the camp was open year round, with cabins often rented by the month by local people. 
The seven cabins were arranged in a semicircle around a residence and a bath house. Indoor plumbing was added to the cabins in the 1930s and '40's. The residence and bath house were converted into cabins, and a matching cabin was added in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19802003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802003" title="Holoptychiidae">
Holoptychiidae

Holoptychiidae is an extinct family of lobe-finned fishes which lived during the Devonian period. At least one genus, "Laccognathus", is thought to have been amphibious.

</doc>
<doc id="19802013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802013" title="Harry MacQuestion">
Harry MacQuestion

Harold "Harry" MacQuestion (March 2, 1918 – February 1987) was a career minor pro hockey goalie. In 1950 Terry Sawchuk had played 7 games as injuries replacement for goalie Harry Lumley. Sawchuk was not available for the playoffs, because he was helping AHL - Indianapolis Capitals - win the Calder Cup. Instead, Harry MacQuestion was called up as the spare goalie for the playoffs. MacQuestion never played a single NHL game, but his name was engraved on the cup with 1950 Detroit Red Wings. When the Stanley Cup was redone during 1957-58 season MacQuestion's name was left off the cup. His name can be still be seen on the original ring at the Hockey Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="19802015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802015" title="Jalan Bukit Goh">
Jalan Bukit Goh

Jalan Bukit Goh, Federal route is a federal road in Pahang, Malaysia.
Features.
Notable features.
At most section, the Federal Route 1486 was built under the JKR R5 road standard, allowing maximum speed limit of up to 90 km/h.

</doc>
<doc id="19802022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802022" title="Weston Woods Studios">
Weston Woods Studios

Weston Woods Studios (or simply Weston Woods) is a production company that makes audio and short films based on well-known books for children. It was founded in 1953 by Morton Schindel in Weston, Connecticut, and named after the wooded area near his home. The company's first project was "Andy and the Lion" in 1954, and its first animated film was "The Snowy Day" in 1963. Starting in 1968, Weston Woods began a long collaboration with animator Gene Deitch and opened international offices in Henley-on-Thames, England, UK, in 1972; Canada in 1975; and Australia in 1977. In addition to making the films, the company also conducted interviews with the writers, illustrators, and makers of the films. The films appeared on children's television programs such as "Captain Kangaroo" and "Eureeka's Castle". In the mid-1980s, the films were released on VHS under the "Children's Circle" titles, and Wood Knapp Video distributed these releases from 1988 to 1995.
Beginning in 1968, the company also made filmstrips and audio recordings synchronized to them, which became known as the Picture Book Parade. Many of these recordings were narrated by actor Owen Jordan and were different recordings from the films.
In 1996, the company was acquired by Scholastic Corporation. In 2012, the New Video Group gave home entertainment rights to the Scholastic franchise.

</doc>
<doc id="19802033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802033" title="Four Tops' Second Album">
Four Tops' Second Album

"Four Tops' Second Album (also known as Second Album") is a 1965 R&B studio album by vocal quartet the Four Tops. The album, released on the Motown record label, reached No. 3 on Billboard's "Black Albums" chart and No. 20 on "Pop Albums". The album contained three hit singles. "I Can't Help Myself (Sugar Pie, Honey Bunch)" reached No. 1 on both the "Black Singles" and "Pop Singles" charts, while "It's The Same Old Song" was No. 2 and No. 5 respectively, and "Something About You" reached No. 9 and No. 19. In 1990, Motown bundled the Four Tops first two albums together in a release entitled "Four Tops/Four Tops Second Album".
Track listing.
"Except where otherwise noted, all songs composed by Brian Holland, Lamont Dozier, and Eddie Holland."

</doc>
<doc id="19802034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802034" title="Rikki og mændene">
Rikki og mændene

Rikki og mændene is a 1962 Danish drama film directed by Lau Lauritzen, Jr. and Lisbeth Movin and starring Ghita Nørby.

</doc>
<doc id="19802047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802047" title="Chanson d'aventure">
Chanson d'aventure

The chanson d'aventure () is a genre of medieval poetry originating in France, but which had a substantial influence on poetry in Middle English.
Structure.
The "chanson d'aventure" (plural "chansons d'aventure") is essentially a framing device, where the singer (or poet) wanders into a wild or rural setting and has a chance encounter, usually in the form of a dialogue; it originates in Old French lyrics usually with an erotic or amorous theme. Sometimes, the "chanson" may focus on an overheard dialogue, or lover's complaint. In either way, the chief feature is that of a chance encounter. It likely evolved from two earlier "chanson" subtypes, the "chanson dramatique" and the "chanson pastourelle".
Poets in Middle English adopted the trope for themes other than love, often making the debate's focus a moral or devotional one. The genre shares many common features with the dream vision, although with the important distinction that the poet does not fall alseep.

</doc>
<doc id="19802058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802058" title="Heinrich Praßdorf">
Heinrich Praßdorf

Heinrich "Heinz" Praßdorff (7 December 1918 – 8 November 2000) was a German U-boat machinist in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (). The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership. He was born and died in Rostock.

</doc>
<doc id="19802071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802071" title="Extè">
Extè

Extè is an Italian fashion clothing brand introduced in 1996 by IT Holding Group. The company sells youth ready-to-wear clothing and fashion accessories. Creative director for the brand has been held by: Antonio Berardi, Sergio Ciucci and Alessandro De Benedetti.

</doc>
<doc id="19802077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802077" title="Billie Wayne Lemons">
Billie Wayne Lemons

Billie Wayne Lemons (July 9, 1955 – October 12, 2008) was a Church of Christ minister from Lubbock, Texas, who played football for the NFL Cleveland Browns in 1977, when the team won six and lost eight games.
Lemons was born to Wayne H. Lemons (born 1937) and Verlene Lemons in Tyler, the seat of Smith County in East Texas. He was reared in Pampa, the seat of Gray County in the Texas Panhandle, where he graduated in 1973 from Pampa High School. From 1973 to 1977, he attended Texas A&M University in College Station on a football scholarship. Lemons made the second team All-Southwest Conference and was honorable mention for two years as an All-American. TAMU was Southwestern Conference champions in 1976, his senior year on the team. Thereafter, he played for a season in Cleveland. Lemons received degrees in psychology and sociology.
Lemons proclaimed his conversion to Jesus Christ at the age of eight, and he was called to the ministry in 1972, while he was still in high school. He was also a certified paraprofessional while working in the schools in Pampa and Borger with physical and mentally handicapped children who have violent tendencies. At TAMU, he was active in "Aggies for Christ" and went on mission trips to Hawaii, Thailand, and Japan.
From 1978 to 1981, Lemons attended Sunset International Bible Institute in Lubbock under minister Cline Paden. At the time of his death, Lemons had been in ministry for thirty-three years and was the pulpit minister and evangelist at the 20th and Birch Church of Christ in Lubbock. His father, Wayne, has been preaching since 1961 and is based at Plainview, the seat of Hale County north of Lubbock. His brother, Frankie L. Lemons, has been in the ministry for thirteen years. His widow, Janet Conaway Lemons, is a certified pharmacy technician who holds a bachelor's degree in social work. She is employed at the Children's Home in Lubbock, where she is a recruiter of foster care and adoption.
Lemons also addressed civic groups. In 2006, he keynoted the Martin Luther King ceremony at South Plains College in Levelland, the seat of Hockley County west of Lubbock. Lemons stressed that King did not want people to be judged by their looks, backgrounds, or wealth, but by the content of their character.
Lemons had two sons, Devin (and wife Nicole) and Kolin, who was adopted after birth in 2005. At the time of his death, the Lemonses had been since 2006 the house parents of fourteen children in a therapeutic cottage. Lemons was involved in a ministry to mentor and teach parenting skills to teenage mothers. In addition to his wife, sons, brother, and parents, Lemons was survived by a daughter; two grandsons, Gabriel and Christopher Lemons, and his father and mother-in-law, Jessie, Sr., and Dorothy Conaway. Services were held on October 17, 2008, at Broadway Church of Christ in downtown Lubbock. Interment was at the City of Lubbock Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="19802086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802086" title="Glyptolepis">
Glyptolepis

Glyptolepis is an extinct genus of porolepiform lobe-finned fish which lived during Devonian period.

</doc>
<doc id="19802099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802099" title="Dronningens vagtmester">
Dronningens vagtmester

Dronningens vagtmester is a 1963 Danish drama film based on the novel of the same name by Carit Etlar. It was directed by Johan Jacobsen and starring Poul Reichhardt. It followed the 1961 film "Gøngehøvdingen".

</doc>
<doc id="19802102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802102" title="Jalan Bukit Kuantan">
Jalan Bukit Kuantan

Jalan Bukit Kuantan, Federal route is a federal road in Pahang, Malaysia.
Features.
Notable features.
At most section, the Federal Route 1487 was built under the JKR R5 road standard, allowing maximum speed limit of up to 90 km/h.

</doc>
<doc id="19802105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802105" title="Brest Arsenal">
Brest Arsenal

The Brest Arsenal (French - "arsenal de Brest") is a collection of naval and military buildings located on the banks of the river Penfeld, in Brest, France. It is located at .
History.
Quays, locks and jetties.
Penfeld quays.
The Penfeld, within the military enclosure, is almost wholly lined with quays, but ships cannot come directly alongside these quays because of heads of rock that are left exposed at low tide. That's why floating stages are moored fore and aft, mainly on the left bank, to make up "postes" where some “small” ships can come alongside and use some installations such as the large crane.
Little used upstream of the Pont de Recouvrance, downstream of this bridge these "postes" nevertheless serve the old sailing ships of the Navy, the tugboats and other support boats of the arsenal, and "transrades", passenger ships which provide a service across the roadstead ("rade de Brest") between Brest and the Crozon peninsula (Île Longue, École Navale)
Armament quay and oblique quay.
e dépôt des équipages de la flotte) et celui des Capucins. 
La levée de Pontaniou est un "pont-digue" à quatre niveaux, long de 58 mètres, large de 10,5 mètres et haut de 20 mètres. Il permet le passage des eaux du vallon de Pontaniou en sous-sol, soutient une chaussée routière en terrasse (actuellement la rue de Pontaniou), servait de magasin d'entreposage pour le matériel utile aux radoubs effectués dans les formes voisines : matériel de calfatage, brai, goudron, résine, soufre…, et de bâtiment de bureaux. Il constituait anciennement une entrée à l'Arsenal, via la rue de Saint-Malo qui descend le vallon de Pontaniou, ou via l'enclos de la Madeleine, et deux rampes sur arcatures, situées de part et d'autre de la levée, menaient vers chacun des deux plateaux bordant l'anse.
Ce bâtiment a été conçu en 1806 par Tarbé de Vauxclairs, directeur des Travaux Maritimes, et construit par Trouille, son successeur, entre 1807 et 1809. Il n'a été que peu modifié depuis, a échappé aux vicissitudes de la guerre et réhabilité en 2000 préalablement aux manifestations nautiques de Brest 2000.
Ouvrages divers.
Pont transbordeur.
Un pont transbordeur fut récupéré à Bizerte et installé à Brest en 1909 au-dessus de la Penfeld à peu près à l'emplacement actuel du pont de l'Harteloire. Endommagé en 1944, il fut détruit en 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="19802140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802140" title="385th Air Expeditionary Group">
385th Air Expeditionary Group

The 385th Air Expeditionary Group is a provisional United States Air Force unit assigned to Air Mobility Command to activate or inactivate as needed. It was last known to be stationed at Incirlik AB, Turkey. Its current status is undetermined.
During World War II, it was active as the 385th Bombardment Group (Heavy), an Eighth Air Force B-17 Flying Fortress unit, stationed at RAF Great Ashfield, England. The group led the famous attack on the Focke-Wulf Assembly Plant at Marienburg in East Prussia on 9 October 1943.
During the Cold War, the 385th Strategic Aerospace Wing was a Strategic Air Command (SAC) wing assigned to the 818th Strategic Aerospace Division at Offutt Air Force Base, Nebraska. It conducted strategic air refueling operations and maintained ICBM readiness to meet SAC commitments. The wing served as a deterrent force and also supported SAC's global air refueling mission until inactivated in 1964 as part of the phaseout of the SM-65 Atlas ICBM from the USAF inventory. It was inactivated on 15 December 1964. 
History.
World War II.
The unit was first activated as the 385th Bombardment Group (BG) in late 1942 at Davis-Monthan Field in Arizona. Its initial squadrons were the 548th, 549th, 550th, and 551st Bombardment Squadrons.
The group was formed in February 1943 at Geiger Field, Washington. It trained for two months and then moved to Great Falls AAB, Montana in April 1943. The unit completed training at the end of May 1943 with the aircraft moving to Kearney AAF, Nebraska prior to moving to England by the northern ferry route. Two aircraft were lost en route. The ground echelon left Great Falls on 8 June 1943. The 548th BS sailed on the Queen Mary on 23 June 1943 and the other squadrons on the Queen Elizabeth on 1 July 1943.
Under Eighth Air Force based in England, the 385th BG operated primarily as a strategic bombardment organization until the war ended, striking such targets as industrial areas, air bases, oil refineries, and communications centers in Germany, France, Poland, Belgium, the Netherlands, and Norway. The group received two Distinguished Unit Citations for bombing an aircraft factory at Regensburg on 17 August 1943 after a long hazardous flight over enemy territory. The group led the 4th Bombardment Wing a great distance through heavy and damaging opposition for the successful bombardment of an aircraft repair plant at Zwickau on 12 May 1944, being awarded another DUC for this performance. Other strategic targets included aircraft factories in Oschersleben and Marienburg, battery works in Stuttgart, airfields in Beauvais and Chartres, oil refineries in Ludwigshafen and Merseburg, and marshalling yards in Munich and Oranienburg.
The 385th sometimes supported ground forces and struck interdictory targets. It attacked coastal defenses in June 1944 in preparation for the Normandy invasion and hit marshalling yards and choke points during the landing on D-Day. The group bombed enemy positions in support of ground forces at Saint-Lô in July 1944. Attacked German communications and fortifications during the Battle of the Bulge, December 1944 – January 1945. It bombed troop concentrations and communications centers in Germany and France, March–April 1945, to assist the final thrust into Germany.
On 6 March 1944 raid to Berlin (the most costly mission the Eighth ever carried out) the 3rd Division commander, Brigadier General Russell Wilson, took off from Great Ashfield in a radar-equipped B-17 in a leading group of the 385th. All of the 385th aircraft returned safely ... all, that is, except the one carrying General Wilson. which was seen to take several hits from flak. setting one engine on fire. Although four of the crew managed to parachute to safety (including Medal of Honor hero First Lieutenant John C. Morgan), eight of the others were killed when the bomber exploded.
In May 1945 the group dropped food to the starving Dutch population in the Netherlands as part of Operation Chowhound. The 385th suffered the last enemy action in the European part of the war. On 2 May 1945, a B-17 of the 385th BG was struck by enemy ground fire while on Operation Chowhound but returned safely to base. This was the last credited combat mission of the war.
After V-E Day, the 385th Bomb Group hauled displaced French slave laborers from Austria to France. It redeployed to the United States in June and August 1945. The aircraft left between 19 June, and 29 June 1945. the ground unit left on 4 August 1945, and sailed on the "Queen Elizabeth" from Greenock on 5 August 1945. They arrived in New York on 11 August 1945. Group was then established at Sioux Falls AAF, South Dakota and inactivated on 28 August 1945.
Cold War.
The origins of the 385th Strategic Aerospace Wing began on 15 August 1959 when Strategic Air Command (SAC) activated the 566th Strategic Missile Squadron (SMS) at Offutt AFB and assigned it to Second Air Force. The squadron was equipped with SM-65 Atlas-Ds. Six weeks later, on 1 October 1959, SAC established the 4321st Strategic Wing (SW) at Offutt and assigned it to the 17th Air Division (later Strategic Aerospace Division) as an operational headquarters for the 566th and for the 34th Air Refueling Squadron, flying Boeing KC-135 Stratotankers. The 34th had been stationed at Offutt since the fall of 1958, but was assigned to a wing located at Whiteman AFB, Missouri. 
The wing's missiles were maintained on alert and ready for combat. The 4321st (and later the 385th) continued to maintain an alert commitment until inactivating. In August 1962, the 4321st was reassigned to the 818th Strategic Aerospace Division. However, SAC Strategic Wings could not carry a permanent history or lineage and SAC looked for a way to make its Strategic Wings permanent.
In 1962, in order to perpetuate the lineage of many currently inactive bombardment units with illustrious World War II records, Headquarters SAC received authority from Headquarters USAF to discontinue its Major Command controlled (MAJCON) strategic wings that were equipped with combat aircraft and to activate Air Force controlled (AFCON) units, most of which were inactive at the time which could carry a lineage and history.
As a result the 4321st SW was replaced by the newly constituted 385th Strategic Aerospace Wing (SAW), which assumed its mission, personnel, and equipment on 1 January 1963.
In the same way the 549th Strategic Missile Squadron, one of the unit's World War II historical bomb squadrons, replaced the 566th SMS. The 34th Air Refueling Squadron was reassigned to the 385th. Because the new organization controlled a combination of aircraft and intercontinental ballistic missiles it added "Aerospace" to the 4321st's designation. 
The 385th SAW continued to conduct strategic air refueling operations and maintain ICBM readiness to meet SAC commitments. The wing served as a deterrent force and also supported SAC's global air refueling mission. It was inactivated on 15 December 1964.
Lineage.
385th Bombardment Group
385th Strategic Wing
Components.
Squadrons
References.
Bibliography.
Further Reading

</doc>
<doc id="19802152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802152" title="Hasanaginica">
Hasanaginica

Hasanaginica, less commonly Asanaginica, (first published as ""The Mourning Song of the Noble Wife of the Hasan Aga"'") is a South Slavic Muslim folk ballad, created during the period of 1646-49, in the region of Imotski (in modern Croatia), which at the time was a part of the Bosnia Eyalet of the Ottoman Empire.
Background.
The ballad was handed down from generation to generation in oral form until it was finally written and published in 1774 by an Italian traveler and ethnographer Alberto Fortis in his book "Viaggio in Dalmazia" ('A travel across Dalmatia') while traveling through Dalmatia in 1770. During his travels, he discovered what he called a "Morlachian ballad" (a term he used to distinguish the peoples from coastal Dalmatia) from the inland locals, a term that was criticised by Croatian writer Ivan Lovrić, who accused Fortis of many factual errors in his own response, "Notes on 'Travels in Dalmatia' of Abbe Alberto Fortis", which he then attempted to rectify. It was subsequently translated to German (Goethe, 1775), English (Scott, 1798), Russian (Pushkin 1835, beginning, and Akhmatova 1950s, in full), French (Mérimée, 1827 and Mickiewicz, 1841) and other world's languages, becoming an integral part of the world literary heritage already in the 18th century. Today, Asanaginica has been translated into more than 40 languages. It is considered a part of the Bosnian, Croatian and Serbian literary heritage.
When the MS was found in the legacy of Split family Papalić it was hinted that the Fortis' version was not the original but a copy from this newly found MS which was corroborated by further philological analyses. Fortis' friend Matej Sović (archdeacon of the Osor chapter on the island of Cres) has the original Roman Ikavian text copied to Western Cyrillic, and Fortis or someone else has recopying the text to Roman script transcribed the Cyrillic jat in Ijekavian form.
The meter of the ballad is classical South Slavic decasyllable or 10-syllable verse, translated by Goethe as trochaic pentameter. According to Mikhail Gasparov, after Goethe's version epic and/or mourning odes in trochaic pentameter became popular in the German poetry, this semantic feature of this meter was later borrowed to the Russian poetry as well.
Story.
"Hasanaginica", "The Mourning Song of the Noble Wife of the Asan Aga" is a ballad about the Muslim family Arapović in Dalmatia. The incidents take place along the Province of Bosnia's frontier in Vrdol (today Zagvozd), near the Biokovo mountains of Dalmatia, where the Lord (aga) Hasan Arapović had large estates. The ruins of the Hasan towers exist today, as well as the place where Hasanagica is understood to be buried, near the ruins of the tower, on the southwestern slopes of the Blue Lake.
The ballad relates that following a battle, whilst lying wounded, Hasan-aga summons his wife, Fatima Arapović (née Pintorović), who was unwilling to accompany him to the battlefield. Deeply angered and in pain, Hasan-aga sends his wife a message ordering her to leave his castle without their children. Despite pleading with her brother, who brings her the message and the divorce papers, Hasan-aga's wife is ousted from her home and her brother arranges her to be married to a wealthy kadı. As a last wish before she is married, she asks her brother for a long veil so that she does not see her children as the wedding procession pass by her old castle. Ultimately, her children see her and call out for her. As she stops to bid them farewell one last time, she dies of sorrow.
There is much debate about whether the ballad was purely poetical and fictional, or based on real people and events. However, the following people did actually exist and are believed to be the basis of the ballad:
Cultural references.
A movie entitled "Hasanaginica" was made in 1967 starring Milena Dravić and Rade Marković. This was followed in 1983 by a Yugoslav television movie featuring Žarko Laušević and Aleksandra Nikolić.
In 2000, "Hasanaginica" premiered at the National Theatre of Sarajevo and was later released on CD. The libretto was written by Nijaz Alispahić and the composer was Asim Horozić. 
"Hasanaginica" by TV Sarajevo was a very successful TV film with Nada Đurevska in the title role, Josip Pejaković as Hasanaga and Miralem Zupcevic as Beg Pintorović.
In 2006, "Hasanaginica" premiered at the Croatian National Theatre in Zagreb. Mustafa Nadarević directed and played the lead role while Ljupco Konstantinov composed it. 
In 2009, "Hasanaginica" premiered at the Serbian National Theatre. It was directed by Ivana Dragutinović Maričić, conducted by Mladen Jagušt, and composed by Rastislav Kambasković.

</doc>
<doc id="19802168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802168" title="Bollywood Calling">
Bollywood Calling

Bollywood Calling is an Indian movie directed by Nagesh Kukunoor. The film was released in 2001. Main casting Pat Cusick as Patrick Stormaire, Navin Nischol as Manu Kapoor, Om Puri as Subramaniam, Perizaad Zorabian as Kajal, Monique Curnen as Karen, Chet Dixon as Abe, Elahe Hiptoola as Reporter, Nagesh Kukunoor as Gullu, Mira Nair as Mira.

</doc>
<doc id="19802173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802173" title="Tomasz Cebula">
Tomasz Cebula

Tomasz Cebula (born 31 March 1966 in Brzeziny) is a retired Polish professional footballer who played for Legia Warsaw and ŁKS Łódź in the Polish Ekstraklasa.
Cebula made 12 appearances for the Poland national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="19802175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802175" title="University of Iowa Museum of Natural History">
University of Iowa Museum of Natural History

The University of Iowa Museum of Natural History, founded in 1858, is a museum on the University of Iowa campus at Iowa City, Iowa. The museum is known for its extensive collection of birds, mammals, and Native American artifacts. Major research collections include the Kallam Collection of prehistoric stone tools, the Talbot and Jones Bird Collections, the Frank Russell Collection of Inuit and Native Arctic artifacts, and a large collection from the Philippines from the 1904 World's Fair.
The museum houses several galleries and exhibits. Iowa Hall leads visitors on a 500-million-year adventure through Iowa's geological, cultural, and ecological history. Mammal Hall exhibits the adaptation and diversity of nearly every mammalian order, from the aardvark to the zebra. The Hageboeck Hall of Birds displays more than 1,000 specimens, including the historic Laysan Island Cyclorama. The Diversity of Life exhibits describe major plant and animal groups and the art of taxidermy. The newest gallery, the Biosphere Discovery Hub, investigates the complex relationships between culture and the environment. 
Tarkio Valley sloths.
The museum has recently coordinated excavations of at least three Jefferson's ground sloths, "Megalonyx jeffersonii", along the West Tarkio Creek near Shenandoah, Iowa. Most recently, a fourth giant sloth of a different species, "Paramylodon harlani", has been identified from the excavation site. This is the first confirmed specimen of "Paramylodon" to be discovered in Iowa.

</doc>
<doc id="19802176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802176" title="Ebarb, Louisiana">
Ebarb, Louisiana

Ebarb is an unincorporated community in Sabine Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is located along Louisiana Highway 482, west of Zwolle and east of the Toledo Bend Reservoir. The American Indian community has a multicultural heritage with strong Spanish and French influences.
Most residents are enrolled in the state-recognized Choctaw-Apache Tribe of Ebarb, descend from Apache slaves, Choctaw families on the Sabine River as well as Spaniards and natives of the Spanish mission of Los Adaes. Many residents of Ebarb attend St. Ann's Catholic Church.
The community was named after Dón Antonio Gil Y’Barbo. He was born in 1729 at Fort Los Adaes in Nueva España (New Spain), and married Maria Padilla (now Paddie). Gil Y'Barbo held ranches on both sides of the Sabine River.
The community also has a strong boys basketball team.
Education.
Public schools in Sabine Parish are operated by the Sabine Parish School Board. The community of Ebarb is zoned to Ebarb School [http://www.sabine.k12.la.us/ehs/] (Grades PK-12).

</doc>
<doc id="19802208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802208" title="Peters landlov">
Peters landlov

Peters landlov is a 1963 Danish family film directed by and starring Ebbe Langberg.

</doc>
<doc id="19802209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802209" title="Gnathorhiza">
Gnathorhiza

Gnathorhiza is an extinct genus of prehistoric lobe-finned fish which lived during the Permian period.

</doc>
<doc id="19802211" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802211" title="Andrzej Kącki">
Andrzej Kącki

Andrzej Marian Kącki (born 29 November 1953 in Tarnów) is a former Polish handball player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics.
In 1980 he was part of the Polish team which finished seventh in the Olympic tournament. He played all six matches as goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="19802229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802229" title="Biskupice Radłowskie">
Biskupice Radłowskie

Biskupice Radłowskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radłów, within Tarnów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately north of Radłów, north-west of Tarnów, and east of the regional capital Kraków.
The village has a population of 1,100.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19802234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802234" title="Brzeźnica, Tarnów County">
Brzeźnica, Tarnów County

Brzeźnica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radłów, within Tarnów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately west of Radłów, west of Tarnów, and east of the regional capital Kraków.
The village has a population of 124.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19802237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802237" title="Glów">
Glów

Glów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radłów, within Tarnów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19802240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802240" title="Łęka Siedlecka">
Łęka Siedlecka

Łęka Siedlecka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radłów, within Tarnów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19802241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802241" title="Aleksandr Rogov (footballer)">
Aleksandr Rogov (footballer)

Aleksandr Yuryevich Rogov () (born June 4, 1986) is a Russian footballer. In 2009, he played for FC Dynamo St. Petersburg.

</doc>
<doc id="19802242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802242" title="Marcinkowice, Tarnów County">
Marcinkowice, Tarnów County

Marcinkowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radłów, within Tarnów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately north of Radłów, north-west of Tarnów, and east of the regional capital Kraków.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19802244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802244" title="Niwka">
Niwka

Niwka may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19802246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802246" title="Niwka, Tarnów County">
Niwka, Tarnów County

Niwka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radłów, within Tarnów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately south of Radłów, west of Tarnów, and east of the regional capital Kraków.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19802248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802248" title="Przybysławice, Tarnów County">
Przybysławice, Tarnów County

Przybysławice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radłów, within Tarnów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Radłów, north-west of Tarnów, and east of the regional capital Kraków.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19802250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802250" title="Radłów (disambiguation)">
Radłów (disambiguation)

Radłów is a town in Lesser Poland Voivodeship, southern Poland.
Radłów may also refer to the following villages:

</doc>
<doc id="19802252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802252" title="Radłów">
Radłów

Radłów is a town in Tarnów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Radłów. It lies approximately north-west of Tarnów and east of the regional capital Kraków.
The town has a population of 2,800. It gained the status of a town on 1 January 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19802253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802253" title="Sanoka">
Sanoka

Sanoka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radłów, within Tarnów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19802255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802255" title="Second Album">
Second Album

Second Album or 2nd Album may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19802262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802262" title="Charkowna">
Charkowna

Charkowna is a village of Jangalia union, Pakundia Upazila, Kishorganj.

</doc>
<doc id="19802264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802264" title="Siedlec, Tarnów County">
Siedlec, Tarnów County

Siedlec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radłów, within Tarnów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19802266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802266" title="Wał-Ruda">
Wał-Ruda

Wał-Ruda is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radłów, within Tarnów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19802267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802267" title="Wola Radłowska">
Wola Radłowska

Wola Radłowska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radłów, within Tarnów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Radłów, north-west of Tarnów, and east of the regional capital Kraków.
The village has a population of 1,060.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19802268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802268" title="Agios Dimitrios Power Station">
Agios Dimitrios Power Station

Agios Dimitrios Power Station is a power plant located near Agios Dimitrios, Kozani, Greece, situated between the towns of Kozani and Ellispontos village. In terms of its location in relation to a metropolis, the plant lies 140 kilometres (87 mi) west of Thessaloniki, a major city in northern Greece.
The Agios Dimitrios Power Station is the largest of Greece's power plants, generating a total capacity of 1,600 MW from two 300 MW units (Units I and II), two 310 MW units (Units III and IV), and one 365 MW unit (Unit V). In terms of physical size, the three flue gas stacks of the facility are tall. The plant burns lignite extracted through opencast mining, a process undertaken at the Lignite Center of Western Macedonia, which is located in the Ptolemais-Amynteo region, the main coal mining area of Greece.
The station is owned by the Public Power Corporation (PPC).
Unit V.
Unit V was added to the existing four units of the Agios Dimitrios plant to be connected to the 400 kV outdoor switchgear, to increase the supply energy to the Greek national transmission grid. It is a unit of 350 MW electric, plus 70 MW thermal for district heating purposes.
In 1993, PPC awarded the contract for the supply and installation of Unit V to the consortium of the companies Ansaldo GIE (consortium leader - Italy, at present (2008) Ansaldo Energia a Finmeccanica Company), Austrian Energy and Environment SGP/Waagner-Biro GmbH (Austria) and AEGEK (Greece).
Main steps of the contract execution were:
In May 1995, the Kozani area suffered an earthquake of 6.6 degrees on the Richter scale, which affected the progress of the work.
Contract and project management.
The contract was signed on March 31, 1993, by Th. Xanthopoulos, PPC general manager, Vincenzo Vadacca Ansaldo, GIE managing director, Heinz Zaunschirm and Helmuth Palzer, A.E. & E./Waagner-Biro directors and John Triadafillou, AEGEK managing director.
For the contract performance phase, the management of the project was provided by a project team composed by Roberto Pisani as project director, appointed by the consortium leader Ansaldo GIE, and Klaus Zink and Costas Latsenere as project managers, appointed by A.E. & E. and AEGEK respectively. At the plant, Salvatore Brozzas and Giorgio Simoncin were appointed by the consortium leader as site and start-up managers interfacing with S. Spaniolas, the Unit V construction manager of PPC. Project activities were supported by Vincenzo Gaiaschi and Konstantinos Keramidas in the consortium office of Athens led by Giorgio Mazzoni. Ansaldo GIE, consortium leader, played also the role of plant architect engineer, assigning to Roberto Masi this duty as project engineer.
On October 18, 1997, the unit was officially opened with the presence of Costas Simitis Prime Minister of Greece, Enrico Pietromarchi Italian ambassador in Greece, Fabrizio Pignatelli Italian consul at Thessaloniki, and with other representatives of the Greek parliament and local authorities.
Scope of supply.
Object of the contract between PPC and the Consortium was the design, engineering, manufacture, supply, transportation, installation, testing, putting in operation and delivery of one lignite-fired steam electric unit of 350 Mwe plus 70 MWth in the Agios Dimitrios plant, including the design, engineering, construction and supervision of the civil works.
The project included the following main equipment, systems and works:
Greek companies as Aspate, Mekasol, Metka e Rodax participated in the construction of the unit as subcontractors of the three consortium members.

</doc>
<doc id="19802269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802269" title="Zabawa, Tarnów County">
Zabawa, Tarnów County

Zabawa (translation: "Fun") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radłów, within Tarnów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Radłów, north-west of Tarnów, and east of the regional capital Kraków.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19802271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802271" title="Zdrochec">
Zdrochec

Zdrochec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radłów, within Tarnów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately north of Radłów, north-west of Tarnów, and east of the regional capital Kraków.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19802279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802279" title="SACI">
SACI

SACI Studio Art Centers International, Florence, Italy, was founded by artist and director emeritus Jules Maidoff in Tuscany in 1975 and incorporated in 1976 as a U.S. non-profit 501 c (3) educational institution for undergraduate and graduate university-level students seeking fully accredited studio art, design, and liberal arts instruction.
Study programs.
SACI offers the following study programs to meet the diverse needs of students: Academic Year Abroad, Academic Semester Abroad, Post-Baccalaureate Program, 2-year MFA in Studio Art Program, 2-year MFA in Photography and Summer Studies (including summer term non-credit study programs).
Since September 2012, SACI is the only American University accredited institution in Europe to offer a 2-year MFA Degree in Studio Art.
Accreditation.
Studio Art Centers International is accredited as an institutional member of the National Association of Schools of Art and Design (NASAD) . Additionally, SACI is accredited for undergraduate and graduate US university-level study through its affiliation with Bowling Green State University (BGSU), which is a US degree-granting institution accredited by the North Central Association of Colleges and Secondary Schools.
History.
SACI is the oldest and most prestigious American art school in Florence.
The institution was founded in 1975 by painter Jules Maidoff, whose goal was to offer the finest and most challenging training to the next generation of artists, art historians, and art conservators, as well as the opportunity to live out a full, first-hand immersion within Florentine culture and customs.
Since 1975, over 10.000 students have attended SACI. Amongst the institution's alumni are oscar-nominated film directors, artists who have exhibited in the London National Portrait Gallery and many other prestigious galleries worldwide, art conservators of the highest level, jewelry designers working on Hollywood productions.
SACI's Conservation Department works on many masterpieces from the Renaissance, giving students the opportunity to learn while actually restoring works by some of the greatest maestros of Italian art. Between 1996 and 2006 the Department fully restored the historical Chapel of Santa Maria degli Angiolini, which had been closed since 1966, when it was damaged by the flood.
Many extraordinary artists have exhibited in the two SACI Galleries, from fashion designer Elio Fiorucci to Proust Armchair creator Alessandro Mendini, from Audrey Flack to Beverly Pepper. The SACI Artists Council includes such well known international artists as Christo, Ralph Gibson, Sting, Storm Thorgerson. SACI Artists Council member David Hockney chose SACI as the location for his 2008 Painted Optics Symposium.
Facilities.
Palazzo dei Cartelloni, SACI's home, is a air-conditioned palazzo, located at Via Sant'Antonino 11. It has a beautiful gallery/exhibition space, classrooms, a library, offices, an art conservation laboratory, media facilities and studios surrounding a large, traditional Italian garden. The spacious and light-filled interiors, have been restored to their original Baroque magnificence, with painted ceilings, frescoed walls and marble floors. This location places SACI students in the vicinity of the Duomo, the churches of San Lorenzo and Santa Maria Novella, and is just steps away from the central market and the new Alinari photography museum.The Palazzo was remodeled as a residence in the 17th century for the mathematician Vincenzo Viviani, who had been a pupil of the astronomer and scientist Galileo Galilei. Viviani dedicated his home to his esteemed teacher and placed two large scrolls on the building's façade that describe the extraordinary work and achievements of his master. One notices the Palazzo immediately by the bust of Galileo that crowns the palatial entranceway. Viviani created this monument to Galileo in defiance of the papal ban that forbade honoring the work of Galileo partly because of Galileo's assertion that, "The truth of nature is more important than traditional dogma." SACI's home is, therefore, a unique monument to a man who is considered "one of the two greatest sons of Florence" (along with Michelangelo Buonarroti), an accolade inscribed on the buildings scrolls.
SACI’s newest facility is another major palace in the center of Florence: the Jules Maidoff Palazzo for the Visual Arts, which is named after SACI's founder and director emeritus. This palazzo includes a floor with large, well-lit painting studios; SACI’s new graduate center, with its own terrace and garden access; SACI’s new design center and design library; fully equipped animation and fresco studios; a student lounge, with additional computers for student internet access; gallery spaces; two major lecture halls; and a beautiful Renaissance courtyard. SACI’s acquisition of this palace—which has four floors and is over 2,000 square meters, has excellent light and beautiful historic rooms—offers students outstanding facilities for all SACI classes.
SACI Gallery.
The SACI Gallery provides a professional, non-commercial exhibition space for the SACI Artists Council members, instructors, and students as well as other local, national, and internationally renowned artists. Contemporary art exhibitions of works in all media are featured. The SACI Gallery aims to utilize its educational environment by supplementing the exhibitions with visiting artist presentations and artist lectures. It is a goal of the SACI Gallery to act as a catalyst between the cross-cultural American university environment and the local Italian community by collaborating with other cultural institutions and participating in outside creative projects.
The SACI Gallery was designed by Architect Paolo Bulletti and its renovation was made possible in part through a generous donation by artist Roger Phillips. The SACI Gallery is approximately , has high vaulted ceilings, movable partition walls, and is adjacent to our interior courtyard garden.

</doc>
<doc id="19802287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802287" title="San Joaquín, Bolivia">
San Joaquín, Bolivia

San Joaquín is a small agricultural town in the Beni Department in the Bolivian lowlands.
Location.
San Joaquín is the administrative capital of Mamoré Province and is situated at an elevation of 142 m above sea level at Río Machupo, which flows to Río Iténez. San Joaquín is located 220 km north of Trinidad, the department's capital.
Geography.
San Joaquín is located in the Moxos Plains ("Llanos de Moxos"), at 100,000 km² one of the greatest wetlands of the Earth. Main vegetation in the area of San Joaquín is the tropical savanna. The yearly precipitation of the region is 1,600 mm, with a distinct dry season from May to September. Monthly average temperatures vary from 24°C und 29°C over the year.
Population.
Over the past two decades, the town's population has risen by circa 30%, from 3,489 (census 1992) to 4,094 (census 2001) and 4,589 (2009 estimate). San Joaquin has been the site of a Machupo virus or Bolivian Hemorragic Fever outbreak in the 1960s.

</doc>
<doc id="19802337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802337" title="Miss April (1963 film)">
Miss April (1963 film)

Miss April () is a 1963 Danish family film directed by Finn Henriksen and starring Malene Schwartz.

</doc>
<doc id="19802359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802359" title="Gamla Ullevi (disambiguation)">
Gamla Ullevi (disambiguation)

Gamla Ullevi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19802365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802365" title="Kirill Kurochkin">
Kirill Kurochkin

Kirill Sergeyevich Kurochkin () (born June 30, 1988) is a Russian footballer who last played for FC Dynamo Moscow.
Career.
He made his debut for FC Dynamo Moscow in a Russian Cup game against FC Zenit St. Petersburg on August 8, 2007. Dynamo lost 3:9.

</doc>
<doc id="19802380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802380" title="Forest High School">
Forest High School

Forest High School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19802393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802393" title="JAD (JAva Decompiler)">
JAD (JAva Decompiler)

Jad (Java Decompiler) is a currently unmaintained decompiler for the Java programming language.
Jad provides a command-line user interface to extract source code from class files.
A graphical user interface for Jad is JadClipse which is a plugin to the Eclipse IDE.
The domain name used by the official website expired on 25 February 2009.
The most recent version of JAD says it supports only Java class file versions 45.3, 46.0 and 47.0, not ones produced by Java 5.
The most popular GUI for Jad is DJ Java Decompiler. According to CNET.com, in the past eight years the various versions of DJ Java Decompiler have been downloaded over 10 million times.
The only one legally authorized by Pavel Kouznetsov to deal and distribute JAD for commercial purposes is Atanas Neshkov.
A similar alternative, Java Decompiler, has emerged that supports versions of Java up to 1.7 and (in a variant) current versions of the Eclipse IDE.

</doc>
<doc id="19802404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802404" title="List of tallest buildings in the Philippines">
List of tallest buildings in the Philippines

This list of tallest buildings in The Philippines ranks skyscrapers in major cities in the country 
Tallest completed buildings.
This list ranks the highest completed buildings in the Philippines, that are at least 122 metres. "The list is shortened, because there is a very high number of highrise buildings, counting at least between and in the Philippines."
Tallest in progress buildings.
This list includes highrise and supertall buildings that are under construction, approved, planned, or proposed, and are at least in the Philippines.
List by region.
The following table is a list of tallest buildings by each Region Archipelago of the Philippines.
List of title holders.
This list ranks buildings that once held the title as the tallest building in the Philippines. These buildings in the list are above 70 meters based on Emporis Standards.

</doc>
<doc id="19802414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802414" title="Bodell">
Bodell

Bodell may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19802418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802418" title="Harry Dolman">
Harry Dolman

H J "Harry" Dolman OBE (1897–1977) was a well-known Bristol businessman, starting off as an engineer who later bought out the firm he worked for, Brecknell, Dolman & Rogers Ltd. (formerly Brecknell, Munro & Rogers Ltd.) and as chairman and president of Bristol City FC.
Early life.
Harry Dolman was born in Kington Langley near Chippenham, Wiltshire. His father was by trade a farmer and also landlord of a village pub.
Brecknell, Dolman & Rogers Ltd..
Starting out as a 21-year-old junior draughtsman in the engineering firm within six years Dolman had become chief engineer and by 1929, managing director. The company's products ranged from egg grading machines to ticket and change issuing machines, many of them Dolman's own inventions, the company was also credited with making turnstiles for the London Underground. At its height the business employed 1,600 people. The scope of its original purely mechanical machines was expanded considerably when in the 1960s BDR acquired the Brislington based electronics company Redcliffe Electronics which was renamed Brecknell-Redcliffe Electronics which continued in the development of electronically actuated ticket and coin machines, obtaining a number of patents in this field
The firm then known in 1969 as BDR Machines (or with affection in Bristol as Dolman's) was sold to the Vokes Group and in turn was taken over by Thomas Tilling in 1972. A year later in spite of protests by the employees and trade unions, the decision was taken by Tilling Group, to abandon the business altogether.
Association with Bristol City FC.
Harry Dolman was chairman of Bristol City FC between 1949 and 1974, he designed the first set of floodlights installed at Ashton Gate stadium in the early 1950s and was fundamental in the design and build of the Dolman Stand which opened in 1970 at the cost of £235,000.
In 1974 having been deposed as chairman, he took on the presidency which he held until his death in 1977, aged 80. His wife, Marina, now holds this position.

</doc>
<doc id="19802426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802426" title="Runakta">
Runakta

Runakta is a small town on the out skirts of Agra. It is situated on the NH2 also popularly known as the Grand Trunk Road.
Runakta which is known specially for its association with the great poet Surdas, an ardent Krishna devotee. Runakta is the starting point of what is called as Brij Bhoomi or the land of Lord Krishna. The so called Brij Bhoomi ends at Kotban near Hodal.

</doc>
<doc id="19802445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802445" title="Jean Narde">
Jean Narde

Jean Ferreira Narde commonly known as Jean (born November 18, 1979 in Feira de Santana, Bahia) is a Brazilian footballer who last played for China League One side Guangdong Sunray Cave.
Club Career.
Jean spend his early years at São Paulo, when he plays from 1998 to 2003. He move to Russia, when he played for FC Saturn, Dynamo Moscow and Rubin Kazan. Jean returned to Brazil in 2008 loaned to Grêmio. After spend most part of the season in the substitutes, Jean leave the club in December and signed a two-year contract with Série B champions Corinthians.
Flamengo career statistics.
"according to combined sources on the Flamengo official website and Flaestatística."

</doc>
<doc id="19802448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802448" title="Bon Levi">
Bon Levi

Bon Levi (born 1943) is an Australian confidence trickster. Before he changed his name, he was Ronald Frederick. He is also known as Ron the Con, Roddy Farrow, Ron Heelan, Brett Wyatt, Ronald White and John McCorry.
His businesses have included Quik Holdings Pty Ltd, Quik Power Ltd, Bon Levi Designer Merchandising, Auction Wholesalers, Randy Man Life 02, Sprintline, Bon Levi Cosmetics, Crazy Joe Tire and Mechanical, Eagle Trailers, Fredericks Taskmaster, Target Magazine, Dial-A-Chicken Australia, MGM Model Management and Talent Scout, Jupiters Mechanical, Gold Coast Cameras Pty Ltd, Midas Photographics, Midas Photographics USA Inc.
Bon Levi has more than 50 convictions for fraud, stealing, breaking and entering, aggravated assault, unlawful common assault and false pretences. He offers his clients a stake in franchise businesses typically for tens of thousands of dollars. His enterprises have included light trailer manufacturing, escort agencies, auto wreckers, transport companies, crash repairers, catering companies, and disposable camera suppliers.
Bon Levi left Australia and entered the United States around 1997 and set up offices across the country. According to an FBI affidavit, Levi established two businesses in the US: Midas Photographic's USA Inc, a disposable camera franchise operation. Levi had 50 commissioned employees, a head quarters in Florida, and branch offices in Las Vegas; Chicago; Clear Water; Bloomington; Ann Arbor, Michigan; Dallas; Cincinnati; and Denver staffed with employees trying to sell his camera franchises.
In later court proceedings, the FBI alleged that 50 licensees paid between $30,000 and $68,000 and were promised income of between $500 and $2000 per week to run franchises for these businesses. The FBI said it had uncovered over $1 million of deposits in an account controlled by Levi at a St Louis bank.
After spending 37 months in jail in the United States, Levi returned to Australia and resumed his franchise operations. In the early 2000s he promoted franchises under the Little Joe and Joey's brand names. He later moved back to his original home state of Western Australia and has been named as a figure behind massage businesses in Perth. Legal action was launched against Bon Levi and his partner Colin Burton for allegedly misleading advertising in respect of employment and breaches of business registration laws. His trial is due to start on 1 September 2010. On 1 September 2010, Levi plead guilty in the Magistrates Court of Western Australia to charges of misleading employees and operating under unregistered business names, and was fined AUD17,000.

</doc>
<doc id="19802449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802449" title="Suddenly, a Woman!">
Suddenly, a Woman!

Suddenly, a Woman! () is a 1963 Danish drama film directed by Anker Sørensen and starring Laila Andersson.
Plot.
In this drama, a young woman is pretty enough to draw lovers to her like flies to honey. Among her suitors are her wealthy business-magnate employer and her lesbian landlady. Unfortunately for all of them, the young woman only has eyes for her childhood sweetheart. The would-be lovers prove themselves to be poor sports and mayhem ensues.

</doc>
<doc id="19802459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802459" title="McAlinden">
McAlinden

McAlinden may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19802465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802465" title="Pick a Dub">
Pick a Dub

Pick a Dub is a 1974 album by Jamaican producer and musician Keith Hudson. Critically well received, it is widely regarded as an important work in the dub music genre which evolved out of reggae. Featuring remixes of earlier material, it focuses on heavy drums and bass guitar, with echoing vocals to underscore the intense percussive rhythm. Carlton and Aston Barrett and Augustus Pablo contributed music, while vocal fragments include Hudson, Horace Andy and Big Youth. The album was originally released under the labels of Klik and Atra, with a 1994 reissue by Blood and Fire.
Critical reception.
The album has been critically well received and is regarded as important in Hudson's discography and in the genre of dub music. In 1994, "The Wire" identified the album as "one of the first dub albums" and described it as a "must-have". Lloyd Bradley, author of "This is Reggae Music", suggests that along with "King Tubby Meets Rockers Uptown", "Super Ape" and "African Dub Chapter Three" this album is "one of the supreme heavyweight champion dub sets." Including the album in its 2007 comprehensive series on "1000 Albums to Hear Before You Die", "The Guardian" indicated that "no other dub album can rival Pick-a-Dub's austere sonic qualities." In "England's Dreaming", Jon Savage gives the album his "vote for the greatest dub album ever." Piero Scaruffi puts it at #6 on his list, indicating in his summary of the 1970s Jamaican revival in Britain that Hudson and Dennis Bovell brought the form to "rtistic peaks". Allmusic in its review characterized the album as "a seminal work, a landmark in progressive remixing" that is "arguably the crowning achievement of Hudson's career." While arguing by contrast for Hudson's later album "Brand", the website brainwashed indicates that "Pick a Dub" typically "ranks as the pinnacle of his dub releases". 
Music.
"Pick a Dub" consisted of remixes, specifically primarily instrumental "riddim" dubs, of earlier material. Though reworked and retitled, Hudson's tracklist recast earlier songs into new form. The classics "Declaration of Rights" and "Satta Massa Gana" were recut as "Black Right" and "Satia". The title track, "Pick a Dub", was a dub of Hudson's own composition "S.90 Skank", which had been a hit song for Big Youth. The album focused on the heavy rhythms of bass guitar and drums, with snippets of otherwordly vocals. "The Wire" identified as among the album's strengths "tuttering melodica, squelching keyboard and guitar chops and a mix which dropped instruments in and out of the
sound picture every few bars". Hudson did not use the processed sound effects that later became common in the movement, a lack cited as "refreshing" by Bradley, who noted that such early sets reflected "the remixer's art in its purest form". The overall effect of Hudson's music is described by brainwashed as "uniquely deep and gothic".
History.
The album was recorded with Carlton and Aston Barrett of Bob Marley & The Wailers on drums and bass, with additional music supplied by melodica virtuoso Augustus Pablo. Snippets of vocal tracks included material by Hudson, Horace Andy and Big Youth. It was originally released in 1974 on the Klik label prior to release by Atra. In 1994, it was reissued by Blood and Fire.
Track listing.
"All tracks composed by Keith Hudson"

</doc>
<doc id="19802466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802466" title="Kilbourne High School">
Kilbourne High School

Kilbourne High School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19802474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802474" title="Necyria">
Necyria

Necyria is a Neotropical metalmark butterfly genus. 
There are three species which all have colourful iridescent markings. They are forest insects. Some are part of mimetic complexes.
The genus was erected by John Obadiah Westwood in 1851. The subspecies shown in the taxobox is named in Westwood’s honour.

</doc>
<doc id="19802490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802490" title="Maragall">
Maragall


</doc>
<doc id="19802504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802504" title="Robert Van Lierop">
Robert Van Lierop

Robert Van Lierop, born in Suriname, is a United States (African-American) and ni-Vanuatu lawyer, diplomat, political activist, filmmaker, writer and photojournalist.
He began his career as a lawyer, and became a member of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People.
Career as filmmaker.
Van Lierop was the director of "A Luta Continua" (1971) and "O Povo Organizado" (1975). Both films were produced in the United States, in the Portuguese language, with English subtitles. Set in Mozambique, they portray the struggles of freedom fighters against Portuguese colonial authorities, as well as the building of a new nation and the construction of schools and social facilities in the early independence era.
Josh Plaut and Patricia Blanchet of New York University have described them as "landmark films [...] which are characterized by the most progressive ideas of human and personal liberation which have deeply impacted an era of Black independent cinema."
In addition to producing his own films about Mozambique, Van Lierop arranged the screening of Mozambican films in the United States in 1981, with the proceeds serving to build a hospital in Mozambique.
Career as diplomat.
In 1980, when the newly independent Vanuatu joined the United Nations, its Prime Minister, Walter Lini, asked Van Lierop to be its Permanent Representative at the United Nations. The two men had met when Vanuatu had been a topic of discussion at the U.N. just prior to its independence. Van Lierop accepted, and represented Vanuatu for over a decade. He was, throughout the 1980s, Vanuatu's only diplomat stationed permanently in New York, and he visited Vanuatu twice a year on average.
As Vanuatu's ambassador, and following instructions from the ni-Vanuatu government, he campaigned within the U.N. against apartheid in South Africa, and in favour of decolonisation for East Timor, Western Sahara, West Papua and New Caledonia, among others. Van Lierop stated in 1990 that "On the issue of decolonisation, in particular for New Caledonia, Vanuatu is recognised as one of the principal promoters of independence, and this has resulted in great respect for our country".
In 1988, he was Vice-President of 43rd Session of the United Nations General Assembly. In 1990, Van Lierop became the first chairman of the Alliance of Small Island States, a position which he held until 1994; he emphasised the importance of the fight against climate change, to which Small Island Developing States are particularly vulnerable. He was also chairman of the United Nations' Special Committee on Decolonization, in keeping with Vanuatu's long-standing efforts in that field. In 1998, he co-moderated a United Nations conference on human rights in the context of cultural diversity. On 8 December 2012, representing Saint Kitts and Nevis, he was elected Vice-Chair of the Subsidiary Body for Implementation, one of two main subsidiary bodies of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change.

</doc>
<doc id="19802523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802523" title="West Carroll Parish School Board">
West Carroll Parish School Board

The West Carroll Parish School Board is an entity responsible for the operation of public schools in West Carroll Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is headquartered in the parish seat of Oak Grove.
In the 2012-2013 school year, West Carroll Parish public schools had the tenth highest rate of improvement statewide in the annual end-of-coure examinations administered in Algebra I and English II.

</doc>
<doc id="19802534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802534" title="Rafał Lasocki">
Rafał Lasocki

Career.
National team.
Lasocki has made three appearances for the Poland national football team, scoring one goal.

</doc>
<doc id="19802547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802547" title="South of Tana River">
South of Tana River

South of Tana River () is a 1963 Danish family film directed by Bent Christensen and starring Poul Reichhardt.

</doc>
<doc id="19802583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802583" title="Keith Bryant">
Keith Bryant

Keith Bryant (born in Virginia) is an American country music artist. In his career, he has released four independent studio albums, including one on Lofton Creek Records. He charted for the first time in 2004 with the single "Riding' with the Legend", which Bryant co-wrote as a tribute to former NASCAR driver Dale Earnhardt, who died in 2001. The song peaked at number 47 on the Hot Country Songs chart, becoming his first, and only charted single to date.
Biography.
Keith Bryant was born in the state of Virginia. By age fifteen, he had formed his own gospel band and began taking piano lessons. From there, he began playing in local bands as well. Bryant won best male vocalist at age 19 in the East Coast Country Music Championship, and then formed a band called Ironhorse.
In 2000, Bryant released his first solo album, "The Secret to Life". Robert K. Oermann of MusicRow magazine gave the album a favorable review, awarding it the magazine's DISCovery award. A second album, "Welcome to Love", followed two years later. By 2004, he had signed to Lofton Creek Records to release his third album, "Ridin' with the Legend". Its title track was a tribute to Dale Earnhardt, a NASCAR driver who died in 2001. The song received airplay on country radio for ten months, in addition to spending fifteen weeks on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs charts, where it peaked at No. 47. The album also sold more than 30,000 copies. "Ridin' with the Legend" was also made into a music video which aired on CMT and GAC. Bryant's fourth album, "Live It Slow", followed in 2007 on the S&S Mack label. This album produced five singles, though none charted.

</doc>
<doc id="19802584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802584" title="Canoeing at the 1992 Summer Olympics – Men's C-2 1000 metres">
Canoeing at the 1992 Summer Olympics – Men's C-2 1000 metres

The men's C-2 1000 metres event was an open-style, pairs canoeing event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1992 Summer Olympics program.
Results.
Heats.
14 teams entered in two heats. The top two finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the finals and the remaining teams were relegated to the semifinals.
Semifinals.
Two semifinals took place. The top two finishers from each semifinal and the fastest third-place finisher advanced directly to the final.
The American's disqualification was not disclosed in the official report.
Final.
The final was held on August 8.
The Germans fought off a mid-race challenge from the Danes before winning going away.

</doc>
<doc id="19802632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802632" title="K.S. School of Business Management">
K.S. School of Business Management

K. S. School of Business Management (KSSBM) is a business and information technology school at Gujarat University, a state-run university in the state of Gujarat, India. It offers a five-year integrated MBA and M.Sc. (CA & IT) programme that combines undergraduate and post-graduate courses. The school was started in the early 1990s to serve the needs of low-income students. The school receives a grant from the University Grants Commission (UGC).
References.
Official website

</doc>
<doc id="19802642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802642" title="Paradise and Back">
Paradise and Back

Paradise and Back () is a 1964 Danish family film directed by Gabriel Axel and starring Poul Reichhardt.

</doc>
<doc id="19802647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802647" title="Sea of Dreams">
Sea of Dreams

Sea of Dreams may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19802665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802665" title="World Knowledge Forum">
World Knowledge Forum

The World Knowledge Forum is a fete of knowledge, the biggest Forum in Asia. Established in October 2000, the World Knowledge Forum gathers more than 150 business and opinion leaders around the world ranging from environmental and international organizations to world's biggest corporations and institutions. These leaders predict the future and discuss possible solutions for the problems which are already, or might become, an issue. The main aim is to highlight the importance of knowledge sharing towards a balanced prosperity of the global economy. The WKF is hosted by Maeil Business Newspaper, Korea's premier business daily. The conference is the largest of its kind in Asia, and since 2000 over 3000 local and global leaders from business, government and academic sectors have attended annually.
Forum themes have ranged from “Shaping the New Millennium With Knowledge” in 2000 to “Knowledge in a World of Risk” in 2002; from “Creativity & Collaboration: Foundation of the New Era” in 2005 to “Collabonomics & Greater Asia” in 2008. The 2010 WKF overall theme was “One Asia Momentum: G20 Leadership And Creatinnovation”, and the WKF 2013 was "One Asia Metamorphosis".
The 15th World Knowledge Forum is scheduled to held at October 14th to 16th, 2014 at Seoul, Korea. 
Overview.
2013.
"Main Theme: One Asia Metamorphosis"
" 2013 Key Speakers:"
2012.
"Main Theme: The Great Breakthrough: New Solutions for Growth (Leadership, Integrity, Creativity, and Happiness)"
" 2012 Key Speakers:"
2011.
"Main Theme: The New Economic Crisis: Reforming Global Leadership & Asia's Challenge"
" 2011 Key Speakers:"
2010.
"Main Theme: One Asia Momentum, G20 Leadership & Creatinnovation"
" 2010 Key Speakers:"
2009.
" Main Theme: One Asia, New Economic Order and Recovery "
2008.
" Main Theme: Collabonomics + Greater Asia "
" 2008 Key Speakers:"
2007.
" Main Theme: Wealth Creation & Greater Asia "
" 2007 Key Speakers:"

</doc>
<doc id="19802671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802671" title="The World Is Big and Salvation Lurks Around the Corner">
The World Is Big and Salvation Lurks Around the Corner

The World is Big and Salvation Lurks Around the Corner is a 2008 Bulgarian drama film, co-produced with Slovenia, Germany and Hungary. Its original Bulgarian title is Светът е голям и спасение дебне отвсякъде (transliterated as "Svetat e golyam i spasenie debne otvsyakade"), literally meaning "The World is Big and Salvation Prowls on All Sides".
The film is directed by Stefan Komandarev and stars Miki Manojlović, Carlo Ljubek, Hristo Mutafchiev and Ana Papadopulu. It is based on the eponymous autobiographic novel by Bulgarian-German writer Ilija Trojanow.
The film has received generally favorable reviews from film critics and audiences around the world, having received more than 20 festival awards. On January 20, 2010 it was revealed that the film had been selected among the nine films that will advance to the next round of voting in the Foreign Language Film category for the 82nd Academy Awards.
Plot.
In a small Bulgarian provincial town during the 1980s, factory worker Vasil 'Vasko' Georgiev (Hristo Mutafchiev) has problems with the local Communist Party agent (Nikolai Urumov) who wants Vasko to monitor and report on the activities of his father-in-law, Bai Dan (Miki Manojlović). Bai Dan is the local "King of Backgammon" and is accused by the local authorities of conducting an illegal workshop in which he repairs bicycles and manufactures backgammon sets. Facing a moral dilemma, Vasko decides to emigrate beyond the Iron Curtain to Western Europe with his wife Yana (Ana Papadopulu) and his son Aleksander 'Sashko' (played as a child by Blagovest Mutafchiev). The family succeeds in crossing the border to Italy but face the prospect of lengthy detention in a bleak refugee camp until Vasko is able to pay for them to be smuggled into Germany.
The opening sequences jump abruptly from the birth of Sashko to the 2007 autobahn car accident in which his parents are killed on their way back to Bulgaria for the first time since their emigration. Sashko (played as an adult by Carlo Ljubek) is taken to a hospital with amnesia. His grandfather Bai Dan decides to go to Germany and try to help Sashko restore his past. He starts teaching him to play backgammon. After refusing to play, Sashko is forced by his grandfather to leave the hospital and to start a journey with him on a tandem bicycle—a journey back to Bulgaria, to Sashko's past, and to romance and prospects of a happier future.
Awards.
The film has received more than 20 awards at festivals around the world:

</doc>
<doc id="19802681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802681" title="Let Me Be the One">
Let Me Be the One

Let Me Be the One may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19802726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802726" title="The Castle (1964 film)">
The Castle (1964 film)

The Castle () is a 1964 Danish family film directed by Anker Sørensen and starring Malene Schwartz.

</doc>
<doc id="19802728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802728" title="Avraham Herzfeld">
Avraham Herzfeld

Avraham Herzfeld (also Harzfeld) (, 5 June 1891 – 30 August 1973) was a Zionist activist and Israeli politician.
Biography.
Avraham Herzfeld was born in Stavich, Russian Empire (now Ukraine) in 1891. He attended a yeshiva and was certified as a rabbi. In 1906, he joined the Socialist Zionists. He was arrested in Vilna in 1910 for revolutionary activities, and was exiled to Siberia. In 1914, he immigrated to Ottoman Palestine and worked as an agricultural laborer in Petah Tikva.
Public and political career.
During World War I, Herzfeld was active on behalf of Yishuv members arrested by the Ottoman authorities. From 1914 to 1918 he was a member of the Poale Zion party. He was one of the founders of the Ahdut HaAvoda party in 1919 and one of its active members until 1930, when he joined Mapai. In 1920, he was one of the founders of the Histadrut. He was also one of leaders of the Agricultural Association in Palestine.
He headed the settlement department of the Agricultural Association and was involved in the establishment of new settlements for forty years. He was a member of the Jewish National Fund from 1949 to his death. He was known for his habit of bursting into song, sometimes in the middle of his speeches. On the establishment of kibbutz Hatzerim in 1946, he sang a popular song: "This is our fate, / Thus we are commanded, / This is the road, / This our aim, / We have not labored in vain".
In 1949, Herzfeld was elected to the first Knesset for Mapai and remained an MK until 1965. He was a member of the Knesset's Finance Committee, to which he would refer as the "Finance Commission". After his retirement, he worked for the elderly. In 1972, he was awarded the Israel Prize for his special contribution to society and the State. He died in 1973. His house in Holon serves as a museum of the city's history.

</doc>
<doc id="19802806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802806" title="Jonê">
Jonê

Jonê can refer to

</doc>
<doc id="19802816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802816" title="Death Comes at High Noon">
Death Comes at High Noon

Death Comes at High Noon () is a 1964 Danish crime film directed by Erik Balling and starring Poul Reichhardt.

</doc>
<doc id="19802830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802830" title="Jone">
Jone

Jone may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19802870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802870" title="Matthias Finger">
Matthias Finger

Born in 1955, Matthias Finger, a Swiss and French citizen, received his Ph.D. in Education in 1986 and his Ph.D. in Political Science in 1988, both from the University of Geneva. After having been Assistant Professor at Syracuse University, New York (1989-1991) and Associate Professor at Columbia University, New York (1992-1994), Matthias Finger was appointed Full Professor at the Swiss Graduate School of Public Administration (IDHEAP) in Lausanne in 1995. This is where he developed his research on the transformation of the network industries in the postal, the telecommunications, the railways, the electricity, the air transport, and the water sectors.
In his research, he reconciles the liberalization of these sectors with public service objectives by means of new regulatory arrangements, while at the same time promoting a more entrepreneurial behavior of the operators. Matthias Finger was appointed Full Professor at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in October 2002 and Dean of Continuing Education in May 2003.
Prof. Finger is the Academic Program Director of Executive Master in e-Governance and the Dean, School of Continuing Education in College of Management of Technology in EPFL.

</doc>
<doc id="19802907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802907" title="Crush'd">
Crush'd

"Crush'd" is the seventh episode in the third season, the 48th episode overall, of the American dramedy series "Ugly Betty", which aired on November 6, 2008. The episode was written by Tracy Poust and Jon Kinnally and directed by Victor Neili Jr.
Plot.
As the morning starts, Betty decides to go to work early, but that's because she wants to grasp the attention of her neighbor, Jesse, who comes home around the same time Betty leaves for work. Betty is determined to win over her crush, and goes as far as even listening to his demos like they're love letters and talks him up so much that even Daniel starts to tease her. So when she invites him to the "Mode" "Fashion Heats Up" party, Jesse misunderstands and thinks that she wants his band, "Dark Sexual Journey," to play. However, Daniel has already booked Mariah Carey, so Betty instead tells Jesse that he'll play at the rooftop after-party suggested by Amanda.
Speaking of Amanda, she ends up becoming Betty's roommate when she finds herself in financial instability. After getting into serious debt, being evicted and then being thrown out from living overnight at "Mode" (especially after shocking Betty with no clothes on at work), Amanda lands at Betty's doorstep with Halston in tow, which came about after Betty suggested that she ask her friends to help her look for a new place. Unfortunately, this unlikely pairing is way beyond "The Odd Couple," as she borrows Betty's clothes (a blouse becomes a belted dress; leggings become a skin-tight number), eats all her food and keeps her awake at night with her demands. But Amanda seems to have untapped potential. She actually comes up with a few good ideas: Inviting Betty's unknown (to her) crush to the Mode party, while at the same time thinking up the after-party as a get-out-of-debt scheme; advertising it through elite guerrilla marketing. The ploy works and the party becomes a success. With help from the family, Betty comes up with a Mexican-style theme for the over 300 people that will show up at the event.
On the Mode front, both Daniel and Wilhelmina are having problems with their new CFO, Connor. Daniel expects Connor, as his friend, to bow to his wishes, which means not selling any of the Meade Publication titles to offset their deficit, which was one of Connor's suggestions. When Wilhelmina becomes suspicious of Daniel and Connor becoming fast friends, Daniel comes clean about their partnership. Now that Wilhelmina has discovered that she'd been duped by Daniel, she's all set to blackmail Connor to get her way, but unexpectedly develops a crush on him, which has Marc taking notes. However behind the scenes, Claire warns Daniel that he should be careful around Connor, even when Connor is around Wilhelmina.
Marc relationship's with Cliff has taken on a rocky situation, as Cliff proposes that they move in together, which completely freaks out Marc, who's not so sure and go as far as avoiding Cliff. His obvious reluctance shows, and when Cliff didn't get an answer from Marc, Cliff takes off in a huff. 
Later that evening on the way to the after-party, Daniel and Claire learned that Connor has gone ahead and sold off several of Meade's publications meeting with Conde Nast Publications while watching Fashion TV. Also showing up for the event is Wilhelmina, who is stunned that the event is being held on Betty's rooftop. At this point she sees Connor and tries to confront him, but Daniel also shows up and sees Connor as well and is ready to confront him, too. Fed up by the two co-EIC, Connor finally stands up for himself, admitting that he met with Conde Nast Publications to sell a few of Mode's properties and then listing all his bad decisions in his life that Wil might have used to blackmail him, and told both of them that he is "nobody's bitch." Moments later Wilhelmina went up to Connor to apologize and at the same time hopes sparks will fly, but after he accepts, he gets a call on his cell from his fiancee. As he left, Wili felt crushed but she still felt something for Connor.
At the rooftop party, Jesse and his band wows the crowd with their set and even Betty is thrilled to see him perform, even after dedicating a song to a "special girl," which Betty thought was about her. After he finished his set Betty went to look for Jesse at his apartment, only to walk in on Amanda making out with Jesse, The stunned Betty then confronts Amanda for moving in on Jesse and tells her that she is throwing Amanda out of the apartment. As Betty cries her heart out outside the building, Daniel sees her and tells Betty that she'll always be a beautiful woman even if her heart gets broken. Hours later, Amanda realizes why this was so upsetting and tells Betty that "He's stupid. He's not worth it." She then apologizes for what happened and the two make up with Betty allowing her to stay by helping clean up the apartment.
Also, during the evening at Betty's rooftop soiree, Marc, upset over not giving Cliff a answer and not hearing from Cliff for three days, has a tryst with a guy he meets at the event. As he's leaving the guy's apartment, Cliff catches up with him and apologizes for all the pressure he'd been putting on him. In a panic, Marc proposes marriage, on the spot, to Cliff. As they hug, Marc was in shock after Cliff accepts. 
As the dawn breaks, Betty walks into the rooftop and sees Wilhelmina, who asks Betty to sit down next to her and share a drink while watching the sunrise.
Reception.
This episode generally received very good reviews.
In a review from Entertainment Weekly, Tanner Stransky quotes, "On last night's stellar "Ugly Betty", both Jesse (Val Emmich) and Betty (America Ferrera) uttered a catchphrase I'll be incorporating into my vernacular: "You're a snow day." How sweet is that? So simple and so powerful all at the same time. I'm just thinking about how, especially back in my school days, a snow day would make everything better. And that's the idea here, obvs."
As with the previous episode, Television Without Pity also gave this one a A+ for returning to its first season roots: "I rarely think about it when I give the A+, because I basically always give the A+, because I think quantifying art is, if not impossible, at the most subjective to a sort of horrifying degree. At what point do you go from "I liked it" to "it was good"? I don't trust myself to be accurate about that; I feel like it's enough to enjoy the ride they're putting me on as much as possible and getting as much out of it as I can. That way, the burden's on them. Having said that? Best episode in the last year and a half, possibly best altogether since the first season."
Trivia.
The person that says "previously on "Ugly Betty"" is Amanda.
Ratings.
The episode scored a 5.8/9 rating and a 2.7/7 in 18-49s with 9 million viewers overall, an increase of 400,000 viewers from the previous episode. and also the best ratings since the season premiere, The Manhattan Project

</doc>
<doc id="19802909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802909" title="Socialist Zionists">
Socialist Zionists

Socialist Zionists can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19802929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802929" title="Cat Scratch Fever (song)">
Cat Scratch Fever (song)

"Cat Scratch Fever" is a rock song by Ted Nugent that appears on the album of the same name. The song is well known for its signature riff, which is a 3-tone minor-key melody harmonized in parallel fourths. In 2009, it was named the 32nd best hard rock song of all time by VH1.
Lyrics.
The song is about a man chronicling his long history of promiscuous sex, and lamenting (or perhaps, celebrating) his inability to control himself or the women he has sex with, and vice versa. The main reason for his lament is that his active sexual lifestyle results in him getting "Cat Scratch Fever"; however, the narrator does gleefully and explicitly (if somewhat resignedly) describe the pleasure he gets from the sex. The song makes heavy use of cats and their claws scratching things and people as sexual metaphors. The meaning of "Cat Scratch Fever" is more or less left open to the listener's interpretation, but general consensus is that the line refers to the sexually transmitted disease syphilis, as "cat scratch fever" was a common street slang term for the disease in the '70s and the song mentions " to the doctor" and that "you know you got it when/you goin' insane/It makes a grown man cry". Nugent has vehemently protested this interpretation, explaining in 2012 "Are you fucking kidding me? I never had syphilis! It's about the disease of boys craving girls".
Nugent had occasionally introduced the song onstage as "Can't Scratch Her Beaver".
Pantera cover.
The tune was covered by Pantera for the "Detroit Rock City" CD soundtrack. Their version peaked at 40 on the Mainstream Rock chart. Nugent criticized the version claiming, "It was exceedingly white. No soul, no balls, no feel. Caucasian all the way." Nugent later released more positive comments on the group and even mourned the death of Dimebag Darrell saying, "It's a heartbreaker."

</doc>
<doc id="19802932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802932" title="Canoeing at the 1992 Summer Olympics – Women's K-1 500 metres">
Canoeing at the 1992 Summer Olympics – Women's K-1 500 metres

The women's K-1 500 metres event was an individual kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1992 Summer Olympics program.
Results.
Heats.
16 competitors entered in three heats. The heats served as placement rounds for the semifinals.
Semifinals.
Two semifinals were held. The top four finishers in each semifinal and the fastest fifth-place finisher advanced to the final.
Final.
The final was held on August 7. 

</doc>
<doc id="19802948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802948" title="Indian Civil Aviation Airshow">
Indian Civil Aviation Airshow

The Indian Civil Aviation Airshow is a biennial air show held in Hyderabad, India at the Begumpet Airport. The first show, India Aviation 2008, was held from 15 to 18 October 2008. It is organised by the Union civil aviation ministry. Begumpet is preparing to receive the world's largest passenger aircraft after the place was closed for regular commercial operations and is now used only for private, defence and VVIP aircraft ever since the new Rajiv Gandhi International Airport at Shamshabad, Hyderabad became operational. Hyderabad will be a permanent venue for this Airshow.
The show includes both air displays and static exhibitions of various Civil and Military aircraft, along with displays from vendors, suppliers and production organisations. The aircraft, which were on static or flying display, include Boeing 777, Airbus A340 400, Canadian Regional Jet of Bombardier Citation, business jets manufactured by various global leaders, Bell Helicopters, DragonFly, Cessna, Indian-made Pushpak and Indian firm Hindavia's Russian-made regional aircraft Ilyushin Il-114. This is apart from the worlds largest passenger aircraft, the Airbus A380 which made its maiden and historic landing at Hyderabad's Begumpet Airport on 16 October 2008.
The show was unveiled by Union Minister for Civil Aviation Mr. Praful Patel. Top honchos of the aviation industry from India and abroad were a part of the event, including Air India CMD Raghu Menon, Kingfisher Airlines chief Vijay Mallya, former US FAA Administrator Marion C Blakey, AAI chief K Ramalingam, EADS CEO Yves Guillame, GoAir MD Jehangir Wadia, Air Arabia CEO Adel Ali and top-brass of various airport operators, engine, avionics and aircraft manufacturers like Boeing, Airbus, Bombardier and Bell Helicopters.
While the show is meant only for business visitors who are invited, other business visitors (above 18 years) can also visit the show by purchasing an entry ticket. The last day of the 2008 show was open to public.

</doc>
<doc id="19802972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802972" title="Gill, Ludhiana">
Gill, Ludhiana

Gill pind is a large village in Ludhiana district in the Indian state of Punjab.The population was 15,062 at the 2001 Indian census.
Geography.
Gill pind (village) is situated on Ludhiana to Maler Kotla Road.
The village has an area of . The village has its own post office and railway station. This village is well known for Guru Nanak Dev Engineering College a pioneer in technical education. This village is situated in Ludhiana-I block and Ludhiana West tehsil. It is just from the centre of Ludhiana city.
Demographics.
As of the 2001 census, Gill had 15,062 inhabitants, of which 8,126 were male and 6,936 were female. There were 2,892 households. The population was 9,426 according to 1991 census.
The people living here are mostly of Gill clan of Jats.
Nearby village.
Other Village Of Ludhiana District Dakha,Mullanpur.isewal,Phagla,Basimi,Birmi, Malakpur Bet,Humabran,Chack, jangpur, pamal And So many others.

</doc>
<doc id="19802975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19802975" title="0-8-6-0">
0-8-6-0

An 0-8-6-0, in the Whyte notation for the classification of steam locomotives by wheel arrangement, is a locomotive with no leading wheels, eight driving wheels (4 axles) fixed in a rigid frame, six driving wheels (3 axles) and no trailing wheels. 
Examples.
Six locomotives with this wheel arrangement were built by Kitson & Co. as Kitson Meyers for the Transandine Railway, three of which survive today.

</doc>
<doc id="19803017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803017" title="Zanclognatha lunalis">
Zanclognatha lunalis

The Jubilee Fan-foot "(Zanclognatha lunalis)" is a moth of the family Noctuidae. The species can be found in the Palearctic ecozone.
The wingspan is 32–36 mm. The moths flies from June to August depending on the location.
The larvae feed on dried leaves.

</doc>
<doc id="19803019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803019" title="History of Folkestone">
History of Folkestone

The History of Folkestone probably began with the fact of its proximity to the Continent, when groups of Brythonic invaders occupied East Kent. The Romans followed, and after them the Saxons. A Norman knight held the Barony of Folkestone, by which time the settlement had become a fishing village. That led to its entry as a part of the Cinque Ports in the thirteenth century; and with that the privilege of being a wealthy trading port. At the start of the Tudor period it had become a town in its own right. Wars with France meant that defences had to be built here; and soon plans for a Folkestone Harbour began to be made. Folkestone, like most settlements on the south coast, became involved in smuggling during the eighteenth century. At the beginning of the eighteenth a harbour became a reality, but it was the coming of the railways in mid-19th century that proved to be the town’s future. With it came the tourist trade, and the two industries, port and seaside resort, were the making of its prosperity until changes in tourist opportunities in the mid twentieth century brought about its present somewhat depleted fortunes.
Early history.
Whilst the nature of the cliffs in Folkestone means that much archaeological evidence has been lost to the sea, evidence has been found that points to settlement in the area as far back as 5,000 BCE in Neolithic and early Iron Age.
The Romans settled here between 80-350 CE. There are the remains of several buildings, including a large villa discovered in 1921 when a landslip on the East Cliff revealed the remains, complete with bathrooms and hypocausts, a courtyard with a mosaic floor and a kitchen with two fireplaces, this site is currently (2010 - 2011) being re-excavated. A 1st century cemetery was also discovered in 1948 at Cheriton, with both British and Roman remains. The town is not mentioned in any documents of the period, probably since a Roman road did not end here. 
As ‘Folcanstan’ the town first appears in the 7th century, possibly named for its use as the meeting place ('–stone') of someone called Folca. Its recorded history may be viewed as beginning in this period due to the founding, in 630CE, of Folkestone Priory on the West Cliff at Folkestone by King Eadbald of Kent for his daughter Eanswythe (later canonised as St. Eanswythe) and her nuns. This is believed to have been the first Christian community for women in England. Her name lends itself to the parish church of St Mary and St Eanswythe where her mortal remains are believed to be interred. At the same time the King caused a fort to be built alongside. All evidence of both structures have since been destroyed either by sea or attack.
As a result fishermen and farmers began to settle in the valley, although there was still little more than a tiny hamlet on the banks of the river and on the seashore. The town seal shows the saint with two fishes to record this.
Middle Ages.
By 1066 the manor of Folkestone was in the ownership of the church at Canterbury. In 1052 Earl Godwin of Wessex had attacked all the coastal towns, and the area was thought important enough for a Norman to own it. After William I became king he took the barony and made a gift of it to his half-brother Bishop Odo. By 1086, the year of Domesday the barony was held by William D'Arcy. It was given a value of £100 and consisted of about , 5 churches, about 600 people of whom 209 were villains and 83 bondsmen.
In 1095 the lord of the manor was Nigel de Muneville: he built a new church in the town to replace that which was destroyed by Earl Godwin and established Folkestone Priory for Benedictine Monks close to the nunnery site. In 1138 a new church and priory were again built, this time by William D'Averanches and dedicated to St. Mary and St. Eanswythe.
The French took an opportunity to attack Folkestone in 1216 and laid waste to much of the settlement which, although still a village in size, was significant enough to have a Mayor and a Corporation. In 1313 Folkestone received a charter as a Corporate Limb of the Cinque port of Dover, and was thus obliged to supply seven boats. Trade began through the port, especially of wool, but also of luxury goods such as wines and cloth.
16th/17th centuries.
The Tudor period again saw fears of French invasion, and coastal defences were strengthened. Gun sites were prepared on the Bayle headland. During the reign of Queen Elizabeth I Folkestone contained about 120 houses. Folkestone Manor was one of the most prosperous in Kent. In 1545 the Town Council was again enlarged; and harbour plans, to replace the ancient Stade where boats had been landing, were drawn up in 1629, although they came to nothing.
At this time, too, the "Free School", for poor boys, was established in 1684, by William Harvey's legacy; it was later to become Harvey Grammar School. A Guildhall was also built. By 1700 the town was expanding away from the beach area, up on to the hills on either side of the stream valley, although there were still pastures and orchards in the valley.
In 1794 the War Office purchased over 229 acres (930,000 m²) of open land at Shorncliffe, to the west of Folkestone. Here the Shorncliffe Redoubt was built; in 1796 the Garrison was further extended with the provision of barracks for housing troops, originally being sent off to the Peninsula Wars, were stationed there. In 1804 the original wooden barracks were replaced with buildings of stone construction and were used to house cavalry and artillery brigades. Subsequent wars have seen many thousands of troops here: the present Sir John Moore Barracks is the home of Gurkha Regiment in Britain.
18th/19th centuries.
The beginning of this period coincided with smuggling which was rife throughout the South Coast of England. Local people were generally favourably inclined towards them, and Folkestone dwellers were no exception. The main storage area for smuggled goods was The Warren, to the east of the town. 
The 19th century saw Folkestone Harbour become a reality; and the coming of the railways heralded the start of a new industry to the town: that of tourism, although this was to be relatively much later than its neighbours of Margate, Ramsgate and Broadstairs. Most of the facilities expected of a seaside resort - a pleasure pier, a bathing establishment, theatres - only appeared after the 1880s.
20th century.
In the First World War the town became host to some 65,000 Belgian refugees fleeing the conflict. Shorncliffe Camp served as a training camp for thousands of recruits in training, and the port was the main embarkation point for soldiers leaving to fight in the trenches of France and Belgium. Whole blocks of houses, hotels and other buildings were commandeered for the hundreds of thousands of soldiers, including many Canadian troops. They marched through the town to the harbour along the route now called the "Road of Remembrance". 
In general, little serious damage was done to Folkestone during WWI, although on May 25, 1917 low cloud over London caused a 21 strong wave of Gotha bombers to abort a raid on the capital. The Luftstreitkräfte aircraft turned for home and detached their bombs mainly in the Folkestone district, killing 71 people and injuring 94 more.
After the war a good deal of refurbishment was required: requisitioned buildings had to be made ready for holidaymakers. New buildings to attract them were built: the Marina and new pleasure gardens were established, and the Marine Pavilion built. But this was not to last for long, for much worse befell the town in World War II. 
At the very beginning of that war thousands of school children were evacuated to the town, but were soon sent elsewhere in 1940. Within a few weeks Folkestone became a prohibited area and 35,000 residents left. Defences around the town were set up: tank traps, barbed wire surrounded it, and gun batteries set upon the heights. In this war the town was under constant attack: bombs and shelling (from across the Channel) and later flying bombs caused immense damage, and Folkestone was to be changed forever. Casualties were high: 123 people were killed, and 778 injured. 550 houses had been destroyed, 14,441 properties damaged. It took almost twenty years before Folkestone was again to become a holiday resort.
In July 1967 an attempt was made to retrieve the cargo of the Kielce, a Polish munitions ship that had sunk in 1946 off Folkestone. During preliminary work, the ordnance in the vessel’s hold exploded with force equivalent to an earthquake measuring 4.5 on the Richter scale, digging a six-metre deep crater in the seabed and causing panic in Folkestone, although no-one was injured.

</doc>
<doc id="19803040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803040" title="Christian Collett Kjerschow">
Christian Collett Kjerschow

Christian Collett Hersleb Kjerschow (23 August 1821 – 10 April 1889) was a Norwegian politician.
He was born in Aker as the oldest son of bishop Peder Christian Hersleb Kjerschow (1786–1866) and his wife Johanne Benedicte Collett (1802–1851). His younger sister Caroline Sophie Erasmine Kjerschow married businessman Jacob Andreas Michelsen, and was the mother of Christian Michelsen. Christian Kjerschow was also a maternal grandson of mining director Christian Ancher Collett.
Christian Collett Kjerschow married Nancy Adelaide Esbensen. They had several children. In the 1902 census his family were registered with two servants. Their sons Peder and Karald and grandson Arild all became jurists.
Christian Collett Kjerschow was elected from the constituency "Tromsø, Hammerfest, Vardø og Vadsø" to the Norwegian Parliament in 1868. At that time he served as stipendiary magistrate ("byfoged") and chief of police. He then served as County Governor of "Tromsøe Amt" (Troms) from 1869 to 1889.

</doc>
<doc id="19803049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803049" title="Iraj Zandi">
Iraj Zandi

Iraj Zandi (born in Tehran, Iran, in July 1929) is an Emeritus Professor of Systems & National Center Professor of Resource Management and Technology at the University of Pennsylvania. Since about 1990 he has been conducting research in the area of system methodology with particular interest in problem formulation and planning.
Sources.
http://www.seas.upenn.edu/~zandi/

</doc>
<doc id="19803080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803080" title="List of monarchs of the Netherlands">
List of monarchs of the Netherlands

This is a list of monarchs of the Netherlands (Dutch: "Koningen der Nederlanden"). The list includes the stadtholders of the House of Orange Nassau since 1556, who were voted into office by the semi-independent provinces of the Dutch Republic and the States-General, but acted "de facto" (and later also "de jure") as hereditary heads of state. They are the direct male line ancestors of the later monarchs when the monarchy was established in 1815.
Dutch Republic (1581–1795).
The origin of the Dutch monarchy can be traced back to the appointment of William I, Prince of Orange as stadtholder of Holland, Zeeland and Utrecht in 1559 by Philip II of Spain. However, he was removed from office and became the leader of the Dutch Revolt. Consequently, the States-General appointed him as stadtholder of both rebelling provinces, Holland and Zeeland, in 1572. During the Dutch Revolt, most of the Dutch provinces declared their independence with the Act of Abjuration, signed on 26 July 1581 in The Hague conform the decision made by the States-General. The representative function of the stadtholder became obsolete in the rebellious northern Netherlands – the feudal Lord himself having been abolished – but the office nevertheless continued in these provinces who now united themselves into the Republic of the Seven United Netherlands.
All stadtholders after William I were drawn from his descendants or the descendants of his brother. William VI, Prince of Orange was the son of the last stadtholder. After the defeat of Napoleon I in 1813, he was inaugurated as 'Sovereign Monarch' of the United Netherlands, and came to be known as William I.
Stadtholderate under the House of Orange-Nassau.
When William III died childless, the patrilineal ancestry of Orange-Nassau became extinct. In contrast to other provinces of the Dutch Republic, Friesland, Groningen and Drenthe had mostly drawn its stadtholders from the House of Nassau, that starting with John VI, the brother of William of Orange, and comprises in addition a matrilineal ancestry with the house of Orange-Nassau.

</doc>
<doc id="19803084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803084" title="Jean-Claude Larréché">
Jean-Claude Larréché

Jean-Claude Larréché (born 3 July 1947) is a French organizational theorist, and the Alfred H. Heineken Chaired Professor of marketing at INSEAD, a post he has held since 1993. He is known for his pioneering work in the use of computer simulations (i.e. simulation games) in marketing training, his work at INSEAD on marketing excellence and customer focus, and his book "The Momentum Effect".
Biography.
Larréché received his degree for Ingénieur en électronique from INSA, Lyon in 1968, his MSc in Computer Science from the University of London in 1969, his MBA, INSEAD and his PhD at the Graduate School of Business of the Stanford University.
After completing his MBA in 1970 Larreche was working as a research assistant an INSEAD when he was asked to assist L’Oreal assess a computerised marketing model they were considering purchasing. He was fascinated by it and "decided to investigate the best places in the world to study marketing modelling." . Larréché is quoted as saying that he chose Stanford for his PhD so that he could study under Dave Montgomery, one of the founders of marketing modelling.
Between 1974 and 1977, working with an assistant, Hubert Gatignon, he developed his work on marketing modelling to create a teaching simulation called Markstrat . Markstrat is a game where teams of students compete against each other in an artificial world under realistic market conditions. It is claimed that Markstrat is now used in 8 out of the top 10 business schools in the world and 25 of the top 30 schools in the US.
In 1983, at the age of just 36 Larréché was appointed to the board of Reckitt & Coleman (now Reckitt Benckiser plc) in a non-executive role after previously working for the firm in a consultancy capacity . He remained on the board for 18 years. He founded a consultancy business, StratX, in 1984 .
During the 1990s Larreche’s work began to concentrate on the underlying capabilities that impact on a business’s ability to compete in the marketplace. He published a series of reports based on surveys conducted with more than 1200 executives in hundreds of Fortune 1000 companies. The surveys attempted to define and evaluate the attributes, characteristics and behaviours of large global firms and assess their impact on corporate performance. That work, combined with computer modelling and his long-time work on customer focus, converged on the concept of “momentum” – an attempt to map out a process for improving the efficiency of a firm’s growth. The culmination of this period of Larreche’s work was the publication in 2008 of "The Momentum Effect: How to ignite exceptional growth" .
He received the following awards:

</doc>
<doc id="19803088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803088" title="Ingrid Haebler">
Ingrid Haebler

Ingrid Haebler (born Vienna, Austria, June 20, 1929) is an Austrian pianist. Studied at the Salzburg Mozarteum, Vienna Music Academy, Geneva Conservatory and privately in Paris with Marguerite Long. She toured worldwide, but is best known for a series of recordings from the 1950s to 1980s. Her complete recording of Mozart's piano sonatas for the Denon label are still regarded as among the finest sets, and were the source for the pirated cycle attributed falsely to Joyce Hatto. Haebler also recorded all of Mozart's piano concertos (almost all of them twice)- often with her own cadenzas - and all of Schubert's sonatas. She was one of several Austrian musicians to experiment early with period instruments, having recorded music of J. C. Bach on a fortepiano. Her recordings of Beethoven with violinist Henryk Szeryng are particularly prized.

</doc>
<doc id="19803092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803092" title="Elliott Whitehead">
Elliott Whitehead

Elliott Whitehead is a rugby league player who currently plays for Bradford Bulls.
Whitehead, 19, who was an electrician toured Australia with England Academy in the summer of 2008. 
In the 2008 season and he won the players’ player of the year award.
Bradford Bulls.
Statistics do NOT include pre-season friendlies.
2009 - 2009 Season 
Elliott Whitehead made his Super League debut against Wakefield Trinity Wildcats. He featured in the next three games against Warrington Wolves, St Helens RLFC and Leeds Rhinos. He played in three consecutive games from Round 21 (Wigan Warriors) to Round 23 (Crusaders RL). He scored a try against Crusaders RL.
2010 - 2010 Season
Elliott featured in three pre-season friendlies. He played against Castleford Tigers, Dewsbury Rams and Hull KR. He scored a try in every game.
Whitehead featured in 26 consecutive games from Round 2 (St Helens RLFC) to Round 27 (Wigan Warriors). He also played in the Challenge Cup games against Dewsbury Rams, Leigh Centurions and Warrington Wolves. Whitehead scored against Castleford Tigers (2 tries), Hull KR (1 try), Leeds Rhinos (1 try), Crusaders RL (1 try), Harlequins RL (1 try), Salford City Reds (1 try), Wakefield Trinity Wildcats (1 try) and Dewsbury Rams (1 try).
2011 - 2011 Season
Whitehead appeared in three of the four pre-season games. He played against Halifax RLFC, Dewsbury Rams and Wakefield Trinity Wildcats. He scored a try against Halifax.
Elliott has featured in 24 consecutive games from Round 1 (Leeds Rhinos) to Round 24 (Hull KR). He has also featured in the Challenge Cup games against Halifax RLFC and Wigan Warriors. He scored tries against Leeds Rhinos (3 tries), Wigan Warriors (2 tries), Warrington Wolves (1 try), Harlequins RL (1 try) and Halifax RLFC (1 try). He was suspended for the rest of the season.
2012 - 2012 Season
Whitehead did not feature in any pre-season games due to being suspended.
Elliott missed Round 1 due to suspension. Whitehead featured in 26 consecutive games from Round 2 (Castleford Tigers) to Round 27 (Catalans Dragons). He also featured in the Challenge Cup against Doncaster RLFC and Warrington Wolves. Whitehead scored tries against Wakefield Trinity Wildcats (4 tries), St Helens (1 try), Salford City Reds (1 try), Doncaster RLFC (3 tries), Leeds Rhinos (2 tries), Wigan Warriors (1 try), London Broncos (1 try), Warrington Wolves (1 try) and Hull KR (1 try).
Whitehead signed a new 5 Year Deal with the Bulls mid-way through the season.
2013 - 2013 Season
Whitehead featured in the pre-season friendlies against Dewsbury Rams and Leeds Rhinos. He scored against Dewsbury Rams (4 tries).
He featured in 17 consecutive games from Round 1 (Wakefield Wildcats) to Round 17 (Hull KR). Whitehead featured in the Challenge Cup against Rochdale Hornets and London Broncos. Elliott scored against Widnes Vikings (1 try), London Broncos (2 tries) and Rochdale Hornets (3 tries). Midway through the 2013 season Whitehead handed in a transfer request.
Catalan Dragons.
It was announced mid-way through the 2013 season that Whitehead had signed a 2 and a half year deal with the Catalan Dragons after handing in a transfer request at Bradford Bulls.
Statistics do NOT include pre-season friendlies.
2013 - 2013
He featured in Round 21 (London Broncos) to Round 27 (Warrington Wolves). Whitehead featured in the playoffs against Hull FC. 
He scored against Salford City Reds (1 try).
2014 - 2014
Whitehead featured in Round 1 (Hull FC) to Round 3 (Leeds Rhinos). He scored against Hull FC (1 try).
International Career.
Whitehead made his debut for the England Knights in a 52-16 victory against Samoa.
External links.
Elliot is the assistant coach of his original club, Pennine League Premier division side, West Bowling ARLFC.

</doc>
<doc id="19803094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803094" title="Mota Amaral">
Mota Amaral

João Bosco Soares da Mota Amaral (born Ponta Delgada, São Miguel, Azores, 15 April 1943), is a Portuguese politician. He served as the first President of the Autonomous Regional Government of the Azores from 1976 to 1995.
Career.
He earned a Master's degree in Law from the Faculty of Law of the University of Lisbon and is a Doctorate "honoris causa" in Economic Sciences from the University of the Azores.
He integrated the Liberal Wing, led by Francisco Sá Carneiro, and was elected a Deputy to the National Assembly in 1969.
He was one of the Founders of the then Popular Democratic Party (PPD) in May 1974, a month after the Carnation Revolution, together with Francisco Sá Carneiro, Francisco Pinto Balsemão, Joaquim Magalhães Mota, Carlos Mota Pinto, Alberto João Jardim, António Barbosa de Melo and António Marques Mendes, being responsible for the Foundation of the branch of Azores, becoming a Deputy to the Constituint Assembly and to the Assembly of the Republic in all legislatures.
He was the first President of the Azores from 1976 to 1995.
He was the Vice-President of the Assembly of the Portuguese Republic in the 7th and the 8th Legislatures (30 October 1995 - 4 April 2002) and a Member of the Delegation of the Assembly of the Republic to the Parliamentary Assembly of the European Council and the Western European Union in the same Legislatures, reintegrating them into the 10th.
He was President of the Assembly of the Republic of Portugal from 9 April 2002 to 9 March 2005.
He was also a Member of the Portuguese Council of State from 1982 to 1995 and the President of the Azores again from 9 April 2002 to 9 March 2005 as the President of the Assembly of the Republic.
Family.
He has never been married and has no children.

</doc>
<doc id="19803099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803099" title="Cloaked Pug">
Cloaked Pug

The Cloaked Pug "(Eupithecia abietaria)" is a moth of the family Geometridae. The species can be found in Europe, east to Siberia.
The wingspan is 21–23 mm. The moths flies from June to July depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Picea abies", "Picea sitchensis" and "Abies procera".
Subspecies.
There are two regognised subspecies:

</doc>
<doc id="19803106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803106" title="Nadir (topography)">
Nadir (topography)

In topography, a nadir is a point on a surface that is lower in elevation than all points immediately adjacent to it. Mathematically, a nadir is a local minimum of elevation. A nadir may be the lowest point of a dry basin or depression, or the deepest point of a body of water or ice. The nadir of a body of water is often called a "deep", as in the Challenger Deep, the nadir of the Earth's oceans.

</doc>
<doc id="19803122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803122" title="Lou Brown">
Lou Brown

Lou Brown (born 1978) is an English singer-songwriter who received the 2003 Southwest's Young Achiever of the Year Award and took part in the Prince's Trust's "Soundlive" programme, where she was offered the opportunity to learn skills from professional working musicians, and subsequently won a grant from the Trust to fund her first major album project. In addition to releasing two albums, "What Are You Singing About" (2006) and "Calm the Rising Waters" (2010), she performed at Glastonbury Festival 2009 and appeared on BBC Radio 2's "Wake Up to Wogan".
A native of the Dorset seaside resort town of Bournemouth, Lou Brown describes herself as a folk artist and, in his March 2009 "Folk World" review of "What Are You Singing About", Adolf Goriup wrote that "Lou is a wonderful singer with a soft voice and a great feeling for rhythm, which she proves with the outstanding opening song 'Morning Light'", concluding the write-up with, "Lou Brown has recorded an album that is really worth listening to... I’m sure you’ll like it." The album received airplay on regional UK radio stations such as Wave 105, Original 106 in Southampton and Bristol, Forest FM, BBC Radio Bristol, BBC Radio Gloucestershire, BBC Southern Counties Radio, BBC Somerset and BBC Radio Solent. After years of gigging extensively around the UK, she took the album to America in 2008, playing a series of dates in Chicago and Iowa. Back in the UK, she played support slots for Hazel O'Connor, Paul Young, Boo Hewerdine, Albert Lee, Clive Gregson, and Steve Tilston. Her 29 June 2009 national radio debut on BBC Radio 2's "Wake Up to Wogan" came about in the aftermath of the Glastonbury Festival appearance. In 2010, her second album, "Calm the Rising Waters", produced by Clive Gregson, was released.

</doc>
<doc id="19803124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803124" title="Prva HNL Academy">
Prva HNL Academy

The Prva HNL Academy is the top level of youth association football in Croatia. It is contested between the academy sides of the Prva HNL clubs.
The league is organised by the Professional Football Clubs Association, and the Croatian Football Federation. 
Since its inception in 1991, the youth league has been contested in two age categories:

</doc>
<doc id="19803148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803148" title="Eupithecia linariata">
Eupithecia linariata

The Toadflax Pug "(Eupithecia linariata)" is a moth of the family Geometridae. The species can be found in Europe and from Anatolia to Tajikistan and Iran.
The wingspan is 11–16 mm. The moth flies from April to October depending on the location. There is one generation per year.
The larvae feed on "Linaria vulgaris" and cultivated "Antirrhinum" species. Larvae are found from May to October. It overwinters in the pupal stage.

</doc>
<doc id="19803181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803181" title="Donington le Heath Manor House Museum">
Donington le Heath Manor House Museum

Donington le Heath Manor House Museum is a surviving example of a manor house built around seven hundred years ago in Donington le Heath, near the town of Coalville, Leicestershire. It was once owned by a relative of one of the Gunpowder plotters, and is now managed by Leicestershire County Council.
History.
The museum is based in a medieval manor house, believed to date back to 1280. From the style of the architecture of the parts of the building and from tree-ring dating of some of the timbers still present, the present house at Donington was probably built between 1288 and 1295.
Some of the features of the house along with tree-ring dating of the timbers in the roof show that the Manor House was heavily modernised around 1618. It appears that at this time, the downstairs storerooms were converted into a kitchen and a parlour. A new roof was put on and the rooms upstairs were remodelled with a new internal staircase. Externally, the most obvious addition from this period are the large rectangular mullioned windows. At this time, the house was probably owned by John Digby, whose elder brother, Everard Digby was a close friend of Guy Fawkes and was executed in 1606 for his part in the Gunpowder Plot.
From 1670 to 1960, the house was rented out as a tenant farm and Leicestershire County Council bought the Manor House in 1965 to preserve the building for future generations. The Manor House was opened as a museum in 1973.
Gunpowder Plot.
Donington le Heath Manor House was owned, during the 15th and 16th Century, by the Digby family.
Sir John Digby fought at the Bosworth Battlefield in 1485 for Henry Tudor. When Henry defeated King Richard III and became King Henry VII he would have rewarded his supporters and it may be the case that he gave back the lands that the Digbys had lost in 1462 for their opposition to the previous kings.
During 1574, the property was owned by Everard Digby. Everard was a close friend of Guy Fawkes and he was executed in 1606 for being one of the Gunpowder Plotters.
Museum.
Visitors to the Manor House can see restored rooms and displays on medieval life as well as a series of temporary exhibitions on a wide range of subjects. The house is set in recently recreated 17th century style gardens with flower gardens, an orchard, herb gardens and a maze.
The Manor House is noted for its lively series of monthly events that use re-enactment, crafts, hands-on activities and specialist demonstrations to interpret Leicestershire's history and archaeology to visitors of all ages.
The Museum also houses the stone barn Classics Tea Room, which serves home made cakes, light meals and refreshments.
The Museum is accredited by the Museums, Libraries and Archives Council (MLA).
Events.
Leicestershire County Council produce an Events Guide that lists all Donington le Heath Manor House Museum events.
Educational resources.
Donington le Heath Manor House Museum also has an experienced education team that can offer a wide range of workshop and outreach sessions which aim to make learning fun for children in Leicestershire.
Friends.
The Friends organisation for Donington exists to support the museum's further development through fundraising, help with events and guided tours and to help research the history of the Manor House building and its locality. The Friends of Donington le Heath Manor House is a Registered charity Number 1084997.

</doc>
<doc id="19803184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803184" title="Eupithecia irriguata">
Eupithecia irriguata

The Marbled Pug "(Eupithecia irriguata)" is a moth of the family Geometridae. The species can be found in Europe and North Africa.
The wingspan is 18–20 mm. The moths flies from April to June depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Quercus" leaves.

</doc>
<doc id="19803216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803216" title="Albert Frey">
Albert Frey

Albert Frey may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19803219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803219" title="Eupithecia insigniata">
Eupithecia insigniata

The Pinion-spotted Pug "(Eupithecia insigniata)" is a moth of the family Geometridae. The species can be found in Europe and Eastern Asia.
The wingspan is 18–22 mm. The moths flies from April to May depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Crataegus" and "Malus" species.

</doc>
<doc id="19803220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803220" title="Battle of the Marshes (disambiguation)">
Battle of the Marshes (disambiguation)

Battle of the Marshes can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19803224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803224" title="Peter Cox (musician)">
Peter Cox (musician)

Peter John Cox (born 17 November 1955) is an English singer-songwriter, best known as one half of the 1980s pop/blue-eyed soul duo Go West.
Early career and Go West.
As a child, Cox was a member of his school choir, and at eighteen, he joined a soul band. It was whilst playing in clubs that he met Richard Drummie, with whom he signed a publishing deal. For the next few years, Cox and Drummie tried to land a recording contract, but failed. It was when their manager, John Glover, suggested they recorded a few tracks with the help of a new record producer that Go West began to succeed.
After signing a deal with Chrysalis Records, their first single, "We Close Our Eyes", was a Top 5 hit in the UK Singles Chart. Other singles included "Call Me" and "Don't Look Down." The following year, Go West were named 'Best Newcomers' at the 1986 BRIT Awards.
In 1990 the group successfully cracked the other side of the Atlantic when they released the single, "The King of Wishful Thinking", a song which featured on the soundtrack of the film "Pretty Woman". Subsequent releases from the band received several awards based on airplay in America.
Solo career.
Cox moved to Los Angeles in 1993 to pursue a solo career. His self-titled album "Peter Cox" was released in 1997 to critical acclaim. Songs on the album included "Ain't Gonna Cry Again", "What a Fool Believes" and "If You Walk Away". Other solo albums were "Flame Still Burns" (2001), "Nine Miles High" (2002), "Desert Blooms" (2002), "Game For Fools" (2005) and "Motor City Music" (2006). Cox also teamed up with Tony Hadley on the album "Tony Hadley vs Peter Cox & Go West", released in 2004. Another artist he collaborated with was Bernie Nolan.
In 2003, Cox replaced Then Jerico's Mark Shaw on the UK TV reality show, "Reborn in the USA", after Shaw stormed off the series in the show's first few days. Even though Cox had achieved previous success across the Atlantic as part of Go West, he was able to go on the show as none of his solo singles had found success in the United States. Cox was a favourite to win, but was voted off in New York after he forgot the lyrics to the Norah Jones hit he was performing. Following his departure from the show, Cox reunited with old bandmate Drummie, and the eventual winner Tony Hadley, for a three month UK tour.
In 2007 Cox, Drummie, and a new line-up of their band, appeared on "Jim'll Fix It:Strikes again" to recreate a famous 'fix it' from 1986. A year later, they released the album, "Futurenow", and toured the UK. 
On 16 October 2009, he was announced as the new lead singer with Manfred Mann's Earth Band following the departure of Noel McCalla.
His first public appearance with them was on 19 October 2009 at The Brook in Southampton, England.
In April 2010, his latest album, "The S1 Sessions" was released. It was a collection of eleven songs which included cover versions of Lonestar's song "Amazed", and the Leon Russell song, "This Masquerade".

</doc>
<doc id="19803240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803240" title="Ehrlichiosis ewingii infection">
Ehrlichiosis ewingii infection

Ehrlichiosis ewingii infection is an infectious disease caused by an intracellular bacteria, "Ehrlichia ewingii". The infection is transmitted to humans by the tick, "Amblyomma americanum". This tick can also transmit "Ehrlichia chaffeensis", the bacteria that causes Human monocytic ehrlichiosis (HME).
Mechanism of Illness.
Humans contract the disease after a bite by an infected tick of the species "Amblyomma americanum".
Those with an underlying immunodeficiency (such as HIV) appear to be at greater risk of contracting the disease. Compared to HME, ewingii ehrlichiosis has a decreased incidence of complications.
Like Anaplasma phagocytophilum, the causative agent of human granulocytic ehrlichiosis, Ehrlichia ewingii infects neutrophils. Infection with "E. ewingii" may delay neutrophil apoptosis.
Symptoms.
Patients can present with fever, headache, myalgias, and malaise. Laboratory tests may reveal thrombocytopenia, leukopenia, and evidence of liver damage.
Diagnosis.
In endemic areas, a high index of suspicion is warranted, especially with a known exposure to ticks. The diagnosis can be confirmed by using PCR. A peripheral blood smear can also be examined for intracytoplasmic inclusions called morulae.
Treatment.
The treatment of choice is doxycycline.

</doc>
<doc id="19803252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803252" title="Pawtuckaway">
Pawtuckaway

Pawtuckaway can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19803258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803258" title="Eupithecia phoeniceata">
Eupithecia phoeniceata

The Cypress Pug "(Eupithecia phoeniceata)" is a moth of the family Geometridae. The species can be found in Europe.
The wingspan is 18–22 mm. The moths flies from August to September depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Cupressus macrocarpa" and other cultivars.

</doc>
<doc id="19803280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803280" title="Tewo">
Tewo

Tewo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19803289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803289" title="Eupithecia dodoneata">
Eupithecia dodoneata

The Oak-tree Pug "(Eupithecia dodoneata)" is a moth of the family Geometridae. The species can be found in Europe.
The wingspan is 19–22 mm. The moths flies from May to June depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Crataegus" and "Quercus" species.

</doc>
<doc id="19803315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803315" title="Canoeing at the 1992 Summer Olympics – Women's K-2 500 metres">
Canoeing at the 1992 Summer Olympics – Women's K-2 500 metres

The women's K-2 500 metres event was a pairs kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1992 Summer Olympics program.
Results.
Heats.
18 crews entered in three heats. These rounds were used for seeding in the semifinals.
Semifinals.
The top four finishers in each semifinal and the fastest fifth-place finisher advanced to the final.
Final.
The final was held on August 7. 

</doc>
<doc id="19803321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803321" title="Fionn Ó Lochlainn">
Fionn Ó Lochlainn

Fionn Ó Lochlainn is a New York based recording artist and instrumentalist.
Biography.
Background.
Born and raised in London, England, Fionn Ó Lochlainn is the grandson of Irish Traditional collector, publisher and musician Colm Ó Lochlainn, and the son of Irish musician and photographer Ruan Ó Lochlainn and Scottish and English photographer Jackie Mackay.
Career.
Fionn Ó Lochlainn's career as a musician includes performances and recordings with many artists, including Seal, Des'ree, Joe Cocker, Billy Bragg, Jason Rebello, Oleta Adams, Shara Nelson, Andrea Bocelli, Youssou N'Dour, Diane Birch, Cindy Blackman, Tony DeMarco, Paddy Keenan and Dónal Lunny. While with Lunny he played with Sinéad O'Connor, Paul Brady, Sharon Shannon, Liam Ó Maonlaí and Tommy Peoples. His work with Lunny culminated in the acclaimed album "Coolfin" (1998).
Ó Lochlainn was producer of and instrumentalist on "Just Perfect" by Tracy Bonham, which appeared on the Grammy-nominated "Bridget Jones's Diary" movie soundtrack (2001).
Ó Lochlainn was a founding member of the band Hookah Brown with Bill Dobrow, John Hogg and Rich Robinson, with whom he toured in the US and Canada. Hookah Brown broke up in 2003.
Ó Lochlainn released his satirically titled debut album "Spawn of the Beast" in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19803330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803330" title="Muallaf">
Muallaf

Muallaf is a 2008 Malaysian drama film directed by Yasmin Ahmad. It tells a tale of three souls finding solace in religion. This is Yasmin Ahmad's fifth film after "Rabun", "Sepet", "Gubra" and "Mukhsin".
Cast.
"Footnote:"
Screening.
As Yasmin's previous films, "Muallaf" opened with the usual Islamic verse "In the name of God, the most Gracious and most Merciful" (Bismillahirahmanirrahim). What set "Muallaf" apart from her previous works was that the verse was displayed in Chinese in this movie, i.e. "奉大仁大慈真主的尊名" (Pinyin: fèng dà rén dà cí Zhēn Zhǔ de zūn míng). It was understood that the verse would be displayed in Tamil in her next film, "Talentime".
As Yasmin's second feature film, "Sepet", "Muallaf" was first screened in Singapore instead of Malaysia, where it was shot. The film ran for 4 weeks in Singapore from 27 November to 24 December 2008, recording turnouts more than that of "Sepet". "Muallaf" was first denied screening in Malaysian cinemas due to the Malaysian censorship authorities request of key scenes to be cut, thus rendering the story meaningless. However, 1 year later, "Muallaf" finally opens in Malaysia nationwide on 24/12/09 with a few dialogues muted.
Trivia.
The scene where Rohani was forcibly shaved bald had incurred the wrath of several local religious scholars on the pretext that it is forbidden in Islam for a Muslim female to shave her head.
Reviews and Interviews with Yasmin Ahmad on the film.
Singapore
Indonesia
Malaysia

</doc>
<doc id="19803346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803346" title="Survivor in Love">
Survivor in Love

Survivor in Love is the second and final album by pop group Baltimora. The album was only released in select countries, such as Italy, Germany, UK, Japan, and Mexico. It was later re-released in 2003 on CD to many more countries, including the United States and Canada due to the current dance/pop uprise in recent years, as well as for Baltimora fans who hadn't received the original LP in their home countries. The reason the album wasn't released in certain countries in 1987 was due to the poor sales of the singles (except Tarzan Boy) on the group's previous album, "Living in the Background".
"Key Key Karimba", "Global Love" and "Call Me in the Heart of the Night" were released as singles from the album.
"Call Me in the Heart of the Night" was included on the 1988 Dutch various artists compilation "Summer 1988 - Flying High! - The Euro Hits Collection".

</doc>
<doc id="19803349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803349" title="Eupithecia millefoliata">
Eupithecia millefoliata

The Yarrow Pug ("Eupithecia millefoliata") is a moth of the family Geometridae. The species can be found in Europe and Russia.
The wingspan is ca. 21 mm. The moths flies from June to July depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Achillea millefolium".

</doc>
<doc id="19803368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803368" title="Thorleif Frederik Schjelderup">
Thorleif Frederik Schjelderup

Thorleif Frederik Schjelderup (1859 – 1931) was a Norwegian businessperson.
Personal life.
He was born in Christiania as the son of Thorleif Schjelderup and Fredrikke Marie Caspary. His older sister Berte married Bredo Henrik von Munthe af Morgenstierne, son of Vilhelm Ludvig Herman von Munthe af Morgenstierne.
Thorleif Frederik Schjelderup married Inga Berven. Their son Gunnar Schjelderup became a businessperson, while their other son Ferdinand Schjelderup became a judge. Through Ferdinand he was the grandfather of Olympic bronze medal ski jumper Thorleif Schjelderup.
Career.
Thorleif Frederik Schjelderup graduated as cand.jur. in 1882, but concentrated on a business career as he in 1884 entered the family company "Ludwigsen & Schjelderup". He eventually became the single owner of the company, which was nationally leading in the grain and flour business.
He was also the major shareholder of the forestry and timber company Enso-Gutzeit until 1919, and a co-owner of the iron- and steelware factory Christiania Spigerverk. His son Gunnar took over here in 1926.

</doc>
<doc id="19803378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803378" title="Maqu">
Maqu

Maqu may refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="19803384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803384" title="Hill Prince Stakes">
Hill Prince Stakes

The Hill Prince Stakes is an American Grade III Thoroughbred horse race contested annually in early June at Belmont Park in Elmont, New York. Open to three-year-old horses, it is raced on turf at a distance of one mile (8 furlongs). 
Inaugurated in 1975, from its inception through 2005 it was raced at 1 1/8 miles (9 furlongs). The Hill Prince Stakes was hosted by the Aqueduct Racetrack in Queens, New York in 1979, 1980, and again in 1982. 
The race is named for Christopher Chenery's Hall of Fame colt, Hill Prince.
The race was run in two divisions in 1982.
Records.
Speed record: (at current distance of one mile)
Most wins by an owner:
Most wins by a jockey:
Most wins by a trainer:
Earlier winners.
‡ In 2003 & 1998, the race was run off the turf, but retained its GIII status.<br>
† In 1992 Casino Magistrate finished first but was disqualified and set back to second.<br>
† In 1975 Annie's Brat finished first, but was disqualified and set back to second.<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19803390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803390" title="Supreme Macedonian-Adrianople Committee">
Supreme Macedonian-Adrianople Committee

They became known as the "supremists" or ""varhovists"" since they were based outside of Macedonia. The supremists resorted to terrorism against the Ottomans in the hope of provoking a war and thus Bulgarian annexation of Macedonia. Several months after the formation of the Supreme Committee, the latter formed several detachments out of Bulgarian emigrants, revolutionaries, soldiers and officers from the army, almost all of them born in Macedonia or Thrace. Four detachments succeeded in entering Macedonia and only one - Thrace. For a time in the late 1890s the Internal Macedonian-Adrianople Revolutionary Organization (IMARO) leaders managed to gain control of the Supreme Committee but it soon split into two factions: one loyal to the IMARO and one led by some officers close to the Bulgarian prince. The second one staged an ill-fated uprising in Eastern Macedonia in 1902, where they were opposed militarily by local IMARO bands led by Yane Sandanski and Hristo Chernopeev, who were later to become the leaders of the IMARO left wing. During the Ilinden Uprising insurgent detachments of the Supreme Committee, held down a large Turkish force. These actions began on the day of the Feast of the Cross and did not involve the local population as much as in other regions, and were well to the east of Monastir and to the west of Thrace. After the failure of the uprising the Bulgarian government dissolved the Committee under Ottoman pressure.

</doc>
<doc id="19803391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803391" title="Lazio regional election, 2005">
Lazio regional election, 2005

The Lazio regional election of 2005 took place on 3-4 April 2005.
Piero Marrazzo (Indep. The Olive Tree, The Union) defeated incumbent Francesco Storace (National Alliance, House of Freedoms).
The defeat in Lazio for House of Freedoms was especially important as the centre-right expected to maintain control of the Region. Storace, a leading member in the centre-right, was subsequently granted the status of Minister of Public Health in Berlusconi III Cabinet.
During the electoral campaign, Storace came out with factual evidence that Alessandra Mussolini's Social Alternative had added fake signatures to real ones to reach the minimum number needed to present a list. However, to demonstrate this, he had someone "hack" into the database of the municipality of Rome in order to verify the signatures: he was therefore nicknamed "Storhacker" by Mussolini. It also appeared that someone spied on the centre-left candidate Marrazzo. Storace however denied all the charges.
Results.
<onlyinclude>
Source: Ministry of the Interior</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19803418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803418" title="Croatian Armed Forces (disambiguation)">
Croatian Armed Forces (disambiguation)

Croatian Armed Forces may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19803421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803421" title="Jerry Ropero">
Jerry Ropero

Jerry Ropero (born May 11, 1971 as Jerry Ropero Verlackt) is a Belgian in Antwerp born Spanish house music DJ and producer ,publisher and composer/writer,married to Anita Ropero,worldwide known as Narany ,Croatians number 1 EDM artist.Achieved numerous hits worldwide,hitting most of all possible charts .
Son of Paco Paco,who scored a worldwide hit in 1973 with "Taka Taka Tá" and grandchild of Al Verlane,one of the most outstanding Belgian Jazz musicians.
Older brother of Timmy Ropero,also musician and composer/writer,living in Spain,and producing most of Spanish pop artists and bands.
Career.
Early career.
Ropero's career began in the 90's in Belgium, when he joined the group Natural Born Grooves. He released his first two tracks under his own name, "All Over" and "Drive", in 1996. His earliest mainstream success came in 1999, when he released, together with DJ Maui and Terri Bjerre - known together as Avant Garde, the track Get Down, which peaked at position 12 in Billboard's Hot Dance Club Play chart, and stayed on that chart for 13 weeks. The group released their second single two years later, in 2001, titled "Don't Stop", which didn't achieve the same success as the group's debut. Later in 2004 they released a maxi single titled "Get Down (Again)" containing new remixes to their old classic.
After Avant Garde.
After Avant Garde, Ropero continued publishing music under his own name, releasing his music under several labels, most notably Positiva and Joia, but most of his work has been remixing for other artists, such as Danzel, Paps 'n' Skar, and Kate Ryan. Most of his mainstream success since Avant Garde has however resulted from collaborating with Denis The Menace, another German-born DJ/producer, under several different aliases (Michael Simon, JR & DTM, Avalanche, Clubworxx, among others), together producing remixes as well as their own material, such as Coração, Mombasa, and Time 2 Turn Around. Their work has been included on several compilations released by some of the biggest labels in the house scene, including Ministry of Sound and Hed Kandi.

</doc>
<doc id="19803425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803425" title="Apulian regional election, 2005">
Apulian regional election, 2005

The Apulian regional election of 2005 took place on 3–4 April 2005.
Nichi Vendola (Communist Refoundation Party) defeated incumbent Raffaele Fitto (Forza Italia).
The success of Vendola came somewhat unexpected. In a Southern Italian Region, expected to be morally conservative, Vendola, a communist and a homosexual, defeated Fitto, a Christian democrat. Vendola was the first candidate ever to be appointed by its coalition through a primary election instead of agreements between parties. A defeat of Vendola might have resulted in a cancellation of the primary election of The Union for choosing the candidate for Prime Minister in the 2006 general election.
Results.
<onlyinclude>
Sources: Ministry of the Interior and La Repubblica
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19803462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803462" title="Eupithecia miserulata">
Eupithecia miserulata

The Common Eupithecia "(Eupithecia miserulata)" is a moth of the family Geometridae. The species can be found in North America, from Ontario and Maine in the north to Florida, Mississippi, Louisiana and Texas in the south. It is also found in Arizona and California.
The wingspan is 12–20 mm. The forewings are greyish to greyish brown. The hindwings are the same colour, but have a small discal spot and a variably represented extradiscal line. The moths flies from March to November depending on the location.
The larvae feed on a wide range of plants, including coneflower, asters, willows, cherry, juniper and clover.

</doc>
<doc id="19803499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803499" title="Solar power in Japan">
Solar power in Japan

Solar power in Japan has been expanding since the late 1990s. The country is a leading manufacturer of solar panels and is in the top 5 ranking for countries with the most solar PV installed. In 2009 Japan had the third largest solar capacity in the world (behind Germany and Spain), with most of it grid connected. The insolation is good at about 4.3 to 4.8 kWh/(m²·day). Japan is the world's fourth largest energy consumer, making solar power an important national project. By the end of 2012, Japan had installed 7,000 MW of photovoltaics, enough to generate 0.77% of Japan's electricity. Due to the new FIT, Japan is expected to install 5,300 MW in 2013.
Government action.
Financial incentives.
The Japanese government is seeking to expand solar power by enacting subsidies and a feed-in tariff. In December 2008, the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry announced a goal of 70% of new homes having solar power installed, and would be spending $145 million in the first quarter of 2009 to encourage home solar power. The government enacted a feed-in tariff on November, 2009 that requires utilities to purchase excess solar power sent to the grid by homes and businesses and pay twice the standard electricity rate for that power.
On June 18, 2012, a new feed-in tariff was approved, of 42 Yen/kWh, about 0.406 Euro/kWh or USD 0.534/kWh. The tariff covers the first ten years of excess generation for systems less than 10 kW, and generation for twenty years for systems over 10 kW. It became effective July 1, 2012. In 2013, Japan is expected to install 5-9 GW of solar power (nameplate wattage). In April 2013, the FIT was reduced to 37.8 Yen/kWh.
Targets.
The government set solar PV targets in 2004 and revised them in 2009:
Companies.
Solar companies of Japan include:
Notable projects.
The Solar Ark, built in 2002, is one the largest solar buildings in the world.
After the shift away from a nuclear power-dependent energy policy in the wake of the Fukushima nuclear accident, the first three solar plants by TEPCO were completed in 2011 and 2012, the Ukishima Solar Power Plant, 7 MW, the Ogishima Solar Power Plant, 13 MW, and the Komekurayama Solar Power Plant, 10 MW. The output of all three can be monitored on the internet.
341 MW of photovoltaics are planned for the island of Hokkaido, and a total of 1,800 MW of photovoltaics projects have been approved for Japan, as of October 2012.
Two of the proposed projects are a 70 MW plant by Kyocera in Kagoshima and a 100 MW plant by Toshiba in Minami Soma, Fukushima Prefecture.
A 77 MW photovoltaic power plant is planned for Tahara City, on the Atsumi Peninsula, and is expected to be completed in 2014. A 200 MW plant is proposed for Tomakomai.
It is expected that many new projects will be constructed, to take advantage of the new feed-in tariff.

</doc>
<doc id="19803562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803562" title="Paced Auditory Serial Addition Test">
Paced Auditory Serial Addition Test

Paced Auditory Serial Addition Test (PASAT) is a neuropsychological test, used to assess capacity and rate of information processing and sustained and divided attention. 
Originally the test was known as the Paced Auditory Serial Addition Task (PASAT). The subjects are given in the version used as part of the Multiple Sclerosis Functional Composite a number every 3 seconds and are asked to add the number they just heard with the number they heard before. This is a challenging task that involves working memory, attention and arithmetic capabilities. Versions with numbers presented every 2 seconds are also available. The original version presented the numbers every 2.4 seconds with 0.4 decrements for subsequent trials. The PASAT was originally developed for use in evaluating patients with head injury. The advantage in this population was supposed to be minimal practice effects. This test has been widely used in other conditions besides traumatic brain injury. It has become widely used in the testing of patients with multiple sclerosis as patients with this disease frequently have an impaired performance on this test. The PASAT was included in the Multiple Sclerosis Functional Composite as a cognitive measure. However, the use of the PASAT in clinical trials in MS it has shown to be problematic as there are significant practice effects over repeated measures; typically the effect of treatment is reflected by a larger improvement on the test compared to the control group.

</doc>
<doc id="19803565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803565" title="Yves Sente">
Yves Sente

Yves Sente (born 17 January 1964) is a Belgian comic book editor and author. He is known as writer for "Blake and Mortimer" and "Thorgal".
Biography.
Yves Sente was born in Uccle near Brussels in 1964. After studying in Belgium, he went to high school in Arlington Heights, Illinois before returning to Belgium to study law at the Facultés universitaires Saint-Louis and international affairs at the Université catholique de Louvain. He contributed cartoons to a number of magazines from 1986 on, including "The Wall Street Journal Europe".
Sente started to work full-time in the comics industry in 1991 as editor at Le Lombard, one of the main publishers of Franco-Belgian comics.
Knowing a lot of authors through his work as an editor, Sente branched out to writing comics, specializing in continuing existing successful series where the original author had died or was no longer interested in it. He also create two new short series.
Sente is now one of the best selling comics writers. By 2003, his new adventure of "Blake and Mortimer" reached sales of 600,000 copies, with the sequel the next year still selling 520,000 copies. By 2007, his reprise of "Thorgal" also reached the top ten of bestselling French comics with an initial run of 250,000 copies.
"XIII".
Sente is interested to continue the series "XIII" now that Jean Van Hamme has declared to be no longer interested. He was contacted by the artist William Vance and has agreed to propose a story to Van Hamme, but no agreement has been reached yet. Ever since October 2008, Sente has authored volume 20 of the comic series ("Mayflower Day"), late 2011, alongside Youri Jigounov.

</doc>
<doc id="19803569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803569" title="António Barbosa de Melo">
António Barbosa de Melo

António Moreira Barbosa de Melo, GColL (born in Penafiel, Lagares, 2 November 1932), is a Portuguese lawyer, politician and parliamentarian on several occasions.
Career.
He graduated as a Licentiate and a Doctorate in Law from the Faculty of Law of the University of Coimbra, where he became an investigator and a Cathedratic Professor.
He was one of the founders of the then Popular Democratic Party together with Francisco Sá Carneiro, Francisco Pinto Balsemão, Joaquim Magalhães Mota, Carlos Mota Pinto, João Bosco Mota Amaral, Alberto João Jardim and António Marques Mendes, in which party he exercised many offices at its national organs.
He integrated the Commission to the Elaboration of the Electoral Law for the Constituent Assembly in 1974, in which he was also a Deputy, as he was also at the Assembly of the Republic from 1976 to 1977 and from 1991 to 1999.
He was elected the 9th President of the Assembly of the Republic during the 6th legislature (7 November 1991 - 26 October 1995). He was also a member of the Portuguese Council of State as the President of the Assembly of the Republic during the same period.

</doc>
<doc id="19803600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803600" title="George Martens (jockey)">
George Martens (jockey)

George Martens (born September 23, 1958) is a retired Champion jockey in American Thoroughbred horse racing best known for winning the 1981 Belmont Stakes, the third leg of the United States Triple Crown of Thoroughbred Racing.
In 1976, George Martens was the top rated apprentice jockey in the United States, voted the Eclipse Award as the country's Outstanding Apprentice Jockey. In 1981 he earned the most important win of his career when he rode Summing to victory in the Belmont Stakes.
Martens retired from riding in 1985 but returned to racing the following year. Following his permanent retirement, he has worked as an exercise rider at Belmont Park. Some of the horses he has prepped include Lemon Drop Kid, Touch Gold, Sharp Humor, and Colonial Affair.

</doc>
<doc id="19803601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803601" title="Al-Qubeiba, Jerusalem">
Al-Qubeiba, Jerusalem

Al-Qubeiba () is a small Palestinian town in the Jerusalem Governorate, located 11 kilometers Northwest of Jerusalem in the northern West Bank. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, the town had a population of 3,321 in 2010. Al-Qubeiba lies at an altitude of 783m to 795m above sea-level. It is located in a conflict area near the border with Israel between Ramallah and Jerusalem. The settlement of Giv'on HaHadashah lies 5 km southeast of al-Qubeiba. It is surrounded by the town of Biddu (east), Beit 'Anan (northwest), Qatanna (southwest), and Kharayib Umm al-Lahim (west). Unlike the surrounding region, al-Qubeiba has large areas covered with pine and olive trees. 
The town is run by a village council elected every four years and is mainly funded by the Palestinian Ministry of Local Authority. al-Qubeiba has a locally funded-and-run "al-Qubeiba Club" that provides numerous educational, vocational, sports, and scout activities to the residents of the town. The town also enjoys the presence of one park (with an outdoor semi-olympic swimming pool) and two large multi-purpose halls for weddings and other major events. It also has a fully automated modern olive press that operates to service farmers from the town and the neighboring towns and villages, being one of the few olive presses in the West Bank licensed to produce extra virgin organic olive oil.
Geopolitical status.
al-Qubeiba along with Beit Duqqu, Beit 'Anan, Beit Surik, Qatanna, Biddu, Beit Ijza, Kharayib Umm al-Lahim and at-Tira form the "Biddu enclave". The enclave is linked to Ramallah by underpasses and a road that is fenced on both sides. From the "Biddu enclave" Palestinians will travel along a fenced road that passes under a bypass road to Bir Nabala enclave, then on a second underpass under Bypass Road 443 to Ramallah.
Diaa' A-Din 'Abd al-Karim Ibrahim Abu 'Eid was shot dead by gunfire during an anti-barrier demonstration on 18 April 2004. Muhammad Fadel Hashem Rian and Zakaria Mahmoud 'Eid Salem were shot dead during anti-barrier demonstrations on 26 February 2004 at Beit Ijaz (a satellite village of Biddu).
Tourism.
Al-Qubeiba is known for its cool climate during summer time and its natural landscape. The village serves as a tourist destination because it houses an over-a-decade-old Franciscan church that was built on the remains of a historic church in the same place where Jesus Christ is thought to have shared bread with two of his disciples. The town has remains of the cobble-stoned Roman road that connected the coastal city of Haifa to Jerusalem. This historic road is surrounded by remains of Roman houses of those who inhabited the town which was a rest-area for travellers on that road.
Transportation.
Al-Qubeiba is accessible only by road (via service-shuttles or buses) from either Ramallah or Jersalem. Nonetheless, due to the closure of the roads from the town to Jerusalem during the second intifada, only those with foreign passports or with the Jerusalem ID cards can reach the town from Jerusalem. This leaves the only possible access to the town to be from Ramallah via buses #40 and #45 and the service shuttles destined to al-Qubeiba, Qatannah, and Beit 'Anan (all found in the southern public transportation station in Ramallah, just across from the Yasser Arafat Square "al-Sa'a Square" in the city). Several mini-vans operate on the road between al-Qubeiba and the neighboring villages and towns.
Education.
Al-Qubeiba has two government-run schools (one mixed-gender elementary and another all-girls secondary schools). It also enjoys several kindergartens and pre-schools. The town also houses the "al-Qubeiba Nursing School" that operates in association with the Bethlehem University School of Nursing to provide students with a Bachelors degree in nursing.
Health.
The medical facilities for al-Qubeiba are classified as level 2 according to the Palestinian National Authority Ministry of Health. Governmental primary and secondary health care clinics operate in the town in addition to a German-run clinic. Several other private medical and dental clinics also exist.

</doc>
<doc id="19803613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803613" title="European route E03">
European route E03

The European route E 03, is a series of road in Europe, part of the United Nations International E-road network, running from Cherbourg, France to La Rochelle, also in France. 
Route.
The road is long, and travels along the French routes nationales. From Cherbourg to Carentan, it travels along the Route nationale 13. At Carentan, it changes to the RN 174. It then moves onto the autoroute, mainly the A84 (which it joins at Junction 40) until it reaches Saint-Lô at Junction 16. It then rejoins the RN, mainly RN 136 at Rennes before finally travelling along the Route nationale 137 to its final destination of La Rochelle. It also comes close to the outskirts of Nantes.

</doc>
<doc id="19803625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803625" title="1977–78 Quebec Nordiques season">
1977–78 Quebec Nordiques season

The 1977–78 Quebec Nordiques season was the Nordiques sixth season in the WHA, as they were coming off of a 47-31-3 record in the 1976-77 season, finishing in first place in the Eastern Division. Quebec defeated the New England Whalers, Indianapolis Racers and Winnipeg Jets to win their first ever Avco Cup.
Off-season.
During the off-season, the league would lose another three teams, as the Calgary Cowboys, Phoenix Roadrunners, and San Diego Mariners would all fold, bringing the league down to eight teams. The WHA abandoned the divisional format and grouped the remaining teams together. There had been a tentative agreement that would see the Nordiques, Cincinnati Stingers, Edmonton Oilers, Houston Aeros, New England Whalers, and Winnipeg Jets join the National Hockey League, however, it could not be finalized. In a unique move, the Soviet All-Stars and Czechoslovakian All-Stars would play games that would count in the final standings, as they played each WHA team once.
Regular season.
After losing their opening two games, the Nordiques would get hot, and earn a 16-10-1 record through their opening 27 games to sit in second place in the league. Quebec would then fall into a slump, in which they would post a record of 11-20-1 record in their next 32 games to fall three games under .500, and into fifth place. The slump would cost head coach Marc Boileau his job, as he was relieved of his duties and replaced with Maurice Filion. Under Filion, the Nordiques improved, earning a record of 13-7-1 to finish the season with a 40-37-3 record, earning 83 points, and fourth place in the league.
Offensively, Quebec was led by Marc Tardif, who won the Bill Hunter Trophy awarded to the player who leads the league in scoring. Tardif led the league in goals with 65, tied for the league lead with 89 assists, for 154 points. Real Cloutier had another great season, scoring 56 goals and 129 points in 73 games. Serge Bernier finished third in team scoring with 78 points, despite missing 24 games, while Paulin Bordeleau scored 42 goals and 65 points. On defense, Garry Lariviere had a breakout season, earning 56 points, while Jean Bernier had 10 goals and 42 points. J.C. Tremblay continued to put up points, earning 42 in 56 games and Paul Baxter had 35 points, along with a team high 240 penalty minutes.
In goal, Richard Brodeur missed some time due to injuries, however, he still led the team with 18 wins and a 3.70 GAA in 36 games. Backup Jim Corsi had 10 wins and a 4.52 GAA, while Ken Broderick earned 9 wins with a 4.37 GAA.
Playoffs.
In the opening round of the playoffs, Quebec would face the Houston Aeros in a best of seven series. The Aeros finished the season with a 42-34-4 record, earning 86 points, and a third place finish. The series opened in Houston, and the Aeros won the series opener in overtime by a 4-3 score, however, the defending champion Nordiques evened the series with a 5-4 overtime victory in the second game. The series moved to Quebec for the next two games, and the Nordiques took control of the series, winning the third game 5-1, followed by a 3-0 shutout victory in the fourth game to take a 3-1 series lead. The fifth game was played in Houston, and the Aeros staved off elimination with a 5-2, bringing the series back to Quebec for the sixth game. The Nordiques would dominate in the sixth game, crushing the Aeros 11-2, and advance to the WHA semi-finals.
In the WHA semi-finals, the Nordiques would face off against the New England Whalers. New England finished in second during the regular season, with a record of 44-31-5, earning 93 points. The Whalers defeated the Edmonton Oilers in five games in the opening round of the playoffs. The series opened with two games in New England, and the Whalers took an early series lead with a 5-1 victory in the series opener. Quebec fought back and tied the series up with a 3-2 win in the second game. The series moved to Quebec for the next two games, however, it was the Whalers who took control of the series, defeating the Nordiques 5-4 in the third game, followed by a 7-3 win in the fourth game to take a 3-1 series lead. In the fifth game back in New England, the Whalers took their opportunity and finished off the Nordiques, defeating Quebec 6-3 to win the series.

</doc>
<doc id="19803648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803648" title="Wurzelbacher">
Wurzelbacher

Wurzelbacher may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19803656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803656" title="Florence Mall">
Florence Mall

Florence Mall is an enclosed shopping mall in Florence, Kentucky, USA. The mall, opened in 1976, comprises more than 100 stores, including four anchor stores (JCPenney, Sears and two Macy's stores) as well as a food court. The mall is managed by General Growth Properties of Chicago, Illinois, and is noted for an adjacent water tower which is painted with the phrase "Florence Y'all", which originally read "Florence Mall" (see section below).
History.
The Florence Mall opened in 1976 on a site along Interstate 75 just south of Kentucky Route 18. The two-story mall was constructed by Homart Development, a former real estate division of Sears, Roebuck and Company. Sears also served as one of the anchor stores, opening on March 10, 1976. The mall itself opened six months later, with Pogue's serving as the second anchor. Two more anchors — Shillito's and JCPenney — were added in 1977 and 1978, respectively. At the time of opening, the mall featured 87 stores. The mall's opening led to the development of several retail stores in Florence, and as a result, the city became a retail hub for northern Kentucky.
While JCPenney and Sears remained the same throughout the mall's history, the other two anchors would change repeatedly as chains were acquired and merged. The Shillito's chain was merged with Rike's, and all former Shillito's and Rike's stores briefly carried the dual branding of Shilllito-Rike's from 1982 until 1986, when the chain was merged into Lazarus. Pogue's was then converted to L.S. Ayres in 1983, which in turn sold its store to Hess's five years later. Also in the mid-1980s, the food court was renovated.
Hess's closed in 1993, and one year later, Lazarus moved its home goods into the former Hess's space. Throughout the 1990s, the mall underwent an $8 million renovation, including the addition of 64 new tenants. In 2003, the mall was sold to General Growth Properties of Chicago, Illinois, in association with the Teachers' Retirement System of Illinois, although General Growth had managed the property for several years prior. Both Lazarus stores were converted to Lazarus-Macy's in 2003, then to just Macy's in 2005. In addition, the mall's food court was renovated in 2004.
The mall comprises more than 130 tenants on two levels, and is the largest mall in northern Kentucky.
Water tower.
Prior to the mall's opening, a water tower with the words "FLORENCE MALL" was built between the mall and Interstate 75. However, this commercial advertisement was considered a violation of federal and state laws - the mall had not even yet opened. As a result, the "M" in "Mall" was partially painted over, converting it to a "Y" and an apostrophe was added, changing the text to "FLORENCE Y'ALL". This inscription was never changed and has become a local landmark.

</doc>
<doc id="19803667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803667" title="Namibian Music Awards">
Namibian Music Awards

The Namibian Music Awards (NMA), is a Namibian award show that annually honors established recording artists. The award was established in 2006 in order to create and provide a suitable musical entertainment and promotional platform for Namibian musicians and music producers.
Objectives.
NMA's main objective is to award the various musicians nominated by the public and the media under the different supplied categories fairly so that each unique artist's talent is recognized and appreciated. The NMA event is also a tool for promoting Namibian music to the African continent as well as to the rest of the world. Arctic Monkeys won it in 2007.
Categories.
The Namibian Music Awards ceremony has a great number of categories that were identified with the purpose to catering for most Namibian musicians who continue to explore the music industry in search of variety, uniqueness and sweet melodies with the opportunity of being appreciated and recognised. There are also some special non-musical categories which recognises media institutions and radio stations.
Nomination and Vote.
Nominees are nominated and voted by the public.

</doc>
<doc id="19803671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803671" title="Yorktown Central School District">
Yorktown Central School District

Yorktown Central School District is a school district in Yorktown Heights, New York. 
It operates the following schools:
Controversies.
The district's superintendent was criticized for abruptly firing the principal of Yorktown High School in February 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19803681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803681" title="Tommy O'Neil">
Tommy O'Neil

Thomas Patrick "Tommy" O'Neil (25 October 1952 – May 2006) was an English footballer who played as a defender for various English clubs, including Manchester United, Southport and Tranmere Rovers.
Born in St Helens, Merseyside, O'Neil was a schoolboy international at both football and rugby league, but abandoned the oval ball in favour of the spherical one. He began his football career as an apprentice with Manchester United in 1968, and signed on as a professional in November 1969. He made his first team debut on 5 May 1971 in a 4–3 victory over Manchester City at Maine Road. A lack of quality competition for the right-back berth meant that O'Neil was a regular in that position throughout the 1971–72 season, missing just five games during the season. However, after Tommy Docherty replaced Frank O'Farrell as manager halfway through the 1972–73 season, O'Neil fell out of favour and was allowed to go on loan to Blackpool in March 1973. He made seven appearances for Blackpool, and, although he returned to Manchester United at the end of the spell, he left the club for Southport in August 1973.
In five seasons at Southport, O'Neil made 197 appearances and scored 16 goals before moving on to Tranmere Rovers in 1978. He made 74 appearances in two seasons with Tranmere, scoring 10 goals in the process, and was transferred to Halifax Town in 1980. After two years at Halifax, O'Neil retired from professional football and went into coaching. O'Neil eventually ended up back at Manchester United, coaching the club's academy teams from Under-9s to Under-16s until 2005. He died a year later at the age of 53.

</doc>
<doc id="19803691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803691" title="Victor Crespo">
Victor Crespo

Victor Pereira Crespo (born 2 December 1932, Milagres, Leiria District) is a Portuguese politician and parliamentary.
Career.
Crespo was born in Milagres, Leiria. He graduated as a Licentiate in Physics and Chemistry from the Faculty of Sciences of the University of Coimbra, where he became a Cathedratic Professor at the Faculty of Sciences and Technology.
He was elected Deputy to the Assembly of the Republic for the Social Democratic Party (PSD) from 1979. Until the 14th Congress of his Party in 1988, he was also the Vice-President of its National Political Commission, as well as the President of its Parliamentary Group from 1982 to 1983.
He was Minister of Education and Science in the 7th and 8th Constitutional Governments and of Education and Universities in the 8th (1980–1983).
Between 1984 and 1985 he was an Ambassador and a Permanent Representative of Portugal at the UNESCO, in Paris.
He was elected the 8th President of the Assembly of the Republic during the 5th Legislature (25 August 1987 - 3 November 1991). He was also a Member of the Portuguese Council of State as the President of the Assembly of the Republic during the same period.
Family.
He married Maria Eugénia Nunes Beja, born in Covilhã, 2 July 1930, and had one daughter: 

</doc>
<doc id="19803705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803705" title="Pictou Landing First Nation">
Pictou Landing First Nation

Pictou Landing First Nations is a Mi'kmaq First Nation in Nova Scotia, Canada. Their territory spans five reserves that have a combined area of 527.6 hectares. The current Chief is Andrea Paul. As of 2012, the Mi'kmaq population is 459 on-Reserve, and approximately 144 off-Reserve.
Council.
The current council consists of Anthony (Quise)Nicholas, Crystal Denny, Louie Francis, Wayne Denny, and Dominic Denny. This council was elected on November 24, 2011 and will remain in office for two years.
Composition.
Pictou Landing First Nation is composed of five parts as shown:
References.
Pictou Landing First Nation Nova Scotia Mi'kmaw Language

</doc>
<doc id="19803713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803713" title="2008–09 Lithuanian Football Cup">
2008–09 Lithuanian Football Cup

The Lithuanian Football Cup 2008–09 was the 20th season of the Lithuanian annual football tournament. The competition started on May 7, 2008 with the First Round games and ended on May 16, 2009 with the Final. The defending champions were Kaunas.
First round.
In this round entered 38 teams from Lithuanian third, fourth and fifth division. The games were played on May 7 – 11, 2008.
1Teams did not arrive to the pitch.
Second round.
This round featured 19 winners from the previous round and 5 teams from the Lithuanian second division (LFF I lyga). The matches were played on June 1 – 6, 2008.
Third round.
In this round entered winners from the previous round as well as 4 other LFF I lyga teams. The games were played on July 2 – 9, 2008.
Fourth round.
In this round entered winners from the previous round together with 2 remaining LFF I lyga teams and 6 lowest-placed 2007 LFF Lyga teams. 2 out of 6 2007 LFF Lyga were relegated to the Lithuanian second division while the rest remained in A lyga. The games were played on August 20 – 27, 2008.
Fifth round.
This round featured winners from the previous round. The games were played on September 12 – 17, 2008.
Quarterfinals.
In this round entered winners from the previous round and teams placed first to fourth in 2007 LFF Lyga. The games were played on October 1, 2008.
Semifinals.
The first legs were played on April 8, 2009. The second legs were played on April 22, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19803719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803719" title="Nenad Erić">
Nenad Erić

Nenad Erić (Serbian Cyrillic: Heнaд Epић; born May 26, 1982 in Požega) is a Serbian goalkeeper who plays for FC Lokomotiv Astana in the Kazakhstan Premier League.

</doc>
<doc id="19803728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803728" title="SG Quelle Fürth">
SG Quelle Fürth

The SG Quelle Fürth is a German football club from the city of Fürth in Bavaria.
History.
The club was formed as the football section of the athletics club TV 1860 Fürth on 1 June 1973. The club's name, SG Quelle, refers to the fact that it has a strong connection with the Quelle company and originated out of the company's still existing Sunday League team BSG QUELLE Kickers.
The club was part of the lower amateur leagues in Middle Franconia until 1988, when it won promotion from the "Bezirksliga Mittelfranken-Süd" to the Landesliga Bayern-Mitte (IV). After four seasons where it struggled for survival in this league, SG Quelle was relegated back down, now to the Bezirksoberliga Mittelfranken in 1992. 1991 saw the arrival of Dieter Lieberwirth as the club's manager, a former long-term player of the 1. FC Nuremberg, a position he held until 2002, when he returned to Nuremberg.
The club only spent one season in the "BOL" before returning to the Landesliga. A better performance there saw it finish seventh there in 1993–94, taking out the league title the season after. Promoted to the Bayernliga, it finished second in this league, behind fellow promoted team SC Weismain. Both earned a place in the Regionalliga Süd for the following year. Fürth as the second placed team had to play-off against the runners-up from the Oberliga Hessen, Viktoria Aschaffenburg and from the Oberliga Baden-Württemberg, VfB Stuttgart II, to do so, defeating both teams.
The club played for one season in the same league as its mighty neighbors, 1. FC Nuremberg and SpVgg Greuther Fürth but from there their ways lay apart, the later two returning to the 2. Bundesliga while Quelle was relegated back to the Bayernliga.
The next two "Bayernliga" seasons saw good performances by the club, finishing second in 1998 and 1999. In 1998, it missed out on promotion to the SC Pfullendorf. The later earned them a promotion back to the "Regionalliga", this time by finishing ahead of the SV Sandhausen and the SG Hoechst in a promotion round. However, the club could again not survive at this level and returned to the Oberliga the next season.
From 2000 to 2003, SG Quelle played at this level before being relegated once more, now back to the Landesliga.
A runners-up spot in 2004 proofed not enough to earn promotion back to the Bayernliga but the season after, the league could be won and Quelle won promotion once more. Again, for only one season, the club being straight relegated again.
The 2006–07 season saw the club handed straight down to the Bezirksoberliga, where it, true to its unsteady past, earned promotion straight back up.
Back in the "Landesliga" for the 2008–09 season, the club struggled at the lower end of the table and a 14th place finish, on equal points with 15th placed SV 73 Nürnberg-Süd, meant it had to go into post-season relegation matches once more. Quelle won 1–0 and was present in "Landesliga" in 2009–10 but suffered another relegation, back to the "Bezirksoberliga".
At the end of the 2011-12 season the team qualified directly for the newly expanded Landesliga after finishing second in the Bezirksoberliga.
Honours.
The club's honours:
Recent managers.
Recent managers of the club:
Recent seasons.
The recent season-by-season performance of the club:

</doc>
<doc id="19803730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803730" title="Lamentatio sanctae matris ecclesiae Constantinopolitanae">
Lamentatio sanctae matris ecclesiae Constantinopolitanae

" Lamentatio sanctae matris ecclesiae Constantinopolitanae " ('Lament of the Holy Mother Church of Constantinople') is a motet by the Renaissance composer Guillaume Dufay. Its topic is a lament of the fall of Constantinople under the Ottoman Turks in 1453. Because of its Byzantine subject matter, it is sometimes grouped together with Vasilissa ergo gaude, Apostolus gloriosus and Balsamus et munda cera as one of Dufay's "Byzantine motets".
Historical context.
The motet probably belongs to a series of four Lamentations for the fall of Constantinople composed by Dufay and mentioned for the first time in one of his letters addressed to Piero and Giovanni de' Medici. The letter must have been written on February 22, 1454, although the exact year is not specified in the text. The musical score and the texts of the French Chanson and the Latin Cantus Firmus are found in two contemporary manuscript sources: Codex 2794 (fols. 34v-36r) of the Biblioteca Riccardiana in Florence, and MS 871N (fols. 150v-151r) in Montecassino.
It is believed to have been composed in the context of the "Feast of the Pheasant", a banquet and extravagant political show organised in Lille by Philip the Good of Burgundy on 17 February 1454. Its purpose was to propagate the idea of a crusade for the recapture of the city. It is, however, unclear whether the piece was ever performed on that occasion. There are contemporary accounts of the banquet (notably the "Memoirs" of Olivier de la Marche, and the "Chroniques" of Mathieu d'Escouchy), which name and describe in much detail various pieces of music performed at it, but they fail to mention this piece. At one point in the show, according to the chronicles, an actor dressed as a woman in white satin clothes, personifying the 
church of Constantinople (according to one hypothesis, played by Olivier de la Marche himself) entered the hall of the banquet riding on an elephant, to recite a ""complaint and lamentation in a piteous and feminine voice"" (""commença sa complainte et lamentacion à voix piteuse et femmenine""). It has been surmised that this was the moment when Dufay's motet would have been performed; other authors have conjectured that it was merely a moment of inspiration and that the motet was actually written later.
Content and structure.
The piece is a four-voice chanson-motet. It follows the structure of a motet insofar as it has a cantus firmus line based on Gregorian plainchant in its tenor voice, but the structure of a chanson insofar as there is only one other text sung, in French, in the upper voices. The text is a poem in Middle French, presenting the voice of a mother lamenting the sufferings of her son and addressing God as her son's father – evoking both the image of the Virgin Mary in the Lamentation of Christ, and the personification of the Church as the mythical mother of the faithful. 
The tenor text is a modified quotation taken from the Book of Lamentations (1.2), the biblical lament about the fall of Jerusalem: "Omnes amici ejus spreverunt eam, non est qui consoletur eam ex omnibus caris ejus." ('All her friends have scorned her; of all her beloved ones there is not one to comfort her.'),

</doc>
<doc id="19803739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803739" title="Gunnar Schjelderup">
Gunnar Schjelderup

Gunnar Schjelderup (1895 – 1972) was a Norwegian businessperson.
Personal life.
He was born in Christiania, and was the brother of judge Ferdinand Schjelderup. He was a son of Thorleif Frederik Schjelderup, nephew of Bredo Henrik von Munthe af Morgenstierne and uncle of ski jumper Thorleif Schjelderup.
Career.
Gunnar Schjelderup took his education as an engineer in 1917 in Dresden. In 1926 he took over as CEO of iron- and steelware factory Christiania Spigerverk, where his father had been co-owner. He retired in 1961. He had also invested heavily in Bremanger Smelteverk in Svelgen.
In April 1940, following the German invasion of Norway and the Vidkun Quisling coup d'etat, Gunnar Schjelderup and others contacted the Supreme Court to establish a civil administrative council, "Administrasjonsrådet", to normalize working life as soon as possible. The council was established a few days after the invasion.

</doc>
<doc id="19803741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803741" title="Kunwar Sone Singh Ponwar">
Kunwar Sone Singh Ponwar

Kunwar Sone Singh Ponwar also knowns as Kunwar Sone Shah, died in 1816, ruled on Chhatarpur dynasty as Raja between 1785 to 1816.

</doc>
<doc id="19803746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803746" title="Echinus (sea urchin)">
Echinus (sea urchin)

Echinus is a genus of sea urchins.
Species.
Species in this genus include:

</doc>
<doc id="19803749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803749" title="Andrew John">
Andrew John

Andrew Thomas Griffith John (born 9 January 1964) is the Bishop of Bangor in the Church in Wales.
Life.
A native of Aberystwyth, John attended Ysgol Penglais before studying law at the University of Wales, Cardiff. After graduating in 1986, he studied theology at the University of Nottingham, graduating in 1988, followed by a Diploma in Pastoral Studies at St John's College, Nottingham in 1989. He was ordained deacon in the Diocese of St David's and a priest in 1990. Until his election as Bishop of Bangor, all his ministry was in the Diocese of St David's. Initially he was curate for Cardigan, Y Ferwig and Mwnt from 1989 to 1991 and then in Aberystwyth from 1991 to 1992. He was a vicar in the Rectorial Benefice of Aberystwyth from 1992 to1999. From 1999 he was vicar of Henfynyw with Aberaeron and Llanddewi Aberarth, to which was added Llanbadarn Trefeglwys in 2005. In 2006 he was appointed vicar of Pencarreg and Llanycrwys and the Archdeacon of Cardigan.
John was elected Bishop of Bangor on 9 October 2008 and was consecrated in Llandaff Cathedral on 29 November 2008, along with the new Bishop of St David's, Wyn Evans. He was enthroned in Bangor Cathedral on 24 January 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19803750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803750" title="Krzczonów, Lesser Poland Voivodeship">
Krzczonów, Lesser Poland Voivodeship

Krzczonów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tokarnia, within Myślenice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately east of Tokarnia, south of Myślenice, and south of the regional capital Kraków.
The village has a population of 1,900.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19803752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803752" title="Skomielna Czarna">
Skomielna Czarna

Skomielna Czarna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tokarnia, within Myślenice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Myślenice and south of the regional capital Kraków.
The village has a population of 1,400.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19803754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803754" title="Tokarnia, Lesser Poland Voivodeship">
Tokarnia, Lesser Poland Voivodeship

Tokarnia is a village in Myślenice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Tokarnia. It lies approximately south of Myślenice and south of the regional capital Kraków.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19803756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803756" title="Więciórka">
Więciórka

Więciórka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tokarnia, within Myślenice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Myślenice and south of the regional capital Kraków.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19803757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803757" title="Zawadka, Myślenice County">
Zawadka, Myślenice County

Zawadka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tokarnia, within Myślenice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately south of Myślenice and south of the regional capital Kraków.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19803780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803780" title="Surfing in the Air">
Surfing in the Air

Surfing In The Air is the debut album by Norwegian pop singer Christine Guldbrandsen, released in 2003 in Norway and Finland through Sony Music Entertainment, "Surfing In The Air" became a huge success in Norway, selling 30,000 album copies in only 3 weeks and received a Gold Record.
Album information.
Surfing In The Air contains 11 tracks, sung in Latin and English. The opening track "Surfing In The Air" contains lyrics from the song "Walking in the Air" written by Howard Blake in 1982.
Reception.
A review in the website Musical Discoveries states, "The eleven light pop-oriented tracks illustrate the crystalline soprano texture of her voice. Solid rock instrumental arrangements never overwhelm the vocal layers."

</doc>
<doc id="19803783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803783" title="H. C. Recktenwald Prize in Economics">
H. C. Recktenwald Prize in Economics

The H. C. Recktenwald Prize in Economics was awarded to several academic economists from 1995 to 2004. It is named for Prof. Horst Claus Recktenwald, a German economist, and was endowed by his wife, Hertha Recktenwald, after his death. 
The committee to select the prize recipients is nominated by the President of Friedrich-Alexander-University in Erlangen-Nuremberg, Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="19803812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803812" title="James Kip Finch">
James Kip Finch

James Kip Finch (December 1, 1883–1967) was an American engineer and educator. 
Personal life.
James Kip Finch was born to James Wells and Winifred Florence Louise (Kip) Finch, in Peekskill, New York. He attended Columbia University, receiving a Bachelor of Science in civil engineering in 1906 and a Master of Arts in 1911. He was a member of the Episcopal Church and, in his leisure time, a keen painter with watercolors and oils. He married Lolita P. Mollmann (d. 1964) on June 25, 1910, in Stanford, New York. They had a son, Edward E. K. Finch. 
Career.
Finch began teaching at Columbia after graduating in 1906, working as an instructor in the Summer School of Surveying, while also employed as an assistant engineer at the Tompkins Engineering Construction Co. He left Columbia for an interval beginning in 1907, during which he taught at Lafayette College, Easton, Pennsylvania before joining a succession of engineering firms in New York: he was with an architectural firm, John B. Snook's Sons, during 1907, spent 1908 working for D. J. Ryan, a contractor in Brooklyn, and for List and Rose Contractors. In 1910 he carried out irrigation works and ranching in Montana. He then returned in 1910 to Columbia, becoming an assistant professor in 1915, associate professor in 1917, full professor in 1927, Renwick Professor in 1930, and chairman of the Department of Civil Engineering in 1932. He became associate dean at Columbia in 1941, and dean of the School of Engineering and Applied Science in 1941. He retired the deanship in 1950, but taught for another two years as Renwick Professor.
Finch devoted much of his career to the cause of engineering education and to research and teaching on the aesthetic, philosophical, and historical aspects of engineering. He was involved in the establishment of Camp Columbia, a summer engineering camp held near Litchfield, Connecticut, under the aegis of Columbia University. He published numerous works, including "Trends in Engineering Education" (1948), "Engineering and Western Civilization" (1951), and "The Story of Engineering" (1960). He also received prominent engineering and academic awards throughout his career, notably the Columbia Alumni Medal in 1932; the gold medal of the Class of 1889 at the Commencement of 1942; the Egleston Medal of the Columbia Engineering School Alumni Association in 1944; the French Ordre des Palmes Académiques in 1949; the "Great Teacher Award" from the Columbia Society of Older Graduates in 1951; the honorary degree of Doctor of Science from Columbia University in 1954; and, in 1967, the first ASCE Civil Engineering History and Heritage Award.
Among other institutions, Finch was affiliated with the American Society for Engineering Education; the Society for Promotion of Engineering Education; the Newcomen Society of England; Tau Beta Pi; Sigma Xi; the Columbia Faculty Club; the Sanctum club, in Litchfield, CT; and the Century Association in New York. He was on November 3, 1915 elected an Associate Member of the American Society of Civil Engineers; he served as the Society's director from 1934 to 1936. Between 1934 and 1944 he also served as Director and Vice President of the society's Metropolitan Section.

</doc>
<doc id="19803818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803818" title="The Last Egyptian">
The Last Egyptian

The Last Egyptian: A Romance of the Nile is a novel written by L. Frank Baum, famous as the creator of the Land of Oz. The book was published anonymously on 1 May 1908 by Edward Stern & Co. of Philadelphia, with eight color plate illustrations by Francis P. Wightman. Baum left his name off of the book because he was concerned that "masquerading as a novelist" might hurt his career as a writer for children; but he identified himself as the author of the book during his lifetime when making fantasy films for children proved a financial disaster.
The novel was reissued as a 304-page trade paperback in July 2002 by Fredonia Books in the wake of the growing critical reappraisal and public interest in Baum's work. It was the first time the book was published under Baum's name. As with Baum's other adventure novels for adult readers (which were published under the name Schuyler Staunton, a slight alteration of his maternal uncle's name, not used here owing to the different publisher), it is inspired by the works of H. Rider Haggard that Matilda Joslyn Gage had encouraged him and his wife (her daughter) to read.
Plot summary.
The extensive diacritical marks appear in the novel as published by Stern.
The novel focuses on three main characters, and is written in a third person limited point of view, which subtly shifts among the three characters, the narrator speaking with each character's very different prejudices as each becomes the temporary main focus. These three characters, in order of appearance, are Gerald Winston Bey, an English Egyptologist; an Egyptian, Kāra, and a dragoman named Tadros. Kāra, being white-skinned, is mistaken by Bey for a Copt, though he is no Christian, and he has no respect for Arab Muslims, either. Kāra claims to be a descendent of Ahtka-Rā, High Priest of Ămen, whom he says ruled Rameses II as his puppet, including hiding the latter's death for two years--archaeology says Rameses reigned 67 years, but according to Kāra, he ruled only 65.
All of this Kāra has learned since he was a child from his grandmother, Princess Hatacha, who had come to England when she was 17 and created a stir, ultimately marrying a Lord Roane, Kāra's grandfather. Hatatcha is a cruel and vindictive old woman, but as she is dying, she gives him information about the large treasure cache that they have been living on, including many hieroglyphic papyri from which she educated him as a child that will prove to the world that he is of royal lineage and avenge her against Lord Roane for leaving her in poverty. It is within the cliff that their home is built in that the treasure is kept, behind a wall built over an opening of a cavern too deep to use as a shelter.
Tadros and the Bey compete to acquire these papyri from him to sell, and Kāra nearly kills the former for stealing one, but he stops, knowing he can use him. He allows him to have that one in exchange for the girl Nepthys, whose principal interest is cigarette smoking, whom Tadros is set to acquire for another's harem.
After Hatatcha's funeral, Kāra steals the donkey of Nikko, an old blind man, for the elderly black-skinned dwarf embalmer, Sebbet, to transport her remains for mummification. He meets Winston on his dahabeah and accompany him to Cairo. In Cairo, Kāra seeks to have his gems recut in the modern style, but instead sells them for cash, and takes his steps toward revenge on Lord Roane.
Charles Consinor, 9th Earl of Roane, is now elderly and of poor reputation, while his son, Viscount Roger Consinor is a professional gambler. Kāra manipulates things to get Charles (Lord Roane) a diplomatic post in Cairo. There, he catches Roger cheating with marked cards and loaded dice at the club, puts Nepthys in his personal harem, and then proceeds to make moves on Lord Roane's granddaughter, Aneth Consinor, who has been sent back to the family from school on account of unpaid tuition. He falls in love with Aneth (as does Winston), causing him to send Nepthys back home, but when she refuses to marry him, considering him a friend and herself unready for marriage, he quickly returns to his desire for his grandmother's revenge. Winston tells Kāra that thee latter cannot marry her because they are cousins, but Kāra cares not, stating that Egyptian kings married their sisters, so marrying a cousin is nothing.
Lord Roane has embezzled money via McFarland, a contractor on a sham embankment project. Kāra is aware of this and tries to blackmail Lord Roane into forcing Aneth into marriage with him. Roane refuses, saying his granddaughter should not hurt for his misdeeds, calling Kāra an "infamous nigger," to which Kāra "redden at the epithet." Kāra then approaches Aneth with the proposition, and she agrees to marry him out of filial duty, to which he responds by giving her forged documents for her to destroy, while he retains the incriminating documents. Winston, upon learning that Kāra's accusation is true, conspires with Aneth's companion, Mrs. Lola Everingham, (wife of an engineer known for his work in Asia) to woo her into marriage with himself. This causes the dutiful girl more pain if anything, creating a longing for something she will not let herself have.
Paying off Tadros to help them instead of Kāra, Winston and the Consinors plan to abduct Aneth to Winston's dahabeah. When this is accomplished, they tell her that Kāra has decided he does not want to marry her, Lord Roane again referring to him as a "rascally nigger." They have learned this, in effect, is true: he has hired a wiley Copt named Mykel into his employ, to whom he has provided the garments of a Coptic priest, and a Coptic Bible from which to conduct a ceremony. Mykel being a false priest, Aneth would not be legally married, and thus shamed and unmarriageable.
Tadros and Viscount Consinor leave the vessel at Fedah, expecting Kāra to return soon for more treasure, as he has secured the help of his brother-in-spirit, Sheik Antar, a large Arab who dyes his grey beard black, and his Muslim followers, who also live in a small town on the Nile inhospitable to strangers. Tadros is aware that Kāra has been buying on credit, and will be forced to soon return for more gemstones, including to pay Antar.
Kāra attacks the dahabeah with Antar, but Antar refuses to dirty his sword more than once, and only after receiving payment. Unable to find Tadros, whom he wishes thrown overboard, and shot at by Mrs. Everingham, he returns to Fedah, where Tadros has had Roger hide under the rushes that Hatatcha used as a bed. Tadros asks him if he is "comfortable"—to which he replies "not very"—but he clarifies enough to remain still for several hours. From there he is able to see what Kāra presses in the wall to enter into the secret passage.
Kāra places the Talisman of Ahkta-Rā on his finger, believing it will give him his ancestor's power if he uses it only temporarily, in spite of the curse upon it, but as he is trying to lug two sacks full of gems, a statue of Isis, which had fallen the last time he was in the tomb, falls again, knocking it off his hand, and when he stumbles, a lamp he has tied to the button of his shirt is knocked out. In the darkness, he sees the Talisman return to its spot, or at least he is confusing it with the candle Consinor is using that was left for him by Tadros.
Kāra attacks Roger, but Roger is a skilled wrestler and manages to get on top of him as Kāra tries to asphyxiate him. He is able to knock Kāra's head to the ground long enough that he loses consciousness, allowing Roger to flee. Kāra, though, has inadvertently removed the dagger that keeps open the vault door, which Hatatcha informed him cannot be opened from the inside, and even as Roger can hear him regain consciousness and get up, he is unaware that Kāra is quite trapped and continues to run. Mistaking Roger for Kāra, Nepthys stabs him fatally.
When Winston's dahabeah arrives at Fedah, Tadros tells Antar that the police have come and taken Kāra and will also arrest Antar and his men if caught. Although he must work to convince Antar he has nothing to do with the police, eventually he gets them to flee northward. Not knowing what has happened to Kāra, and not wishing Nepthys to be punished for the death of Roger Consinor, he gives the same story to Winston and the Cosninors, and is triumphantly hired to be their dragoman as they go on to Luxor for the wedding of Aneth Consinor to Gerald Winston.
Film adaptation.
That the book was Baum's was made clear in the December 1914 release of a film version of the novel, written and produced by Baum, and directed and starring J. Farrell MacDonald in the title role. (However, the October 17, 1914 issue of "Motion Picture News" stated that the film was being directed by Baum and J. Charles "Hayden" .) According to a company press release, the film was representing a new direction for The Oz Film Manufacturing Company, and would be followed by adaptations of both "Schuyler Staunton" novels, "The Fate of a Crown" and "Daughters of Destiny", although they are now both attributed to Baum with no mention of Staunton. The film was not successful; the Oz name had been temporarily tainted as "box office poison" for producing films then-considered too juvenile, and even a name change to Dramatic Feature Films did not help it in the eyes of exhibitors.
This film, unlike the other three features of The Oz Film Manufacturing Company, has never been issued for home use. The only known copy of the film is held by the Museum of Modern Art. Experimental filmmaker Bill Morrison used clips of it in his 2002 film, "Decasia", the Hatatcha name on a tomb being the giveaway. Morrison was contacted about his use of the film by Scott Andrew Hutchins, and told him that he had obtained the print from MoMA. Hutchins alerted a skeptical Michael Patrick Hearn to its presence at MoMA, which had never screened it. Hearn attended a private screening, after which he arranged for the film's first public screening since 1914/5 at "The Wonderful Weekend of Oz," October 10–12, 2008, in conjunction with the Matilda Joslyn Gage home and sponsored by Classic Carpet Care. The film was shown on the 11th at 6:30 PM at the Palace Theatre in Syracuse, New York, but only three of the five reels are owned by MoMA. Baum scholars Hearn and David Moyer presented the film with commentary.
References.
This article written with a third printing of the Stern edition.

</doc>
<doc id="19803827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803827" title="Independent Unionist Association">
Independent Unionist Association

The Independent Unionist Association or Independent Unionist Party was a political party in Northern Ireland.
The organisation was founded in 1937, shortly before the announcement of the Northern Ireland general election, 1938. It consisted of a disparate group of independent Unionists, and included member of the Northern Ireland House of Commons Tommy Henderson. The party called for more action to relieve unemployment, and for tighter control of government spending. William McConnell Wilton was elected as Chairman of the new organisation.
The party stood several candidates in the general election, including Henderson in Belfast Shankill and Wilton in Belfast Clifton. The Ulster Unionist Party claimed that the Independent Unionist challenge made a united Ireland more likely, a charge which Henderson described as "a deliberate attempt to fool the Ulster people". Only Henderson was elected for the group at the general election.
The party launched a monthly newspaper in January 1939, aiming to appeal to both their own supporters, and to those of the Ulster Progressive Unionist Association. By the Northern Ireland general election, 1945, the party was greatly weakened, but supported Henderson and also John William Nixon in Belfast Woodvale. Later in the year, Wilton was elected to served in the Senate of Northern Ireland. The party then faded from view, although an "Independent Unionist Association" in Belfast released a manifesto in 1954 on a similar platform.

</doc>
<doc id="19803861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803861" title="Kristian Vilhelm Koren Schjelderup">
Kristian Vilhelm Koren Schjelderup

Kristian Vilhelm Koren Schjelderup may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19803891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803891" title="1966 PGA Championship">
1966 PGA Championship

The 1966 PGA Championship was the 48th PGA Championship, played July 21–24 at the South Course of Firestone Country Club in Akron, Ohio. Al Geiberger won his only major championship, four strokes ahead of runner-up Dudley Wysong.
Sam Snead, age 54, was co-leader and leader after the first two days, but shot 75 in the third round on Saturday. Geiberger carded a two-under 68 to lead by four strokes over Wysong, who shot a 66. Both shot two-over 72 on Sunday as both bogeyed the first two holes. The lead shrunk to two as Wysong birdied the third while Geiberger bogeyed the fourth, but then birdied the fifth and ninth holes to regain the four-stroke advantage.
The 1966 championship was originally scheduled to be held at Columbine Country Club in Columbine Valley, Colorado, a suburb of south of Denver. A flash flood of the adjacent South Platte River in June 1965 caused significant damage to the course and forced a postponement. Firestone was scheduled to host in 1967, so the venues swapped years.
This was the second of three PGA Championships at the South Course, which previously hosted in 1960 and later in 1975. It is the current venue for the WGC-Bridgestone Invitational, which began in 1976 as the "World Series of Golf" on the PGA Tour.
Past champions in the field.
Missed the cut.
Source:
Final leaderboard.
"Sunday, July 24, 1966"
Source:
Lema and wife killed.
Hours after the championship's conclusion on Sunday, Tony Lema and his wife Betty were among four fatalities in a chartered private plane crash near the Indiana-Illinois border. Lema, age 32, had finished tied for 34th and was heading west to a Monday tournament in the Chicago area. Both pilots of the twin-engine Beechcraft Bonanza were also killed as they attempted an emergency landing on a Lansing, Illinois golf course, near the destination airport.

</doc>
<doc id="19803898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803898" title="Polanka Wielka">
Polanka Wielka

Polanka Wielka is a village in Oświęcim County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Polanka Wielka. It lies approximately south-east of Oświęcim and west of the regional capital Kraków.
The village has a population of 3,800.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19803905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803905" title="1967 PGA Championship">
1967 PGA Championship

The 1967 PGA Championship was the 49th PGA Championship, played July 20–24 at Columbine Country Club in Columbine Valley, Colorado, a suburb south of Denver. Don January won his only major title in an 18-hole playoff over Don Massengale (69-71).
Both had overtaken the leaders with low scores in the fourth round on Sunday.
Columbine was scheduled to host the championship in 1966, but flooding of the course by the South Platte River caused a postponement of a year. Firestone Country Club in Ohio, scheduled to host in 1967, swapped years with Columbine and was the site of the tournament in 1966.
There was a possibility of a boycott of the championship by the top tournament players, due to grievances with the PGA of America. An understanding was achieved several weeks before and the top players entered.
At the time, Columbine was the longest course in major championship history at . The elevation of the course is over above sea level, but dry and fast conditions shortened its effective length. Tommy Aaron carded a course record 65 in the second round to take a four-stroke lead, but a 76 on Saturday dropped him two back and he fell out of contention on Sunday with a 78. The 54-hole leader was Dan Sikes, the chairman of the tournament players committee, who shot a final round 73 and finished a stroke out of the playoff, in a tie for third with Jack Nicklaus.
This was the second and final 18-hole Monday playoff at the PGA Championship, formerly a match play event through 1957. The next playoff was ten years later in 1977 and the format was changed to sudden-death, immediately following the fourth round. It was later changed to a three-hole aggregate format, first used in 2000.
The Open Championship was played the previous week near Liverpool, England, one of five times in the 1960s that these two majors were played in consecutive weeks in July. The PGA Championship moved permanently to August in 1969 (except 1971, when it was played in late February).
Round summaries.
First round.
"Thursday, July 20, 1967"
Second round.
"Friday, July 21, 1967"
Source:
Third round.
"Saturday, July 22, 1967"
Source:
Final round.
"Sunday, July 23, 1967"
Source:
Playoff.
"Monday, July 24, 1967"
Scorecard.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="19803909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803909" title="1999 Majorca Open – Singles">
1999 Majorca Open – Singles

Seeds.
A champion seed is indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which that seed was eliminated.

</doc>
<doc id="19803914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803914" title="Fernando Amaral">
Fernando Amaral

Fernando Monteiro do Amaral, GCC (Cambres, Lamego, 13 January 1925 - Lamego, 26 January 2009), was a Portuguese politician and parliamentary.
Career.
He graduated as a Licentiate in Law from the Faculty of Law of the University of Lisbon.
He was a Vereador of the Municipal Chamber and President of the City Council of Lamego and Purveyor of the Santa Casa da Misericórdia of Lisbon.
He was a Deputy to the Constituent Assembly and to the Assembly of the Republic at the 1st, 3rd, 4th, 5th and 6th Legislatures for the Social Democratic Party, held the office of Minister of Internal Administration in the 7th Constitutional Government and later became Adjoint Minister to the Prime Minister of Portugal Francisco Pinto Balsemão in the 8th.
He was elected the Vice-President of the Assembly of the Republic from 8 June 1983 to 24 October 1984, and the 7th President of the Assembly of the Republic from 25 October 1984 to 12 August 1987. He was also designated a Member of the Portuguese Council of State as the President of the Assembly of the Republic during the same period.
From 1987 to 1989 he was a Deputy to the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe, of which he also became Vice-President.
Decorations.
He was decorated with the Grand Cross of the Order of Christ.

</doc>
<doc id="19803937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803937" title="List of French number-one hits of 1968">
List of French number-one hits of 1968

This is a list of the French Singles & Airplay Chart Reviews number-ones of 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="19803947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803947" title="Kyrylo Bohatenko">
Kyrylo Bohatenko

Kyrylo Bohatenko () (born 15 April 1988) is a Ukrainian footballer.
Career.
Bohatenko played one season for FC Academia UTM Chişinău. He was signed by Russian First Division side FC Dynamo Bryansk in March 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19803984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19803984" title="Karl Dominik">
Karl Dominik

Karl Dominik (Chinese name: Kaier, 凯洱, pinyin: Kǎiěr, lit. "Triumphant River", born March 2, 1980) is a Western Chinese speaking actor based in China. Originally from Poland he studied acting in Canada in 1996, and started his acting career in China in 2006.
He created an organization to help actors create a community and share information and knowledge, the Shanghai Actors Association. Also many other more focused interest groups were formed through this vessel, such as the East West Theater Company of Shanghai.
As of September 6, 2009 the Shanghai Actors Association has been shelved due to focusing on other projects such as his talent agency: Constellation Talent Agency. It strives to offer a professional, comprehensive, equal opportunity solution for those in need of foreign talent in China.

</doc>
<doc id="19804003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804003" title="Orthopedic mattress">
Orthopedic mattress

As its name suggests, an orthopaedic mattress has been influenced by the medical study of Orthopaedics which focuses on disorders or deformities of the spine and joints. Orthopaedic mattresses have, therefore, been created to combat the problems one might experience with a bad back or joints by providing a firm mattress which offers targeted, tailored support
An orthopaedic mattress is a mattress designed to support the joints, back and overall body.
History and standards.
With medical innovations in the 1950s, many manufacturers of mattresses made an effort to improve their products and give them an edge over their competitors. It was in the midst of this culture that the concept of a medically superior mattress was born. The Orthopaedic Mattress was the final product of many years of research and development from many different companies.
There is no government standard or official designation that will qualify one mattress orthopaedic and the other not. This reality has created much confusion in the bedding industry, to the point where the typical consumer is not able to determine if a mattress is orthopaedic or not.
Use.
For many back pain sufferers, the orthopaedic mattress can offer a massive improvement in their quality of life. The appropriate support, and a reduction in pressure point pain can help sufferers to get a good night sleep and much needed pain relief. By investing in a good mattress which will provide excellent support, such as an orthopaedic mattress, will help you to maintain a good posture whilst you sleep and experience a reduction in any suffering you might ordinarily encounter during the day.
Materials.
The modern orthopaedic mattress comes in a variety of designs and materials, but the classic coil spring varieties are still commonly used. It is important to note that when shopping for an open coil orthopaedic mattress, you should look out for the mattresses’ gauge. This determines the thickness of the wire used during manufacturing. So in order to get one that truly offers ortho-support, it is always advisable to choose one with a low gauge as this will create a firm mattress.
Memory foam, a space age material, has become the current trend in support mattresses. Memory foam produced a revolution in support bedding, with mattress toppers becoming a way to revitalise an old, or overly firm mattress. Memory foam is a great material for orthopaedic mattresses because it has a dense cell structure. As such, it will naturally provide the required firm sleeping surface, but at the same time relieve pressure points by molding to an individual’s sleeping position.
Another excellent material worthy of consideration are pocket springs. With a pocket sprung mattress, each spring is individually housed within their own pocket, so they are able to work independently to provide tailor-made individual support. When looking for a pocket sprung orthopaedic mattress, it is important to see how many springs the mattress holds. This is because the amount of springs determines the firmness, so the more springs the mattress has the firmer it will be.

</doc>
<doc id="19804013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804013" title="Doubter">
Doubter

Doubter may mean:

</doc>
<doc id="19804016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804016" title="Spytkowice, Nowy Targ County">
Spytkowice, Nowy Targ County

Spytkowice is a village in Nowy Targ County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Spytkowice. It lies approximately north-west of Nowy Targ and south of the regional capital Kraków.
The village has a population of approximately 4,000.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19804030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804030" title="Ethyl cellulose">
Ethyl cellulose

Ethyl cellulose is a derivative of cellulose in which some of the hydroxyl groups on the repeating glucose units are converted into ethyl ether groups. The number of ethyl groups can vary depending on the manufacturer.
It is mainly used as a thin-film coaterial.
Ethyl cellulose is used as a food additive as an emulsifier (E462).

</doc>
<doc id="19804032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804032" title="Paata Jincharadze">
Paata Jincharadze

Paata Jincharadze (; born 21 December 1974) is a Georgian footballer. In 2010, he played for FC Dynamo Bryansk. He also holds Russian citizenship.

</doc>
<doc id="19804065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804065" title="Larry Ragland">
Larry Ragland

Larry Ragland is a professional offroad racing competitor and 5 time SCORE International Baja 1000 Trophy Truck overall winner. "Lightning" Larry Ragland is the second most winning driver in desert racing's history and a trophy truck expert.
Most recently, he and Roger Norman just placed 5th in the 2008 BitD Vegas to Reno. Larry Ragland along with Larry Roeseler and Norman Motorsports are in contention to win the Baja 1000 and the 2008 SCORE series.
Personal life.
Larry Ragland was born December 22, 1943. He has a son named Chad and currently lives in Cave Creek, Ariz.
Norman Motorsports.
In 2008 Ragland joined Larry Roeseler and Rhys Millen on the Norman Motorsports team as co-driver of Trophy Truck #8.
Video Game Credits.
Ragland was featured in the 2001 video game 'Larry Ragland's 4x4 Challenge'.

</doc>
<doc id="19804095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804095" title="Słopnice">
Słopnice

Słopnice is a village in Limanowa County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Słopnice. It lies approximately west of Limanowa and south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
The village has a population of approximately 6,000.
Słopnice has three sister cities: Balkány in Hungary, Chlebnice in Slovakia and Lázári in Romania.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19804107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804107" title="Russell A. Brown">
Russell A. Brown

Russell A. Brown is an American physician and computer scientist. He is the inventor of the N-localizer technology that guides stereotactic surgery or radiosurgery using medical images that are obtained via computed tomography, magnetic resonance imaging, and other tomographic imaging modalities.
Dr. Brown earned MD and PhD degrees at the University of Utah. While a medical student on rotation in the research laboratory of his mentor, James A. Nelson, he invented an ingenious device that guides stereotactic surgery or radiosurgery using computed tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). This technology has become known as the N-localizer. This invention stimulated intense interest in, and further development of, stereotactic surgery and radiosurgery. It is widely used today in the Brown-Roberts-Wells (BRW), Cosman-Roberts-Wells (CRW) and Leksell stereotactic systems and other stereotactic and radiosurgical instruments.

</doc>
<doc id="19804130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804130" title="1969 PGA Championship">
1969 PGA Championship

The 1969 PGA Championship was the 51st PGA Championship, played August 14–17 at the South Course of NCR Country Club in Kettering, Ohio, a suburb south of Dayton. Raymond Floyd, age 26, won the first of his four major titles, one stroke ahead of runner-up Gary Player.
Floyd held a five-shot lead after the third round, at 202 (−11), and carded a 74 (+3) on Sunday.
During the tournament's third round, demonstrators tried to disrupt the play of Player and Jack Nicklaus. Ice was thrown in Player's face and one spectator yelled while Nicklaus prepared to putt. Security was stepped up for the final round on Sunday.
This was the first PGA Championship after the formation of the "Tournament Players Division" in December 1968, later renamed the PGA Tour. It also marked the permanent move of the PGA Championship to August, excluding 1971, which was played in Florida in February. Except for 1965, it had been played in July in the 1960s; five times during the decade it was held the week immediately after the The Open Championship in Britain, including 1968. The new scheduling allowed more players to participate in both majors, cementing the concept of the modern grand slam.
The attendance on Sunday was 23,543 and a new record was set for the four days at 80,847; including practice days, the week's attendance was 106,043.
Past champions in the field.
Missed the cut.
Source:
Final leaderboard.
"Sunday, August 17, 1969"
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="19804136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804136" title="Baal Shem of London">
Baal Shem of London

Rabbi Dr Hayyim Samuel Jacob Falk (; Also known as the Baal Shem of London and Doctor Falckon; 1708 – 17 April 1782) was a rabbi, Practical Kabbalist and alchemist.
Early life.
Falk was born in either Fürth in Bavaria or Pidhaytsi in Podolia. In 1742 he arrived in London after narrowly escaping being burnt at the stake by the authorities in Westphalia who charged him with sorcery. He lived at 35 Prescott Street, London, United Kingdom and at Wellclose Square, London until his death. He was a neighbour of Emmanuel Swedenborg and there is some evidence that he had a significant influence on him.
Folklore surrounding Falk.
Many stories were current concerning Falk's extraordinary powers. According to one account, it was Falk's custom to make clandestine visits to Epping Forest in his carriage, where he was reported to have buried quantities of treasure. On one of these occasions a wheel came loose from the vehicle on the Whitechapel Road, but followed the carriage all the way to the forest. When Falk ran short of coal, he was said to have performed a magical feat involving three shirts and a ram's horn. Falk was also able to keep candles burning miraculously, and to transport objects from one place to another.
Some claimed that he had saved the Great Synagogue from a fire raging in the neighbourhood by writing four Hebrew letters on the pillars of the door. The most famous tale of Rabbi Falk concerns his connection with the death of Aaron Goldsmid, one of the Baal Shem's executors appointed in his will.
Jewish opinion of Falk.
The Baal Shem of London was received very equivocally by the Jews themselves, however, although he seems to have been friendly with Chief Rabbi David Tevele Schiff, whom Falk referred to as the "rabbi of London and the entire country". Falk bequeathed in his will an annual sum of 100 pounds to the Great Synagogue (Duke's Place), London as well as some Sefer Torahs.
Rabbi Jacob Emden accused him of being a Sabbatean, a supporter of Sabbati Zevi, as he invited Moses David of Podhayce, a known Sabbatean with connections to Jonathan Eibeschutz, to his home.
Diary and Biography.
Falk kept a diary containing records of dreams and the Kabbalistic names of angels. This can be found in the library of the United Synagogue in London. In 2002 Michal Oren published the diary and a biography of Falk. The diary is written in Hebrew and is very cryptic. The diary was published together with the diary of Falk's assistant, Tsvee Hirsch of Kalish.
Death and Burial.
He died on 17 April 1782 and was buried in the cemetery at Globe Road, Mile End.

</doc>
<doc id="19804141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804141" title="1970 PGA Championship">
1970 PGA Championship

The 1970 PGA Championship was the 52nd PGA Championship, played August 13–16 at Southern Hills Country Club in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Dave Stockton won the first of his two PGA Championships at 279 (−1), two strokes ahead of runners-up Bob Murphy and Arnold Palmer. It was Palmer's third runner-up finish at the only major he never won, and was his last time in contention in the final round of a PGA Championship. Stockton won his second PGA Championship six years later in 1976.
The third round was played in heat, and Stockton led by three strokes after 54 holes at 206 (−4). Defending champion Raymond Floyd carded a 65 (−5) on Saturday and was in second place at 209 (−1) entering the final round, and Palmer was alone in third place at 211 (+1).
It was the second major championship at Southern Hills, which hosted the U.S. Open in 1958. It later hosted the U.S. Open in 1977 and 2001 and the PGA Championship in 1982, 1994, and 2007.
Past champions in the field.
Missed the cut.
Source:
Final leaderboard.
"Sunday, August 16, 1970"
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="19804148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804148" title="1971 PGA Championship">
1971 PGA Championship

The 1971 PGA Championship was the 53rd PGA Championship, played February 25–28 at the original PGA National Golf Club, presently known as BallenIsles Country Club (East Course) in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida.
Jack Nicklaus won the championship by two strokes over Billy Casper, the reigning Masters champion. It was Nicklaus' second PGA Championship victory and he became the first in history to complete the modern career Grand Slam for a second time; two victories in each of the four major championships. Nicklaus completed his third career grand slam at the 1978 British Open.
The championship was played in February rather than August, due to anticipated oppressive summer weather in Florida. The rescheduling changed the PGA Championship from the fourth and final major of the calendar year to the first in 1971, and the 1970 and 1971 editions were consecutive majors. It returned to August in 1972 at Oakland Hills in Michigan.
Past champions in the field.
Missed the cut.
Source:
Final leaderboard.
"Sunday, February 28, 1971"
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="19804150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804150" title="Stonehenge Cursus">
Stonehenge Cursus

The Stonehenge Cursus (sometimes known as the Greater Cursus) is a large Neolithic cursus monument next to Stonehenge in Wiltshire, England.
It is roughly 3 km long and between 100 and 150m wide. Excavations in 2007 dated the construction of the earthwork to between 3630 and 3375 BCE. This makes the monument several hundred years older than the earliest phase of Stonehenge in 3000 BC. The cursus is part of the National Trust's Stonehenge Landscape property.
Etymology.
Cursus comes from the Latin for 'racecourse'. Early antiquarians who first discovered cursus believed them to be Roman racing tracks.
Context.
Radiocarbon dating of a Red deer antler pick discovered at the bottom of the western terminal ditch suggests that the Stonehenge Cursus was first constructed between 3630 and 3375 BCE. It is just under 3 km long, and is roughly 100m wide. Because of a slight difference in the alignment of its north and south ditches, it widens to a point nearly 150m near its western end. It is roughly aligned east-west and is orientated toward the sunrise on the spring and autumn equinoxes. There is a (later) Bronze Age round barrow inside the western end of the enclosure, and a large Neolithic long barrow was constructed at its east terminal. The Stonehenge Riverside Project excavated the remains of the long barrow in 2008 to determine if the barrow predated, or was contemporary with the cursus itself. The ditches of the cursus are not uniform and vary in width and depth. The eastern ditch is fairly shallow, as is the southern ditch – being only 0.75m deep and 1.8m wide at the top. At the western terminal, the ditch is 2m deep and 2.75m wide.
Like most cursus, its function is unclear, although it is believed to be ceremonial. The length of the cursus, running roughly east west, crosses a dry river valley known as Stonehenge Bottom. This may have been a winterbourne during the Neolithic era. If so, this would give it similar characteristics to other cursus, such as the Dorset Cursus, and it may be related to a ceremonial function. It has also been suggested that the Stonehenge Cursus acts as a boundary between areas of settlement and ceremonial activity. The cursus is also aligned on the equinox sunrise which rises over the eastern long barrow.
Excavation.
William Stukeley was the first antiquarian to identify and record the Stonehenge Cursus, although he incorrectly assumed it to be Roman in origin. In 1947 John FS Stone excavated a small area of the southern ditch toward the west end of the cursus. He discovered a small chipping of bluestone and an antler pick in a specially dug recess that dated from approximately 2500 BCE.
In 2007, the Stonehenge Riverside Project dug three trenches at the western end of the cursus, discovering the antler pick at the western terminus ditch. A trench in the northern ditch uncovered a sherd of pottery tentatively dated to the 4th millennium BCE. A trench at the southern ditch found evidence of recuts into the original ditch, c. 2500 BCE (when Stones antler was deposited), and again between 2000 and 1500 BCE.
Amesbury 42 Long Barrow.
Just beyond the eastern terminal of the Cursus is a Neolithic long barrow, oriented north-south. It was noted by William Stukeley in 1723 and Richard Colt Hoare in 1810, and was excavated by John Thurnam in 1868, recovering an ox skull and some secondary inhumations. The barrow has since been levelled and is now underneath a bridleway running along King Barrow Ridge. The 2m deep eastern ditch of the barrow was excavated once in the 1980s by Julian Richards and his team for the Stonehenge Environs Project, although they failed to find any dateable material. The Stonehenge Riverside Project excavated the ditch once more in 2008.
As long ago as 1979, the Royal Commission on Historical Monuments recommended that the barrow should be better protected, by diverting the bridleway around it and clearing the woodland between it and the cursus.
This is yet to happen however.
The Lesser Cursus.
750m northwest of the western end of the Stonehenge Cursus lies the Lesser Cursus, a 400m long and 60m wide earthwork oriented west-southwest – north-northeast. Although its banks and ditches survived into the 20th century, ploughing since World War II has levelled it and it is only visible today as a cropmark.
The Lesser Cursus was excavated in 1983 as part of the Stonehenge Environs Project. They discovered that the original earthworks was only half its current length, but was then extended. They also concluded, as had previously been thought, that it had no eastern terminal. The ditches and banks simply stop leaving the eastern end open. The project also discovered several red deer antler picks that have dated the monument to approximately 3000 BCE.
Access.
The Stonehenge Cursus is entirely located in the Stonehenge Landscape property's open access land and is therefore free to visit. It is located 700m north of Stonehenge and is easily reached via the bridleway heading north from Stonehenge car park. The Lesser Cursus is on arable land, although a permissive path goes near it. However, as it is only visible as a cropmark, there is nothing to see. Amesbury 42 long barrow is under a bridleway at the far eastern end of the Greater Cursus.

</doc>
<doc id="19804157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804157" title="1972 PGA Championship">
1972 PGA Championship

The 1972 PGA Championship was the 54th PGA Championship, played August 3–6 at Oakland Hills Country Club in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan, a suburb northwest of Detroit. Gary Player won his second PGA Championship with a total of 281 (+1), two strokes ahead of runners-up Tommy Aaron and Jim Jamieson. It was the sixth of Player's nine major titles, but his first in over four years.
The PGA Championship returned to the month of August in 1972 after being played in late February in 1971 in Florida.
Defending champion Jack Nicklaus, winner of the year's Masters and U.S. Open and runner-up in the British Open, finished six strokes back in a tie for thirteenth place. He regained the title the following year.
It was the fifth major championship held on the South Course, which previously hosted the U.S. Open in 1924, 1937, 1951, and 1961. It later hosted the PGA Championship in 1979 and 2008, the U.S. Open in 1985 and 1996, and the Ryder Cup in 2004.
Past champions in the field.
Missed the cut.
Source:
Final leaderboard.
"Sunday, August 6, 1972"
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="19804164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804164" title="1973 PGA Championship">
1973 PGA Championship

The 1973 PGA Championship was the 55th PGA Championship, played August 9–12 at Canterbury Golf Club in Beachwood, Ohio, a suburb east of Cleveland. Ohio native Jack Nicklaus won the third of his five PGA Championships, four strokes ahead of runner-up Bruce Crampton.
It was the twelfth of Nicklaus' eighteen major titles as a professional. At the time, the holder of the most major titles was the late Bobby Jones, with thirteen. As a lifelong amateur, his majors were the Open and amateur championships in the U.S. and Britain. Including his two U.S. Amateur titles, Nicklaus now had 14 majors, surpassing Jones.
Sam Snead, age 61, shot even-par each day and finished in the top ten for the second straight year; he tied for ninth after a tie for fourth in 1972 and would improve on those in 1974.
This was the third major at Canterbury, which hosted the U.S. Open twice in the 1940s, both decided in playoffs. Lawson Little was the champion in 1940 with a three-stroke win over Gene Sarazen. Following World War II in 1946, the first U.S. Open in five years was played at the course. Lloyd Mangrum won in the second 18-hole playoff round, one stroke ahead of major winners Byron Nelson and Vic Ghezzi.
Past champions in the field.
Missed the cut.
Source:
Final leaderboard.
"Sunday, August 12, 1973"
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="19804167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804167" title="Viktor Láznička">
Viktor Láznička

Viktor Láznička (born January 9, 1988, in Pardubice) is a chess grandmaster from the Czech Republic.
Early moves.
After learning the game at age six, he progressed quickly to playing junior tournaments and achieved many prize-winning performances in the national championships across the range of age limits. These included wins in the under-10 category (1997) and the under-12 category (1998 and 1999). He also finished second at the under-18 event in 2001. 
At the European Youth Chess Championship, held in Herceg Novi in 2005, he was a bronze-medallist in the under-18 category.
Upon leaving school, he enrolled at the Charles University, Prague, to study Business Administration.
International competition.
In the early part of Láznička's tournament career, he was a joint winner at Olomouc in 2002 and at Mariánské Lázně in 2003. He was successful in Brno in both 2005 and 2006, the latter when he won the full national Czech Championship. This was also the year that he qualified as a grandmaster and commenced his Olympiad career, scoring the best individual result of the Czech team in Turin.
In 2007, he was joint winner of the Czech Open (with Vlastimil Babula), held in his home town. He qualified for the Chess World Cup 2007, but was eliminated in the first round by strong Polish player Bartłomiej Macieja. 
In 2008, he shared victory with Krishnan Sasikiran at Calcutta and was declared winner on tie-break. He then took a share of second place at the EU Individual Open Chess Championship in Liverpool, behind Jan Werle (and equal with the highly rated Michael Adams and Nigel Short). In December 2009, he tied for 1st-4th with Georg Meier, Julio Granda and Kiril Georgiev in the 19th Magistral Pamplona Tournament. In June 2010, he won the City of Good Wine Rapid tournament in Hustopeče.
Láznička has had several coaches during his chess career, but most recently has been tutored by Sergei Movsesian, a high ranking Slovakian player and one of his team-mates in the Czech league.
As of October 2008, he was the Czech Republic's fourth highest rated player, after David Navara, Zbyněk Hráček and Vlastimil Babula.
In July 2010, he took clear first place at the World Open Chess Tournament with 7.5/9.

</doc>
<doc id="19804175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804175" title="1974 PGA Championship">
1974 PGA Championship

The 1974 PGA Championship was the 56th PGA Championship, played August 8–11 at Tanglewood Park in Clemmons, North Carolina, a suburb southwest of Winston-Salem. Lee Trevino won the first of his two PGA Championships, one stroke ahead of defending champion Jack Nicklaus. It was the fifth of Trevino's six major titles and Nicklaus was the runner-up to Trevino in a major for the fourth and final time. It was the first year since 1969 in which Nicklaus did not win a major championship, but he regained the title the following year.
Three-time champion Sam Snead, age 62, finished tied for third for his third consecutive top ten finish in the event. It was the final major in which he was in contention, his next best finish was a tie for 42nd at the PGA Championship in 1979.
Trevino used a putter he found in a friend's attic only days before and had only one three-putt, on the 71st hole.
Tanglewood is a county-owned facility in Forsyth County.
This championship coincided with the resignation of President Nixon, who left office on Friday.
Past champions in the field.
Missed the cut.
Source:
Final leaderboard.
"Sunday, August 11, 1974"
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="19804177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804177" title="Caudron C.240">
Caudron C.240

__NOTOC__
The Caudron C.240 was a four-seat touring aircraft produced in France in 1931. It was a single-engined, low-wing, cantilever monoplane constructed using wood and metal.
Caudron were unable to find customers for this aircraft so further development was abandoned.

</doc>
<doc id="19804183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804183" title="1975 PGA Championship">
1975 PGA Championship

The 1975 PGA Championship was the 57th PGA Championship, played August 7–10 at the South Course of Firestone Country Club in Akron, Ohio. Jack Nicklaus, an Ohio native, won the fourth of his five PGA Championships and the fourteenth of his eighteen major titles, two strokes ahead of runner-up Bruce Crampton. Nicklaus was the 54-hole leader, four strokes ahead of Crampton.
It was the second major of the year for Nicklaus, who won his fifth green jacket in April at the Masters, and the fourth of five times that he won two majors in the same calendar year.
Through 2013, this was the fourth and last time a player won the Masters and PGA Championship in the same calendar year. Nicklaus had previously won both in 1963, preceded by Jack Burke, Jr. in 1956 and Sam Snead in 1949.
This was the third PGA Championship at the South Course, which previously hosted in 1960 and 1966. It is the current venue for the WGC-Bridgestone Invitational, which began in 1976 as the "World Series of Golf" on the PGA Tour.
Past champions in the field.
Missed the cut.
Source:
Final leaderboard.
"Sunday, August 10, 1975"
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="19804184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804184" title="Łętownia, Lesser Poland Voivodeship">
Łętownia, Lesser Poland Voivodeship

Łętownia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jordanów, within Sucha County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately north of Jordanów, north-east of Sucha Beskidzka, and south of the regional capital Kraków.
The village has a population of 2,800.

</doc>
<doc id="19804186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804186" title="Nikola Grubješić">
Nikola Grubješić

Nikola Grubješić (Serbian Cyrillic: Никола Грубјешић; born 29 June 1984 in Šabac) is a Serbian football striker. He last played for Leotar in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
His late father, Pavle Grubješić was also a Partizan player.

</doc>
<doc id="19804187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804187" title="Naprawa, Sucha County">
Naprawa, Sucha County

Naprawa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jordanów, within Sucha County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.
The village has an approximate population of 2,100.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19804188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804188" title="Osielec">
Osielec

Osielec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jordanów, within Sucha County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately west of Jordanów, south-east of Sucha Beskidzka, and south of the regional capital Kraków.
The village has a population of 3,000.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19804191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804191" title="Toporzysko, Lesser Poland Voivodeship">
Toporzysko, Lesser Poland Voivodeship

Toporzysko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jordanów, within Sucha County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately south of Jordanów, south-east of Sucha Beskidzka, and south of the regional capital Kraków.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19804192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804192" title="1976 PGA Championship">
1976 PGA Championship

The 1976 PGA Championship was the 58th PGA Championship, played August 12–16 at Congressional Country Club (Blue Course) in Bethesda, Maryland. Dave Stockton, the 1970 champion, sank a foot putt to save par on the 72nd hole to win his second PGA Championship, one stroke ahead of runners-up Raymond Floyd and Don January. The final round was delayed to Monday for the first time, due to weather. Stockton's final putt averted the first sudden-death playoff in major championship history, which came a year later at the 1977 PGA Championship.
Defending champion Jack Nicklaus uncharacteristically shot a final round 74 (+4) and finished two strokes back, in a tie for fourth. Third round leader Charles Coody shot 77 and fell into a tie for eighth.
Final leaderboard.
"Monday, August 16, 1976"
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="19804193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804193" title="Wysoka, Sucha County">
Wysoka, Sucha County

Wysoka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jordanów, within Sucha County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19804204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804204" title="1977 PGA Championship">
1977 PGA Championship

The 1977 PGA Championship was the 59th PGA Championship, played August 11–14 at Pebble Beach Golf Links in Pebble Beach, California. Lanny Wadkins, 27, won his only major championship in a sudden-death playoff over Gene Littler. It was the first playoff at the PGA Championship in ten years and was the first-ever sudden-death playoff in a stroke-play major championship. The last was 36 years earlier at the 1941 PGA Championship, when the 36-hole final match went to two extra holes.
Prior to the start of the championship, the irons of several top players were deemed to have non-conforming groove dimensions, most notably those of Tom Watson. He had won the Masters and British Open earlier that year, and was attempting to become the first to win three majors in the same year since Ben Hogan in 1953. Others with non-conforming irons included major winners Raymond Floyd, Hale Irwin, Gary Player, and Tom Weiskopf. Watson shot an opening round of 68 (−4) with an old set of borrowed irons, and finished at 286 (−2), four strokes back in a tie for sixth. He won eight majors but never a PGA Championship; his only win in the U.S. Open came here at Pebble Beach in 1982.
Four-time champion Jack Nicklaus finished one stroke out of the playoff at 283 (−5). He won the previous major at this course, the U.S. Open in 1972, and was runner-up to Watson at the next in 1982.
This was the second major championship at Pebble Beach, which had hosted the U.S. Open in 1972. The U.S. Open returned in 1982, 1992, 2000, and 2010.
Round summaries.
First round.
"Thursday, August 11, 1977"
Second round.
"Friday, August 12, 1977"
Third round.
"Saturday, August 13, 1977"
Final round.
"Sunday, August 14, 1977"
Littler, 47, was the leader in each of the first three rounds and entered Sunday at 206 (−10), with a four-shot lead over Jack Nicklaus. One-under on the front nine, Littler staggered on the back with a five-over 41. After the turn, he made five bogeys in six holes, then rallied with pars on the three finishing holes to make the playoff with a 76 (+4). Wadkins started the round six strokes back and shot a 70, which included a birdie on the par-5 18th hole to get to six-under for the championship. As the clubhouse leader, he waited for the final pairing of Nicklaus and Littler. Tied for the lead with two holes remaining, Nicklaus bogeyed the par-3 17th to miss the playoff by a stroke. He had famously birdied the same hole in the final round of the 1972 U.S. Open, which he won by three strokes.
Source:
Playoff.
The sudden-death playoff began on the par-4 first hole, where Wadkins missed the green, chipped from the heavy rough to and saved par to tie. At the second hole, both reached the green of the par-5 in two shots, narrowly missed eagle putts, and tapped in for birdies. At the third hole, both missed the green in the heavy rough. Littler's difficult chip left him for a par four, while Wadkins got his chip to within five feet (1.5 m). After Littler missed to the right, Wadkins rolled his in for the win.
The championship had gone without a playoff since 1967. The seventh and last sudden-death playoff was in 1996; the format was changed to a three-hole aggregate, first used in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="19804213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804213" title="Białka, Lesser Poland Voivodeship">
Białka, Lesser Poland Voivodeship

Białka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maków Podhalański, within Sucha County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately south of Maków Podhalański, south-east of Sucha Beskidzka, and south-west of the regional capital Kraków.
The village has a population of 2,542.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19804214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804214" title="Grzechynia">
Grzechynia

Grzechynia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maków Podhalański, within Sucha County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Maków Podhalański, south-east of Sucha Beskidzka, and south-west of the regional capital Kraków.
The village has a population of 2,503.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19804217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804217" title="Juszczyn, Lesser Poland Voivodeship">
Juszczyn, Lesser Poland Voivodeship

Juszczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maków Podhalański, within Sucha County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately south of Maków Podhalański, south-east of Sucha Beskidzka, and south-west of the regional capital Kraków.
The village has a population of 2,511.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19804219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804219" title="Thomas Land (Drayton Manor)">
Thomas Land (Drayton Manor)

Thomas Land is a themed area at Drayton Manor Theme Park in Staffordshire, England, based on the TV series "Thomas and Friends". It stands on the former site of Robinsons Land, a themed area sponsored by the soft drinks brand of the same name. The construction began while the park was still open in September 2007, and many of the Robinsons Land rides were moved to other areas of the park for the remainder of the season. All but the Veteran Cars (now Sodor's Classic Cars) were removed and sold to Funland at Hayling Island. Thomas Land officially opened to the public on 15 March 2008.
Rides.
Thomas Land is set in of parkland and features 13 themed rides.
Train rides.
Models of Thomas, Percy, and Rosie are used on the Two foot and 600 mm gauge railways narrow gauge Thomas Land Railway that takes visitors through Thomas Land. The line features Tidmouth Sheds, where stationary models are kept, Knapford Station, which serves as the main station and a refreshment stand, Dryaw, and Tidmouth Hault. It also has many sidings and sheds along the way, one of which carries a sleeping model of James.
Discover Thomas & Friends.
In early 2009, HIT Entertainment announced that the original models from the television series would be put on display at Thomas Land in an exhibit called "Discover Thomas & Friends", as production was to move to Canada, now that the series is to be animated with CGI. The models were then put on display in 2010. So far, the layout features "Great Waterton", a town that first appeared in "The Great Discovery", the Fishing Village and Brendam Docks. Many other buildings have been seen from previous seasons from the show, such as "Neptune's Refreshments", "Ben's Books", Toby's Shed and Bluff's Cove signal box. Models have also appeared in the workshop, including: Bulgy, Terence, Trevor, Elizabeth, Butch, 3 Horrid Lorries, a canal boat, A Tug boat (Top Hat), A Harbour Ship (Izzy Gomez), 2 red and white express carriages, 2 green and cream express carriages, Thomas, Edward, Toby, Stepney, Rosie, Harvey, Bulstrode, Toad the brake van (faceless), and various trucks.

</doc>
<doc id="19804220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804220" title="Kojszówka">
Kojszówka

Kojszówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maków Podhalański, within Sucha County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately east of Maków Podhalański, east of Sucha Beskidzka, and south of the regional capital Kraków.
The village has a population of 889.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19804226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804226" title="Wieprzec, Lesser Poland Voivodeship">
Wieprzec, Lesser Poland Voivodeship

Wieprzec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maków Podhalański, within Sucha County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately east of Maków Podhalański, east of Sucha Beskidzka, and south of the regional capital Kraków.
The village has a population of 428.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19804229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804229" title="Żarnówka">
Żarnówka

Żarnówka may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19804231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804231" title="1978 PGA Championship">
1978 PGA Championship

The 1978 PGA Championship was the 60th PGA Championship, played August 3-6 at Oakmont Country Club in Oakmont, Pennsylvania, a suburb northeast of Pittsburgh. John Mahaffey won his only major championship in a sudden-death playoff over Jerry Pate and Tom Watson.
Watson led the tournament each day and held a five-shot lead after 54 holes, but he faltered on Sunday with a 73 (+2) in his best opportunity for a PGA Championship, the only major he has never won. Pate had a four-foot (1.3 m) putt for a par and the victory on the 72nd hole, but it lipped out. After opening with a four-over 75 on Thursday, Mahaffey rebounded to go 12-under for the next three rounds, including a five-under 66 in the final round to gain the seven strokes on Watson. He had a history of hard luck in majors: at the U.S. Open, he lost the 18-hole playoff in 1975 and was the 54-hole leader in 1976, won by tour rookie Pate. Mahaffey broke that streak when he birdied the second extra hole to win the playoff at Oakmont.
It was the second of three consecutive playoffs at the PGA Championship.
Jack Nicklaus, age 38, shot a 79 in the first round and missed the cut by five strokes in one of his worst performances in a major. Four-time champion Nicklaus was a pre-tournament favorite: in previous majors at Oakmont he won the 1962 U.S. Open, his first major and first win as a professional, and tied for fourth in the 1973 U.S. Open. At the previous year's PGA Championship at Pebble Beach, he finished third, one stroke out of the playoff.
This was the third PGA Championship held at Oakmont and its eighth major.
Past champions in the field.
Missed the cut.
Source:
Round summaries.
First round.
"Thursday, August 3, 1978"
Second round.
"Friday, August 4, 1978"
Source:
Third round.
"Saturday, August 5, 1978"
Source:
Final round.
"Sunday, August 6, 1978"
Source:
Playoff.
The sudden death playoff began on the front nine at hole #1, a par-4 which all three parred.<br>After Watson and Pate could not birdie hole #2, Mahaffey sunk a birdie putt to win the title.

</doc>
<doc id="19804232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804232" title="Żarnówka, Lesser Poland Voivodeship">
Żarnówka, Lesser Poland Voivodeship

Żarnówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maków Podhalański, within Sucha County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately east of Maków Podhalański, east of Sucha Beskidzka, and south of the regional capital Kraków.
The village has a population of 1,358.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19804239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804239" title="1979 PGA Championship">
1979 PGA Championship

The 1979 PGA Championship was the 61st PGA Championship, played August 2–5 at Oakland Hills Country Club in Bloomfield Township, Michigan, a suburb northwest of Detroit. After a double-bogey on the 72nd hole, David Graham won the first of his two major titles on the third hole of a sudden-death playoff with Ben Crenshaw. Through 17 holes in the final round, Graham was seven-under, with seven birdies and ten pars. Of the 21 holes he played Sunday, nine were birdies.
After 54 holes, Rex Caldwell was the leader at 203 (–7), Crenshaw was two strokes back and Graham four behind at 207 (–3), all in search of their first major title. It was the fifth runner-up finish for Crenshaw in a major, and second consecutive. He later won two majors, both at the Masters, in 1984 and 1995; Graham won his second at the U.S. Open in 1981 at Merion.
Three-time champion Sam Snead set the record for the oldest player to make the cut in a major. He was 67 years, 2 months, and 7 days of age at the cut and finished 42nd at 288 (+8). He won in 1942, 1949, and 1951, all in match play.
It was the sixth major championship held on the South Course, which previously hosted the PGA Championship in 1972 and the U.S. Open in 1924, 1937, 1951, and 1961. It later hosted the U.S. Open in 1985 and 1996, the PGA Championship in 2008, and the Ryder Cup in 2004.
This was the third consecutive playoff at the PGA Championship (and nearly the fourth, as the 1976 title was decided by the final putt on the 72nd green).
Graham became the second Australian-born player to win the PGA Championship, preceded by Jim Ferrier in 1947.
Past champions in the field.
Missed the cut.
Source
Final leaderboard.
"Sunday, August 5, 1979"
Source:
Scorecard.
"Final round"
"Cumulative tournament scores, relative to par"

</doc>
<doc id="19804243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804243" title="Zayandeh River Culture">
Zayandeh River Culture

Zayandeh River Culture (تمدن زاینده رود, literally ""Zāyandé-Rūd Civilization"") is a hypothetical pre-historic culture that is theorized to have flourished around the Zayandeh River in Iran in the 6th millennium BC.
Archaeologists speculate that a possible early civilization existed along the banks of the Zayandeh River, developing at the same time as other ancient civilizations appeared alongside rivers in the region, such as the Sumerian civilization in Iraq and the Indus Valley civilization in ancient India.
Link with Sialk and Marvdasht civilizations.
During the 2006 excavations, the Iranian archaeologists uncovered some artifacts that they linked to those from Sialk and Marvdasht.
Archaeological discoveries.
Previous archeological excavations in the Zayandeh River basin unearthed a 50,000 year old cave containing Human and Animal remains.
"Following archaeological studies, we are going to excavate two historical hills, one of which is alongside Zayaneh River midway, and the other in the Gav khooni swamp." said Mohsen Javeri, head of archaeological studies of the Cultural Heritage of Isfahan.
According to Javeri, both of the selected hills of the site for belong to the pre-historic period, but their exact date is not yet known. During the 2004 excavations within the perimeters of Isfahan city, it was determined that the city dates back to earlier than the 6th millennium BC.

</doc>
<doc id="19804250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804250" title="Campania regional election, 2005">
Campania regional election, 2005

The Campania regional election of 2005 took place on 3–4 April 2005.
Antonio Bassolino (Democrats of the Left, then Democratic Party) was re-elected defeating Italo Bocchino (National Alliance) by a landslide.
Results.
<onlyinclude>
Source: Ministry of the Interior</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19804257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804257" title="Paul Edwards (footballer born 1947)">
Paul Edwards (footballer born 1947)

Paul Francis Edwards (born 7 October 1947) is an English ex-footballer who played as a defender for three clubs in the north-west of England: Manchester United, Oldham Athletic and Stockport County.
Born in Shaw and Crompton, Lancashire, Edwards began his football career with Manchester United, signing his first amateur contract with them on 14 August 1963. He turned professional 18 months later, but it was not for another four years that he made his first team debut, playing in the 3–0 defeat away to Everton on 19 August 1969. His first – and only – goal for the club came in the December of that year. In a League Cup semi-final against Manchester City on 17 December 1969, Edwards let fly with a long-range effort that flew past the City goalkeeper. It proved to be the highlight of Edwards' Manchester United career. In his first full season with the club, Edwards made 28 appearances for Manchester United, but a run of bad form halfway through his second season resulted in a short period in the reserves. Up to that point, Edwards had mainly been deployed as a right back, but when he returned to the first team, he was played at centre back.
Frank O'Farrell took over as manager of Manchester United in June 1971, and Edwards fell out of favour in the new manager's team selections. He remained at the club for two further seasons, but he found first team opportunities hard to come by and he was loaned to Oldham Athletic for six months in September 1972 before they signed him for £15,000 in the summer of 1973. The following season, Edwards helped the Latics to their second Third Division title. He stayed with them until 1978, 112 appearances and seven goals later, when he moved to Stockport County, with whom he had spent a short period on loan in 1976–77. After 67 appearances and two goals for Stockport, Edwards retired from professional football.

</doc>
<doc id="19804271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804271" title="Rue de Vaugirard">
Rue de Vaugirard

Rue de Vaugirard is the longest road in Paris, at 4.3 km. It spans the 6th and 15th arrondissements.
Location.
Rue de Vaugirard is mostly a one-way street from the Latin Quarter (at the junction of Boulevards Victor and Lefebvre) towards the edge of Paris (at the Porte de Versailles). Traffic flows in both directions between Rue de Rennes and the Place de l'Odéon. Numbering starts in the Latin Quarter, reaching the 400s by Porte de Versailles. It is one of the longest streets in Paris.
Origins of the name.
"Vaugirard" came from an old French noun-and-genitive construction "val Girard" = "valley of Girard" (Latin "vallis Girardi"), after an "Abbé Girard", who owned the land over which the road passes.
History.
The road appeared in the fifteenth century, and led from Philip II's city walls towards the village of Vaugirard. This route was itself based on an old Roman road.
Sites of interest.
A substantial chunk of Line 12 of the Paris Metro follows Rue de Vaugirard. The following stations have entrances on the road:

</doc>
<doc id="19804272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804272" title="West Hertel Academy">
West Hertel Academy

West Hertel Academy is located at 489 Hertel Avenue and serves Grades PreK through 8. The current acting principal is Ms. Aakta Patel, and the current assistant principal is Mr. Freddy Barrera.
History.
West Hertel Academy opened for students in 1968 and was named West Hertel Middle School and housed grades 5 through 8. All the area Buffalo schools transferred all students that were entering 5th thru 8th grade in 1968 to this school only. It was the year the Bus Pass was made available in order to use public transportation to get all the students to school and back home each day.
It was awarded the Blue Ribbon Award in the 1985-1986 school year. The school was renovated in 2005, and was temporarily relocated to former School 44.
Former principals.
"Previous assignment and reason for departure denoted in parentheses"
Selected former assistant principals.
"Previous assignment and reason for departure denoted in parentheses"

</doc>
<doc id="19804280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804280" title="The Bold Caballero (1936 film)">
The Bold Caballero (1936 film)

The Bold Caballero is a 1936 film based on the famous character Zorro, created by Johnston McCulley. The characters Don Alejandro Vega (Don Diego's father) and Bernardo are notably absent. Native American stars include Chief Thundercloud as Don Diego Vega/Zorro's aide and Charles Stevens as Captain Vargas. John Merton appears uncredited in this film as a First Sergeant. Merton also appears in "Zorro's Fighting Legion" as Manuel and "Zorro's Black Whip" as Harris. The film is notable for being the first "talking Zorro movie", as the first two Zorro movies were silent films. It was shot in Chatsworth, Los Angeles.
Plot.
Zorro (Robert Livingston) has been captured and set for execution, charged with the murder of the new Governor (Robert Warwick) in Spanish California, as the Governor was marked with a "Z". Zorro escapes, and reveals his identity to the Governor's daughter, Isabella (Heather Angel). However, Isabella then has Don Diego arrested. He convinces Isabella that the Commandante (Sig Ruman) was the real killer, as the "Z" on the Governor was backwards. Eventually, Isabella helps free Don Diego, the Commandante is killed, and Diego and Isabella reunite.
DVD release.
On March 18, 2008, Mill Creek Entertainment released the box set "Zorro: The Masked Avenger" featuring "The Bold Cabarello", "Zorro Rides Again", "Zorro's Fighting Legion", and "Zorro's Black Whip".

</doc>
<doc id="19804281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804281" title="Elections in Campania">
Elections in Campania

This page gathers the results of elections in Campania.
Regional elections.
Last regional election.
In the last regional election, which took place on 28–29 March 2010, Stefano Caldoro of The People of Freedom defeated by a comfortable margin Stefano De Luca of the Democratic Party and thus conquered one of the strongholds of the centre-left for the centre-right. The People of Freedom was the largest party with more than 30% of the vote.

</doc>
<doc id="19804291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804291" title="Werner Wolff">
Werner Wolff

Werner Wolff may refer to;

</doc>
<doc id="19804316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804316" title="Boccia at the Summer Paralympics">
Boccia at the Summer Paralympics

Boccia has been contested at the Summer Paralympics since the 1984 Games in New York and Stoke Mandeville. Five boccia events were held at those games, two for men, two for women, and one mixed event where men and women competed together. Since then, all boccia events at the Paralympics have been mixed. Athletes in this sport have cerebral palsy and are given a classification according to the extent of their disability. There were originally two classes, C1 and C2, with C1 corresponding to those with more severe impairment. In 1996 a "C1 with aid device" class was added, and in 2000 the system was changed to have four classes, BC1 through BC4.
Events.
The table below gives the total number of boccia events and the disability classifications contested in individual, pairs, and team competition for each edition of the Summer Paralympics. All events were mixed unless noted otherwise.

</doc>
<doc id="19804329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804329" title="Coup (album)">
Coup (album)

Coup is the debut album by The New Regime, which is a solo project by Ilan Rubin, the previous drummer of Welsh band Lostprophets and current drummer of Angels and Airwaves. Ilan recorded all ten tracks himself on all instruments, including vocals. In addition to the songs found over the last few months on his Myspace page, he recorded two additional songs for this album.
It was released on November 18, 2008 as a digital download on digital music stores such as iTunes, Amazon and eMusic. It was also released as a free download on the official Nine Inch Nails web site.
A follow-up to "Coup" was released three years later in April 2011 and is called "Speak Through The White Noise".

</doc>
<doc id="19804347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804347" title="Redick Lodge">
Redick Lodge

The Redick Lodge, also known as the Chambers Lodge, is a private seasonal retreat on Upper Fremont Lake near Pinedale, Wyoming in the Wind River Range at an elevation of . The lodge was designed by architect Otis Miller of Miles City, Montana as a log cabin on a stone foundation for George M. Redick, a Nebraskan who had worked with the Union Pacific Railroad on potential locations for company hotels. The Redick family spent summers at the lodge from 1918 through 1931, when family fortunes declined. The property was purchased by Dr. Oliver Chambers of Rock Springs, Wyoming in 1938 and has remained in the Chambers family.
History.
George Redick had been taken with the site on Fremont Lake after assessing it in 1916 for its suitability for development by the Union Pacific with a destination hotel. While the hotel idea was rejected as prohibitively expensive, Redick returned with his family the next summer and camped for two months. Choosing a site on the northwest shore they contracted with the U.S. Forest Service for a lease and hired architect Otis Miller of Miles City, Montana to design a lodge. Construction began the next year, supervised by Miller, who stayed at the site that summer and the next. A sawmill was set up to process the timber, which was all standing dead wood found near the site. A shop was built first to house machinery for construction. The main lodge was built between 1920 and 1924. The other outbuildings were also built during this time.
Once the lodge was completed, the Redicks spent their summers there, entertaining visitors from Omaha, their hometown. Other visitors included King Gustav V of Sweden. The Redick family's fortunes declined during the Great Depression, and they spent their last summer at the lodge in 1931. George Redick died in 1936.
In 1938 the lodge was purchased by Dr. Oliver Chambers, who held the only other lease on Fremont Lake. Chambers bought the Redick lodge to protect it and as an investment, but in 1940 Chambers' lodge burned in an accidental fire, and the Chambers family elected to move to the Redick lodge.
Description.
The lodge and its matching outbuildings are examples of rustic architecture, also known as Western Craftsman style. The lodge's furnishings were mostly built on site in the same style as the house. The house's interior is dominated by a living room in the main block, with four small sleeping rooms directly off the main room. A hall leads to a kitchen in the main unit, then to a dining room located in the rear wing. The living room features exposed log trusses supporting the roof and a two-sided rubblestone fireplace designed by Omaha architect George. B. Prinze. The overscale fireplace faces into the living room and onto the porch just outside the living room.
The site includes a number of outbuildings, including a machine shop-storage shed, pumphouse, root cellar, three guest cabins, a barn and two privies. All are built of materials built on site. As of its nomination, the lodge did not have electricity, but did have hot and cold running water, and was essentially unchanged since the 1920s.
The Redick Lodge was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="19804367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804367" title="Chambers Lodge">
Chambers Lodge

Chambers Lodge may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19804373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804373" title="Újpesti TE (men's water polo)">
Újpesti TE (men's water polo)

Újpesti Torna Egylet vízilabda szakosztály () is a Hungarian water polo club from Újpest, Budapest, that is part of Újpesti TE sport society. The club was founded in 1885, while the waterpolo department (together with the swimming department) was created in 1911. During its history, the club have won 26 national championship titles, more than any other teams.

</doc>
<doc id="19804379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804379" title="Ivan Todorović">
Ivan Todorović

Ivan Todorović (Serbian Cyrillic: Ивaн Toдopoвић; born 29 July 1983 in Belgrade, SR Serbia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian footballer who currently plays for the Portuguese first division club Nacional.

</doc>
<doc id="19804384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804384" title="Maulana Azad Library">
Maulana Azad Library

The Maulana Azad Library (Hindi: मौलाना आज़ाद किताब ख़ाना, Urdu: مولانا آزاد کِتاب خانہ "Maulānā Azād Kitāb Khāna") is the library of Aligarh Muslim University in Aligarh, India. It consists of a central library and over 100 departmental and college libraries. These libraries cater to the needs of graduate, postgraduates, students of professional courses and research scholars. It is the largest library in India and second largest in Asia. It holds collections of great historic importance. 
The seven-storey building is surrounded by of land in the form of beautiful lawns and gardens. It has about 1,400,000 books.
History.
The Central Library was set up in 1875, when the university was established as a madarsa called Madarsatul Uloom. In 1877, the madarsa became Mohammadan Anglo-Oriental College. Robert Bulwer-Lytton, the viceroy of India, laid the foundation stone, and the library was named the Lytton Library. Many eminent scholars like Gardner Brown, Arnold, Releigh, Horowitz, Storey and Auchtelpone functioned as honorary librarians in addition to their teaching responsibilities.
The library was named Maulana Azad Library in 1960, when Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru inaugurated its present building.
Holdings.
The collection consists of books, periodicals, pamphlets, manuscripts, paintings and photographs. The Maulana Azad Library performs the functions of a national library so far as its collection of Oriental manuscripts are concerned. It is because of these rich collections of immense research value that it is reckoned among major libraries of the world. The oldest manuscript owned by the library is more than fourteen hundred years old. It is a fragment of the Qur'an transcribed by Hazrat Ali, the fourth caliph of Islam and is written on parchment in Kufi script. Another rare manuscript is the Halnama of Beyazid Ansari, no copy of which is available anywhere else in the world.
The library's collection includes about 1,400,000 books, along with periodicals, pamphlets, manuscripts, paintings and photographs. It aims at supporting students from all departments of the university.
The library has a sizeable collection of early printed books in many languages. The most outstanding among them is the Latin translation of the celebrated Arabic work "Book of Optics" by Ibn al-Haytham (965-1039) published in 1572. Other important items in the collection include several farmans (decrees) issued by Mughal rulers (including Babur, Akbar, Shahjahan, Shah Alam, Shah Alamgir, and Aurangzeb); a "shirt" on which the whole Qur'an is inscribed in khafi script (it is believed to have been worn by a warrior of the Mughal army); the Ayurved written in Telugu; and works by Bhasa written in Malayalam on palm leaves.
The Oriental Division of Maulana Azad Library consists of about 200,000 printed books and periodicals including 10,000 items belonging to rare category in Urdu/Persian/Arabic/Hindi and Sanskrit forms the most significant part of the collection. Donations received from great bibliophiles and literary persons are designated as special collections by the names of their donors. The Urdu collection with more than 100,000 books on almost all aspects of Indian life and culture forms the largest part of the Oriental Division. A substantial number of rare and out-of-print publications of the 19th century belong to the Scientific Society of Sir Syed Ahmad Khan, Fort William College (Kolkata), Delhi College, Agra College and from the Royal Printing Presses of the courts of Delhi and Oudh.
Among the large collection of Mughal paintings is the painting of Red Blossom, which is the magnum opus of Mansoor Naqqash, the celebrated court artist of the Emperor Jahangir. Some valuable Sanskrit works translated into Persian have also been preserved in the library. Abul Faiz Faizi, an eminent scholar of Akbar's court translated several Sanskrit works into Persian, such as "Mahapurana", "Bhagavad Gita", "Mahabharat" and "Lilavati"; these are available.
Building and services.
The building has seven stories. It is surrounded by 4.75 acres of lawns and gardens. More than 5,000 students, teachers and other members of the university daily visit the library and use its services. It has five reading rooms with seating capacity of 1150. The reading rooms open 18 hours a day. The library provides the campus with access to online journals through a well-equipped Computer Lab. Digital resources on many subjects are made accessible through a Digital Resource Centre. All the issuable books are bar-coded for automated check in and check out. The university has established book banks for the benefit of students of certain professional courses. 

</doc>
<doc id="19804388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804388" title="Elahe Hiptoola">
Elahe Hiptoola

Elahe Hiptoola is a Bollywood film actress, producer, and costume designer.
Her credits include executive producer of "3 Deewarein", "Hyderabad Blues 2", "Iqbal", and "Dor".
Early life.
Elahe Hiptoola was born in Mumbai but Hyderabad has been her home since she was two months old. She did here schooling at Nasr, college at St. Francis and Law at Government Law College, Bombay. She has learnt Horse Riding, Kathak, Piano . She was married to Vidyut Jaisimha, son of M. L. Jaisimha but the marriage lasted only for two and a half years.
Career.
Elahe Hiptoola frequently works with producer Nagesh Kukunoor. Their partnerships include "Hyderabad Blues","Rockford", "3 Deewarein"," Bollywood Calling", "Hyderabad Blues 2", "Iqbal", "Dor", "Bombay to Bangkok"," Aashayein", "8x10 Tasveer", "Mod" and "Lakshmi".
Birth of Lamakaan.
In 2010, she founded a cultural center called Lamakaan in Hyderabad because she felt the city lacked a centre where the youth can voice their opinion. Lamakaan (a place without boundary) is an inclusive cultural space that promotes and presents arts, literature, theatre, debate and dialogue with a commitment to being open and accessible. Lamakaan is a non-profit entity and is run by a trust and on donations. All events at the centre are guided by its appointed curators, who have the freedom to explore.

</doc>
<doc id="19804393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804393" title="Dodge City High School">
Dodge City High School

Dodge City High School is a fully accredited high school located in the northwest area of Dodge City, Kansas, USA, serving students in grades 9-12. The school is operated by Dodge City Public Schools. The current principal is Jacque Feist. Dodge City High School is the only high school located within the city limits of Dodge City.
Dodge City is a member of the Kansas State High School Activities Association and offers a variety of sports programs. Athletic teams compete in the 6A division and are known as the "Red Demons". Extracurricular activities are also offered in the form of performing arts, school publications, and clubs.
History.
Dodge City High School was established in the early 1900s in order to help educate the increasing population of Dodge City. Shortly after its inception, the Red Demon was selected as the official school mascot. This was due to the nickname of D-Men for the Dodge men's teams.
Significant Changes.
During the 1990s, student enrollment continued to increase and it soon became evident that the enrollment had outgrown the facilities of the high school. As a result, voters chose to construct a new high school to accommodate the student population. In 2001, Dodge City High School experienced several significant changes. The school moved to its current location, as well as adopting the Academic Enhancement Plan. The plan seeks to continuously improve student achievement every year by focusing on 5 key components of learning, consisting of reading, mathematics, writing, diversity, and technology. Also in 2001, the Dodge City School Board voted to keep the Red Demon as the official school mascot. The mascot had previously been debated due to many believing that the Demon presented a negative image for the school.
Academics.
In the fall of 2001, the school adopted the Academic Enhancement Plan. The plan seeks to continuously improve student achievement every year by focusing on 5 key components of learning, consisting of reading, mathematics, writing, diversity, and technology.
Extracurricular activities.
The extracurricular activities offered at Dodge City High School are many and varied due to the school's large size. The Red Demons compete in the Western Athletic Conference and are classified as a 6A school, the largest classification in Kansas according to the Kansas State High School Activities Association. Throughout its history, Dodge City has won eight state championships in various sports. Many graduates have gone on to participate in collegiate athletics.
Athletics.
Football.
Throughout the school's history, football has been one of the most popular and competitive sports offered at DCHS. The Red Demons won the state championship in football in 1970 and have made the playoffs on several other occasions. On November 9, 2009, the Red Demons advanced to the second round of the state playoffs for the first time in 15 years, beating Topeka High School by a score of 35-14. During the game, senior tailback Jace Banner rushed for a school-record 305 yards on 38 carries and scored four touchdowns. The previous school record had been 279 yards set by Shiloh Konrade in a 1996 playoff game against Liberal High School. On March 31, 2010, Dave Foster was selected among 60 applicants as the new head football coach, replacing former DCHS head coach Justin Burke. He had previously been the head football coach at Elk City High School.
Baseball.
One of the most successful athletic programs in the school's history is baseball. The Red Demons won their first and only state championship in baseball in 1999. Throughout the program's history, ten pitchers have thrown no-hitters. The first no-hitter in school history was pitched by Russell Sealey in 1932. The most recent no-hitter occurred on May 11, 2010 when Ty Thomas threw one in a 1-0 win over Wichita Heights High School.
Non-athletic Programs.
Marching Band.
The Dodge City High School Marching Band is one of the largest extracurricular programs offered at DCHS in terms of student participation. They are "The Pride of Southwest Kansas". In December 2010, the Marching Band will travel to Orlando, Florida to represent Dodge City in the Citrus Bowl Parade.

</doc>
<doc id="19804394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804394" title="Château de Rosanbo">
Château de Rosanbo

The Château de Rosanbo, in the Breton commune of Lanvellec in the French département of Côtes d'Armor (22), overlooks the Bô river valley. The origin of its name stems from this fact, as in Breton it means "rock on the Bô".
It has been classified as a "Monument historique" (Historic Monument).
History.
The château, which was in the past the stronghold of the Coskaër de Rosanbo family, then later of the Le Peletier de Rosanbo family, is square in shape and has been developed and re-fashioned throughout its history. In the 14th Century, a fortified castle was built on a strategic headland, located 4 miles from the bay of Saint-Michel-en-Grève in order to prevent the ascent of the Bô by Scandinavian invaders. In the 16th Century, it was extended with a Gothic manor.
The buildings were further extended in the 18th Century by Louis Le Peletier de Keranroux, first president of the Paris parliament and husband of Geneviève de Coskaër (the last inheritor of that name). At the time of this redevelopment, the architect Joubert added a gallery to the château and a corner room overlooking the valley. The old kitchen was transformed into a wood pannelled dining room and, on the floor above, additional new space allowed small rooms such as private bathrooms and boudoirs to be created. At the end of the 19th Century, new suites were designed by the architect Lafargue, who was also responsible for the restoration of the châteaux of Josselin and Chenonceaux.

</doc>
<doc id="19804420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804420" title="Economic union">
Economic union

An economic union is a type of trade bloc which is composed of a common market with a customs union. The participant countries have both common policies on product regulation, freedom of movement of goods, services and the factors of production (capital and labour) and a common external trade policy.The countries often share a common currency.
Purposes for establishing an economic union normally include increasing economic efficiency and establishing closer political and cultural ties between the member countries. 
Economic union is established through trade pact.
List of economic unions.
"Every Economic and monetary union has also an Economic Union"
Additionally the autonomous and dependent territories, such as some of the EU member state special territories, are sometimes treated as separate customs territory from their mainland state or have varying arrangements of formal or de facto customs union, common market and currency union (or combinations thereof) with the mainland and in regards to third countries through the trade pacts signed by the mainland state.

</doc>
<doc id="19804437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804437" title="Rick Alden">
Rick Alden

Richard P. "Rick" Alden (born July 4, 1964 in Baltimore, Maryland) is the founder and Executive Director of Skullcandy, Inc. based in Park City, Utah, and Co-Founder of Stance Socks.
Biography.
Alden started skiing in Massachusetts in 1970, moved to Colorado in 1975, and started snowboarding in 1985. While attending the University of Colorado at Boulder, Alden began managing the Wave Rave snowboard team which included snowboarding legends such as Tim Windell, Dave Dowd, Kevin Delaney, the Pappas Brothers and Jim Gardner. Alden's brother, Dave Alden, was a professional snowboarder riding on the Burton Pro team from 1983 to 1990.
Education and Career.
While studying the University of Colorado at Boulder, Alden co-founded his first company with Jim Gardner in 1986—National Snowboard Inc (NSI). An events and marketing company producing consumer, amateur, and pro-snowboarding events nationwide. As quoted by "Rocky Mountain News" reporter, David Lewis, on February 5, 1992,"Gardner and Alden did not invent snowboarding, but they distilled it, translated it, and marketed it. They were instrumental in making snowboarding an industry and not just another youth-culture fad." When NSI moved to Denver in the late 1980s Rick transferred to the University of Colorado Denver, where he received a his Bachelor of Arts in political science. Alden sold NSI to the American Ski Association in 1991. After years of snowboarding, Alden launched his second venture in 1995, designing and patenting the first ever step-in snowboard boot and binding system. This venture was co-founded with snowboard industry veteran Brett Conrad, and launched under the brand name, Device Manufacturing. A few years later, Conrad and Alden sold Device Manufacturing to Ride Snowboards. Later, Alden re-acquired the company and sold it again, this time to the Atomic Ski Company [http://patft.uspto.gov/netacgi/nph-Parser?Sect2=PTO1&Sect2=HITOFF&p=1&u=%2Fnetahtml%2FPTO%2Fsearch-bool.html&r=1&f=G&l=50&d=PALL&RefSrch=yes&Query=PN%2F5660410]
Skullcandy.
In 2003, Alden formed Skullcandy designing products that offered consumer audio solutions conducive to an active lifestyle The first Skullcandy product – the Skullcandy Portable LINK – was introduced at the 2003 Consumer Electronic Show (CES) in Las Vegas, where it won its first Design and Innovation Award. A few weeks later, the brand was launched to the action sports industry at the SnowSports Industries America (SIA) Snow Show. An initial tough sell to the action sports market, the first store to branch out and carry the brand was Milo Snow & Skate in Utah. Alden's Park City, business hit $35.7 million in sales in 2007, according to Inc. (magazine). CNN Money [http://money.cnn.com/ reports 2008 sales as "...approaching $100 million dollars."
The launch of Skullcandy brought a variety of new opportunities for Alden...In October 2008 CEO of Skullcandy, Rick Alden, debuted 2XL to the general consumer market place. A new line of audio electronics, 2XL [http://www.2xl.com/ offers "music to the people" and is available in Best Buy, Circuit City and a variety of other mainstream markets. A bold and unique line of headphones and audio accessories rooted in lifestyle and culture, 2XL offers today’s generation “individual style with universal appeal”, including a level of unprecedented self-expression and diversity. A youth-centric brand, 2XL [http://www.2xl.com/] speaks to all facets of the youth market with timely, attention grabbing aesthetics and meaningful performance.
Awards and recognition.
As CEO of Skullcandy, Alden, has been named one of vSpring Capital's "Top 100 Venture Entrepreneurs" in 2006, 2007, 2008, and 2009, and holds a patent for technology that integrates mobile phones and music players. In addition, Alden was named Enrst & Young's Entrepreneur of the Year for the state of Utah during the spring of 2008. The Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year award recognizes men and women who have excelled at growing and sustaining market-leading businesses. As CEO and Founder of Skullcandy, Alden has built a company dedicated to producing high-performance audio products, successfully saturating both the mainstream and action sports markets.
In September 2008, Alden was featured on CNBC's The Big Idea with Donny Deutsch. In 2008, he was also featured as #31 in (#1 in Consumer Electronics Category) Inc. (magazine) "Inc 5000 Award" for Skullcandy's three-year (2004–2007) growth of 24,077.4%. In addition to his national recognition, Alden's company, Skullcandy, was noted as being "the world's coolest ear bud," by both CNN Money and Fortune Magazine during December 2008. A multi-million dollar company, Entrepreneur Magazine named Skullcandy a "Top 100 Company to Watch" in their June 2009 issue [http://www.entrepreneur.com/startingabusiness/businessideas/100brilliantcompanies/article201808.html.
During early 2009, Alden was honored as being named CEO of the Year for Utah, as seen in the March 2009 issue of "Utah Business Magazine". His award recognition was due to Skullcandy's tremendous growth and development through 2008, as well as Alden's overall managerial style and core leadership with driving the companies direction.
In December 2009, Rick was named Entrepreneur magazine's Entrepreneur of the Year and appeared on the cover of the January 2010 issue. Alden was also selected as a national finalist for Ernst & Young's entrepreneur of the year. [http://money.cnn.com/news/newsfeeds/articles/prnewswire/200911150300PR_NEWS_USPR_____NY11339.htm Over the years, Alden is often called on to speak in various entrepreneurial settings, as well as panels such as an executive panel at Fortune Magazine's Brainstorm Tech conference in Aspen, CO. [https://fenwebsnsp01.maritz.com/vportal/VideoPlayer.jsp?ccsid=C-ed76c85a-6aed-4fdb-a840-86706be86679:3#]
In addition to Alden's entrepreneurship, he is the holder of numerous patents in the snowboarding, audio and electronics industry and fly fishing industries, including a design patent for the Orvis Batternkill Large Arbor Fly Fishing Reel [http://patft.uspto.gov/netacgi/nph-Parser?Sect1=PTO2&Sect2=HITOFF&u=%2Fnetahtml%2FPTO%2Fsearch-adv.htm&r=1&f=G&l=50&d=PTXT&p=1&p=1&S1=((%22large+arbor%22+AND+reel)+AND+Alden)&OS=]
Personal life.
Alden is grandson of Rose Marie Reid, recognized as being one of the most famous women during the 1940s and 50's. In 1955, Reid, an American swimsuit designer, was named Designer of the Year by "Sports Illustrated" and Woman of the Year by "TIME Magazine."
He is a known resident of Park City, Utah where he lives with his wife (Holly) and four children (Preston, Brooklyn, Autumn, Tyler), as reported in the June issue of "Utah Business Magazine". He and his wife, Holly Alden, have been married since 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="19804450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804450" title="Zel Fischer">
Zel Fischer

Zel M. Fischer is a Judge on the Supreme Court of the U.S. state of Missouri. A native of Watson, he received his undergraduate degree from William Jewell College and his law degree from the University of Missouri-Kansas City. While at William Jewell College he was a member of the Alpha Delta Chapter of Kappa Alpha Order. He was elected as a Republican to serve as Atchison County Judge in 2006 after private practice in Atchison, Nodaway and Holt counties for nearly 15 years.
Following the Missouri Plan for the appointment of appellate judges in Missouri, Fischer was one of three candidates proposed to Governor Matt Blunt by the state's Appellate Judicial Committee to replace Judge Stephen N. Limbaugh, Jr. Blunt announced his appointment of Fischer on October 15, 2008 on the grounds of the Atchison County, Missouri Courthouse in Rock Port, Missouri. He cited Fischer's judicial philosophy of strict interpretation of the state's constitution and laws as the reason for his selection. He was sworn-in as a Supreme Court judge on October 23, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19804498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804498" title="FL 7">
FL 7

FL 7 or FL-7 can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19804511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804511" title="Communauté de communes Entre Mer et Lin">
Communauté de communes Entre Mer et Lin

The Communauté de communes Entre Mer et Lin is located in the Seine-Maritime "département" of the Haute-Normandie region of northern France.
Participants.
The Communauté de communes comprises the following 17 communes:
Notes.
"This article is based on the equivalent article from the French Wikipedia, consulted on October 16, 2008."

</doc>
<doc id="19804525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804525" title="Janco Visjon">
Janco Visjon

Janco Visjon was a Norwegian television channel, the channel is considered the predecessor to TVNorge. They are most famous for a clip about English football that aired on Åpen Post on NRK. The channel was on the air from 1986 to 1987 and was owned by Orkla Group.

</doc>
<doc id="19804532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804532" title="Emin Sulimani">
Emin Sulimani

Emin Sulimani (born 4 August 1986 in Wels) is an Austrian football midfielder. He is of Albanian and he has a younger brother Benjamin Sulimani who plays for Admira Wacker in Austria.
He signed with LASK Linz on 19 August 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19804552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804552" title="Wheelchair rugby at the Summer Paralympics">
Wheelchair rugby at the Summer Paralympics

Wheelchair rugby was first contested at the Summer Paralympics as a demonstration sport in 1996. It became an official medal-awarding sport in 2000 and has been competed at every Summer Paralympics since then. Only one event, mixed team, is held.
Medalists.
At the 1996 Summer Paralympics the wheelchair rugby competition was a demonstration sport, medals were awarded but did not count in medal count. Medal winning teams for every Summer Games are as follows:
Tournaments.
Participating nations.
The final placement for each team in each tournament is shown in the following tables. 

</doc>
<doc id="19804558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804558" title="Nyhetskanalen">
Nyhetskanalen

Nyhetskanalen was a Norwegian news channel started by A-Pressen. The channel was first broadcast on 18 August 1997 and ceased operations on 30 January 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="19804561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804561" title="Uncial 0107">
Uncial 0107

Uncial 0107 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 41 (Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 7th-century. Formerly it was labelled by Θb. 
Description.
The codex contains a small part of the Matthew 22:16-23:14; Mark 4:24-35; 5:14-23, on six parchment leaves (27 cm by 21 cm). It is written in two columns per page, 23 lines per page, in uncial letters. It is hard to decipher. Itacistic errors are frequent. The text is divided according to the Ammonian Sections, with a references to the Eusebian Canons (in red).
The Greek text of this codex is mixed. Aland placed it in Category III.
History.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 7th-century.
The manuscript was brought by Tischendorf from the East in 1859, and edited its text in "Notitia" (1860).
The codex is located now at the Russian National Library (Gr. 11) in Saint Petersburg.

</doc>
<doc id="19804562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804562" title="Emilia-Romagna regional election, 2005">
Emilia-Romagna regional election, 2005

The Emilia-Romagna regional election of 2005 took place on 3–4 April 2005.
Vasco Errani (Democrats of the Left, then Democratic Party) was re-elected defeating Carlo Monaco (Forza Italia) by a landslide.
Results.
<onlyinclude>
Source: Ministry of the Interior</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19804565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804565" title="Hamar Arbeiderblad">
Hamar Arbeiderblad

Hamar Arbeiderblad is a local newspaper published in Hamar, Norway. It is part of the media company Hamar Media. The newspaper was first published on 30 March 1925, in 1,200 copies. It was the local branches of the Labour Party that took the initiative to start up the publication. It is no longer a political organ today. In 1943, during World War II, Hamar Arbeiderblad was renamed "Hedmark". Later the same year it was merged with the newspaper "Hamar Stiftstidende", and for the duration of the war published under the name of "Hedmarkingen".
As of 2007 it was the largest newspaper in Hedmark, with a circulation of 27,363 and a readership of 71,600. The newspaper employs 180 people full-time, and the editor in chief is Rolv Amdal.
Circulation.
This table shows Hamar Arbeiderblad's circulation in the period 2005–2007, according to the newspaper's own web page:

</doc>
<doc id="19804588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804588" title="Waccamaw silverside">
Waccamaw silverside

The Waccamaw silverside (Menidia extensa) is a rare species of fish in the family Atherinopsidae. It is a federally listed threatened species of the United States.
Description.
This is a small (growing to about 2.5 inches), slim, almost transparent fish with a silvery stripe along each side. Its body is laterally compressed, the eyes are large, and the jaw is sharply angled upward. This fish spawns from April through June, but spawning reaches its peak when water temperatures are between 68 and 72 Fahrenheit. Fully developed larvae form small isolated schools by early May. No parental care of the young has been noted. The silversides reach sexual maturity by the following spring, spawn, and then shortly thereafter most of the adults die off. A few may survive a second winter.
Range and population level.
Known only from Lake Waccamaw and the upper Waccamaw River in Columbus County, North Carolina, the silverside is found in the upper Waccamaw River only during periods of high water and is not a permanent resident. Lake Waccamaw (not to be confused with the town of Lake Waccamaw) is the property of the State of North Carolina and is administered by the North Carolina Department of Natural Resources and Community Development's Division of Parks and Recreation. The species' population is estimated to be in the millions.
Habitat.
Lake Waccamaw is a natural lake with an approximate surface area of and an average depth of . Although it is fed by acidic swamp streams, the lake has a virtually neutral composition. This neutral condition, unusual among North Carolina's coastal plain lakes, is believed to be caused by the buffering effect of the calcareous Waccamaw Limestone formation, which underlies the lake and is exposed on the north shore. The Waccamaw silverside inhabits open water throughout the lake, where schools are commonly found near the surface over shallow, dark-bottomed areas.

</doc>
<doc id="19804598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804598" title="Church of St. Hubert the Hunter and Library">
Church of St. Hubert the Hunter and Library

The Church of St. Hubert the Hunter and its associated library, also known as the Bondurant Protestant Episcopal Church were built in Bondurant, Wyoming, the church in 1940-412 and the library in 1943. The church was financed by the sale of a diamond bequeathed to the Episcopal Church by Mrs. John Markoe, which was to be sold to finance a memorial church. According to some versions, the church was to be built in the most remote part of the United States. Wyoming Bishop Winfred H. Zeigler suggested Bondurant, where he had been forced to take shelter from a blizzard while traveling in 1937. The diamond was sold for $1400, and Zeigler returned to Bondurant to organize the construction of the church by local volunteers.
The rustic log church and library function as a community center for Bondurant. The church is operated by St. John's Episcopal Church in Jackson. 

</doc>
<doc id="19804604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804604" title="Elections in Emilia-Romagna">
Elections in Emilia-Romagna

This page gathers the results of elections in Emilia-Romagna.
Regional elections.
Last regional election.
In the last regional election, which took place on 28–29 March 2010, Vasco Errani (Democratic Party) was re-elected for a third full consecutive term by defeating Anna Maria Bernini (The People of Freedom).

</doc>
<doc id="19804621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804621" title="Winter baronets">
Winter baronets

The Winter Baronetcy, of Huddington Court in the County of Worcestershire, is a title in the Baronetage of England. It was created on 26 April 1650 for George Winter, a landowner and judiciary of Worcester. The baronetcy was made extinct on Sir George's death in 1658.

</doc>
<doc id="19804649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804649" title="Our Lady's Secondary School">
Our Lady's Secondary School

Our Lady's Secondary School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19804667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804667" title="Goose Pond Reservation">
Goose Pond Reservation

Goose Pond Reservation is a nature preserve in Lee, Massachusetts and is managed by the Trustees of Reservations as a wilderness area. There are no trails around the shoreline as it is much too rocky, but the area can be accessed by boat from the nearby boat ramp. The reservation is adjacent to National Park Service land and is crossed by the Appalachian Trail.

</doc>
<doc id="19804672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804672" title="Uncial 0108">
Uncial 0108

Uncial 0108 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 60 (Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 7th-century. Formerly it was labelled by Θd. 
Description.
The codex contains a small part of the Gospel of Luke 11:37-41.42-45, on one parchment leaves (30 cm by 24 cm). It is written in two columns per page, 23-24 lines per page, in uncial letters. Accents were added by a later hand.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Aland placed it in Category II.
History.
C. R. Gregory dated the manuscript to the 7th or 8th-century. Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 7th century.
Constantin von Tischendorf brought the manuscript from the East in 1859, and edited its text in his "Notitia".
It was described by Eduard de Muralt and Kurt Treu.
The codex currently is located at the Russian National Library (Gr. 22) in Saint Petersburg.

</doc>
<doc id="19804682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804682" title="Craig Schley">
Craig Schley

Craig Schley (born September 23, 1963) was a Democratic Party and Republican Party candidate for the United States House of Representatives for newly drawn 13th Congressional District of New York. Schley lost in the November general election.
Biography.
Born and raised in Philadelphia, and after a short period in Atlanta, Schley permanently settled in New York City and would later go on to further his education at New York University. In 2001 he founded “Vote People” an organization challenging New York City’s rezoning plans.
Media appearances.
Schley has appeared on New York based radio station WBAI 99.5 FM on political current events. He also makes appearances on other media outlets such as Fox News, Pure Imagination on Progressive Radio Network, Indashio Runway, WHCR 90.3 FM Harlem based community radio station and is a frequent guest and commentator on Black Empowerment radio show on BlogTalkRadio. In addition Schley is a contributor to the Black Star News electronic and print media.
Harlem re-zoning activism.
In 2008 the City Planning Commission Chair Amanda Burden announced the rezoning of 125th Street (Manhattan) and declaring “this comprehensive initiative will fulfill the promise of Harlem's ‘Main Street’ as a vibrant corridor and a premier arts, entertainment, and commercial destination in York city.” The zoning changes proposed allowances for taller buildings thereby increasing the density for homes and encouraging the support of artistic and cultural spaces by limiting the street presence of banks and other “non-active” businesses to encourage more pedestrians. The plan would affect the 24 square blocks between 124th and 126th Streets, from Broadway to Second Avenue.
As Executive Director of VFPC Schley fought against the re-zoning proposal, arguing that the city “had not sought the input of the actual community” when it put together the proposal and that the current proposal does not adequately protect or serve the interest of the local community or the historic character of the commercial district. Schley and the VOTE People research team found a century-old clause in the City Charter that could slow the rezoning process. The clause says that if the owners of at least 20% of the land either adjacent to or across from the area being rezoned disapprove of the development, 75% - not a simple majority of the Council must approve the rezoning for the process to continue. This stalled the rezoning plan and construction of any kind had to cease and attracted attention of the City Planning Commission, media and the broader community. VOTE People legally challenged the appeals court twice. Despite efforts, they were unsuccessful in securing the necessary monetary and legal resources which was essential to effectively wage to overturn the Harlem re-zoning scheme which eventually was given the go-ahead.
During the Occupy Wall Street movement which spread to Harlem, Schley suggested that problems in northern Manhattan differ compared with those of Wall Street; rather than finance, they are community-based concerns. "If we are going to step out and occupy Harlem, we need to make sure we're going to occupy the needs of this community. And let's make it clear: You can't do it unabashed. When African Americans step out there, things tend to get hostile."
Politics and public service.
Schley ran as an independent in 2010. In 2012, after an unsuccessful run in the Democratic Party primary race, he switched sides and ran as the Republican Party candidate in newly drawn 13th Congressional District of New York in November. He lost to incumbent Charles Rangel by 85%.
Awards.
In 2007 Schley was named given the Emerging Leadership Award by the Harlem Children’s Zone for his community service.
In 2011 Schley was awarded for outstanding generosity and dedication by the VAG where he worked as assisted with the organizational structure, acted as a liaison and raised funds for the Youth Summit Program (an initiative to address violence among the youth).

</doc>
<doc id="19804694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804694" title="Commonwealth Party (Gibraltar)">
Commonwealth Party (Gibraltar)

The Commonwealth Party was a political party in Gibraltar. It was the first party to contest an election after the Association for the Advancement of Civil Rights (AACR). It was led by Juan Jose Triay.
It was founded in 1956 to contest the elections to the Legislative Council of that year, where it obtained a seat (4 to the AACR, and 2 independents), for Juan Jose Triay. In the elections to the City Council, three months later (on 5 December 1956) the Commonwealth Party got two out of ten seats, for Guy Stagnetto and Louis Bruzon (besides 5 for the AACR, and 3 independents).
However, in 1957 Juan Jose Triay resigned from the Legislative Council in protest at the silence adopted by the other members of the Council on the Spanish visa restrictions issue. In the by-election, the Commonwealth Party candidate, Alfred Vasquez was not elected and the party disbanded.

</doc>
<doc id="19804702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804702" title="Football 5-a-side at the Summer Paralympics">
Football 5-a-side at the Summer Paralympics

Football 5-a-side has been contested at the Summer Paralympics since 2004. The competition has consisted of a single event, men's team; women have never competed.

</doc>
<doc id="19804718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804718" title="Broad (Surrey cricketer)">
Broad (Surrey cricketer)

Broad (first name and dates unknown) was an English cricketer who played for Addington and Surrey during the 1740s.
Career.
Broad is mentioned in reports from 1745 to 1750. The first was his appearance for Long Robin's XI v R Newland's XI at the Artillery Ground on Wednesday, 26 June 1745, his team winning by over 70 runs.
He is known to have played in two matches in 1747. On Thursday, 9 July, he was a member of W Hodsoll's XI versus Long Robin's XI and on Monday, 31 August, he was in the All-England team that played Kent. The last known mention of Broad is in the Kent v Surrey match at Dartford Brent on Friday, 6 July 1750.
As Broad had established his reputation by 1745, he must have been active for some years previously. His career possibly began in the 1730s and continued into the 1750s. Very few players were mentioned by name in contemporary reports.

</doc>
<doc id="19804739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804739" title="Saint Thomas - West Hospital">
Saint Thomas - West Hospital

Saint Thomas Hospital is a 541-acute-care-bed health care facility located in Nashville, Tennessee, United States. The hospital sees 21,388 total admissions and 32,000 emergency room visits annually.
Saint Thomas Hospital is one of the Saint Thomas Health Services family of hospitals, which also includes Baptist Hospital in Nashville, Middle Tennessee Medical Center in Murfreesboro and Hickman Community Hospital in Centerville.
Dr. William Coltharp was elected to the position of medical staff president for the year 2009.
Saint Thomas Hospital has earned several distinctions from HealthGrades, a third-party organization that evaluates hospitals and physicians. In June 2009, Saint Thomas Hospital was recognized with a 2009/2010 HealthGrades Outstanding Patient Experience Award. In October 2009, HealthGrades gave Saint Thomas Hospital five-star ratings for joint replacement surgery, spine surgery, total knee replacement, treatment of stroke, overall pulmonary care, treatment of pneumonia, vascular surgery, repair of the abdominal aorta, carotid surgery, gastrointestinal surgery, pancreatitis and cholecystectomy.
History.
Saint Thomas Hospital was opened in Nashville by the Daughters of Charity. The hospital officially began receiving patients on April 11, 1898.
The hospital expanded as the city's health care needs grew. Today, Saint Thomas Hospital is part of Saint Thomas Health Services. The 541-bed facility employs more than 3,500 and has 750 physicians on staff.
In the fall of 2012, the Hospital's outpatient neurosurgery unit, along with two other pain treatment centers in Tennessee (Specialty Surgery Center, Crossville; PCA Pain Care Center, Oak Ridge) and cases from other states (VA, FL, MD) was affected by a non-contagious, fungal (Aspergillosis) strain of meningitis (fungal meningitis). There have been four deaths and 26 total infections, including some in Tennessee, and the center is closed for now. Disparities among some of the biopsy findings must be confirmed by the CDC in Atlanta. 
Hospital services.
Saint Thomas Hospital provides a variety of inpatient and outpatient services. 
Center for Pelvic Health.
The Center for Pelvic Health is made up of a multidisciplinary team to diagnose and treat pelvic health disorders, focusing on chronic pain and incontinence. The center touts the use of unique treatments, such as non-surgical interventions (cystoscopy, urodynamics, colposcopy and tibial nerve stimulation), pelvic floor physical therapy (postural and pelvic floor muscle evaluation), and surgical treatment options (diagnostic laparoscopy, awake pain mapping, urethral slings and advanced robotic techniques).
The Center for Pelvic Health is a referral center and works with patients' primary care physicians for treatment.
Neurosciences Institute.
The Neurosciences Institute at Saint Thomas Hospital is among the Nashville area's most comprehensive brain, back, nervous system and spine centers. In 2008, independent health care rating company HealthGrades gave Saint Thomas a five-star rating for back and neck surgery.
Among the ailments and diseases treated through the Neurosciences Institute are stroke, brain tumors, ALS, sleep disorders, spine injuries, multiple sclerosis, chronic pain and Parkinson's disease. 
The Saint Thomas Brain & Spine Tumor Center is a collaboration between the Neurosciences Institute and the Dan Rudy Cancer Center. Saint Thomas uses the Novalis Shaped Beam Surgery System, an advanced stereostatic radiotherapy treatment that focuses radiation to the shape of the tumor and results in minimum damage to surrounding tissue. The Neurosciences Institute at Saint Thomas Hospital is the only health care center in Tennessee to provide Novalis Shaped Beam Surgery.
In 2009, Saint Thomas Hospital was certified as a primary stroke center by the Joint Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="19804743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804743" title="Kanwar Singh">
Kanwar Singh

Lieutenant-Colonel Kanwar Shumshere Singh (21 June 1879 – 12 May 1975) was an Indian cricketer.
Born in Bahraich, Singh attended Rugby School, where he made appearances for the school cricket eleven during 1896. Proceeding to Pembroke College, Cambridge, he had a trial in 1901 with Cambridge University's cricket team, and played a solitary match for them against Surrey. He also played in four first-class matches for Kent.
A batsman with a "strong defence" and a fine fielder, he later joined the Indian Medical Service. At his death in New Delhi, he was the oldest surviving Kent cricketer.

</doc>
<doc id="19804746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804746" title="Harriet Mayor Fulbright">
Harriet Mayor Fulbright

Harriet Anna Mayor Fulbright (born December 13, 1933) is the widow of United States Senator J. William Fulbright and the former Executive Director of the President's Committee on the Arts and Humanities under President Bill Clinton. She currently serves as President of the J. William and Harriet Fulbright Center and Harriet Fulbright College. In addition, she serves as a Board President of Harriet Fulbright College. 
Early life and education.
Harriet Fulbright was born in New York City, New York on December 13, 1933. Her father, Brantz Mayor, worked for "Time Magazine". She has five siblings, one of whom is bestselling mystery author Archer Mayor. The family moved often during Fulbright's youth and as a consequence, she spent much of her childhood in Washington, D.C., New York City and Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Her first overseas experience was at the age of 14, when she traveled to Colombia for a summer study program. She continued her education at Radcliffe College, the women's college counterpart to Harvard University, where she earned her Bachelor of Arts in 1955. In 1975, Fulbright earned her MFA from the George Washington University in Washington, D.C.
Fulbright married in 1953 and gave birth to three daughters. The family spent two years each stationed in the USSR and South Korea and one year in Germany. She taught English in each country and would continue to teach for many years to come.
Life with Senator Fulbright.
In 1987, Fulbright served as the Executive Director of the Fulbright Association and moved the headquarters from Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania to Washington, D.C. Senator Fulbright was on the board of the Fulbright Association at the time and the two began spending a great deal of time together. As a result, the two were married on March 10], 1990, in a private ceremony at Senator Fulbright's home in Washington. After marrying, the two traveled extensively. Notable trips included a journey to Japan for the publication of Fulbright's autobiography, "Against the Arrogance of Power: My Personal History", Moscow and Germany after the fall of the Berlin Wall and Hawaii. Near the end of January 1995, Senator Fulbright suffered a stroke. He died shortly after, on February 9, 1995.
Recent activities.
Harriet Fulbright serves as an "unofficial ambassador" for the Fulbright Program and is often invited to speak at events that range from university commencements to milestone anniversaries for Fulbright Commissions around the world who are celebrating the presence of her late husband's educational exchange program in their respective countries. As a result of her status as an international figure of peace and education, she has received many awards and honorary degrees. She currently sits on the advisory board of the Alliance for Peacebuilding. In 2006, she created the J. William & Harriet Fulbright Center, a nonprofit dedicated to promoting peace through international education and furthering her late husband's legacy. She currently serves as president of the organization. Recently, Fulbright celebrated her 75th birthday in Washington.
Awards and honors.
Fulbright has received numerous honor and accolades throughout her career. Below is a partial list:

</doc>
<doc id="19804755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804755" title="Credit Union 1 (Illinois)">
Credit Union 1 (Illinois)

Credit Union 1 is a credit union based in Rantoul, Illinois. Its service area spans the Chicago metropolitan area, the northern and central regions of Illinois, the Indianapolis metropolitan area, and the Las Vegas metropolitan area. CU1 serves 87,000 members throughout Illinois and Indiana, and roughly 15,000 members in Nevada.
Credit Union 1 is not federally insured, but insures its share deposits to $250,000 per account through American Share Insurance.
History.
Credit Union 1 was established as Chanute Military Credit Union in 1958. The original base of membership was personnel and dependents of Chanute Air Force Base. After plans to close Chanute AFB, the credit union sought out ways to expand its membership base. Chanute MCU changed its name to Credit Union 1 in 1982. Fort Sheridan Credit Union was merged into Credit Union 1, extending the credit union's field of membership to the military reserve and National Guard units in Illinois.
The next expansion Credit Union 1 experienced was changing the field of membership from “occupational” to “associational”. This meant Credit Union 1’s field of membership was no longer restricted to its military affiliation. Since then, Credit Union 1 has continued to encompass more “select employee groups” (SEGs) through mergers and enrollment. The primary SEGs include all State of Illinois employees, all Cook County employees, students and faculty of University of Illinois at Chicago, students and faculty of Eastern Illinois University, Navistar, Tribune Companies, AON Corporation, Elmhurst Memorial Hospital employees, all Mitsubishi Motor Manufacturing of America employees, and a number of other companies and organizations.
In 1999, Credit Union 1 merged with Paysaver Credit Union of Lombard, Illinois. Paysaver Credit Union was chartered in 1949 with International Harvester as its original sponsor. Primary SEGs for Paysaver included: Navistar, Tribune Companies, AON Corporation, Elmhurst Memorial Hospital, and Cook County, Illinois employees.
In 2009, Credit Union 1 merged with the Las Vegas based Cumorah Credit Union. Cumorah, which was founded in 1965, served Nevada members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.

</doc>
<doc id="19804775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804775" title="Richard Boyle, 2nd Earl of Shannon">
Richard Boyle, 2nd Earl of Shannon

Richard Boyle, 2nd Earl of Shannon KP, PC (Ire) (30 January 1727 – 20 May 1807) was an Irish peer and Member of Parliament. He represented Dungarvan and Cork County, and succeeded his father as Earl of Shannon.
Family.
He was a son of Henry Boyle, 1st Earl of Shannon and his second wife, Lady Henrietta Boyle (1700–1746). His maternal grandparents were Charles Boyle, 2nd Earl of Burlington and Juliana Noel.
Career.
Boyle was educated at Trinity College, Dublin. In 1749, he entered the Irish House of Commons, representing Dungarvan until 1761. He was then elected for Clonakilty as well as Cork County and sat for the latter constituency until 1764, when he succeeded his father in the titles. According to the "Blackwell Companion to Modern Irish Culture" (1998) by William John McCormack and Patrick Gillan, Richard "did not possess the political talent which had enabled his father to dominate the Irish House of Commons for so long." 
He served in the Privy Council of Ireland from 1763 to 1770. In 1766, Shannon was commissioned Master-General of the Ordnance of the Kingdom of Ireland. He resigned his post in 1770. In 1774, Shannon was again appointed Privy Councilor, serving to 1789. The same year he was appointed Muster-Master-General of the royal military forces in the Kingdom of Ireland. He maintained his position to 1781. That year he became Joint Vice Treasurer of Ireland, an office held in commission with other politicians to 1789. In the later office Shannon served under William Cavendish, 5th Duke of Devonshire, the active Lord High Treasurer of Ireland.
In 1783, Shannon was among the Founders of the Knights of St Patrick. In 1786, Shannon was created Baron Carleton in the Peerage of Great Britain. The title would keep being inherited by later Earls of Shannon. According to the "Blackwell Companion" this was a reward for political services to George III of Great Britain. Shannon "remained a force in domestic politics" and supported the governments of Dublin Castle. In other words, Shannon actively supported the continued British rule in Ireland throughout the 1770s and 1780s. At the time the Irish Volunteers, the local Irish militia, played a part in both military and political matters of the island. The Constitution of 1782 also increased the legislative freedom of the Irish Parliament. British administration relied in part to their continued support.
In 1789, Shannon retired from all his political offices. The "Blackwell Companion" considers this a direct result of the Regency crisis of 1788. In the summer of 1788 the mental health of George III deteriorated, but he was nonetheless able to discharge some of his duties and to declare British Parliament prorogued from 25 September to 20 November. During the prorogation George III became deranged, posing a threat to his own life, and when Parliament reconvened in November the King could not deliver the customary Speech from the Throne during the State Opening of Parliament. Parliament found itself in an untenable position; according to long-established law it could not proceed to any business until the delivery of the King's Speech at a State Opening. The administration of William Pitt the Younger, Prime Minister of Great Britain outlined formal plans for installing a Regency. However their authority to do so was questionable. Shannon "broke with the administration" during the Crisis.
The "Blackwell Companion" notes that he was back in the political fold by the middle of the 1790s, continuing to support the governments of Dublin Castle. In 1793, he was appointed a Privy Councilor for the third and final time. He served to his death in 1807. Also in 1793, Shannon was appointed First Lord of the Treasury for the Kingdom of Ireland. The "Companion" notes his strong support of the Act of Union 1800 which created the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. The authors point that the Act would result in "the abolition of his parliamentary base".
Marriage and children.
On 15 December 1763, Richard married Catherine Ponsonby. Her parents were John Ponsonby, Speaker of the Irish House of Commons from 1756 to 1771, and his wife Lady Elizabeth Cavendish. Lady Elizabeth was a daughter of William Cavendish, 3rd Duke of Devonshire and his wife Catherine Hoskins. Her maternal grandparents were John Hoskins and Catherine Hale.
Richard and Catherine had two children:

</doc>
<doc id="19804777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804777" title="List of tallest buildings in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador">
List of tallest buildings in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador

St. John's is the largest city and metropolis in Newfoundland and Labrador with a population of 192,326. In St. John's, there are seven buildings that stand taller than . The tallest building in the city is the 11-storey, Confederation Building. The majority of the high-rises in the city are in the downtown area, however the Confederation building is located outside of the downtown. The tallest building downtown is the John Cabot Place, with 13 floors.
Due to strict height regulations in the downtown area, the city has seen very few high-rises built in comparison to other cities of similar size. In 2010 the city amended height regulation for a small area of Water Street to allow for higher density buildings. The first development in this area will be 351 Water Street; at and 11 floors it is the tallest building set for construction in the St. John's Metropolitan Area.
Tallest buildings.
This list ranks St. John's high-rises that stand at least tall, based on standard height measurement. This includes spires and architectural details but does not include antenna masts.
Projects.
Due to strict height regulations in the downtown area, St. John's has seen very few high-rises built in comparison to other cities of similar size. In 2010 the city amended height regulation for a small area of Water Street to allow for higher density buildings. The first development in this area will be 351 Water Street; at and 11 floors it is the tallest building set for construction in the St. John's Metropolitan Area.

</doc>
<doc id="19804782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804782" title="Pancho Demmings">
Pancho Demmings

Pancho Demmings (sometimes credited as Pancho Demings or John Demmings) is an American film and television actor.
Education.
Demmings attended Macalester College in Saint Paul, Minnesota.
Career.
His screen appearances include roles in the television series:

</doc>
<doc id="19804804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804804" title="Jacobs Hill">
Jacobs Hill

Jacobs Hill is a open space preserve in Royalston, Massachusetts acquired in 1975 by the land conservation non-profit organization The Trustees of Reservations. The preserve includes scenic vistas, ledges, woodlands, a northern bog, and Spirit Falls, a waterfall. The Tully Trail passes through the property. Views from the ledges include the Berkshires as well as nearby Long Pond and the Tully River Valley, Tully Mountain, and Mount Grace.
History.
Acreage was purchased by the Trustees of Reservations in 1975 out of anonymous funds; additional parcels were acquired in 1978 and 1994.
Recreation and conservation.
The preserve is open to fishing, walking, picnicing, hunting (in season), cross country skiing, and hiking. A trailhead is located off Massachusetts Route 68 from Royalston center.
Jacob's Hill is part of a larger contiguous area of protected open space, connected by the Tully Trail and including the United States Army Corps of Engineers' Tully Lake flood control project, The Trustees of Reservations' Royalston Falls and Doane's Falls properties, and Massachusetts state forest land. Tully Lake Campground, a 35-site walk-in and tent only facility jointly managed by the Army Corps of Engineers and the Trustees of Reservations, is located along the Tully Trail to the south.

</doc>
<doc id="19804812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804812" title="I Set My Friends on Fire">
I Set My Friends on Fire

I Set My Friends on Fire (often abbreviated ISMFOF; originally Calvary Kids or We Are the Cavalry) is an American experimental music group from Miami, Florida. The band was formed in 2007 by Matt Mehana and former member Nabil Moo. The group signed with Epitaph Records before releasing their debut album, "You Can't Spell Slaughter Without Laughter", in 2008. The band's second album, "Astral Rejection", was released on June 21, 2011. Their upcoming third album, "Caterpillar Sex", is set to be released in 2014.
History.
"I Set My Friends on Fire EP" (2007–2008).
Matt Mehana and Nabil Moo were previously in a well-received local act named We Are The Cavalry. After their disbanding, Mehana and Moo began making songs under the name "I Set My Friends on Fire". Some assumed that the new name was derived from the Aiden song of the same title. The group, however, explained that the name was purely original. They garnered a large audience due in part to MySpace, where their first single, a rendition of Soulja Boy Tell 'Em's "Crank That (Soulja Boy)" (originally entitled "Crank That Cavalry Boy") received more than one million plays. Nonetheless, the duo's MySpace page was removed three times because MySpace had assumed that the duo were using software to increase the number of plays. The band released a self-titled EP before releasing their first album. The EP features the songs "Crank That", "ASL", and "Beauty Is in the Eye of the Beerholder".
"You Can't Spell Slaughter Without Laughter" (2008–2009).
The duo then signed to Epitaph Records, who released their debut album "You Can't Spell Slaughter Without Laughter" on October 7, 2008. The band received negative to mixed reception from various critics. "You Can't Spell Slaughter Without Laughter" reached No. 29 on the "Billboard" Top Heatseekers chart. The song "Things That Rhyme with Orange" was the second single from the album and their third single overall. The music video was released soon after.
Works with Smosh (2008–2009).
On November 21, 2008 the comedy duo Smosh had teamed up with I Set My Friends on Fire and released their first music video and second single, called "Sex Ed Rocks" with over 20,000,000 views. Later in September 2009, they teamed up yet again and released their second music video and fourth single, called "Four Years Foreplay" with over 5,000,000 views. "Four Years Foreplay" featured I Set My Friends On Fire's new drummer Chris Lent from From First To Last. In an interview with BVTV, Matt stated that he and Anthony Padilla of Smosh had been talking about new ideas.
"Astral Rejection" (2010–2012).
I Set My Friends on Fire entered the studio in early 2010 to write and record their second album. The group performed at The Bamboozle on May 1, 2010 and then entered the studio for a second time on June 2, 2010 to finish up their upcoming album. The first single from the album, "Excite Dyke", was exclusively released via digital download on June 15, 2010, as part of a new Epitaph compilation CD entitled ""New Noise Vol. 1"".
In 2010, the band played on the "Scream It Like You Mean It 2010" tour with Silverstein, Emery, We Came As Romans, Dance Gavin Dance, Sky Eats Airplane, Ivoryline, and Close To Home. It was announced on this tour that Nabil Moo had left the band. Blake Steiner, guitarist for the band From First to Last, played for I Set My Friends on Fire for the remainder of the tour. In support of the upcoming album, the band took part in the fourth annual Artery Foundation Across the Nation Tour and played all of Warped Tour 2011. The band also played the The Artery Foundation SXSW Showdown 2011 on March 17 in Texas, alongside Asking Alexandria, Whitechapel, Chiodos, Dance Gavin Dance, Iwrestledabearonce, Of Mice and Men, and more. I Set My Friends on Fire opened for A Skylit Drive on their European "Identity On Fire" tour in September 2011 along with Woe, Is Me and Sleeping With Sirens.
The second single from "Astral Rejection", titled "It Comes Naturally" was released on iTunes on March 21, 2011, with a lyric video released on YouTube March 23. Later on May 24, 2011, the single "Life Hertz" was released on PureVolume, then SoundCloud and YouTube on May 26. Weeks later on June 13, 2011, the title track "Astral Rejection" was released as a music video on YouTube. It was directed by Jon Schnepp of Metalocalypse. The full album "Astral Rejection" was released and streamed on ISMFOF's on June 16, 2011. Astral Rejection was released in stores on June 21, 2011. On July 18, the music video for "It Comes Naturally" was released on YouTube with the directors being Nicholas Lent and co-founder and ex-member Nabil Moo.
On October 18, now former drummer Chris Lent stated on his Facebook page that he left the band because he was "generally unhappy". ISMFOF is currently headlining "The DMT, Sleep Paralysis, & All That Hyphy Shit Tour!" with supporting acts Greeley Estates, A Bullet For Pretty Boy and A Lot Like Birds, with Matt Mingus from Dance Gavin Dance playing drums, and Airick Delgado from An Oceans Betrayal playing guitar, respectively. 
On July 2, ISMFOF announced via Facebook about their upcoming tour, "The Baby Red Light District Tour" with Our Last Night, The Color Morale and FACT.
"Caterpillar Sex" (2013-2014).
On February 8, 2013, I Set My Friends On Fire posted a status on their Facebook stating that "a lot of new material has been written" and it is to be "nothing like the first or second ". On March 8, Mehana released a clip from a new demo, and announced that the next album will be called "Caterpillar Sex". On April 16, a new track, "Midwife Toad" was released on the band's Soundcloud page. On April 20, the track was released on Official.fm for purchase and on the 30th was put on YouTube. On September 2nd another track "The "D" In Capitation" was released on YouTube and Official.fm for purchase.
A third track, "My Little Cabbage Planetarium", was released on YouTube December 13.
Musical style.
I Set My Friends on Fire is recognized for their experimental musical style. The group blends elements from a variety of genres, including electronica, crunkcore, post-hardcore and more. AllMusic describes the group's style as "a tornado of musical influences and genres."
Typical characteristics of the band's music include screamed vocals, auto-tuned vocals, and electronic sounds produced by synthesizers and sequencers. Their music is known to include constant transitions between chaotic, abrasive, post-hardcore passages and softer electronic ballads. Song titles and lyrics generally discuss sexual or humorous themes, often making use of large words and comprehensive vocabulary.
References.
[http://www.epitaph.com/artists/artist/255/I_Set_My_Friends_On_Fire]
[http://www.chacha.com/question/did-chris-lent-leave-i-set-my-friends-on-fire]

</doc>
<doc id="19804837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804837" title="Tunchang">
Tunchang

Tunchang or Tuncheng () is a township-level division and town seat of Tunchang County in Hainan, China. the administrative seat of the county, government offices and the Tunchang County People's Court is located here.It lies along the G224 road, about 80 kilometres from Haikou. The town is characterized by a number of botanical gardens with water features.There are also crystal mines in Tunchang.
In 1992 the township had a reported population of 14,974 people living in 78 villages.
Communities and villages.
The township contains the following communities and villages:

</doc>
<doc id="19804839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804839" title="Hucisko, Sucha County">
Hucisko, Sucha County

Hucisko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stryszawa, within Sucha County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Stryszawa, south-west of Sucha Beskidzka, and south-west of the regional capital Kraków.
The village has a population of 350.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19804841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804841" title="Krzeszów, Lesser Poland Voivodeship">
Krzeszów, Lesser Poland Voivodeship

Krzeszów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stryszawa, within Sucha County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Stryszawa, west of Sucha Beskidzka, and south-west of the regional capital Kraków.
The village has a population of 1,618.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19804846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804846" title="Kuków, Lesser Poland Voivodeship">
Kuków, Lesser Poland Voivodeship

Kuków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stryszawa, within Sucha County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Stryszawa, west of Sucha Beskidzka, and south-west of the regional capital Kraków.
The village has a population of 1,319.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19804848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804848" title="Kurów, Sucha County">
Kurów, Sucha County

Kurów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stryszawa, within Sucha County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately west of Stryszawa, west of Sucha Beskidzka, and south-west of the regional capital Kraków.
The village has a population of 700.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19804849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804849" title="Lachowice">
Lachowice

Lachowice is a village in Sucha County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It is a sołectwo within the administrative district called Gmina Stryszawa. It lies approximately west of Sucha Beskidzka and south-west of the regional capital Kraków.
The village has a population of 2,200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19804851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804851" title="Pewelka">
Pewelka

Pewelka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stryszawa, within Sucha County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately west of Stryszawa, west of Sucha Beskidzka, and south-west of the regional capital Kraków.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19804852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804852" title="Stryszawa">
Stryszawa

Stryszawa is a village, the seat of the administrative district of Gmina Stryszawa, within Sucha County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately east of Lachowice, south-west of Sucha Beskidzka, and south-west of the regional capital Kraków.
The village has a population of 5,100.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19804854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804854" title="Targoszów">
Targoszów

Targoszów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stryszawa, within Sucha County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Stryszawa, west of Sucha Beskidzka, and south-west of the regional capital Kraków.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19804900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804900" title="Varda Kotler">
Varda Kotler

Varda Kotler (born in Tel Aviv, Israel) is an Israeli soprano, who in recent years has been performing and recording mainly in France.
Career.
Kotler is a graduate of the Rubin Academy of Music (now known as Buchmann-Mehta School of Music), Tel Aviv University. She began her professional career at the New Israeli Opera, and continued in the opera houses of Zürich, Monte Carlo, Lausanne, Messina and the Wiener Operntheatre in Vienna, performing operas and concerts with the conductors Pinchas Steinberg, Siegfried Köhler, Lawrence Foster, Kees Bakels, Arthur Fægen, Steven Sloane, Mendy Rodan, and Hugo Weisgall with the New York Chamber Symphony Orchestra. Among the opera roles she has performed are Cherubino in "The Marriage of Figaro", Rosina in "The Barber of Seville", Siebel in Gounod's "Faust", Stéphano in Gounod's "Roméo et Juliette", and Flora in "La traviata".
In recent years Kotler has turned to the genres of oratorio, lieder and chamber music of various ensambles, including piano, harpsichord, flute, cello, violin and guitar. Among the works she has performed are:
Kotler has also performed, among other places, at The Théâtre de Beaulieu in Lausanne, the opera house of Opéra de Monte-Carlo, the Conservatoire de musique de Genève in Geneva, and at The Y Hall in New York City with the New York Chamber Symphony orchestra.
Honoring Paul Ben-Haim.
In dedication and honor to Paul Ben-Haim and his compositions, Varda Kotler and Alex Ansky appeared in 2005 in the concert "Songs of the Lost Treasure" as part of the Holon Theater's festival of "Women Creators in Art". In this show, Kotler performed works by Paul Ben-Haim, together with Mozart arias and melodies by Vivaldi, Berlioz and Schubert – poetic texts with poetic music. Kotler sang in the original languages, and Ansky read Hebrew translations.
Unique Recordings.
Kotler is active in quest for unique works of music, and she performs such music in recitals and chamber music concerts. Some of these works have also been recorded and published:
Awards.
Two of Kotler's albums won the annual French Victoires de la Musique Classique prize:
Discography.
With Veronique Barraud – Piano:
With Jeff Cohen – piano:
Video.
Two of Kotler's video clips were aired on the "Sequences Classic" strip of the French television channel Mezzo TV:

</doc>
<doc id="19804906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804906" title="Exista">
Exista

Exista hf. is an Icelandic financial services group formerly listed on the Iceland Stock Exchange. Its activities are based primarily on insurance underwriting and other financial services, although it is also active in investments. The group’s primary market is the Nordic countries.
Ownership.
The Luxembourg-registered "Exista S.A." has changed its name several times. It was originally "Compagnie Financiere Scandinave".
A report published in the Danish media in 2005 identified two owners:
The paper trail shows that:
History.
According a report, Luxembourg-registered "Compagnie Financiere Scandinave" was renamed the "Scandinavian Holding" a month after incorporation. Later it was renamed "Meidur S.A.".
Meidur changed its name to Exista. 
Exista was founded in 2001 by a consortium of Icelandic savings banks as a vehicle to hold shares in Kaupthing Bank. A controlling shareholding in Exista was sold to a holding company of Bakkavör founders Ágúst and Lýdur Gudmundsson in 2002. In September 2006 the firm was floated on the Iceland Stock Exchange in a €2.6 billion initial public offering, the biggest in the country's history. The Gudmundsson brothers continue however to hold a near-45% stake in the business. The company was delisted from the exchange in December 2008 following a share buyback.
By 9 October 2008, Kaupthing Bank HF was forced into government receivership. On 29 July 2009 Wikileaks exposed a confidential 210 page document listing Kaupthing's exposure to loans ranging from €45 million–1.25 billion. The leaked presentation revealed the bank had loaned billions of euros to its major shareholders, including a total of €1.43 billion to Exista and subsidiaries which own 23% of the bank.
Operations.
Insurance and financial services.
Exista owns the Icelandic non-life insurance company Vátryggingarfélag Íslands (VÍS), which holds around one-third of the domestic market. Exista acquired control of VÍS from Kaupthing Bank in 2006. The firm also owns VÍS's sister company, the life cover provider Lífís. Exista's third consolidated subsidiary is Lýsing, which is a provider of asset financing.
Investments.
Prior to the 2008–2011 Icelandic financial crisis, Exista held a number of significant stakes in publicly traded companies. It opted to divest many of these, including 20% of Sampo Group, 8.7% of Storebrand and 39.6% of Bakkavör, in October 2008 in order to boost its capital position. It was also the largest single shareholder (with almost 25%) of Kaupthing Bank before its de facto nationalisation by the Icelandic government.
Currently Exista holds a 29% share of JJB Sports in conjunction with its chief executive Chris Ronnie, and is the sole owner of Skipti, the parent company of Icelandic telecommunications provider Síminn.

</doc>
<doc id="19804930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804930" title="Tuscan regional election, 2005">
Tuscan regional election, 2005

The Tuscan regional election of 2005 took place on 3–4 April 2005.
Incumbent Claudio Martini (Democrats of the Left) defeated Alessandro Antichi (Forza Italia) by a landslide.
Electoral law.
Tuscany uses for the first time its own legislation of 2004 to elect its Council. The councillors are elected in provincial constituencies by proportional representation using the largest remainder method with a Droop quota and close lists.
In this system parties are grouped in alliances, and the alliance which receives a plurality of votes elects all its candidates, its leader becoming the President of Tuscany.
The number of the councillors rose to 65 from 50.
Results.
2005 election led to the return to the guide of the Region, for its second consecutive term, Claudio Martini, supported by the center-left coalition.
If the mechanisms of electoral law generated a Regional Council very similar to the incumbent one, popular vote marked a significant increase in the gap between the two sides, which was almost halved. The same plurality party, Democrats of the Left in coalition with other parties in The Olive Tree, increased of more than one hundred thousand preferences. The election was also the test for a list that led, within two years, to the national foundation of a new political entity, the Democratic Party.
Like 1995 election, Communist Refoundation Party run lonely with its candidate.
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=left rowspan=2 valign=bottom|Candidates
!colspan="3" align="center" valign=top|Regional lists
!colspan="5" align="center" valign=top|Provincial lists
!colspan="2" align="center" valign=top|Total
!rowspan="4" align="left" valign="top"|Claudio Martini
!rowspan="4" align="left" valign="top"|Alessandro Antichi
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Luca Ciabatti
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Renzo Macelloni
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Mario Gozzoli
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Total candidates
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|2,066,332
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|100.0
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|3
!rowspan="1" align="left" valign="top"|Total parties
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|1,806,214
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|100.0
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|=
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|62
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|65
!rowspan="1" align="right" valign="top"|65
Sources: Ministry of the Interior and Tuscany Region</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19804939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804939" title="List of Knight's Cross recipients 1st SS Division Leibstandarte SS Adolf Hitler">
List of Knight's Cross recipients 1st SS Division Leibstandarte SS Adolf Hitler

The 1st SS Division Leibstandarte SS Adolf Hitler (SS-LAH) founded in September 1933 was Adolf Hitler's personal Bodyguard Regiment. In 1939 the SS-LAH became a separate unit of the Waffen-SS aside the SS-TV and the SS-VT. 
The SS-LAH independently participated in combat during the Invasion of Poland (1939). Elements of the SS-LAH later joined the SS-VT prior to Operation Barbarossa in 1941 and by the end of World War II they had been increased in size from a Regiment to a Panzer Division, a number of the Division's members were awarded the Knight's Cross during World War II. The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and its higher grades were based on four separate enactments. The first enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 1573" of September 1, 1939 instituted the Iron Cross and the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. As the war progressed some of the recipients distinguished themselves further and a higher grade, the Oak Leaves to Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was instituted. The Oak Leaves, as they were commonly referred to, were based on the enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 849" of June 3, 1940. In 1941 two higher grades of the Knight's Cross were instituted. The enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 613" of September 28, 1941 introduced the Knight’s Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords and the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves, Swords and Diamonds. At the end of 1944 the last and final grade, the Knight's Cross with Golden Oak Leaves, Swords, and Diamonds, based on the enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt 1945 I S. 11" of December 29, 1944 concluded the variants of the Knight's Cross.
Prerequisites.
To qualify for the Knight's Cross, a soldier had to already hold the 1939 Iron Cross First Class, though the Iron Cross I Class was awarded concurrently with the Knight's Cross in rare cases.
Unit commanders could also be awarded the medal for exemplary conduct by the unit as a whole.
Grades.
The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was divided into five grades, excluding the Grand Cross of the Iron Cross:

</doc>
<doc id="19804943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804943" title="Christoph Dreher">
Christoph Dreher

Christoph Dreher (born 1952 in Nuremberg) is a German filmmaker, musician and scriptwriter. Since 2000, he has been a professor of audiovisual media.
After studying political science and philosophy at the Free University of Berlin, he studied filmmaking at DFFB (Deutsche Film- und Fernsehakademie in Berlin) between 1978 and 1983.
In 1980, Christoph Dreher founded the post-punk – post-rock band Die Haut (the first line-up consisted of, in addition to Dreher, Martin Peter, Thomas Wydler and Remo Park). The name of the band was inspired by the book of the same title by German–Italian author Curcio Malaparte. With Dreher as the only permanent member, the band had changing line-ups (one of the longest lasting having consisted of Dreher, Thomas Wydler, Rainer Lingk and Jochen Arbeit) until its breakup in 2000. Originally an instrumental group with the classical instrumentation of guitars, bass and drums, for their numerous records as well as for live gigs Die Haut frequently collaborated with likeminded international singers such as Lydia Lunch, Nick Cave, Jeffrey Lee Pierce or Debbie Harry.
As filmmaker–director, Christoph Dreher has been creating audiovisual works since 1979. While still a student, he made several music videos, either for Die Haut ("Der Karibische Western") or for Nick Cave & The Bad Seeds ("Tupelo", "The Singer" and "Mercy Seat"). With Heiner Mühlenbrock, he made the feature-length film "OK OK – Der Moderne Tanz".
In numerous documentary films and series, Dreher dealt with issues from the area of popular culture. For example, in the 18-part series "Lost in Music", in cooperation with, amongst others, Rolf S. Wolkenstein, Ellen El Malki and Rotraut Pape, Dreher covered contemporary musical genres and their associated cultures and (life-) styles. The innovative style of his films received recognition with the Adolf Grimme Award (in 1994, for "Lost in Music") and other awards.
Since 2000, Christoph Dreher has taught audiovisual media at Merz Akademie for Design in Stuttgart.
Selected works.
Publications.
www.merz-akademie.de/remediate, mfg.merz-akademie.de/remediate 
www.merz-akademie.de/projects/breaking-down-breaking-bad

</doc>
<doc id="19804954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804954" title="Howard (Kent cricketer)">
Howard (Kent cricketer)

Howard (first name and dates unknown) was an English cricketer who played for Kent during the 1740s.
Career.
Howard is mentioned in reports from 1745 to 1752. The first was his appearance for R Newland's XI v Long Robin's XI at the Artillery Ground on Wednesday, 26 June 1745, his team losing by over 70 runs.
Five years passed before he is mentioned again in the Kent v Surrey match at Dartford Brent on Friday, 6 July 1750. Howard then played for Kent in the two matches against All-England in May 1751. The final mention of him is on Tuesday, 30 June 1752, when he and John Mansfield were given men for Bromley v London at Bromley Common.
As Howard had established his reputation by 1745, he must have been active for some years previously. His career spanned the 1740s and 1750s. Very few players were mentioned by name in contemporary reports.

</doc>
<doc id="19804960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804960" title="Elections in Tuscany">
Elections in Tuscany

This page gathers the results of elections in Tuscany.
Regional elections.
Last regional election.
In the last regional election, which took place on 28–29 March 2010, Enrico Rossi the Democratic Party defeated by a landslide his centre-right opponent Monica Faenzi. The Democrats were by far the largest party, albeit losing ground from previous elections.

</doc>
<doc id="19804998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19804998" title="Sarasangi">
Sarasangi

Sarasangi (pronounced sarasāngi) is a rāgam in Carnatic music (musical scale of South Indian classical music). It is the 27th "melakarta" rāgam (parent scale) in the 72 "melakarta" rāgam system of Carnatic music. It is called Sowrasena in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music.
Structure and Lakshana.
It is the 3rd rāgam in the 5th "chakra Bana". The mnemonic name is "Bana-Go". The mnemonic phrase is "sa ri gu ma pa dha nu". Its "" structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see "swaras" in Carnatic music for details on below notation and terms):
This rāgam uses the "swaras" "chathusruthi rishabham, antara gandharam, shuddha madhyamam, shuddha dhaivatham" and "kakali nishadham".
By definition, Sarasangi, a "melakarta" rāgam, is a "sampurna" rāgam (has all seven notes in ascending and descending scale). It is the "shuddha madhyamam" equivalent of "Latangi", which is the 63rd "melakarta" scale.
"Janya" rāgams.
"Sarasangi" has a few minor "janya" rāgams (derived scales) associated with it, of which "Kamala manohari" and "Nalinakanti" are popular. See List of "janya" rāgams for all rāgams associated with "Sarasangi".
Compositions.
Here are a few common compositions sung in concerts, set to "Sarasangi".
Related rāgams.
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
"Sarasangi's" notes when shifted using "Graha bhedam", yields 2 other major Melakarta rāgams, namely, "Dharmavati" and "Chakravakam". "Graha bhedam" is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the "shadjam" to the next note in the rāgam. For further details and an illustration refer "Graha bhedam on Dharmavati".

</doc>
<doc id="19805019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19805019" title="Dodge City Public Schools">
Dodge City Public Schools

Dodge City Public Schools, also known as Unified School District 443, is a school district in Dodge City, Kansas, United States.
It operates the following schools:

</doc>
<doc id="19805021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19805021" title="Iosif Rudakovsky">
Iosif Rudakovsky

Iosif Iosifovich Rudakovsky (January 1914 – December 1947) was a Ukrainian chess master.
He took 8th at Moscow 1936, won at Rostov-on-Don 1939, shared 3rd at Kiev 1940 (the 12th Ukrainian Chess Championship, Isaac Boleslavsky won), tied for 4-7th at Kiev 1940 (USSR-ch semifinal), took 20th at Moscow 1940 (the 12th USSR Chess Championship, Andor Lilienthal and Igor Bondarevsky won), and played in interrupted USSR-ch semifinals in Rostov-on-Don in June 1941 (the German-Soviet War, 22 June 1941 – 9 May 1945). After the war, he 
tied for 7-9th at Moscow (the 14th USSR-ch, Mikhail Botvinnik won), and shared 1st with Alexander Kotov and Alexander Konstantinopolsky at Baku 1945 (USSR-ch sf).
He was a reservist in the Soviet team during the USSR vs. USA radio match in 1–4 September 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="19805024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19805024" title="Daniel Carroll (disambiguation)">
Daniel Carroll (disambiguation)

Daniel Carroll was an American politician.
Daniel Carroll may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19805069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19805069" title="Brzeska Wola">
Brzeska Wola

Brzeska Wola is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białobrzegi, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Białobrzegi and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 170.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19805071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19805071" title="Brzeźce, Masovian Voivodeship">
Brzeźce, Masovian Voivodeship

Brzeźce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białobrzegi, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Białobrzegi and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 220.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19805072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19805072" title="Budy Brankowskie">
Budy Brankowskie

Budy Brankowskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białobrzegi, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Białobrzegi and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19805078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19805078" title="Dąbrówka, Białobrzegi County">
Dąbrówka, Białobrzegi County

Dąbrówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białobrzegi, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Białobrzegi and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19805080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19805080" title="Jasionna, Masovian Voivodeship">
Jasionna, Masovian Voivodeship

Jasionna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białobrzegi, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Białobrzegi and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 130.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19805081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19805081" title="Kamień, Białobrzegi County">
Kamień, Białobrzegi County

Kamień is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białobrzegi, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Białobrzegi and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 290.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19805082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19805082" title="Emad al-Janabi">
Emad al-Janabi

Emad Khudhayir Shahuth al-Janabi () (born c. 1965) was an Iraqi blacksmith detained in Abu Ghraib prison where he alleges he was abused by American military personnel and defense contractors.
Imprisonment.
Al-Janabi claimed that in the September following the 2003 invasion of Iraq, his home was raided at 2:00 a.m. by "persons dressed in American military uniforms and civilian clothing" who beat him and his family. Al-Janabi was told he would face execution with his brother and nephew and was then interned in the Abu Ghraib prison in Baghdad. His arrest initially unexplained, Al-Janabi said an interrogating soldier eventually "told me I was a terrorist ... preparing for an attack against the U.S. forces" and he gave forced confessions. 
Al-Janabi later described that while detained he was punched, kicked, stripped, chained, hung upside down from a bedframe, kept naked and handcuffed in his cell, and repeatedly deprived of food and sleep. He also claimed to have been threatened with rape, violent death, and execution and witnessed a mock execution of his brother and nephew. He said that after being discovered by the International Committee of the Red Cross during a surprise inspection in October, he was thereafter hidden with
contractor help from future inspections as a "ghost detainee".
After over 10 months, Al-Janabi was released without charge in July 2004, at which time photographs and reports of abuses and torture in the prison had become public.
Lawsuit.
While in Istanbul, Turkey in May 2008, Al-Janabi filed suit against U.S. military contractors CACI and L-3 Communications, accusing them of "torture, war crimes and civil conspiracy". CACI had provided interrogators to Abu Ghraib and all interpreters were employees of Titan Corporation. L-3 was named as a defendant since it had acquired Titan in 2005, in an effort to boost its intelligence portfolio. 
Al-Janabi was seeking unspecified monetary damages. The complaints allege that the contractors participated in abuse, destroyed evidence, blocked reports to the Red Cross, hid prisoners, and misled government and military officials. 
Al-Janabi was represented by the Center for Constitutional Rights (CCR) which took the case to establish that "Private military contractors can’t act with impunity outside the law" and have "violated the Geneva Conventions, the Army Field Manual, and the laws of the United States". The conservative Capital Research Center called CCR "the terrorists' legal team" because it had been pushing "to give due process rights to America's terrorist enemies."
Steven Stefanowicz of CACI was specifically named in the case as directing prisoner torture. A statement from a CACI spokesperson denied Al-Janabi's claims, asserting that no CACI employee had been charged with misconduct as an interrogator in Iraq. The case was filed in Los Angeles, USA where Stefanowicz lived, in the federal district court, as "Emad Khudhayir Shahuth Al-Janabi v. Steven A. Stefanowicz, et al" (CV 08-02913). After CCR filed four similar cases the next month, CACI responded that these lawsuits were "vexatious" and the CCR's was "politically driven", with "an ongoing 'big lie' propaganda campaign to keep their lawsuits in the public eye and their personal political agendas in the public light."
Similar class-action lawsuits had been filed against the companies in 2004, with the suit against Titan being dismissed. There remains some debate over which legal system, if any, had jurisdiction over American contractors acting oversees.

</doc>
<doc id="19805083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19805083" title="Kolonia Brzeźce">
Kolonia Brzeźce

Kolonia Brzeźce is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Białobrzegi, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19805084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19805084" title="Leopoldów, Białobrzegi County">
Leopoldów, Białobrzegi County

Leopoldów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białobrzegi, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="19805086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19805086" title="Mikówka">
Mikówka

Mikówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białobrzegi, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Białobrzegi and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 140.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19805088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19805088" title="Okrąglik">
Okrąglik

Okrąglik may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19805090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19805090" title="Okrąglik, Masovian Voivodeship">
Okrąglik, Masovian Voivodeship

Okrąglik is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białobrzegi, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Białobrzegi and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 120.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19805091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19805091" title="Pohulanka, Masovian Voivodeship">
Pohulanka, Masovian Voivodeship

Pohulanka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białobrzegi, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Białobrzegi and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19805093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19805093" title="Stawiszyn, Masovian Voivodeship">
Stawiszyn, Masovian Voivodeship

Stawiszyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białobrzegi, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Białobrzegi and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 290.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19805096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19805096" title="Sucha, Białobrzegi County">
Sucha, Białobrzegi County

Sucha is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białobrzegi, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Białobrzegi and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 1,000.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19805100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19805100" title="Suski Młynek">
Suski Młynek

Suski Młynek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białobrzegi, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Białobrzegi and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19805101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19805101" title="Szczyty, Masovian Voivodeship">
Szczyty, Masovian Voivodeship

Szczyty is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białobrzegi, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Białobrzegi and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 320.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19805105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19805105" title="Wojciechówka, Gmina Białobrzegi">
Wojciechówka, Gmina Białobrzegi

Wojciechówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białobrzegi, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19805120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19805120" title="Adamów, Białobrzegi County">
Adamów, Białobrzegi County

Adamów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Promna, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19805121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19805121" title="Biejków">
Biejków

Biejków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Promna, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Promna, north-east of Białobrzegi, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19805122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19805122" title="Biejkowska Wola">
Biejkowska Wola

Biejkowska Wola is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Promna, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Promna, north-east of Białobrzegi, and south of Warsaw, the capital of Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
