<doc id="19859713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19859713" title="Intermountain Jewish News">
Intermountain Jewish News

The Intermountain Jewish News (IJN) is a weekly newspaper serving the Denver-Boulder communities and the greater Rocky Mountain Jewish community (Colorado, New Mexico, Wyoming, Utah, and Montana).
The newspaper was founded in 1913 and had a series of editors before being taken over by Robert Gamzey and Max Goldberg in 1943. Since then the newspaper has been owned and operated by the Goldberg family.
In addition to weekly publication, IJN publishes special editions approximately once a month, including three magazines: "L'Chaim" magazine (fall and spring) and "Generations" magazine (summer). Once every five years the IJN publishes a souvenir anniversary magazine. The 95th anniversary magazine was published July 7, 2008. The 100th anniversary magazine was published on June 24, 2013.
As of 2013, Miriam Harris Goldberg is the editor and publisher and Rabbi Hillel Goldberg is executive editor.
IJN is a member of the American Jewish Press Association (AJPA) and the Colorado Press Association.

</doc>
<doc id="19859716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19859716" title="Asia University (Taiwan)">
Asia University (Taiwan)

Asia University (AU; ) is a private university located in Wufeng District, Taichung, Taiwan. It is recognized in Taiwan for its research and teaching in health science, computer science, creative design, management, and humanities & social sciences.
International Focus.
On July 4, 2007, Asia University welcomed the first group of American students to participate in Asia University's first annual Elite American Youth Leader program. The program was created to foster a positive international climate in Wufong. 26 American students from Harvard University, California State University San Bernardino, Boston College, the University of South Carolina, Indiana University, and the University of Hawaii Hilo joined the program to study Mandarin, Taiwan's Medium & Small Enterprises, High-Tech Industry, and Societies & Cultures. The program - declared successful - will continue annually. Subsequent groups have included students from Spain, Dubai, and Iran. Other universities participating in the program have included Nicholls State University and University of Wisconsin–Stout. Currently there are over 250 international students from over 20 countries.

</doc>
<doc id="19859720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19859720" title="Tiantangwei Railway Station">
Tiantangwei Railway Station

Tiantangwei () is a station in Dongguan City, Guangdong Province, China. It is a level 4 station according to the scale of stations by the Chinese Ministry of Railways. It is on the Guangzhou-Shenzhen and Jingjiu Railways, and opened in 1911.

</doc>
<doc id="19859767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19859767" title="Sunday Times Top Track 250">
Sunday Times Top Track 250

The Sunday Times Top Track 250 is a list published by British newspaper The Sunday Times each year ranking Britain's top 250 Mid-market private companies by their turnover over the previous year, from published accounts.
Sunday Times 2010 Top Track 250.
The Sunday Times Top Track 250 league table list was published on 17 October 2010 with the title sponsor HSBC. The Sixth Annual Sunday Times HSBC Top Track 250 awards dinner was held at the Jumeirah Carlton Tower Hotel in London on the night of 14 October and was attended by owners and directors of country's leading mid-market private companies. The sixth annual Top Track 250 league table supplement was published in The Sunday Times on 17 October 2010 with HSBC as the title sponsor. 
2013 Survey results summary.
Virgin Active, the health club operator, was ranked 1st in the Sunday Times Top Track 250 with sales of £641.5 million, a rise of 14 places compared to 2012. 
Other significant rises in The Top Track 250 league table include Wonga.com (Sales £309.3 million), with a rise of 140; Countryside Properties (Sales £272.9 million) – rise of 85; Opus Energy (Sales £369.5 million) – a rise of 73; The Range (Sales £381.9 million) – a rise of 63. 
2012 Survey results summary.
Shepherd Group, one of the UK’s leading family-owned private businesses, was named in 1st position of The Top Track 2012 with sales of £607.7 million.
New entrants to The Top Track 2012 include A.T. Kearney – management consultancy – with sales of £604.1 million; Camelot UK Lotteries – lottery operator – with sales of £574.5 million; Aurora Fashions – fashion retailer – with sales of £568.8 million; City Electrical Factors – electrical parts wholesaler – with sales of £527.2 million. 
2011 Survey results summary.
Partnership, the life assurance specialist was ranked number 1 in Top Track 250 for the first time in 2011 with sales of £587.9 million, followed by: Noble Foods – egg products manufacturer – with sales of £558.8 million; Farmfoods – frozen food retailer – with sales of £558 million; Edrington – whisky and rum distiller – with sales of £553.4 million; and Gondola – restaurant operator – at position 5, with sales of £545 million. 
Top 10 for 2010, Survey results summary.
TJ Morris 590.3 (Sales £m), Watson Petroleum 584.7 (Sales £m), Aurora Fashions 550.0 (Sales £m), Vestey Group 541.2 (Sales £m), Dunbia 540.4 (Sales £m), Noble Foods 533.5 (Sales £m), NDS Group 521.7 (Sales £m), Harrods 519.8 (Sales £m), Agricola Group 510.8 (Sales £m), Warburtons 510.5 (Sales £m) 
Southall Travel is the only travel agency included in the influential league table. The agency recorded astounding sales of £203.1 million for the year ending March 2010 and was ranked at 148th place. Other companies from the travel industry listed include Gatwick airport in 16th with sales of £475 million, the Alternative Hotel Group at 18th with sales of £465 million, Travelodge at 71st with sales of £297 million, Park Resorts at 215th with sales of £154 million and Holiday Extras at 236th with sales of £145 million.
2008 Survey results summary.
The 250 companies in the list follow on from the Top Track 100 list published in June. The companies account for 5% of GDP and 1.5% of the UK workforce. The Combined turnover is £69 billion ( up £ 11 billion on 2007)saw an average profit increase of 67% pa with the maximum increase being 114% pa. Profits across the list vary greatly with many firms in the Profit Track 100 list, totalling over £4 billion. Employees increased from 400,000 to 477,000 in these companies over last years list. The list includes some well known household names, some of whom were taken private (De listed companies). Some are wholly Family owned others are owned by Venture capital trusts, or bank investors. Some previous entrants have now floated.
Entry criteria.
The following is the entry for criteria into the 2009 awards:
Exclusions - 
Other similar published lists.
Fast Track 100 is one of six business lists produced by "Fast Track" and published in the Sunday Times:
2008 Top Track 250 League Table.
This List is Incomplete and needs work to it 
Full List under construction
References.
Top Track 250 web site

</doc>
<doc id="19859771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19859771" title="David Tolbert">
David Tolbert

David Tolbert currently serves as the third president of the International Center for Transitional Justice, a global human rights organization with headquarters in New York.
Previously, Tolbert worked with the United Nations for almost 15 years, acting as a senior legal advisor, deputy chief prosecutor and assistant secretary-general. He was the chief of the General Legal Division of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency (UNRWA) in Vienna, Austria and Gaza. Then, in 2004, he was appointed Deputy Prosecutor of the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY) by UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan. Before becoming the Deputy Prosecutor of ICTY, he had served as deputy registrar and chef de cabinet to President Gabrielle Kirk McDonald in the same institution. In July 2009, he was appointed by UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon as a registrar for the special tribunal prosecuting the assassination of former Lebanese prime minister Rafik Hariri. Tolbert worked with the Special Tribunal for Lebanon from August 2009 to March 2010. 
He has served as the Executive Director of the American Bar Association's Central European and Eurasian Law Initiative (ABA CEELI), an institution that manages rule of law development programs throughout Eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union. 
Tolbert obtained his B.A. magna cum laude from Furman University, his J.D. from the University of North Carolina and his LL. M. with distinction from the University of Nottingham. He has published widely regarding international criminal justice, the ICTY and the International Criminal Court (ICC) and has represented the ICTY in the discussions leading up to the creation of the ICC. He has also taught international law and human rights at the post-graduate level in the United Kingdom and practiced law for many years in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19859773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19859773" title="Electoral Commission of Ghana">
Electoral Commission of Ghana

The Electoral Commission of Ghana is the official body in Ghana responsible for all public elections. Made up of seven members, its independence is guaranteed by the 1992 Ghana constitution. The current commission was established by the Electoral Commission Act (Act 451) of 1993.
Members.
The Commission is made up of seven members. The current composition is as follows. Three of the members were appointed by President Kufuor in consultation with the Council of State of Ghana in February 2004 and sworn in on 5 March 2004. They are Mrs. Paulina Adobea Dadzawa, an administrator, Nana Amba Eyiiba I, Efutuhemaa and Krontihemaa of the Oguaa Traditional Area and Eunice Akweley Roberts, an Educationist and Human Resource Practitioner. They were all women. Ebenezer Aggrey Fynn, a Management Consultant was also appointed to the Commission by the President to bring it to its full complement of seven members.
International support.
The acclaim that the commission received for successfully supporting the close elections of 2008, have made it a focus of African and international election reform organizations. In November 2009, a conference was held to analyze this election, and try to establish new standards and practices for African election commissions. Held in Accra, the conference was titled "Colloquium on African Elections:Best Practices and Cross-Sectoral Collaboration." The conference was organized by a number of international election reform organizations including the National Democratic Institute, the Africa Center for Strategic Studies, the International Foundation for Electoral Systems, the Netherlands Institute for Multiparty Democracy, the Open Society Initiative for West Africa and UNDP.
Former members.
In February 2004, three members of the commission retired. They were Elizabeth Solomon, Mrs. Theresa Cole and Professor Ernest Dumor. Another member, Dr. M . K .Puni, died in June 2005. Dixon Afreh is a former member of the Commission who left when he was appointed as a Justice of the Appeal Court in October 1994.
Elections.
The Electoral Commission of Ghana is preparing to establish a biometric system of registration for the electoral register prior to the 2012 presidential and parliamentary elections to prevent double registration and to eliminate ghost names in the old register.

</doc>
<doc id="19859776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19859776" title="Shigu Railway Station">
Shigu Railway Station

Shigu is a railway station serving the village of Shigu in Tangxia, Dongguan, Guangdong, China. It is a station on the Guangshen railway and Jingjiu railway, and rated level 4 on the Chinese Ministry of Railways station scale. It was opened in 1911, and is now managed by the Guangshen Railway Company.

</doc>
<doc id="19859778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19859778" title="Kołacz (disambiguation)">
Kołacz (disambiguation)

Kołacz is a type of pastry of Polish origin.
Kołacz may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19859798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19859798" title="Frying Pan Shoals Light">
Frying Pan Shoals Light

Frying Pan Shoals Light Tower is a decommissioned lighthouse located approximately southeast of Southport, North Carolina.
The light tower is modeled after a steel oil drilling platform, known as a “Texas Tower (lighthouse)” on top of four
steel legs that was engineered to be used as a lighthouse housing several Coast Guard members. The light tower marks the shoals at the confluence of the Cape Fear River and the Atlantic Ocean. The platform consists of two floors. The subfloor is a living area of approximately that includes seven bedrooms, kitchen, office, storage area, recreation area and toilet facilities.
Current conditions.
The light tower is accessible by helicopter and by boat. A January 2010 onsite inspection by an engineering firm that was contracted by the Coast Guard determined that the helipad platform can indeed support a helicopter and that the entire structure, while in need of repair was 'structurally sound'. The lower stairs to the light tower were destroyed by a hurricane and the mid to upper section stairs has experienced significant deterioration due to the salt environment.
The tower was replaced by a buoy in 2003 and no longer serves as an aid to navigation but due to the structure attracting a wide range of aquatic life, it is an oft visited site for fishermen and divers. The Coast Guard considered demolishing the light for use as an artificial reef, but instead held an online auction where the winning bid was by a South Carolina diving and research firm Shipwrecks, Inc. in 2009 for $515,000. However, the company failed to make the down-payment and subsequently, the tower returned to government hands and was sold again in August 2010 for $85,000 to a private individual, Richard Neal of Charlotte, North Carolina. Neal, with the aid of volunteers, has refurbished the light, converting it into a "bed-and-breakfast for the adventurous", with accommodation for up to eight. The facility is now open for paying guests.

</doc>
<doc id="19859802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19859802" title="Károly Holecz">
Károly Holecz

Károly Holecz () (born 24 February 1969) is a Slovenian writer, journalist, and former mayor of the village Orfalu, near Szentgotthárd, Hungary.
His parents are Károly Holecz Sr. and Sára Skerlák. Born in Szentgotthárd, he went to school in Apátistvánfalva, and grammar school in Körmend. After that he graduated in Szombathely, at Dániel Berzsenyi College (now University of West Hungary - Savaria University Center), after studying Slovene language and technology.
He worked at the Hungarian Slovenian weekly Porabje, and between 1994 - 2006 was the mayor of Orfalu. He has been awarded recognition as a notable member of the Slovenian minority in Hungary.
In 2003, he published a collection of stories "Andovske zgodbe, Andovske prpovejsti" (Stories of Orfalu) in Slovene and Prekmurian language.

</doc>
<doc id="19859812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19859812" title="Inducible plant defenses against herbivory">
Inducible plant defenses against herbivory

Plants and herbivores have co-evolved together for 350 million years. Plants have evolved many defence mechanisms against insect herbivory. Such defences can be broadly classified into two categories: (1) permanent, constitutive defences, and (2) temporary, inducible defences. Both types are achieved through similar means but differ in that constitutive defences are present before a herbivore attacks, while induced defences are activated only when attacks occur. In addition to constitutive defences, initiation of specific defence responses to herbivory is an important strategy for plant persistence and survival.
Benefits of induced defences.
Inducible defences allow plants to be phenotypically plastic. This may confer an advantage over constitutive defences for multiple reasons. First, it may reduce the chance that attacking insects adapt to plant defences. Simply, inducible defences cause variations in the defence constituents of a plant, thereby making the plant a more unpredictable environment for insect herbivores. This variability has an important effect on the fitness and behaviour of herbivores. For example, the study of herbivory on radish ("Raphanus sativus") by the cabbage looper caterpillar ("Trichoplusia ni") demonstrated that the variation of defensive chemicals (glucosinolates) in "R. sativus", due to induction, resulted in a significant decrease in the pupation rates of "T. ni". In essence, defensive chemicals can be viewed as having a particular dosage-dependent effect on herbivores: it has little detrimental effect on herbivores when present at a low or moderate dose, but has dramatic effects at higher concentrations. Hence, a plant which produces variable levels of defensive chemicals is better defended than one that always produces the mean level of toxin.
Second, synthetising a continually high level of defensive chemicals renders a cost to the plant. This is particularly the case where the presence of herbivorous insects is not always predictable. For example, the production of nicotine in cultivated tobacco ("Nicotiana tabacum") has a function in plant defence. "N. tabacum" plants with a higher constitutive level of nicotine are less susceptible to insect herbivory. However, "N. tabacum" plants that produce a continually high level of nicotine flower significantly later than plants with lower levels of nicotine. This results suggest that there is a biosynthetic cost to constantly producing a high level of defensive chemicals. Inducible defences are advantageous as they reduce the metabolic load on the plant in conditions where such biological chemicals are not yet necessary. This is particularly the case for defensive chemicals containing nitrogen (e.g. alkaloids) as if the plant is not being attacked it is able to divert more nitrogen to producing rubisco and will therefore be able to grow faster and produce more seeds.
In addition to chemical defenses, herbivory can induced physical defenses, such as longer thorns, or indirect defenses, such as rewards for symbiotic ants.
Cost of induced defences.
Central to the concept of induced defences is the cost involved when stimulating such defences in the absence of insect herbivores. After all, in the absence of cost, selection is expected to favour the most defended genotype. Accordingly, individual plants will only do so when there is a need to. The cost of induced defences to a plant can be quantified as the resource-based trade-off between resistance and fitness (allocation cost) or as the reduced fitness resulting from the interactions with other species or the environment (ecological cost).
Allocation cost is related to the channelling of a large quantity fitness-limited resources to from resistance traits in plants. Such resources might not be quickly recycled and thus, are unavailable for fitness-relevant process such as growth and reproduction. For instance, herbivory on the broadleaf dock ("Rumex obtusifolius") by the green dock beetle ("Gastrophysa viridula") induces an increased activity in cell wall-bound peroxidase. The allocation of resources to this increased activity results in reduced leaf growth and expansion in "R. obtusifolius". In the absence of herbivory, inducing such a defence would be ultimately costly to the plant in terms of development. 
Ecological cost results from the disruption of the many symbiotic relationships that a plant has with the environment. For example, jasmonic acid can be used to simulate an herbivore attack on plants and thus, induce plant defences. The use of jasmonic acid on tomato ("Lycopersicon esculentum") resulted in plants with fewer but larger fruits, longer ripening time, delayed fruit-set, fewer seeds per plant and fewer seeds per unit of fruit weight. All these features play a critical role in attracting seed dispersers. Due to the consequences of induced defences on fruit characteristics, "L. esculentum" are less able to attract seed dispersers and this ultimately results in a reduced fitness.
Sensing herbivory attack.
Induced defences require plant sensing the nature of injury, such as wounding from herbivore attack as opposed to wounding from mechanical damage. Plants therefore use a variety of cues, including the sense of touch, and salivary enzymes of the attacking herbivore. For example, in a study to test whether plants can distinguish mechanical damage from insect herbivory attack, Korth and Dixon (1997) discovered that the accumulation of induce defence transcription products occurred more rapidly in potato ("Solanum tuberosum L.") leaves chewed on by caterpillars than in leaves damaged mechanically. Distinct signal transduction pathway are activated in response either to insect damage or mechanical damage in plants. While chemicals released in wounding responses are the same in both cases, the pathway in which they accumulate are separate. Not all herbivore attack begins with feeding, but with insects laying eggs on the plant. The adults of butterflies and moths (order Lepidoptera), for example, do not feed on plants directly, but lay eggs on plants which are suitable food for their larva. In such cases, plants have been demonstrated to induce defences upon contact from the ovipositing of insects.
A mechanism of defence induction: changes in gene transcription rates.
Systemically induced defences are at least in some cases the result of changes in the transcription rates of genes in a plant. Genes involved in this process may differ between species, but common to all plants is that systemically induced defences occur as a result of changes in gene expression. The changes in transcription can involve genes which either do not encode products involved in insect resistance, or are involved in general response to stress. In cultivated tobacco ("Nicotiana tobacum") photosynthetic genes are down-regulated, while genes directly involved in defences are up-regulated in response to insect attack. This allows more resources to be allocated to producing proteins directly involved in the resistance response. A similar response was reported in "Arabidopsis" plants where there is an up-regulation of all genes that are involved in defence. Such changes in the transcription rates are essential in inducing a change in the level of defence upon herbivory attack.
Classification of induced genes.
Not all up-regulated genes in induced defences are directly involved in the production of toxins. The genes encoding newly synthesised proteins after a herbivory attack can be categorised based on the function of their transcriptional products. There are three broad classification categories: defence genes, signalling pathway genes and rerouting genes. The transcription of defensive gene produces either proteins that are directly involved in plant defence such as proteinase inhibitors or are enzymes that are essential for the production of such proteins. Signalling pathway genes are involved in transmitting the stimulus from the wounded regions to organs where defence genes are transcribed. These genes are essential in plants due to the constraints in the vascular systems of the plants. Finally, rerouting gene are responsible in allocating resources for metabolism from primary metabolites involved in photosynthesis and survival to defence genes.

</doc>
<doc id="19859820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19859820" title="Obsessed (1992 film)">
Obsessed (1992 film)

Obsessed is a 1992 television film directed by Jonathan Sanger.
Plot.
Lorie Brindel is a young marine surveyor who is attracted to older men, including one of her clients, Ed Bledsoe, a much older and twice-divorced man. After some flirting during her assessment of his yacht, they begin to date. While he is away on a business trip, Lorie moves in without asking. Although unhappy about it, he eventually relents and allows her to stay. As times passes, Lorie completely unravels from Ed's lack of commitment, and she cannot stand it when he chooses a golf tournament over her romantic weekend. Ed, never sure about their relationship, decides he's had enough and orders her to move out that day. 
Lorie cannot accept it's over and believes it's just a lovers' spat that will ultimately result in marriage. She calls at night, begging for another chance, but is refused. Though he denies any intention to see her, Ed checks up on Lorie and punches out a man who was harassing her. 
Feeling trapped, Ed entertains and eventually sleeps with Lorie again. He resolves to break it off the next day, but she calls throughout the night, phoning everyone she knows when he doesn't answer. Andie, Ed's daughter, convinces him to be harsh, and he informs Lorie that she needs to leave him alone or he'll change his number. 
Feeling betrayed, Lorie makes two attempts to see Ed, first embarrassing him in front of his friends and a new woman, Louise, then showing up drunk and barely dressed for his birthday night where she is chased away by Andie. Rejected, Lorie tries to commit suicide. Ed feels guilty and visits the hospital to make sure she's stable, then leaves again without seeing her. In the doctor's office, Lorie describes what she thinks would have been the perfect romance but is ultimately released. 
Lorie becomes increasingly unstable, following Ed and threatening to destroy his possessions. She blows up his boat, and Ed finally reports her. However, the police are unable to help without proof.
Lorie is fired from her job due to her behavior, which she blames on Ed. At his house, she takes his handgun and waits, then despite pleas from Ed, attempts to kill Andie. Ed attacks and almost chokes Lorie to death before being pulled off by his daughter. Lorie is taken to another doctor's office but is hostile and refuses to cooperate; when she is led away, she violently pulls her arm out of the guard's grasp. 
On a new yacht, Ed sees Louise as the best thing that ever happened to him. As he is looking at the scenery, he notices another yacht with a woman on it. He makes eye contact only to discover it is Lorie.

</doc>
<doc id="19859827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19859827" title="Amberoid">
Amberoid

Amberoid (foaled 1963 in Kentucky) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning the 1966 American Classic, the Belmont Stakes.
Amberoid was conditioned for racing by future Hall of Fame trainer Lucien Laurin and ridden primarily by another future Hall of Fame inductee, Bill Boland. Going into the 1966 U.S. Triple Crown series, Amberoid won the Wood Memorial Stakes. He then finished seventh in the Kentucky Derby and third in the Preakness Stakes before winning the final leg of the Triple Crown, the Belmont Stakes.
When his racing career was over, Amberoid stood at stud in the United States from 1969 to 1973 after which he stood in Japan until being retired in 1985. His offspring met with limited racing success.
Amberoid is also a term used in the academic field of chemistry to refer to the chemical structures typically present in amber.

</doc>
<doc id="19859840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19859840" title="Harper Carter">
Harper Carter

William Harper Carter (born in October 3, 1939) is an American entrepreneur and former actor. After his retirement from cinema, Carter changed careers and is currently an Executive Vice President of a real estate company.

</doc>
<doc id="19859845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19859845" title="Cui Youfu">
Cui Youfu

Cui Youfu (崔祐甫) (721 – July 7, 780), courtesy name Yisun (貽孫), was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, serving as a chancellor briefly early during the reign of Emperor Dezong. He was credited for governing in an effective manner and guiding Emperor Dezong to correct decisions that, for some time, evoked comparisons between Emperor Dezong and his well-regarded ancestors Emperor Taizong and Emperor Xuanzong.
Background.
Cui Youfu was born in 721, during the reign of Emperor Xuanzong. His family traced its ancestry to the ruling household of the original ruling house of Jiang of the Spring and Autumn Period state Qi, and claimed ancestry through officials of Qin Dynasty, Han Dynasty, Jin Dynasty (265-420), Northern Wei, Northern Zhou, Sui Dynasty, and Tang Dynasty. or Cui Hao (崔皓), was a prefectural secretary general and carried the title of Duke of Anping. His father Cui Mian (崔沔) served as "Huangmen Shilang" (黃門侍郎), the deputy head of the examination bureau of government (門下省, "Menxia Sheng") and carried the title of Duke of Qinghe. His household was said to prize its honesty, frugality, and rituals.
At some point, Cui Youfu passed the imperial examinations, and he later served as the sheriff of Shou'an County (壽安, in modern Luoyang, Henan). When the rebel general An Lushan, in 755, captured Luoyang, then the Tang eastern capital, both officials and commoners fled Luoyang in earnest, but Cui, before doing so, risked being harmed during the battle and went back to his ancestral shrine to take the spirit tablets with him. He later successively served an imperial archiver and a low-level official at the ministry of civil service affairs (吏部, "Libu"). Later, he served as a commander at Yongping Circuit (永平, then headquartered in modern Anyang, Henan) and then Yongping Circuit's liaison officer at the Tang capital Chang'an. He was known for his integrity and bluntness.
During Emperor Daizong's reign.
Sometime before 777, Cui Youfu became a "Zhongshu Sheren" (中書舍人), a mid-level official at the legislative bureau (中書省, "Zhongshu Sheng"). Later, as there was no "Zhongshu Ling" (中書令, head of the legislative bureau) or "Zhongshu Shilang" (中書侍郎, deputy head of the legislative bureau) at the time, Cui Youfu, as the senior "Zhongshu Sheren" effectively ran the legislative bureau. After Chang Gun became chancellor in 777, however, Chang, pointing out that his responsibility as chancellor included responsibility to oversee the legislative bureau as well, took over the responsibilities from Cui and removed Cui's desk, drawing Cui's resentment. Chang tried to defuse it by putting Cui in charge of selecting officials at the ministry of civil service affairs, but they often ran into disputes as to which officials to select. In 778, there was an incident when the general Zhu Ci submitted what he thought to be a sign of fortune — a mouse living peacefully with a mother cat and her kittens. Chang considered this a sign of fortune and congratulated Emperor Daizong, but Cui, argued that this was against the cat's nature and was a sign that officials were not carrying out their responsibilities. Emperor Daizong agreed, but this agreement further drew anger from Chang.
During Emperor Dezong's reign.
Emperor Daizong died in 779 and was succeeded by his son Emperor Dezong. During Emperor Daizong's mourning period, Chang Gun and Cui Youfu got into a serious conflict over how many days the officials should wear mourning clothes. Chang advocated that because, by custom, Emperor Dezong was to wear mourning clothes for 27 days, so should the officials. Cui advocated that, because Emperor Daizong's will specified three days, the officials should wear the mourning clothes for three days. Chang got sufficiently angry over the argument that he submitted an accusation against Cui, stating that Cui had frivolously changed the proper regulation of the rites and requesting that Cui be demoted to be the prefect of Chao Prefecture (潮州, in modern Chaozhou, Guangdong). Emperor Dezong, believing the demotion to be too severe, only ordered that Cui be demoted to be the deputy mayor of Henan Municipality (河南), encompassing the eastern capital Luoyang.
However, it would be this article of accusation that would be Chang's downfall. Chang was effectively serving as the only chancellor at the time, but Guo Ziyi and Zhu Ci, due to their battlefield accomplishments, also carried chancellor titles but were not exercising chancellor authorities. Pursuant to the customs at the time, Chang, in the article of accusation, also signed Guo's and Zhu's names for them. Once the demotion of Cui was announced, however, Guo and Zhu both submitted defenses of Cui — surprising Emperor Dezong, who asked them why they had asked for Cui's demotion and then defended him; they responded that they did not know about the accusation. Emperor Dezong, who was not familiar with the customs that one chancellor should sign for other chancellors, believed Chang to have falsified Guo's and Zhu's signatures. He immediately ordered that Chang be demoted to be the prefect of Chao Prefecture and recalled Cui to serve as "Menxia Shilang" (門下侍郎), the deputy head of the examination bureau, and further gave him the designation "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi" (同中書門下平章事), making him a chancellor "de facto". However, Emperor Dezong still accepted Chang's proposal as to the mourning period.
While Chang served as chancellor, he set strict guidelines for the commissioning of officials, to reform the corruption that had become rampant during the administrations of prior chancellors Yuan Zai and Wang Jin. As a result, however, many offices were left unfilled as strict examinations were carried out of the candidates. After Cui became chancellor, he quickly filled the offices with people he recommended, and within 200 days, he commissioned over 800 officials. While he was praised for his quick reaction for this in the "Book of Tang", the author of the "Zizhi Tongjian" (the Song Dynasty historian Sima Guang) criticized him for overreaction to Chang's own overreaction to Yuan and Wang, and further criticized him for overly relying on commissions of people that he knew — which he had defended as necessary for him to know their virtues and their abilities. Cui subsequently participated in the removal of the imperial guard general Wang Jiahe (王駕鶴), who had commanded the imperial guards for more than a decade, by summoning Wang to his office for a lengthy meeting, allowing Emperor Dezong's intended replacement, Bai Zhizhen (白志貞), to take over Wang's office during the meeting.
Meanwhile, the military governor ("Jiedushi") Li Zhengji, who had ruled his Pinglu Circuit (平盧, headquartered in modern Tai'an, Shandong) as his own realm semi-independent from imperial rule, had wanted to placate Emperor Dezong by offering a large tribute in money. Emperor Dezong considered accepting it, but was concerned that if he publicly did so, Li Zhengji might renege and use this incident to humiliate him. Cui suggested that Emperor Dezong issue an edict accepting the tribute and immediately awarding the tribute to Pinglu soldiers, to show that the emperor had concern for Pinglu soldiers and to show the other circuits that he did not love money. Emperor Dezong agreed, and this handling much impressed and embarrassed Li Zhengji.
In fall 779, by Cui's recommendation, Emperor Dezong made Yang Yan a chancellor as well, and he also made another senior official, Qiao Lin, a chancellor as well. Meanwhile, he and Yang disagreed as to whether a high level official who had been in charge of economic matters, Liu Yan, should be investigated for having supported making Emperor Daizong's favorite concubine Consort Dugu empress during Emperor Daizong's reign. (As Consort Dugu was not Emperor Dezong's mother and had her own son, Li Jiong (李迥) the Prince of Han, it was believed that such a move would have potentially endangered Emperor Dezong's position.) Yang, who was an associate of Yuan's and who believed that Liu was responsible for Yuan's fall from grace and death, wanted to investigate Liu to avenge Yuan, but Cui rebuffed him.
By winter 779, Cui was seriously ill. Emperor Dezong allowed him to come to office in a litter. Whenever Cui had to be home due to illness, Emperor Dezong sent eunuchs to Cui's mansion to request his opinions on important matters. With Cui ill, however, Yang was largely in control of the government. Cui died in summer 780. He was buried with great honors and was given the posthumous name Wenzhen (文貞, meaning "civil and honest"). As he was sonless, he designated his nephew Cui Zhi as his heir. (Cui Zhi would later serve as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Dezong's great-grandson Emperor Muzong.) During the time Cui was chancellor, he encouraged Emperor Dezong to be lenient, causing Emperor Dezong to be compared to his highly regarded ancestors Emperor Taizong and Emperor Xuanzong.

</doc>
<doc id="19859851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19859851" title="Craig Dally">
Craig Dally

Craig Dally was a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 138th District. Dally was first elected in 1996 and was in office until 2010. Dally resigned on January 4 after being elected a judge for the 3rd District of the Northampton County Court of Common Pleas.
Career.
Dally is a practicing attorney and member of the Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and Northampton County Bar Associations. He is admitted to practice before all the courts of Pennsylvania, the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania and the United States Supreme Court.
Personal.
Dally graduated from Pen Argyl Area High School. He received his Bachelor of Arts Degree in Economics and Business from Lafayette College and earned his law degree from Villanova University School of Law.
Dally served on the board of directors of the Nazareth YMCA, including a stint as president from 1995 to 1996. He is a former director of the Big Brothers and Big Sisters of the Lehigh Valley and is also on the board of the Two Rivers Health and Wellness Foundation and the board of Moravian Hall Square Retirement Community. Additionally, he was a former councilman for the Borough of Pen Argyl.
Dally and his wife reside in Bushkill Township, Northampton County. They have two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="19859861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19859861" title="Akstafa Airport">
Akstafa Airport

Akstafa Airport is an airport serving the city of Akstafa in Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="19859862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19859862" title="Cosmic space">
Cosmic space

In mathematics, particularly topology, cosmic spaces have several interesting properties. There are a number of unsolved problems about them.
Formal definition.
A cosmic space is any topological space that is a continuous image of some separable metric space. Equivalently (for regular "T"1 spaces but not in general), a space is cosmic if and only if it has a countable network; namely a countable collection of subsets of the space such that any open set is the union of a subcollection of these sets.
Unsolved problems.
It is unknown as to whether "X" is cosmic if:
a) "X"2 contains no uncountable discrete space;
b) the countable product of "X" with itself is hereditarily separable and hereditarily Lindelöf.

</doc>
<doc id="19859885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19859885" title="Belokany Airport">
Belokany Airport

Belokany Airport is an airport serving Belokany (also known as Balakən or Balakän), the capital of the Balakan district ("rayon") in Azerbaijan.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 13/31 with an asphalt surface measuring .

</doc>
<doc id="19859895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19859895" title="Lankaran International Airport">
Lankaran International Airport

Lankaran International Airport () is an airport serving Lankaran, a city in Azerbaijan.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 15/33 with an asphalt surface measuring .

</doc>
<doc id="19859910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19859910" title="Yevlakh Airport">
Yevlakh Airport

Yevlax Airport is an airport serving the city of Yevlax in Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="19859918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19859918" title="Island FM">
Island FM

Island FM is an Independent Local Radio station broadcasting across the Bailiwick of Guernsey on 104.7FM and 93.7FM in Alderney. Launched in 1992, Island FM remains the sole commercial station in the island and continues to be extremely successful with high listenership figures. In February 1998 Sir Ray Tindle acquired Island FM and the station became the first part of the Tindle Radio Group, which now owns and manages various other stations including Jerseys' Channel 103.
The music aired on Island FM consists mainly of popular music, from the 80's to present day.

</doc>
<doc id="19859926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19859926" title="Hans Dauser">
Hans Dauser

Hans Dauser was a Untersturmführer (Second Lieutenant) in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, which was awarded to recognize extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II.
Early life.
Dauser was born in Munich on 31 July 1908, the son of the future Staatssekretär of the German Democratic Republic, Hans Dauser, senior. After graduating from the State High School he studied to be an architect. He joined the NSDAP in 1930 and the Allgemeine SS in 1933.
World War II.
Dauser was assigned to the "Leibstandarte SS Adolf Hitler" serving as a platoon leader in the II/Battalion, SS Panzer Regiment 1 "LSSAH".
Dauser was responsible for the destruction of 34 enemy tanks, and was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross while still an Oberscharführer (Staff Sergeant). He was later promoted to Untersturmführer (Second Lieutenant). He survived the war and died in Munich in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19859929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19859929" title="2009 FA Cup Final">
2009 FA Cup Final

The 2009 FA Cup Final was the 128th final of the world's oldest domestic football cup competition, the FA Cup. The final was played at Wembley Stadium in London on 30 May 2009 and marked the third time that the final has been staged at the stadium since it was rebuilt. The match was contested by Chelsea, who beat Arsenal 2–1 in their semi-final, and Everton who beat Manchester United 4–2 on penalties after a 0–0 draw after extra time. After Louis Saha opened the scoring after just 25 seconds, the fastest ever goal in an FA Cup Final, Didier Drogba equalised in the 21st minute before Frank Lampard scored the winner with 19 minutes left to play to give Chelsea their fifth FA Cup success.
Background.
Chelsea went into the match as four-time FA Cup winners, having previously won in 1970, 1997, 2000 and 2007, while Everton had won the competition five times previously, having won in 1906, 1933, 1966, 1984 and 1995. Coincidentally, both teams' most recent titles came in the FA Cup, both teams beating Manchester United in the final; Everton in 1995 and Chelsea in 2007.
The two teams drew 0–0 in both meetings during the 2008–09 Premier League season, at Goodison Park in December and at Stamford Bridge in April. Prior to the 2009 final, the two teams had never met in the FA Cup Final; their most recent meeting in the FA Cup came in the Fourth Round of the 2005–06 competition, when Chelsea won 4–1 in a replay at Stamford Bridge after a 1–1 draw at Goodison Park. In 157 matches between the two sides in all competitions, Chelsea had recorded 61 wins, Everton had won 49, and 47 matches finished as draws.
Pre-match.
Ticketing.
Everton and Chelsea were each allocated 25,109 tickets for the final. Having sold over 32,000 for their semi-final win over Manchester United, Everton were unhappy and disappointed with this allocation. The match was Everton's first FA Cup final in 14 years and Everton chief executive Robert Elstone predicted that the club could have sold in excess of 70,000 tickets for this game. Chelsea also said that the size of their allocation meant that it was unlikely that there would be sufficient tickets for all of their hospitality and non-hospitality season ticket holders.
Club Wembley ten-year season ticket holders were also guaranteed a ticket for the match. After those tickets were allocated, 70% of the remaining tickets were distributed amongst the clubs that had competed in the 2008–09 competition, with the other 30% given to those involved in grassroots football and the "football family".
Kits.
Since both finalists' first-choice kits are predominantly blue, a coin was tossed in order to determine which team would have the first choice of kit. Everton won the toss and chose to wear their traditional blue kit, meaning that Chelsea would wear their all-yellow third-choice kit. Chelsea were nevertheless given the "home" dressing room, i.e. that used by the England national team.
Match ball.
The official match ball of the 2009 FA Cup Final was the "Umbro Dynamis". The "Dynamis" uses a 20-panel configuration, as opposed to a more traditional 32-panel design, which allegedly makes the ball faster. The surface of the ball is made from a Teijin microfibre material. The "Dynamis" was also used in the 2008 final, but the 2009 version has a gold colourway.
Opening ceremony.
The traditional FA Cup Final song, "Abide With Me", was performed by the London Community Gospel Choir. The trophy was then brought out onto the field, followed by the two teams, before the Chief Guest of the final – former Secretary General of the United Nations Kofi Annan – was introduced to the managers and players of both teams, as well as the match officials. The introductions were immediately followed by the singing of the national anthem, "God Save the Queen", sung by Britain's Got Talent 2008 finalist, 13-year-old Faryl Smith, making her the youngest performer of the national anthem at the FA Cup final.
Match.
Summary.
First half.
Louis Saha scored with a low shot just 25 seconds into the match for the "Toffees", the fastest goal in FA Cup Final history. The previous fastest goal was by Bob Chatt of Aston Villa 30 seconds into the 1895 final. Tony Hibbert received a yellow card for tripping Florent Malouda in the eighth minute. Didier Drogba levelled the match for Chelsea in the 21st minute with a header set up by a left-wing cross from Malouda.
Second half.
Tony Hibbert was replaced by Lars Jacobsen for Everton to begin the second half, and two minutes in, Toffees captain Phil Neville was booked. Chelsea replaced Michael Essien with Michael Ballack in the 61st minute, followed two minutes later by a yellow card for Mikel John Obi. Frank Lampard scored the winning goal for Chelsea in the 72nd minute with a left foot shot. Five minutes later, a shot from Malouda appeared to crash down off the bar and over the line, but it was not given. Everton replaced Saha with James Vaughan at that point. Dan Gosling was the last substitute for Everton in the 81st minute, replacing Leon Osman. Lampard received a yellow card in the 84th minute, while in the fourth minute of added time, Leighton Baines of Everton was booked.

</doc>
<doc id="19859938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19859938" title="Baku Kala Air Base">
Baku Kala Air Base

Baku Kala Air Base is a military airbase in Baku (also known as Bakü or Baki), the capital of Azerbaijan.
Facilities.
The air base resides at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 18/36 with a concrete surface measuring .

</doc>
<doc id="19859951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19859951" title="Barry M. McCoy">
Barry M. McCoy

Barry M. McCoy (born 1940) is an American physicist, known for his contributions to classical statistical mechanics, integrable models and conformal field theories.
He earned a B.Sc. from California Institute of Technology (1963),
and a Ph.D. from Harvard University (1967), the thesis entitled
"Spin Correlations of the Two Dimensional Ising Model" advised by Tai Tsun Wu.
The two of them also wrote the book "The Two Dimensional Ising Model" (Harvard University Press, 1973).
He then joined the institute for theoretical physics at State University of New York at Stony Brook (1967).
where he has since been, now as a distinguished professor.
McCoy was visiting at Research Institute for Mathematical Sciences in Kyoto several times (first in 1980), 
the Institute Henri Poincaré and the Australian National University.
With colleagues Tai Tsun Wu and Alexander Zamolodchikov, he was awarded the Dannie Heineman Prize for Mathematical Physics 1999, for "his work on the statistical mechanics of the Ising model,
including boundary critical phenomena, randomly layered systems which have Griffiths-McCoy singularities, 
the Painleve representation of the two point function, quadratic difference equations for the n-point functions, 
and the Ising model in a magnetic field. Dr. McCoy has in addition made contributions to the study of quantum spin chains, and the Fermionic representations of conformal field theory, and has been a co-discoverer of the integrable chiral Potts model. He has also worked extensively in quantum field theory and more recently has become known for his mathematical work in nonlinear differential equations and the theory of Rogers-Ramanujan identities".

</doc>
<doc id="19859955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19859955" title="Dollyar Air Base">
Dollyar Air Base

Dollyar Air Base is a military airbase in Dollyar (also known as Dəllər or Dəlilər), a municipality of the Shamkir district ("rayon") in Azerbaijan.
From 1955? to 1992 the 882nd independent 'Tilzitskiy' Reconnaissance Aviation Regiment of the 34th Air Army, Transcaucasian Military District, was located at the base. It flew Yak-28PPs, 1970's-August 1984 (transferred to the 151st OAPREB), MiG-25RBs, 1984?-1992, and Su-24MRs, 1987-1992. It was equipped with 16 MiG-25RB and 11 Su-24MR treaty data exchange in November 1990.
It was disbanded in 1992, with a directive to that effect being issued on 29 July 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="19859962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19859962" title="Kyurdamir Air Base">
Kyurdamir Air Base

Kyurdamir Air Base is a military airbase in Kyurdamir (also known as Kurdamir or Kürdəmir (Кюрдамир)), the capital of the Kurdamir district ("rayon") in Azerbaijan.
At the end of the 1980s the 976 Bomber Aviation Regiment Инстербургский flying Sukhoi Su-24 and Sukhoi Su-17 aircraft was based at Kyurdamir. The regiment, which was descended from the 976th Fighter Aviation Regiment of the World War II period, was part of the 34th Air Army of the Soviet Air Forces.

</doc>
<doc id="19859966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19859966" title="Nasosnaya (air base)">
Nasosnaya (air base)

Nasosnaya Air Base is a military airbase in the municipality of Hacı Zeynalabdin, near the city of Sumqayit in Azerbaijan.

</doc>
<doc id="19859972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19859972" title="Canoeing at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Women's slalom K-1">
Canoeing at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Women's slalom K-1

These are the results of the women's K-1 slalom competition in canoeing at the 1996 Summer Olympics. The K-1 (kayak single) event is raced by one-person kayaks through a whitewater course. The venue for the 1996 Olympic competition was at the Toccoa/Ocoee River along the Georgia-Tennessee state line.
Results.
The 30 competitors each took two runs through the whitewater slalom course on July 27. The best time of the two runs counted for the event.

</doc>
<doc id="19859975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19859975" title="Stepanakert Airport">
Stepanakert Airport

Stepanakert Airport () is an airport in Ivanyan, near Stepanakert, the capital city of the de-facto independent Nagorno-Karabakh Republic (NKR) which is internationally recognized part of Azerbaijan. The airport has been under the control of the Nagorno Karabakh forces since 1992 and flights already ceased to take place with the escalation of the war in 1990.
As the airport lies within the internationally recognized borders of Azerbaijan which lost "de facto" control over this territory in the early 1990s, its status as an international airport is unrecognized and there are no codes for the airport in the official IATA and ICAO lists.
In 2009, facilities reconstruction and repair work began. Though originally scheduled to launch the first commercial flights on May 9, 2011, Karabakh officials postponed a new reopening date throughout the whole of 2011. In May 2012, the director of the NKR's Civil Aviation Administration, Tigran Gabrielyan, announced that the airport will begin operations in summer 2012. However the airport still remains closed due to political reasons.
Facilities.
The airport resides at an elevation of above mean sea level. It has one runway designated 05/23 with an asphalt surface measuring .
History.
By the end of 1980 the airport served a regular passenger flights Yerevan - Stepanakert. With the Karabakh conflict and the constituted authorities of the Azerbaijan Soviet blockade of the Armenian SSR and NKAO airport was the only means of communication blockaded the region with the outside world. The airport has been under the control of the NKR since the ceasefire agreement of the Nagorno-Karabakh War in 1994.
Renovation.
In 2009, work began on the construction of a new passenger terminal. Repair work is also being conducted on the main runway. According to Karabakh’s Urban Development Minister Karen Shahramanian, work on the terminal building will be completed in November 2010, however this has now been delayed until April 2011. Air navigation equipment is also being installed there. The newly renovated airport will be capable of receiving 200 passengers every hour.
On April 5, 2011 it was announced that the opening of the airport was postponed. Dmitry Adbashyan, the head of NKR Civil Aviation Service announced that the airport launch will take place during the 2011 summer. NKR officials also insisted that the postponement was not related to the dispute with Azerbaijan.
Reactions.
Shortly after the NKR Civil Aviation Department's statement announcing the May 9, 2011 opening date, Arif Mammadov, director of Azerbaijan’s Civil Aviation Administration warned that according to aviation laws, flights from Yerevan to Stepanakert are not authorized and may be shot down.
The NKR response came from David Babayan, head of the central information department of the NKR president’s office, who said that NKR armed forces "will give an adequate response" if Azerbaijan attempts to shoot down an aircraft. President of Armenia Serzh Sargsyan condemned the threat to shoot down civilian aircraft, dismissing it as "nonsense". Sargsyan also said that he would be the first passenger on inaugural Yerevan-Stepanakert flight.
The Azerbaijani presidential administration condemned Sargsyan's statement as a provocation on the part of Armenia. A few days later, Elkhan Polukhov, spokesman for the Azerbaijani Foreign Ministry, declared that “Azerbaijan did not and will not use force against civil facilities.”
The United States Assistant Secretary, Philip Gordon, as well as then ambassadors to Azerbaijan and Armenia, Matthew Bryza and Marie Yovanovitch, respectively, characterized that threat as "unacceptable"; and advised that issues related to the security of the airport should be solved before its opening.
The OSCE Minsk Group, which mediates the conflict, reaffirmed that the operation of this airport could not be used to support any claim of a change in the status of Nagorno-Karabakh, and urged the sides to act in accordance with international law and consistent with current practice for flights over their territory.
A number of individuals and groups have openly voiced their opposition to the opening of the airport, including the United States ambassador to Azerbaijan Richard Morningstar who stated in November 2012 he was "convinced that the functioning of the airport would not help the peace process."
Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoğlu, who stated “that such provocative actions will not serve to promote the peaceful settlement of the Karabakh conflict," and called on Armenia to "to stop such provocative steps.” The GUAM's Secretary General Valeri Chechelashvili came out with similar statements.
The Turkish government condemned the efforts of Armenia to open the airport, and reiterated that it will close its air space to Armenia, if the opening goes ahead.
Airlines and destinations.
It is expected that Karabakh will have a regular flight services only to Yerevan, Armenia, and a state-owned carrier, Artsakh Air. Artsakh Air, created on January 26, 2011, intends to purchase three Bombardier CRJ200 jets. Officials have said only that a one-way air ticket to the Armenian capital will cost 16,000 drams ($45 USD). As of September 2013 the flights haven't started.

</doc>
<doc id="19859976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19859976" title="Cosmic Soldier (video game)">
Cosmic Soldier (video game)

The game introduced an early dialog conversation system, where the player can recruit allies by speaking to them, choose whether to kill or spare an enemy, and engage enemies in conversation, similar to the later more famous "Megami Tensei". Battles are fought in a turn-based style. The game also displayed some nudity on the title screen.
"Cosmic Soldier: Psychic War".
The 1987 sequel, Cosmic Soldier: Psychic War, was released for the MSX computer in Japan and for the MS-DOS platform in the West. It changed the turn-based combat of its predecessor to a unique "tug of war" style real-time combat system, where battles are a clash of energy between the party and the enemy, with the player needing to push the energy towards the enemy to strike them, while being able to use a shield to block or a suction ability to absorb the opponent's power. The game also improves upon the conversation system of its predecessor and more closely resembles the one in "Megami Tensei" released around the same time.

</doc>
<doc id="19859989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19859989" title="Michael Peifer">
Michael Peifer

Michael T. "Mike" Peifer is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, representing the 139th legislative district. He was first elected in 2006.
Prior to elective office, Peifer attended Wallenpaupack Area High School. He attended Rider College on a baseball scholarship and earned a degree in accounting. Peifer worked for Price Waterhouse LLP, eventually rising to the level of a senior tax consultant as a Certified Public Accountant. In 1995, Peifer opened his own accounting and tax firm in his hometown of Greentown, Pennsylvania. Peifer served as Pike County treasurer from 1999 through 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19859994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19859994" title="Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 208 + 1781">
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 208 + 1781

Papyrus 5 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by siglum formula_15, is an early copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Gospel of John dating palaeographically to the early 3rd century. The papyrus is housed in the British Library. It has survived in a very fragmentary condition.
The text of the manuscript was reconstructed several times. Textually it is very close to Codex Sinaiticus, but with some exceptions.
Description.
The manuscript is a fragment of three leaves, written in one column per page, 27 lines per page. The surviving text of John are verses 1:23-31.33-40; 16:14-30; 20:11-17.19-20.22-25. 
It was written in a documentary hand, in a round, upright uncial of medium size. It uses the nomina sacra with abbreviations (ΙΗΝ ΙΗΣ ΠΡ ΠΡΑ ΠΡΣ ΘΥ), though not for ανθρωπος.
There is a tendency to brevity, especially in omitting unnecessary pronouns and conjunctions.
Text.
According to reconstruction of Philip W. Comfort
Scribes and Correctors.
In John 1:38 "οι δε" was added superlineary; αυ was deleted by dots above the letters.
In John 16:19 "ο" was added superlineary.
In John 16:29 αυτω was added superlineary.
In John 20:19 και was added superlineary.
Textual character.
In John 1:34 it reads ὁ ἐκλεκτός together with the manuscripts formula_1106, א, b, e, ff2, syrc, s. 
In John 16:17 at line 7 of the recto of the second fragment there appears to be extra space which would require some additional material.
In John 16:20, λυπηθησεσθε originally read λουπηθησεσθε, to which the scribe corrected to λυπηθησεσθε. In 16:21, λυπην originally read λοιπην, to which the scribe corrected to λυπην. In 16:27, it singularly omits εγω. In 20:19 the scribe originally omitted και, but then added it superlinearly later on.
At line 19 of the third folio of the recto (John 20:16) the missing fragment is difficult for a reconstruction. Grenfell & Hunt remarked that there is no space for the ordinary reading ο λεγεται διδασκαλε because a line should have 34 letters, which is too long. Grenfell & Hunt rejected another possible reading κε διδασκαλε, which is found in Codex Bezae (possible conflation), and proposed κε alone, because "Domine" is found in Codex Vercellensis and in Codex Usserianus I, but in the reconstructed text of the manuscript they did not decide to include this proposed variant to the text:
All the editors agree that the space is insufficient for ο λεγεται διδασκαλε (John 20,16) but κε alone is too short and it is not supported by any Greek manuscript. Elliott & Parker have suggested ο λεγεται κε. It was supported by Peter Head. Comfort proposed κε μου though this reading is not supported by any known Greek manuscript. It is close for κε διδασκαλε of Codex Bezae and Old-Latin Magister Domine or Domine.
The Greek text of this codex is representative of the Western text-type. Aland ascribed it as a "Normal text", and placed it in Category I. It stays in close agreement with Codex Sinaiticus against Codex Vaticanus (e.g. John 1:27.34; 16:22.27.28; 20:25). "This agreement is unfortunatelly obscured by mutilation".
History.
The manuscript was discovered at the end of the 19th century by Grenfell and Hunt in Oxyrhynchus, Egypt. The first and third leaves were published in "Oxyrhynchus Papyri", Part II (1899), no. 208. Gregory classified it under number 5 on his list.
The second leaf (John 16:14-30) was published in 1922 as Oxyrhynchus no. 1781.
It was examined by Grenfell, Hunt, Wessely, Schofield, Comfort, and Barrett.
It is currently housed at the British Library (Inv. nos. 782, 2484) in London.

</doc>
<doc id="19860035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860035" title="The Girl from Dabancheng">
The Girl from Dabancheng

The Girl from Dabancheng (, Uyghur: Qamberxan) is a well known folk song with Chinese lyric translated by Wang Luobin, and adapted from the Uyghur folksong Qamberxan. One of the early recordings of the song Qamberxan was done by a German ethnomusicologist on the singing of a Turpan Taranchi farmer's 16-year-old daughter. The song was most likely composed by an Uyghur soldier back in the time of Yaqub Beg, when the soldier was posted from southern Xinjiang to the north (Ili) or east (Turpan). Indeed there are many songs dated back that time associated with a soldier's courtship, such as Havagul (mispronounced and adapted by Wang Luobin as Avargul), which talks about a girl in Ili. However, Qamberxan talks about a girl in Dabancheng (or Davanching in the Uyghur language) which lies between Turpan and Urumqi, and is a district of Urumqi. This district is well known as an entrepot on inter-oasis travel. The reputation of the beauty of local girls is partly due to the mixing among the different populations that traveled through it.
Following is the Uyghur and Chinese lyrics of the song Qamberxan (Uyghur transliteration uses the TB31 alphabet):
English Translation.
Qambarhan

</doc>
<doc id="19860037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860037" title="Stephen Crane bibliography">
Stephen Crane bibliography

The following is a list of works by American author Stephen Crane.
Unfinished works.
Sources report that following an encounter with a male prostitute in the spring of 1894, Crane began a novel on the subject entitled "Flowers of Asphalt". He reportedly abandoned the project and the manuscript has never been recovered.

</doc>
<doc id="19860044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860044" title="Rottnest Island Airport">
Rottnest Island Airport

Rottnest Island Airport is a small airport for light aircraft, situated about from the main settlement at Thomson Bay, Rottnest Island and northwest of Fremantle. Daily air services operate to the island. In the past these have been from Perth Airport, but in recent years have been mainly from Jandakot.
The single runway runs east-west and is situated behind Thomsons Bay and south of Government House Lake. Part of the lake was resumed for the construction of the airport runway. The Rottnest Tram track runs south of and parallel to the runway.
The airport opened in November 1930 and has been used regularly since then for private and small commercial operations, ferrying workers and holiday makers between Perth and the island.
Commercial services.
At one stage, the Perth to Rottnest flight was the world's shortest scheduled air route.
Woods Airways which was run by pioneer aviator Jimmy Woods, operated the Perth to Rottnest service from about 1948 with two war-surplus Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) Avro Anson aircraft. The service closed in 1961 after concerns about the safety of the ageing aircraft and recurring conflict with the Department of Civil Aviation over minor infringements of regulations. In 14 years of operations, it had made more than 13,000 crossings.
Other services continued after Woods Airways departed and at various stages facilities were upgraded.
Woods Airways and its owner were considered synonymous with the airport and in 1987 State Tourism Minister Pam Beggs opened the renamed and upgraded Jimmy Woods Air Terminal in recognition.
MacRobertson Miller Airlines took over services after Wood's Airways using both DC-3 and Fokker F27 Friendship, until the route became uneconomical.
Rottnest Airlines (aka "Quokka Airlines") operated the service until 1999 when it was taken over by Frank Stynman who operates a four and six-seater daily service from Jandakot called Rottnest Air-Taxi. Flying time is from 12 to 15 minutes.
Crash.
On 12 November 2006 a light twin engine charter aircraft carrying the pilot and five passengers crashed on the edge of the salt lake adjoining the airport. The plane split in two from the impact and two passengers were hospitalised. All escaped with minor injuries. It is believed that the aircraft suffered an engine failure, and the pilot was not able to maintain control.

</doc>
<doc id="19860048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860048" title="István Kováts">
István Kováts

István Kováts (Slovene "Števan Kovatš"; January 25, 1866 – December 11, 1945) was a Hungarian Lutheran pastor, senior, writer and historian. He wrote in the wends dialect (the language of the Hungarian Slovenes, people of Prekmurje).
Born in Lébény, near Győr to evangelical landowner István Kováts and Katalin Kováts. He first studied in Sopron, and then in Germany at the University of Halle-Wittenberg and University of Jena. He was consecrated on September 29, 1889 and made chaplain in Tét, in 1891 in Transylvania. On March 12, 1892 he went to Wendic March, in Murska Sobota, where he learned the wends dialect.
He married Irena von Berke, a Hungarian noblewoman who was the daughter of Mihaly von Berke, a wealthy landowner and owner of the Bank of Wendic March. They had three children; two daughters and one son. His son Karel Kováts (later Kovač) built the new evangelical church in Gornji Slaveči and was senior of the evangelical church in Slovenia.
István Kováts was the president of the "Bank of Wendic March", and senior of Evangelical Congregation of Mura up till 1941. From 1941 and up to 1945, he was honorary senior of Evangelical COngregation of Mura. He built the new evangelical church in Murska Sobota, and the evangelical dormitory. In 1940 he wrote up the history of Evangelical Vicarage of Murska Sobota, and edited the calendar "Evangeličanski koledar", and the gazette of "Düševni List". He died in Murska Sobota on 11 December 1945. For his contribution to the Kingdom of Hungary he received the National Defence Cross (Nemzetvédelmi Kereszt) from Miklós Horthy himself. Alexander I of Yugoslavia awarded him with Order of St. Sava (IV Class).

</doc>
<doc id="19860051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860051" title="Manchester Metros">
Manchester Metros

The Manchester Metros are the ice and inline hockey teams for Manchester Universities, including the University of Manchester and Manchester Metropolitan University.
The ice hockey section has teams competing in Checking Divisions 1 and 2 and Non-Checking Division 1 North of the British Universities Ice Hockey Association cup competition. The squads train together at the Altrincham Ice Dome and play their cup competition and challenge games at Deeside Ice Rink.
History.
Foundation.
The Metros were formed as an inline hockey team in 2001 by a group of students studying at UMIST and the Victoria University of Manchester (commonly known as Manchester University until 2004). They first competed in the University roller hockey national championships in the 2002-2003 academic year, finishing 4th overall. For the 2003-2004 season the team entered the NIHL, allowing them to play regular matches throughout the year. 
In 2004 the club had their debut as an ice hockey team in the BUIHA cup competition. They have continued to field a team in the National Inline Hockey League (NIHL) which is based in Broughton near Salford.
2004-08.
The club entered only an A team into the BUIHA Cup Competition.
2008-09 Season.
In this season the A team won BUIHA Division 2 Central in convincing fashion going undefeated throughout. 
The A team also won the Tier II National Championship.
The B team played their first season in the cup competition, finishing 2nd in Division 3 North.
2009-10 Season.
In this season, the A team again won BUIHA Division 2 Central, and then won the Division 2 play-off final in Sheffield. 
They then won the Tier II National Championship for the second time.
The B team moved up to compete in Division 2 North, where they lost all their games.
2010-11 Season.
In this season, the A team moved up to compete in BUIHA Division 1 North, and the B team continued to play in Division 2 North. The A team reached the final of the BUIHA Tier I National Championship. The club also entered a C team into the BUIHA Tier III National Championship.
2011-12 Season.
This season saw further expansion and development of the team, with large influx of beginners and a few more ENL level players. Teams were entered into all three divisions of the BUIHA cup competition. In April, a fourth team was entered into the third tier of the national championships weekends.

</doc>
<doc id="19860077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860077" title="In Repair (Our Lady Peace song)">
In Repair (Our Lady Peace song)

"In Repair" is a music single released by Canadian rock band Our Lady Peace in 2000, under the album "Spiritual Machines". It was the first single from the album, and was followed by "Life" and "Right Behind You (Mafia)".
Meaning.
Raine Maida spoke of the lyrics on the band's website in 2000:
"The lyrics for the track ‘In Repair’ focus upon how people tend to treat each other as machines in our day-to-day life. We really need to take stock and focus our energy towards those in our lives that matter. Sometimes it seems as if we need an oil change,"
Song information.
The song, as with most songs from the "Spiritual Machines" album, follows a theme concerning a futuristic artificially intelligent and robotic society, as described in Ray Kurzweil's 1999 book "The Age of Spiritual Machines".
In both the original release of the song and its second release as part of OLP's "A Decade" compilation album in 2006, the song is immediately preceded by a track entitled "R.K. 2029", which is a narration from Kurzweil's book read aloud by Kurzweil himself.
Critical reception.
In her review of "Spiritual Machines", Allmusic's MacKenzie Wilson commented that "Maida's lazy nasal-like vocals carry the song with sheer essence" and said that, "There are no thunderous riffs plaguing the song's initial plea for a little soul-searching."
Music video.
The music video was created by Oli Goldsmith and is an animated collage of the more than 200 artworks he painted for the Spiritual Machines project. The band makes no appearances in the video except for a brief moment when characters resembling them appear in the background. Saul Fox's image appears several times in the video also. The video premiered on Muchmusic on November 22, 2000.
In 2001, the video was nominated for Best Video, Best Rock Video, Best Post-Production, and Best Director at the MuchMusic Video Awards, which it won all but Best Rock Video.

</doc>
<doc id="19860081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860081" title="Tanauka">
Tanauka

Tanauka is the first album by the Namibian musician Gazza. It was released by RC-Ghetto in February, 2004. It includes the hit songs "Ghetto Life" and "Shidolodolo" which both include his then best friend and label mate The Dogg. Production of the album was by Elvo. The album contains songs inspired by different genres. 

</doc>
<doc id="19860085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860085" title="In Repair">
In Repair

In Repair may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19860090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860090" title="Zula II Survive">
Zula II Survive

Zula II Survive (literally: "Beg to survive") is the second album by the Namibian kwaito artist Gazza. The album was more kwaito than his previous release, "Tanauka", and until today is considered Gazza's best album. "Zula II Survive" together with The Dogg's "Shimaliw' Osatana" and "Take Out Yo Gun" are considered the first albums to have shaped the Namibian kwaito genre. The album also introduced Sunny Boy to the music industry. "Koko", "KKN" and "Zula II Zula" are the album's biggest hits.
It is the first album to be released on Gazza's own imprint G. M. P.. Most of the production on the album was by Elvo. 

</doc>
<doc id="19860094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860094" title="Stof-Lap Chikapute">
Stof-Lap Chikapute

Stof-Lap Chikapute is the third studio album by Gazza, released in 2005. Gazza adopted a more South African style of kwaito for this album, which includes production by Bu², Becoming Phil, and David Taren. This is Gazza's first album without an appearance by The Dogg.

</doc>
<doc id="19860097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860097" title="467/GMP Till I Die">
467/GMP Till I Die

467/GMP Till I Die is Gazza's fourth studio album, released in May 2007. "467/GMP Till I Die" is the first double LP released in Namibia. The album includes the Channel-O award winning song "Mokasie". This is Gazza's most mature and personal album. It received both negative and positive reviews from critics.

</doc>
<doc id="19860100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860100" title="Still the King">
Still the King

Still the King is the fifth album by the Namibian kwaito star Gazza, released on 30 September 2008. The album is considered a flop by many fans, because of its use of foreign (South African) languages. Production is similar to older albums by artists such as TKZee, Kabelo, Mandoza, Brown Dash and Zola.

</doc>
<doc id="19860104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860104" title="Pearl of Csaba">
Pearl of Csaba

Pearl of Csaba ("Csabagyöngye" in Hungarian) is a white variety of grape. It was created in 1904 by the Hungarian viticulturalist Adolf Stark, presumably by crossing Madeleine Angevine × Muscat Courtillier (= Muscat Précoce de Saumur). Some sources instead state the parent varieties as Bronner x Muscat Ottonel, but this is seen as less likely. The variety's name was taken from the city Békéscsaba, which is also called "Csaba" for short.
Pearl of Csaba is primarily used as a table grape. Worldwide cultivation is estimated to be around , and it is primarily found in Romania, Hungary and Bulgaria. 

</doc>
<doc id="19860141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860141" title="Graduate School of North American Studies">
Graduate School of North American Studies

The Berlin Graduate School of North American Studies (GSNAS) is affiliated with the John F. Kennedy Institute for North American Studies at the Free University Berlin. It was distinguished by the German Universities Excellence Initiative in 2006, a nationwide competition carried out by the Federal Ministry of Education and Research, together with the German Research Foundation. The GSNAS was officially opened by the former German minister for foreign affairs, Joschka Fischer, in November 2007. Speakers of the Graduate School of North American Studies are Prof. Dr. Ulla Haselstein and Prof. Dr. Winfried Fluck.
Vision.
By combining closely supervised doctoral education with excellent theoretical and methodological research training, the Graduate School of North American Studies enables its doctoral candidates to complete outstanding dissertations within a period of three years, and prepares them for a career in universities, research institutions, other science-related organizations, think tanks, scientific journalism etc. 
Under the overall research concept “The Challenges of Freedom”, the Graduate School of North American Studies focuses on the social, economic, and cultural changes in the North American Societies at the beginning of the 21st century in a comprehensive and interdisciplinary way.
Program.
The program is aimed at doctoral candidates who intend to write a dissertation in one of the following disciplines: Cultural and Literary Studies, History, Political Science, Sociology, or Economics. In interdisciplinary seminars, students acquire comprehensive knowledge of the historical, social, cultural, and economic changes facing North America in the first quarter of the new century. In-depth theoretical and methodological training is provided in disciplinary seminars. As a third module, courses on professional skills (advanced academic writing, management, presentation, didactic skills) are obligatory. The language of instruction is English.
The extensive Visiting Professor-Program of the Graduate School allows its students to intensively discuss their ideas and projects with internationally renowned scholars like José Casanova (Georgetown University), Tyler Cowen (George Mason University), Jack P. Greene (Brown University), David Harvey (City University of New York), Akira Iriye (Harvard), Jackson Lears (Rutgers University), Donald E. Pease (Dartmouth College), Carla Peterson (University of Maryland) und Hayden White (Stanford University).
Partner institutions.
The Graduate School of North American Studies cooperates with the American Studies Programs of the following universities and colleges in North America: Brown University, Dartmouth College, Harvard University, Stanford University, University of California at Berkeley, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, and Yale University. It also cooperates with University College Dublin. In addition, partnerships exist with the Hertie School of Governance (Berlin), the American Academy in Berlin (Berlin), the Canadian Universities Centre (Berlin), the German Council on Foreign Relations (DGAP), the German Institute for Economic Research, the German Institute for International and Security Affairs, the Fritz Thyssen Foundation and the Terra Foundation.
Admission.
The annual deadline for applications is January 31. For further information on the application procedure, please see www.gsnas.fu-berlin.de
External links.
Free University Berlin

</doc>
<doc id="19860144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860144" title="Judaica Foundation – Center For Jewish Culture">
Judaica Foundation – Center For Jewish Culture

The Judaica Foundation located at ul. Meiselsa 17 street in Kraków, Poland, was created in 1991. The idea for the foundation was established already in the 1980s, influenced by the President of the Jewish community of Kraków. Committed to preserving the Jewish heritage in Krakow's old Jewish district of Kazimierz and to opening up a new platform for intercultural dialogue, the Foundation also aims at spurring interest among young people for the Jewish culture and history. 
The Centre for Jewish Culture run by the Judaica Foundation opened in 1993. It resides in Kazimierz at a former house of prayer (Bejit ha-midrasch) built in the 1880s and modernized in 1989-1993. The building served religious purposes right until the outbreak of World War II. In 1993 it was thoroughly restored with the help of various organisations. Today the Centre serves as a venue for lectures, workshops and exhibitions such as the Aleksander and Alicja Hetz Annual Memorial Lecture or the Settimana della Cultura Ebraica which is organised together with the Italian Institute for Culture in Krakow.
Sources.
judaica.pl

</doc>
<doc id="19860156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860156" title="Quill (horse)">
Quill (horse)

Quill (foaled 1956 in Kentucky) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse who was the 1958 Champion Two-Year-Old Filly in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19860194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860194" title="V-League 5th Season 2nd Conference">
V-League 5th Season 2nd Conference

The V-League 5th Season 2nd Conference is a tournament of the Shakey's V-League. The tournament began on October 19, 2008 at The Arena in the city of San Juan.
Joining are Ateneo de Manila University, Adamson University, De La Salle - College of Saint Benilde, De La Salle University, Far Eastern University, Lyceum of the Philippines University, San Sebastian College - Recoletos and University of Santo Tomas.
Former champion teams University of Santo Tomas and De La Salle University come back after being absent last conference.
After being thrice runner-up and a heartbreaking third-place finish last conference, San Sebastian College - Recoletos finally clinched the championship this season after finishing their former nemesis University of Santo Tomas in a sweep of the finals series.
Elimination round.
PW = points won, PL = points lost, PQ = points quotient
Basis of breaking ties:

</doc>
<doc id="19860223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860223" title="Gandhi Foundation">
Gandhi Foundation

The Gandhi Foundation is a United Kingdom-based voluntary organisation which seeks to further the work of Mahatma Gandhi through a variety of educational events and activities.
History.
The Gandhi Foundation was inaugurated on 10 October 1983 at a launch in Friends House, London. The catalyst for the creation of the foundation was Richard Attenborough’s movie "Gandhi", which attracted large audiences around the world, due in part to the sensitive portrayal of Gandhi by Ben Kingsley.
Founders.
The principal founders were:
Aims and activities.
The principal activities of the foundation are a quarterly newsletter and three annual events: a Multifaith Service, a Summer School, and an Annual Lecture. The newsletter is entitled "The Gandhi Way".
The Multifaith Service is usually held in London on 30 January, the anniversary of Gandhi’s assassination. The Service brings together people of different faiths such as Buddhist, Baha’i, Christian, Hindu, Jain, Jewish, Muslim, Sikh in remembrance of Gandhi and to share elements from their different traditions.
The Summer School is held in July. Around 40 people of all ages and nationalities live together for a week in the countryside, sharing the necessary tasks of cleaning, cooking, and washing-up as well as attending daily workshops which take up different aspects of the chosen theme for the year. A variety of crafts are taught, and conventional lifestyles and attitudes are challenged. The Summer School has a loyal following with many participants returning year after year.
In 2008 the Gandhi Foundation helped to organise The Festival of Non-violence. As part of the festival the British Library unveiled a new traveling exhibition "The Life of Gandhi", with six 'panels' focusing on the following aspects of Gandhi's life and work: Non-violence and the influence of Jainism, Gandhi's work in South Africa, Gandhi's Philosophy, the Non-Cooperation and Quit India movements, and the independence of India.
Annual Lecture.
The Annual Lecture is usually held on or near Gandhi’s birthday, 2 October. The chronological list of lecturers together with the titles of their lectures is as follows:
Gandhi International Peace Award.
In 1998 the prestigious Gandhi International Peace Award was inaugurated. Recipients have included:

</doc>
<doc id="19860241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860241" title="Aşkkolik">
Aşkkolik

"Aşkkolik" (En. "Love Addict)" is the fifth single, tenth overall, by Belgian singer Hadise from her second self-entitled studio album Hadise. The single is the second Turkish song on the album.
Background.
The song is written by Deniz Erten and the producer of the song is Özgür Buldum.
"Aşkkolik" differs to most of Hadise's releases except My Body. Both songs are more electronic unlike other releases which are more R&B influenced.
Music video.
The single had begun receiving airplay when the album was released, but a music video was not shot. However on November 2, 2008, due to the popularity of the song and the fact that the song had no video, the Turkish music channel "Powertürk TV" released a collage using music videos from Hadise's previous music videos. These included "My Body", "Deli Oğlan" and "A Good Kiss".
Hadise was unable to promote the song as she was preparing possible songs for the 2009 Eurovision Song Contest.
Chart performance.
Aşkkolik started to receive airplay before the release of the music video due to the huge success of the previous Turkish single "Deli Oğlan", which lead to the song charting on many radio charts and the official Turkish billboard Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19860250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860250" title="Misko Iho">
Misko Iho

Misko Iho (May 9, 1975 in Helsinki) aka Mikko Iho is a Finnish film director.
Life and work.
Misko Iho was born on May 9, 1975, as Mikko Iho in Helsinki, Finland. From 1992 to 1994, Misko was a part of a now-defunct computer demo group, Future Crew, as the graphic artist named "Pixel". Noteworthy demos by Future Crew include "Unreal" (released at Assembly 1992), "Panic" (released at The Party 1992), and "Second Reality" (released at Assembly 1993). Slashdot voted the Future Crew Demo Second Reality as one of the "Top 10 Hacks of All Time".
During 1994, Misko spent a few months in the USA designing computer game graphics for the game Epic Pinball by Epic MegaGames.
From 1997 to 2001, he worked as a visual effects artist creating visual effects for commercials, feature films, and music videos for bands like Bomfunk MC's, JS16 and Darude (Sandstrom, Feel The Beat, Out Of Control). Darude's Sandstorm was the best selling 12" worldwide in 2000.
Misko was also busy from 1997 to 2004 running a club concept in Finland called "Screen". During those years, he was involved in organizing over a hundred club events and bringing some of the most-influential club deejays in the world to Finland. Screen guests included deejays like John Digweed, Carl Cox, Deep Dish, Josh Wink, Dave Seaman, Nick Warren, Sander Kleinenberg, Danny Rampling, Steve Lawler, Sister Bliss, and many others.
Since 2002 he has worked as a commercial and music video director in Finland and abroad. His most-known works include the commercial film series for the Finnish Railways and awards winning music videos for the Finnish singer Chisu and Sunrise Avenue.
2010 his music video for the Finnish singer Chisu was chosen as the Music Video of the Year in Finland at the annual Muuvi Awards organized by IFPI (International Federation of the Phonographic Industry). The video also won the Audience Award.
2012 his next video for Chisu was again chosen as the Music Video of the Year in Finland at the annual Finnish Grammy Awards Emma-Awards.
2010 his debut short film "Potilas" (The Patient) was awarded of "Best Direction" at the Super Shorts International Film Festival in London and 2011 as the "Best short film" at the Byron Bay Film Festival in Australia.
Selected filmography.
Short films.
The Patient (2010).
Best Direction
Best Short Film
Best International Actor - Jani Volanen
<br>
Official Selections
Music videos.
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2003
Sports career.
Skydiving (2004 –present).
Awards
Records

</doc>
<doc id="19860254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860254" title="Huckleberry Hound">
Huckleberry Hound

Huckleberry "Huck" Hound is a fictional cartoon character, a blue dog that speaks with a Southern drawl and has a relaxed, sweet, and well-intentioned personality. He first appeared in the series "The Huckleberry Hound Show".
The term "huckleberry" can be a slang expression for a rube or an amateur, or a mild expression of disapproval . Most of his short films consisted of Huck trying to perform jobs in different fields, ranging from policeman to dogcatcher, with results that backfired, yet usually coming out on top, either through slow persistence or sheer luck. Huck did not seem to exist in a specific time period as he has also been a Roman gladiator, a Medieval knight, and a rocket scientist. He never appeared in futuristic cartoons, only those set in the present or the past.
One regular antagonist in the series was "Powerful Pierre", a tall and muscular unshaven character with a French accent. Another regular villain was "Dinky Dalton", a rough and tough western outlaw that Huck usually has to capture, and Crazy Coyote, an Indian who Huck often had to defeat who was his match. There were also two crows with Mafia accents who often annoyed Farmer Huck. Another trademark of Huck was his tone deaf and inaccurate rendition of "Oh My Darling, Clementine", often used as a running gag. He also commonly used the phrase "and stuff like that there" in place of "and so on". This phrase showed up quite often in many Hanna-Barbera productions of this time, but Huckleberry said it more often than anyone else. One of his careers had his job position on the door listed as "TS & SLTT". When asked what it stood for, Huck said "Top secrets and stuff like that there."
Various Hanna-Barbera characters were known for breaking the fourth wall, frequently turning to the viewing audience to make comments and asides. Huck took this to somewhat of an extreme, and a significant part of a typical cartoon was his running narrative to the audience about whatever he was trying to accomplish.
Concept and creation.
In 1953 Tex Avery created a character named Southern Wolf for his MGM cartoons "The Three Little Pups" and "Billy Boy". Introduced as an antagonist to Droopy, the wolf had a southern drawl and laid back mannerisms provided by Daws Butler. The most memorable trait of the character was that whenever something painful or unpleasant happened to him he never lost his cool, instead he calmly talked to the audience or kept whistling the song 'Year of Jubilo'. After Avery left MGM, Hanna and Barbera produced two more shorts with the character. In two of his cartoons ("Billy Boy" and "Blackboard Jumble") the wolf plays a role that was exactly like a usual Huckleberry Hound short, aside from his frequent use of slang and the slaughter he only had in "Billy Boy". While "Sheep Wrecked" was the wolf's final apparence, Huckleberry can be considered his reincarnation.
Huckleberry's name is a reference to classic American novel "Adventures of Huckleberry Finn", written by Mark Twain. Hanna and Barbera almost named Yogi Bear as "Huckleberry Bear".
He was voiced in the original cartoons in 1957 by Daws Butler, who had given a similar voice and characterization to the dog character in "Ruff and Reddy". Butler denied he based the voice on Carolinian actor Andy Griffith, and had been using it since the late 1940s. The voice for Huck was actually inspired by a neighbor of Butler's wife, Myrtis Martin, in Albemarle, North Carolina, her hometown. Butler would visit Myrtis and her family, and would talk to the neighbor who was a veterinarian. Butler found the man's voice amusing, and would remember it when it came time to voice Huck.
Role in later productions.
Yogi, Boo Boo, Quick Draw McGraw, Magilla Gorilla, Snagglepuss, and Huckleberry traveled around America in the half-hour series "Yogi's Gang". Debuting in 1973, the characters traveled in Ark Lark, a hot air balloon. They solved problems including Mr. Waste and pollution, Mr. Bigot's bigotry, and other various issues.
"The Galaxy Goof-Ups" segment of the 1978 series "Yogi's Space Race" featured new characters Captain Smerdley, Scarebear, and Quack-Up with returnees Huckleberry and Yogi, traveling through space to multiple planets. The series soon split off to its own half-hour program. Huckleberry also appeared as a member of the Yogi Yahooeys team in Laff-A-Lympics from 1977–1979.
Syndicated series "The Funtastic World of Hanna-Barbera" included a segment in 1985 called "Yogi's Treasure Hunt"; Huckleberry appeared alongside characters including Yogi and Boo Boo, Snagglepuss, Dick Dastardly and Muttley, and Top Cat. In 1987, he appeared in "Yogi Bear and the Magical Flight of the Spruce Goose", traveling around the world, saving animals and fending off the Dread Baron and Mumbley.
With fuller (but not feature quality) animation "Yogi's First Christmas" featured Huckleberry and others helping Yogi Bear prevent Jellystone Lodge's owner from tearing it down.
His main comeback was in the television film "The Good, the Bad, and Huckleberry Hound" released in 1988.
In popular culture.
Parodies and other gags.
Multiple television series have included the character in their plots, usually as a quick gag:

</doc>
<doc id="19860320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860320" title="Günter Deckert">
Günter Deckert

Günter Deckert (born 9 January 1940 in Heidelberg, Baden) is a far-right German political activist. He was the leader of the far right National Democratic Party of Germany (NPD). He has served five years in prison in Germany for various offences, including Holocaust denial and incitement to racial hatred. He translated the Leuchter report, an investigation from the United States which attempted to cast doubt on the feasibility of mass extermination via the gas chambers in the Holocaust.
Biography.
Deckert was a high school teacher, but was fired from that job in 1988 after being repeatedly sanctioned for his political activism. He was also a city councilman in Weinheim and started a travel agency named Germania. He rose to fame when he became the chairman of the NPD.
In November 1991, Deckert participated in a meeting featuring Fred A. Leuchter, for which he was later charged and convicted of inciting racial hatred. Deckert translated what Leuchter was saying for the benefit of the audience, and said at the meeting that the Holocaust was a myth perpetrated by "a parasitical people who were using a historical lie to muzzle […] Germany". In 1992 he was sentenced to one year in prison. Deckert appealed the verdict of his conviction, and in March 1994 the Mannheim State Court ordered a retrial, on the grounds that the lower court had failed to ascertain all of the necessary facts.
At the retrial in the summer of 1994, one of the three panel judges, Judge Wolfgang Mueller, described him as an "intelligent man of character for whom the claim was a matter of the heart" and another, Judge Ranier Orlet, who had presided over the case and whose prior reputation for "revision-proof" opinions had made him seem ideal for the case, declared that Deckert had "expressed legitimate interests" when he had questioned the political and financial demands continuing to be made by Jews upon Germany almost fifty years after World War II, "while the mass murders of other nations remain unatoned". Orlet, in a sixty-six page opinion, found that Deckert was "no anti-Semite" who "left a good impression upon the court" as a "responsible personality of good character", and who merely considered it "desirable that research constantly rechecked even historical theses that are considered valid". The panel of three judges still found Deckert guilty, and sentenced him again to one year in prison, but this time as a suspended sentence, in the expectation (in the judges' opinion) that he would "avoid punishable involvements" in future, albeit that "changes in his political views … were not to be expected".
These statements caused a public outcry: spokespeople for the Jewish community crying foul, the prosecutor decrying Orlet's opinions as "instructions" for denying the Holocaust, the German justice minister calling it "a slap in the face of all Holocaust victims", and the Association of German Judges calling it "a slip of the footing". As a consequence, the two judges were suspended (although they were reinstated a few months later), and Deckert was ordered to a second retrial. At his third trial, in April 1995, Deckert was sentenced to two years in prison without probation, for "Gefährliche Politische Brandstifung" ("dangerous political incendiarism"), by Judge Wollentine in Karlsruhe.
Whilst in prison, Deckert wrote a letter to the then vice-chairman of the Central Council of Jews in Germany, Michel Friedman, strongly urging him, as a Jew, to leave Germany. This letter was published in the NPD newspaper. Deckert was charged with incendiarism a second time, and at trial in Mannheim in 1997 he was found guilty and sentenced to an additional two years and three months in prison. During the trial, Deckert's lawyer, Ludwig Boch, based the defence upon the assertion that the Holocaust was a "legend" invented by the Jews. The defence claimed that German politicians legitimized their "unique political incompetence" through the "uniqueness of German guilt", and called both Helmut Kohl and Roman Herzog to the stand. Boch was later, in 1999, himself fined Dm 9,000 for these assertions, which were determined to be "Volksverhetzung" (sedition).
In 2001 Deckert spoke at a meeting of the British National Party in London.
Interviews.
Günter Deckert interview with Carolyn Yeager

</doc>
<doc id="19860333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860333" title="Archery at the 1964 Summer Paralympics">
Archery at the 1964 Summer Paralympics

Archery at the 1964 Summer Paralympics consisted of twelve events, eight for men and four for women.

</doc>
<doc id="19860341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860341" title="Minister and Leader of the House of Commons">
Minister and Leader of the House of Commons

The Minister and Leader of the House of Commons was a Cabinet post in the Parliament of Northern Ireland which governed Northern Ireland from 1921 to 1972. The position was established in 1966. It was vacant for two short periods, in 1968 and 1969, and from March 1971 was combined with the post of Minister of State in the Ministry of Development.
There were at least two prior Leaders of the House of Commons, who held the position alongside other ministerial posts:

</doc>
<doc id="19860345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860345" title="Jeff Kidder">
Jeff Kidder

Jeff Kidder (November 15, 1875 - April 5, 1908) was a little-known police officer in the closing days of the American Old West. He is considered one of the twelve most underrated gunmen of the Old West.
Early life.
He was born Jefferson David Kidder in 1875 in Vermillion, South Dakota, the son of Silas W. Kidder from a prominent family. The boy's grandfather, for whom he was named, was Jefferson P. Kidder; he had served as the Lieutenant Governor of Vermont and later served on the South Dakota Supreme Court and in the U.S. House of Representatives. Silas had a brother Lyman S. Kidder, who became an officer in the 2nd Cavalry Regiment (United States), and served under George Custer. He and his detachment were killed by Native Americans in July 1867, in an event that became known as the Kidder Massacre. In 1868, Silas W. Kidder settled in Vermillion. 
By an early age the boy Jeff had taken an interest in dime novels depicting the lives of gunfighters. Kidder began studying and practicing the art of the quick draw. He attended the University of South Dakota where he studied algebra, language and composition.
Life in the west.
In 1901, Kidder's family moved to California, but he stayed in Vermillion. That same year, the Arizona Rangers were formed, and Kidder ventured southwest to join them. He was not hired until 1903, and he took many odd jobs in between, including working as a cowboy, a miner, and as a lawman in Nogales, Arizona. Kidder quickly became known within the Rangers as the second best marksman, second only to Captain Harry C. Wheeler. 
Two months later, Kidder and other Rangers went to Morenci to quell the mine strikes and riots. Kidder had a reputation as being quiet, having little to say, unless he was drinking. When drunk, he was known to be loud mouthed and quarrelsome. Tom Rynning, an Arizona Ranger Captain, would later claim that he never saw any man faster with a gun on a quick draw than Jeff Kidder. 
Kidder began working to control cattle rustling along the United States/Mexico border near Nogales, often working alone, but sometimes joined by Rangers Fred Rankin, Billy Old, and Bill Sparks. In early 1904, Kidder and Rankin intercepted gunrunners near the border, which resulted in a gunbattle. Kidder shot and killed one of the outlaws, with Rankin shooting the horse out from under another. The two Rangers confiscated several weapons and 10,000 rounds of ammunition. Kidder had numerous other clashes with gunrunners on the border, leading to intelligence reports that he was to be targeted by the Mexican Border Police, who were involved in the gunrunning business with the outlaws.
Kidder, Rankin, Sparks and Old had all received commissions from Mexican General Luis E. Torres, commander of the northern district of Sonora, authorizing them to enter into Mexico if need be in pursuit of outlaws. In the fall of 1907, Kidder and a Benson, Arizona Constable fought and captured one bandit and dispersed several others who were smuggling arms and gunpowder. By this time, Kidder had a sizable reputation on the border and in Mexico. He was promoted to sergeant in early 1908.
Gunfight and death.
In late March 1908, Kidder pursued gunrunners into Mexico. He entered Naco, Sonora on April 3, 1908, and in a small cantina he located his suspects. A gunfight erupted between Kidder and Delores Quias and Tomas Amador, both of whom were Mexican policemen, resulting in both suspects being wounded, and their wounding Kidder. Two Mexican police, in business with the outlaws, burst into the cantina and fired at Kidder, hitting him in the gut. Kidder, alone and outnumbered, continued the fight, returning fire on the two officers, killing them both. Kidder was badly wounded, the bullet having ripped through his intestines and exiting his back, leaving him lying on the floor.
Kidder, realizing he was in trouble, staggered to his feet and walked into the night and began attempting to reach the US border several hundred yards away. Several Mexican policemen and civilians stood between him and the border by this point and they began firing at Kidder. Ranger Kidder then attempted to return fire, but his gun was empty, so he veered to his right heading for the boundary. Taking cover, he reloaded and shot one of the civilians who came within his range, killing the man. Kidder continued to return fire until his ammunition was expended, at which point he surrendered.
Naco Police Chief Victoriano Amador and several of his policemen immediately jumped on Kidder, beating him senseless. Chief Amador had been wounded by Kidder. The police beat Kidder as they dragged him about fifty yards toward the local jail, and he was hit on the head with a pistol, which cracked his skull. Kidder was held in jail that night without medical attention. 
The following day, American officials led by Ranger Captain Wheeler pressured Mexican officials to release Kidder into a private residence for medical care, and pressed for Mexico to allow a Bisbee, Arizona doctor, Dr. F.E. Shine, to attend him. Mexican officials complied. However by that point there was little hope that Kidder could survive. He was, however, able to speak and to relay the events as they happened in his own version. 
Deputy US Marshal John Foster, a friend to Kidder, entered into Naco and visited Kidder during this time, along with several others having authority to do so. Kidder died on April 5, 1908, at 6:30 am. At first, local Mexican authorities refused to allow Kidder's body to be removed to American soil. After intense arguments, General Torres intervened and ordered Kidder's body returned to the Americans. His body was sent to his mother in Los Angeles, California, where he was buried.
No charges were ever filed against the Mexicans. The Arizona Rangers and many citizens of Arizona were enraged. When the Rangers were disbanded in 1909, Ranger Billy Old, Kidder's closest friend, disappeared into Mexico, where he remained for two years. Years later, former Ranger Captain Tom Rynning revealed that in Mexico, Old had hunted down and killed all the men who attacked Kidder.

</doc>
<doc id="19860357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860357" title="Kouwenhoven">
Kouwenhoven

Kouwenhoven is a surname shared by the following individuals:

</doc>
<doc id="19860361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860361" title="List of The Huckleberry Hound Show episodes">
List of The Huckleberry Hound Show episodes

The following is an episode list for the American animated television series "The Huckleberry Hound Show" (1958–61). Each episode of the first two seasons comprises a "Huckleberry Hound" cartoon, a "Pixie and Dixie and Mr. Jinks" cartoon, and a "Yogi Bear" cartoon. In seasons three and four, "Hokey Wolf" cartoons replace the Yogi Bear segments.
Series overview.
At present, the first season has been released on DVD by Warner Home Video. There are currently no plans by Warner Home Video to release the remaining three seasons on DVD.
List of episodes.
Some episodes repeat cartoons from earlier episodes. In the following list, codice_1 denotes a previously-aired (rerun) cartoon.

</doc>
<doc id="19860367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860367" title="Environmental adult education">
Environmental adult education

Environmental adult education is recognized as a “hybrid outgrowth of the environmental movement and adult education, combining an ecological orientation with a learning paradigm to provide a vigorous educational approach to environmental concerns” (Sumner, 2003).
In laymen’s terms, environmental adult education refers to efforts in teaching environmental issues and how individuals and businesses can manage or change their lifestyles and ecosystems to live sustainably. The overarching goal of this field of study is to educate global societies to live more sustainably.
History.
Environmental adult education is a relatively new and unique field of study and practice. It is a community-based method in which educators listen and respect the input of learners, and all participants are considered essential.
During the last thirty years, environmental adult education has evolved. For more than a century, environmental and conservation organizations taught adults environmental education with very little structure.
The United States was one of the first countries to officially recognize environmental education. During a joint House-Senate session in 1968, Congress acknowledged the importance of environmental education, and in 1970 passed the Environmental Education Act, which established the Office of Environmental Education.
Earlier environmental education initiatives.
According to the UNESCO Web site, in 1968 it organized the first intergovernmental conference aimed at reconciling the environment and development, now known as “sustainable development”. In the following years, UNESCO and the United Nations Environment Program (UNEP) initiated three major declarations that defined environmental education. Those included:
Methods.
Educators in this field of study consider environmental problems with a holistic approach that combines social, political and environmental concerns into community dilemmas...
Participatory methods allow learners to make connections between social issues and environmental problems. This connection allows adult learners to understand the core causes of major environmental issues and the resulting social inequalities. This method also allows educators to stress the importance of instilling environmental awareness so that learners do not forget their relationship with the natural world.
To summarize the methods of adult environmental education training, environmental adult educators strive to instil learners with: 
Environmental adult education generally takes place in a nonformal education setting. This means that the organized learning can take place in many forms including vocational education, literacy education and on the job training.
The need for adult environmental education.
Environmental problems are a reality in today’s culture that cannot be ignored. Growing environmental troubles that the world is facing today include: 
Education is the key to reaching environmental sustainability, defined as “developing a way of human living that will ensure an enduring and sufficient level of support from the earth’s resources”.

</doc>
<doc id="19860382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860382" title="Bless This House (film)">
Bless This House (film)

Bless This House is a 1972 British comedy film and a spin off from the television sitcom "Bless This House".
Plot.
1970s English suburbia: middle-aged homeowner Sid Abbot just wants to get on with building his illegal whisky still, but is frustrated by his workshy son, and otherworldly daughter. Then the rude and arrogant Ronald Baines and his family move in next door. 
Cast.
The film starred many of the main stars from the TV series but some were missing and were replaced.
Filming locations.
External shots of the houses used were made in Bolton Avenue, Windsor, UK
Several exterior scenes were shot in Burnham village, Buckinghamshire. Featured locations: St Peters church (wedding scene), Church Street (magistrates court/pub scene) & High Street Burnham (end fire engine scene).

</doc>
<doc id="19860415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860415" title="One Man Army">
One Man Army

One Man Army is a concept used in the action film genre, to describe a heavily armed and well-trained soldier (e.g. see John Rambo or John McClane) fighting on his own and alone.
One Man Army may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19860424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860424" title="Athletics at the 1964 Summer Paralympics">
Athletics at the 1964 Summer Paralympics

Athletics at the 1964 Summer Paralympics consisted of 42 events, 24 for men and 18 for women.

</doc>
<doc id="19860442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860442" title="Marguerite Quinn">
Marguerite Quinn

Marguerite Corr Quinn is a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, representing the 143rd legislative district. She was first elected in 2006.
With her roots in Philadelphia Quinn moved to Doylestown with her family when she was 8. Quinn attended Archbishop Wood Catholic High School, graduating in 1981 as valedictorian, and earned a degree in International Relations from St. Joseph’s University. She has served as a volunteer teacher in American Samoa and worked as a marketing professional for an international consulting firm. Quinn was previously a licensed real estate salesperson, earning her real estate license in 1989. 
Quinn and her husband, John, reside in Doylestown. Quinn has two daughters, Maggie and Carolyn, and is a stepmother to John’s three children Liz, Patrick, and Christopher.

</doc>
<doc id="19860456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860456" title="Tactical Assault Camouflage">
Tactical Assault Camouflage

Tactical Assault Camouflage, also called TACAM, is a camouflage pattern exclusively used by the National Counterterrorism Center.
The pattern was designed as an experiment to show the ability of fractal patterns, breaking up a soldier's outline and symmetry. The fractal pattern and harsh geometric figures in the pattern meld well in urban and suburban areas, where it is used.

</doc>
<doc id="19860457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860457" title="John Burrell (theatre director)">
John Burrell (theatre director)

John Percy Burrell (1910–1972) was a distinguished English theatre director.
John Burrell was educated at Shrewsbury and he led a successful theatre career. He was appointed as a co-director of the Old Vic with Laurence Olivier and Ralph Richardson in 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="19860484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860484" title="Yeroo">
Yeroo

Yeroo was the first private Afaan Oromo newspaper published in Qubee (Oromo alphabet). It distributed weekly newspapers mainly around the cities and towns of the Oromia region of Ethiopia. Due to being independent, the media faced difficulties from the Ethiopian government since its beginning during its registration and establishment. A few weeks after its publications, security problems and financial restrictions imposed by the government caused the newspaper to be suspended. Its website version is Jimma Times (JT), which has remained online after Yeroo newspaper was closed. JT has been the first media to break several news stories before other media outlets, including the story of former Ethiopian PM Tamrat Layne, who became "born again" and left politics, the acceptance of Ethiopian Airlines into the Star Alliance as well as on the decision of the top opposition party Medrek to seek a re-run of disputed Election 2010. Various international media have used news content from Yeroo's Jimma Times, including United Press International (UPI), Epoch Times and Voice of America (VOA) radio. The Jimma Times has also been quoted by and its content used by many Ethiopian newspapers and sites including Capital Ethiopia, Addis Neger, Gadaa.com, Opride.com, Ethio Channel, Awramba Times and African Monitor. Its website/online version has also been suspended for many years after it faced frequent blockage from the government that often censors online media.

</doc>
<doc id="19860517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860517" title="Dartchery at the 1964 Summer Paralympics">
Dartchery at the 1964 Summer Paralympics

Dartchery at the 1964 Summer Paralympics consisted of a mixed pairs event.

</doc>
<doc id="19860542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860542" title="Snooker at the 1964 Summer Paralympics">
Snooker at the 1964 Summer Paralympics

Snooker at the 1964 Summer Paralympics consisted of a men's event.

</doc>
<doc id="19860550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860550" title="Combination K">
Combination K

Combination K was a type of composite armor.
History.
Combination K was fitted onto the Soviet T-64A.
The mix.
Combination K is a three-layer composite armor consisting of outer and inner layer of steel and middle layer of glass-reinforced plastic ("steklotekstolit") and a pack of ceramic (allegedly corundum) plates. 
The T-72 tanks have their gun turret frontal armour composed of three layers: outer and inner layers of steel and middle layer of sand or quartz ("kvartz", probably the origin of the "K" in the name; also implies some relationship between the T-64A and the kvartz composite). The gun turrets are cast with internal cavities on each side of the main gun, which are later filled with the desired composite material. Some Russian sources describe the material as "peschannye sterzhni" ("sand rods" or more likely "sandbars"), likely made of a form of silica similar to fused silica developed in the USA for the T95 prototype medium tanks in the 1952 program for equipping tanks with protection against shaped charges and HEAT rounds without sacrificing protection against kinetic energy penetrators. The same design of cast-steel turret with cavities for composite insets is reportedly used also in the more modern T-80 and T-90 tanks.

</doc>
<doc id="19860568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860568" title="Martial (horse)">
Martial (horse)

Martial was an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse. In 1960 he became the first horse trained in Ireland to win the British Classic 2,000 Guineas Stakes.
Background.
Martial, a massive chestnut horse, was bred by Captain A. D. Rogers' Airlie Stud in Ireland. He was by far the most successful horse sired by the 1952 Kentucky Derby winner, Hill Gail. Martial's dam Discipliner showed no talent as a racehorse but was an excellent broodmare: in addition to Martial she produced the leading sprinters Skymaster (Stewards' Cup) and El Gallo (Cork and Orrery Stakes). His damsire Court Martial defeated Dante in the 1945 2000 Guineas and was twice the Leading sire in Great Britain & Ireland.
As a yearling, Martial was sent to the September sales in Dublin, where he was bought for 2,400 guineas by the trainer Paddy Prendergast on behalf of the American financier Reginald N. Webster.
Racing career.
As a two-year-old, Martial showed promise when winning a race at the Curragh and then traveling to England to contest the Coventry Stakes at Royal Ascot. Martial won the race but was badly jarred by running on the exceptionally firm ground and did not race again that season.
Martial's early form in 1960 was not impressive. He finished unplaced in a race at Phoenix Park and then ran second in the Classic Trial at Thirsk. In the 2000 Guineas at Newmarket Racecourse, Martial' ridden by the Australian jockey Ron Hutchinson, started an 18/1 outsider in a field of seventeen runners. The field split into two groups across the wide Rowley Mile course and in the final furlong Martial and the French-trained colt Venture broke clear of their respective groups to dispute the finish. Martial won by a head, becoming the first Irish-trained colt to win the race in its 152-year history. After the 2000 Guineas, Martial had training problems and ran only once more. In July at Goodwood, Martial finished second to Venture in the Sussex Stakes when carrying six pounds more than the winner.
Assessment and honours.
The independent Timeform organisation gave Martial a rating of 131.
In their book, "A Century of Champions", based on the Timeform rating system, John Randall and Tony Morris rated Martial an "average" winner of the 2000 Guineas.
Stud record.
Martial was retired to stud in 1961 and eventually exported to Argentina. His offspring met with limited success in racing, but he had some long-term influence through his daughter Helen Nichols who produced the successful sire Ahonoora.

</doc>
<doc id="19860582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860582" title="What Is Happening">
What Is Happening

"What Is Happening" is a song by Danish pop band Alphabeat. It was remixed for the international edition of their debut album and this version was released as a single in the UK and in Denmark (its original form was only released on the Danish edition "Alphabeat").
Despite promoting the track on "The Graham Norton Show" and "Loose Women", and a place on the Radio 1 A-List, "What Is Happening" failed to enter the UK Top 75, charting at 110.
Track listing.
CD:
Digital:
Music video.
The music video was directed by Toben Seymour, and involves the band performing, people gathering around them, spelling out words, and people carrying them.

</doc>
<doc id="19860594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860594" title="Alconchel">
Alconchel

Alconchel is a Spanish municipality in the province of Badajoz, Extremadura. It has a population of 1,970 (2007) and an area of 294.9 km².

</doc>
<doc id="19860621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860621" title="Nakano Sun Plaza">
Nakano Sun Plaza

Notable events.
The Clash performed and filmed "The Clash: Live in Tokyo", one of drummer Topper Headon's final performances with the band, here on January 2, 1982.
The Japanese metal band Dead End held their last concert here on January 21, 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="19860647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860647" title="Swimming at the 1964 Summer Paralympics">
Swimming at the 1964 Summer Paralympics

Swimming at the 1964 Summer Paralympics consisted of 62 events, 31 for men, 30 for women and 1 mixed.

</doc>
<doc id="19860659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860659" title="The Lansdowne Tapes">
The Lansdowne Tapes

The Lansdowne Tapes is early Uriah Heep recordings album released in 1994.
The recordings featured on the album date from the time before the formation of Uriah Heep. The early history begins with a band called Spice. Featuring Mick Box, David Garrick — who later changed his name to David Byron — Paul Newton and Alex Napier, they were signed to Gerry Bron's company 'Hit Record Productions' on 1 August 1969. These early recordings feature tracks laid down by Spice at the Lansdowne Recording studios in the later part of 1969, many of which formed part of Spice's live set at the time. Originally intended for an album release, these songs were shelved when Ken Hensley became a member of the band. His influence gave them a distinctive sound in February 1970 this was marked with a name change to Uriah Heep, in time for their first album 'Very 'Eavy, Very 'Umble', which was scheduled for May 1970 release.
The rest of the album features material taped by the embryonic Uriah Heep line-ups. It includes several takes of old favourites and previously unreleased tracks that were recorded for the first three albums, all taped during 1970-1971.
Much of the material required extensive recovery work and all has been newly mixed down from the original 8-track tapes at Lansdowne Studios. Mick Box, Paul Newton and Ken Hensley have co-operated in the production, reportedly fascinated to hear this old material once again. The collector's edition is complemented by an inlay of rare photos from the period, together with cuttings, a full history of the transition from Spice to Uriah Heep, and details of each individual track.
Track listing.
Line-up/Musicians:

</doc>
<doc id="19860662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860662" title="HMS Iphigenia (1808)">
HMS Iphigenia (1808)

HMS "Iphigenia" was a Royal Navy 36-gun "Perseverance"-class fifth-rate frigate. She was built at Chatham Dockyard by Master Shipwright Robert Seppings.
The French captured her at the debacle of Grand Port and in their service she participated in the capture of several British vessels. The British recaptured her and she served in the West Africa squadron (or "Preventative Service"), combating the slave trade. She was broken up in 1851 after serving for many years as a training ship.
British service.
Captain Henry Lambert commissioned "Iphigenia" and sailed her to the Indian Ocean to join the British squadron off Isle de France (now Mauritius). The squadron consisted of "Iphigenia", "Leopard", "Magicienne" and "Néréide". The squadron blockaded Isle de France from May, and started operations to attempt a take-over on 7 July. "Iphigenia" was present at the capture of "Réunion" the next day.
On 10 August, the squadron, under Samuel Pym, landed parties to capture the Île de la Passe and take control of Port-Impérial, initiating the Battle of Grand Port. From 23 August, the British squadron faced off against a French squadron under Guy-Victor Duperré, comprising "Minerve", "Bellone" and "Victor". The French had moved the buoys marking the passage through the reef, causing "Magicienne" and "Sirius" to run aground and leading the British to scuttle them by fire. "Néréide" was captured. "Iphigenia", which had been kept in reserve, attempted to flee, but French reinforcements under Hamelin - ("Vénus", "Manche" and "Créole") - intercepted her, forcing "Iphigenia" to strike her colours.
French service.
"Iphigenia" was taken into French service as "Iphigénie", under Pierre Bouvet, who had assumed command of the French squadron at Grand Port after Duperré was wounded, and had been promoted to Acting Captain 2nd class. She formed a squadron with "Astrée" and "Entreprenant".
On 12 September 1810, Bouvet's squadron intercepted HMS "Africaine" (commodore Corbett) off Saint-Denis, as the frigate , the sloop and the brig were sailing from the bay of Saint-Paul. Bouvet lured the British into pursuit until midnight. He sent "Astrée" forwards, as if "Iphigénie" would attempt to slow "Africaine" down to allow the rest of the squadron to flee. At three, "Astrée" regained her place at the rear of the squadron; the weather, which had been rough, improved somewhat, and in the moonlight "Astrée" suddenly found herself within gun range of "Africaine", with "Boadicea", "Otter" and "Staunch" out of sight. A gunnery duel followed immediately, in which "Astrée" had her rigging damaged; she closed in to "Iphigénie", "Africaine" in close pursuit. "Africaine" soon found herself under fire from "Iphigénie" at point blank range, her guns still trained at "Astrée". After exchanging broadsides and small arms fire for half an hour, during which the French had the upper hand, the British attempted a boarding. "Iphigénie" easily eluded "Africaine", and gave "Astrée" an opportunity for raking "Africaine's" bow. At 4:30, "Africaine" struck her colours. 
All "Africaine's" officers had been killed or wounded in the action, save for Colonel Barry, and only 69 men were uninjured. Bouvet was given Corbett's dagger, which he kept thereafter. The French abandoned "Africaine" and "Boadicea" recaptured her the next day. 
On 3 December 1810, the Isle de France fell to the British. The British took over the ships moored at the island, including "Iphigénie", "Bellone" and "Astrée". They recommissioned "Iphigénie", returning her to service as "Iphigenia". Captain Thomas Caulfield then sailed her home to Britain where she was paid off in April 1811.
Return to British service.
After fitting out at Portsmouth from November to February 1812, "Iphigenia" was recommissioned in January under Captain Lucius Curtis. On 25 March 1812 she sailed with a convoy for the East Indies.
Later, under Captain Fleetwood Pellew, "Iphegenia" sailed for the Mediterranean on 6 December. In February 1813, while still in the Mediterranean, she came under the command of Captain Andrew King. On 17 April 1814, a British squadron consisting of "Furieuse", , "Iphigenia", and supported the successful assault on Genoa. Afterwards, King escorted a convoy of transports from Gibraltar to Bermuda.
Post war.
She underwent repairs at Chatham between June and September 1815, and sailed for the East Indies again in October. King returned home from the East Indies in command of the Third Rate "Cornwallis".
In September 1816 Captain John Tancock took command of "Iphigenia" in Trincomalee. In December 1817 he sailed her back to Britain in company with "Melville", whose fitting out in Bombay he had overseen.
Between January and June 1818 she was at Portsmouth having defects made good. Captain Hyde Parker took command on 15 March and eventually sailed "Iphigenia" for Jamaica. She served also on the Quebec and Mediterranean stations before being paid off on 12 June 1821.
In 1821 "Iphegenia" was recommissioned under Captain Sir Robert Mends. She then served in the anti-slave patrol off Africa with Mends as Commodore of the West Africa squadron. On 22 March 1822 she transported Sir Charles McCarthy, Governor of Sierra Leone, to Cape Coast Castle to assume the governorship of the Gold Coast. 
On 15 April, her boats captured six slave ships on the Bonny River: "Vigilante", "Petite Betsey", "Ursule", the Spanish "Yeanam", "Becaa" and the French brigantine "Utile". In June "Yeanam" foundered in a tornado, claiming the lives of two officers, 16 men and 400 slaves; seven of the "Iphigenia"s crew managed to survive on the wreckage of the "Yeanam".
Fate.
She was fitted at Woolwich between December 1832 and July 1833. Between 1833 and 1848, she was lent to the Marine Society as a training ship. She was broken up at Deptford in May 1851.

</doc>
<doc id="19860734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860734" title="Alconera">
Alconera

Alconera is a Spanish municipality in the province of Badajoz, Extremadura. It has a population of 735 (2007) and an area of 32.7 km².

</doc>
<doc id="19860763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860763" title="Kathy Watson">
Kathy Watson

Katharine M. "Kathy" Watson is serving her fourth term as representative of the 144th Legislative District of Pennsylvania, USA. She currently serves on the House Aging and Older Adult Services, Ethics, Health and Human Services, Liquor Control and Transportation Committees and is chairman of the House Subcommittee on Care and Services and the House Subcommittee on Transportation Safety. She is also a member of the House Republican Policy Committee.
Career.
Watson has extensive experience working in local government. She served as Director of Public Information and subsequently as Deputy Administrator for Bucks County. She was also a Township Supervisor and a member of the Central Bucks School Board. Watson also served as the founder and first director of the Bucks County Highway Safety Program.
Watson was previously a high school English teacher for Springfield High School in Delaware County and also operated a home-based public relations firm, Coleraine Consultants, P.R.
Personal.
Watson and her husband reside in Warrington Township, Bucks County and have one adult son, who is a photographer and designer.

</doc>
<doc id="19860782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860782" title="Table tennis at the 1964 Summer Paralympics">
Table tennis at the 1964 Summer Paralympics

Table tennis at the 1964 Summer Paralympics consisted of twelve events, eight for men and four for women.

</doc>
<doc id="19860793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860793" title="United Natural Foods">
United Natural Foods

United Natural Foods, Incorporated, also known as UNFI, is an independent national distributor of natural and organic foods, specialty foods, and related products in the United States, distributing from eighteen centers throughout the U.S. and Canada. The company provides services for retailers and manufacturers, including marketing and promotions, merchandising, category management, and store support services. UNFI's product line includes dry, refrigerated, and frozen groceries, as well as personal care products, supplements, fresh produce, perishables, general merchandise, and non-food products.
UNFI's customers include food cooperatives, supermarkets, natural food stores, and niche retailers such as Whole Foods Market in the United States, Canada, and more than forty other countries. 
UNFI has a focus on corporate social responsibility. Examples include construction and renovation projects that achieve LEED certification, use of alternative fuels, Green Teams,
and purchase of renewable energy from Eco Electrons. The corporation supports the "Just Label It!" movement that calls for the labeling of genetically modified and engineered foods. When discussing its philosophy, mission, and priorities UNFI foundation states that it is "committed to promoting healthy, sustainable, and organic food production and consumption" and educating people about healthy food choices. 
History.
UNFI was founded in 1996 by the merger of two regional distributors, Mountain People's Warehouse (founded in 1976, serving the Western U.S.) and Cornucopia Natural Foods (founded in 1977, serving the Eastern U.S.), forming the first natural products distributorship with national scope. Since 1996, other regional distributors have merged with UNFI, filling in the distribution footprint and making UNFI the largest distributor of natural products. In 2007 UNFI added specialty products distribution through the acquisition of Millbrook Distribution Services.
Organization.
UNFI's distribution operations are divided into five principal units,
In addition to distribution operations, UNFI also operates the following divisions,

</doc>
<doc id="19860813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860813" title="911th Air Refueling Squadron">
911th Air Refueling Squadron

The 911th Air Refueling Squadron (911 ARS) is part of the 6th Air Mobility Wing at MacDill Air Force Base, Florida. The squadron is geographically separated from the 6th wing and operates as the active duty associate to the 916th Air Refueling Wing at Seymour Johnson Air Force Base, North Carolina.
The squadron is one of the oldest in the United States Air Force. Its origins date to 15 May 1917, when it was organized at Kelly Field, Texas. It served in France as part of the 3d Aviation Instructional Center, American Expeditionary Forces, as a pilot training squadron during World War I. 
The squadron was activated between the wars. After the attack on Pearl Harbor it flew antisubmarine patrols in the Gulf of Mexico and off the Atlantic Coast. It then became a heavy bomber training unit until 1944. In 1944 it converted to Boeing B-29 Superfortresses and saw combat in the Pacific during World War II
It became part of the United States Air Forces in Europe (USAFE) during the Cold War. 
Overview.
The 911th Air Refueling Squadron is presently the fifth oldest active squadron in the United States Air Force. It was formed on 15 May 1917, less than a month after the United States' entry into World War I. Members of the squadron participated in World War I, World War II, Operation Enduring Freedom and Operation Iraqi Freedom.
Today, the squadron operates the Boeing KC-135 Stratotanker aircraft conducting air regueling missions worldwide.
History.
World War I.
The 911th Air Refueling Squadron traces its origins to early May 1917 when newly arrived recruits arrived at Kelly Field, Texas and were formed into 1st Company "B", 1st Regiment, Kelly Field. On 15 May it was redesignated as the 16th Aero Squadron. However, on 13 June it was again redesignated as the 21st Aero Squadron.
When the first soldiers arrived at Kelly, there were no tents or cots for them so they slept on the ground. When the first tents arrived, the men were assigned locations for them and pitched them. The men received their indoctrination into the Army as soldiers, standing guard duty and other rudimentary duties. The lack of sanitary facilities and of uniforms meant most men worked in the civilian clothing they arrived in. They slept in them without bathing until latrines and washing facilities were constructed. The men dug ditches for water mains and erected wooden buildings for barracks. On 4 August, the squadron was ordered to proceed to Scott Field, near Belleville, Illinois, arriving on the 11th. There the squadron worked with the 11th Aero Squadron, preparing the field for training. Training was received in various aircraft engines, and the men were classified as mechanics.
In November the squadron received orders for overseas duty, however an epidemic of sickness put the 21st into quarantine status. It remained quarantined until 21 December when it was cleared by the medical department to move to the Aviation Concentration Center, Garden City, Long Island, arriving on the 23d. It was not long before the squadron was ordered to proceed to the Port of Embarkation at Hoboken, New Jersey, where the squadron sailed for France on 4 January, arriving at Saint-Nazaire on the 17th. After a few days at a rest camp, it traveled by train to the Air Service Replacement Concentration Center, located at the St. Maixent Replacement Barracks, arriving on 23 January. The 21st was classified as a school squadron, and was ordered to proceed to the 3d Aviation Instructional Center (3d AIC) at Issoudun Aerodrome. It arrived at Issoudun on 21 February.
3d Air Instructional Center.
The 3d AIC was established by the Training Section, American Expeditionary Forces (AEF) to train pursuit (fighter) pilots prior to their assignment to combat on the front. The 21st Aero Squadron (School), was assigned to Field #7, where Nieuport 28 aircraft were used for formation flying training. On 18 March, it moved to the main camp, where Fields #1, #2 and #3 were used for initial training in Nieuport 15s and 18s and 21s. When additional squadrons of mechanics arrived, the 21st concentrated at Field #3 and on maintaining the school's Nieuport 21s. The field strngth grew until nearly 100 airplanes were in use, with solo flying, cross country, and basic aerobatics being taught. The squadron handled all of this. The 21st efficiency was commented on by the Post Commander when a record was established with 69 launches on one day, with several hundred hours of flying recorded. Training was given to many members of the pursuit squadrons of the First Army Air Service as they arrived in France; and beginning in August 1918, to new pilots for the planned Second Army Air Service began to arrive for training.
At the time of the Armistice on 11 November, the men of the 21st Aero Squadron remained on duty completing the training of the pilots assigned to Field #3. Although it did not enter combat, the unit trained the men who went to the front and gave them the best of training so they might accomplish their work. 
Demobilization.
The AEF was notoriously slow in returning men to the United States after the end of hostilities, and men who served on the front had priority over those who served in the rear areas. The 21st, therefore, remained at Issoudun until January 1919 when orders were received to proceed to the 1st Air Depot, Colombey-les-Belles Airdrome, France, for demobilization. From Colombey, the squadron moved to a staging camp under the Services of Supply at Bordeaux, waiting for a date to board a troop ship for transportation home. On 18 March, the squadron boarded a troop ship, arriving in New York on 5 April. From there, the 21st moved to Hazelhurst Field, New York where the men were demobilized and returned to civilian life. The 21st Aero Squadron itself was demobilized on 14 April.
Inter-war years.
On 24 March 1923, the World War I 21st Aero Squadron was reconstituted into the permanent United States Army Air Service as the 21st Observation Squadron. The Army activated the unit in the Organized Reserve, and assigned it to the 9th Observation Group in the Sixth Corps Area. The 21st was designated as an Active Associate Unit for the 15th Observation Squadron, at Chanute Field, Illinois. In 1927 it was withdrawn from the Sixth Corps Area and reassigned to the Fourth Corps Area in Florida and reassigned to support training at Carlstrom Field, Florida. In 1928, it was moved to the Eighth Corps Area at Dodd Field, Texas, but it was never fully organized as a Regular Army Inactive unit. It was disbanded in the reserve on 1 October 1933. 
The 21st was returned to active status on 1 March 1935 at Bolling Field, District of Columbia as the 21st Observation Squadron (Long Range Amphibian). It was assigned to the 2d Wing at Bolling. The 21st Observation Squadron flew light reconnaissance aircraft in support of Army maneuvers primarily in northern Virginia. The squadron operated land-based aircraft as well as amphibian seaplanes using the Potomac River for landings/takeoffs. In 1936 it moved to Langley Field, Virginia and expanded to using heavier attack aircraft as well as medium bombers flying neutrality, sea search, and weather reconnaissance missions. 
It was redesignated a long range reconnaissance squadron and received early model Boeing B-17C/D Flying Fortresses and Douglas B-18 Bolos in 1939 and moved to several locations along the Atlantic Coast, flying coastal patrol missions. On 3 September 1941 it was assigned to the 29th Bombardment Group at MacDill Field, Florida, flying antisubmarine patrols from various locations in south Florida over the Gulf of Mexico and the Florida Straits along the Atlantic Coast.
World War II.
Heavy Bomber training.
After the attack on Pearl Harbor the squadron remained in south Florida flying continuous antisubmarine patrols against any German U-Boats approaching the United States coast. 
On 1 February 1942, the 21st was assigned to the 29th Bombardment Group. In June 1942, I Bomber Command took over the antisubmarine mission and the 21st was reassigned to II Bomber Command as a B-17 Flying Fortress heavy bomber training squadron. It was redesignated as the 411th Bombardment Squadron and moved to Gowen Field, Idaho. At Gowen Field, the squadron was classified as an Operational Training Unit (OTU), training newly formed B-17 squadrons prior to their deployment overseas. In 1943, training was switched to the Consolidated B-24 Liberator, and the squadron became a Replacement Training Unit (RTU) training individual crew members prior to their deployment to combat units overseas as replacement personnel. In a reorganization of training units on 1 April 1944, the 411th was inactivated and replaced by "Squadron D, 40th Army Air Forces Base Unit". 
B-29 Superfortress operations against Japan.
The 411th Bombardment Squadron was reactivated on 1 June 1944 as part of the new 502d Bombardment Group (Very Heavy), and began training as a Boeing B-29 Superfortress squadron at Pratt Army Air Field, Kansas. After a month of flying B-17 Flying Fortresses (no training B-29s were yet available), it moved to Davis-Monthan Field, Arizona where the unit was equipped with some early model B-29s and joined the rest of the 502d, which was already training in Arizona. It moved with the group to Dalhart Army Air Field, Texas, where it trained before moving to Grand Island Army Air Field, Nebraska where it was equipped with new B-29B Superfortresses. The B-29B was a limited production aircraft, optimized for low-level night bombing missions. B-29Bs were stripped of most defensive guns to increase speed and bomb load, The tail gun was aimed and fired automatically by the new AN/APG-15B radar fire control system that detected the approaching enemy plane and made all the necessary calculations for aiming the guns. 
After completion of training the squadron deployed to the central Pacific Area, and became part of XXI Bomber Command at Northwest Field (Guam) for operational missions. The mission of the squadron was the strategic bombardment of the Japanese Home Islands. It entered combat on 16 June 1945 with a bombing raid against an airfield on Moen. It flew its first mission against the Japanese home islands on 26 June 1945 and afterwards operated principally against the enemy's petroleum industry. The squadron primarily flew low-level, fast attacks at night using a mixture of high-explosive and incendiary bombs to attack targets.
The 411th flew its last combat mission on 15 August 1945. It later flew in a "Show of Force" mission on 2 September 1945 over Tokyo Bay during the formal Japanese surrender. It was inactivated on Guam 15 April 1946 and its personnel returned to the United States and its aircraft were sent to storage in Southwest United States.
Strategic Air Command.
The 911 Air Refueling Squadron, Heavy was organized on 1 December 1958 at Seymour Johnson Air Force Base, North Carolina. The squadron was equipped with first generation Boeing KC-135A Stratotankers as part of the 4241st Strategic Wing, a dispersed Strategic Air Command (SAC) Cold War wing formed to spread its Boeing B-52 Stratofortress heavy bombers over a larger number of bases, thus making it more difficult for the Soviet Union to knock out the entire fleet with a surprise first strike. The wing was equipped with the B-52G. The squadron flew worldwide training missions with the KC-135s until 15 April 1963 when the 4241st was inactivated, and the 911th was transferred to the 68th Bombardment Wing, which replaced the 4241st wing at Seymour Johnson AFB.
Beginning on 1 May 1972, the 911th deployed to Andersen Air Force Base, Guam and was attached to the Strategic Wing, Provisional,72. Its mission was to support B-52 long-range air strikes over Southeast Asia with air refueling. It remained at Andersen supporting that mission until withdrawn in July 1973, returning to Seymour Johnson. 
On 19 September 1985 the 911th was consolidated with the 411th Bombardment Squadron, giving the squadron a lineage and history dating to May 1917. Also in 1985, the squadron traded in its KC-135As and received KC-10 Extenders. Peacetime training missions continued until October 1989 when it supported tactical air operations as part of Operation Just Cause, the United States invasion of Panama. During the 1991 Gulf War, aircraft and crews from the squadron were attached to the 1710th Air Refueling Wing (Provisional), at King Abdul Aziz Air Base, Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. It operated from 31 December 1990-March 1991 from its forward deployed base in Saudi Arabia, then returned to Seymour Johnson.
Modern era.
On 22 April 1991, the squadron was transferred to the Tactical Air Command (TAC) 4th Operations Group at Seymour Johnson, becoming part of the composite 4th Wing when SAC pulled out of Seymour Johnson AFB. With the inactivation of SAC and TAC in June 1992, Air Combat Command (ACC) began a reorganization of its air refueling assets and moved the refueling component out of the 4th Wing. The 911th was reassigned to the 319th Operations Group at Grand Forks Air Force Base, North Dakota as part of the 319th Air Refueling Wing of Air Mobility Command (AMC). With the move to the 319th, the 911th converted from the KC-10 to the KC-135R Stratotanker.
With the 319th the 911th supported operations in the Balkans during the 1990s and deployed frequently to Saudi Arabia and Turkey in support of Operation Northern Watch and Operation Southern Watch over Iraq.
After the 11 September 2001 attacks, the 911th contributed personnel and aircraft to the 319th Air Expeditionary Group. It was deployed to a makeshift tent city somewhere in the arid desert of Southwest Asia. From the start of air operations over Afghanistan 7 October to 2 November 2001 the 319th had flown over 150 sorties and more than 1050 hours; pumping over 1.4 million US gallons (5,300 m3) of gas into more than 450 planes. The squadron remained in a partially deployed state, supporting Operation Enduring Freedom and Operation Iraqi Freedom throughout the 2000s. Due to budgetary reductions, the 911th was inactivated on 30 June 2007.
The 911th Air Refueling Squadron was reactivated on 12 April 2008 at Seymour Johnson Air Force Base as a geographically separated unit, the second KC-135 squadron of the 6th Air Mobility Wing at MacDill Air Force Base, Florida. With its return to its long-time base at Seymour Johnson, the squadron became an "Active Associate" unit with the Air Force Reserve 77th Air Refueling Squadron of the 916th Air Refueling Wing. Today, the 77th shares its KC-135R/T aircraft with the 911th Air Refueling Squadron and personnel operating between the two squadrons. 

</doc>
<doc id="19860814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860814" title="Volos Municipal Radio">
Volos Municipal Radio

Volos Municipal Radio (, 104.6 FM) is a municipality-owned radio station in Volos, Greece, operating since 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="19860816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860816" title="Near-equilibrium enzymatic flux transfer networks">
Near-equilibrium enzymatic flux transfer networks

Near-equilibrium enzymatic flux transfer networks are intra-cellular mechanisms for moving ATP and a wide range of other metabolites around the cell from where they are produced to where they are needed, at a rate faster than simple diffusion through the cell's cytoplasm would be able to manage. They can act as a buffer system, as there are linear arrays of pathways with several intermediates in the chain, making the supply of metabolites more reliable. A set of parallel shuttles is also less sensitive to disruption than a single shuttle would be. This allows for automatic coupling between supply and demand, and they can almost instantly supply of a ligand to parts of cells that require it. Hence the concentrations of enzymes in the cell is very large, instead of the concentration of metabolites/solutes in the cell being large, which helps osmotic homeostasis, and means transport of metabolites is not dependent on wastefully large concentration gradients. This means that they are less costly in terms of energy used.

</doc>
<doc id="19860833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860833" title="Gotham Independent Film Awards 2008">
Gotham Independent Film Awards 2008

The 18th Gotham Independent Film Awards were awarded on December 2, 2008.
Winners and nominees.
Best Film (Best Feature).
'" "Frozen River"
Best Ensemble Cast.
"' "Synecdoche, New York" <br>
'" "Vicky Cristina Barcelona"
Breakthrough Actor.
"' Melissa Leo - "Frozen River"
Breakthrough Director.
'" Lance Hammer - "Ballast" 
Best Documentary Film (Best Documentary Feature).
"' "Trouble the Water"

</doc>
<doc id="19860864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860864" title="Kharameh">
Kharameh

Kharameh (, also Romanized as Kharāmeh, Karameh and Kherāmeh) is a city in and the capital of Kharameh County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 21,683, in 5,189 families. It is located east of Shiraz. Kherameh is surrounded by three lakes: Bakhtegan, Tashk and Maharlu.
There are several tourist places of interest in Kherameh including Bagh-haye Mehrabad (the Mehrabad Gardens), Tangab, 40 Cheshmeh, Doman nim and Ojagh Seyed.
The main occupation of the inhabitants is agriculture with wheat being the largest produced output.

</doc>
<doc id="19860872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860872" title="Praça do Império">
Praça do Império

The Praça do Império (Portuguese for Empire Square) is a city square in Lisbon, Portugal.
It measures about 280 m by 280, plus adjacent areas, and is the largest square in the Iberian Peninsula and one of the largest in Europe.
Around the square are the Jerónimos Monastery and the Belém Cultural Center, the former being a UNESCO World Heritage Site. In the center of the square is a 3.300 m² garden with large fountain in the middle.
The square commemorates the Portuguese Empire and was built for the Exhibition of the Portuguese World in 1940.

</doc>
<doc id="19860880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860880" title="Weightlifting at the 1964 Summer Paralympics">
Weightlifting at the 1964 Summer Paralympics

Weightlifting at the 1964 Summer Paralympics consisted of four events for men.

</doc>
<doc id="19860885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860885" title="William Thomas Charley">
William Thomas Charley

Sir William Thomas Charley (5 March 1833 – 8 July 1904) was a British judge and Conservative Party politician.
Charley was born in Woodbourne, County Antrim in the north of Ireland in 1833, and was the youngest son of Matthew Charley and Anne Roberts. He was educated at Elstree House School, Lee, Kent and St John's College, Oxford from where he matriculated in 1856. He enrolled as a law student at the Inner Temple, was called to the bar in 1865, and received a Doctorate in Civil Law in 1868.
He became involved in Conservative politics in the 1860s, and was elected as member of parliament for Salford at the 1868 general election. In parliament he advanced his protestant views on social matters and worked for the protection of children. He was defeated at the 1880 general election, and was an unsuccessful candidate at Ipswich at a by-election in 1883 and the 1885 general election.
In 1878 he was elected as the senior legal office of Common Serjeant by the Corporation of London. The appointment caused controversy, as it was felt to be purely political, and that there was a large number of better-qualified lawyers who should have been considered. As a result, the Local Government Act 1888 removed the right of the city corporation to choose the serjeant, which was vested in the Crown.
In spite of criticism of Charley's performance of his duties, he remained as Common Serjeant until 1892, and was knighted and made a Queen's Counsel in 1880. He became a judge of the Central Criminal Court, and of the Mayor's Court.
He held a commission in the Volunteer Force, eventually reaching the rank of lieutenant-colonel, commanding the 3rd Volunteer Battalion, the Royal Fusiliers.
Charley was the author of a number of books on law, religion and the constitution in which he defended the status quo. These included "The Real Property Acts" (1874), "The Judicature Acts" (1875), "The Crusade Against the Constitution: An Historical Vindication of the House of Lords" (1895), "Mending and Ending the House of Lords" (1900) and "The Holy City, Athens and Egypt" (1902).
He married Clara Harbord in 1890, and they had no children. 
Charley was an enthusiastic cyclist, and collapsed and died following a cycling trip in East Grinstead, Sussex, aged 71.

</doc>
<doc id="19860893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860893" title="Rajah Matanda">
Rajah Matanda

Rajah Ache of Maynila, better known by his title Rajah Matanda, (1480–1572) was a 16th-century king of the Kingdom of Maynila, a Tagalog kingdom on the region of the Pasig River in the Philippines. He is also sometimes referred to as "Rajah Laya", a name derived from "Ladyang Matanda" - an alternate pronunciation of his title.
Together with Rajah Sulayman and Lakan Dula, he was one of three kings in Manila, who fought the Spaniards during the colonization of the Philippines.
Etymology.
""Rajah Matandâ"" means ""old king"" in Tagalog, while the Spaniards called him ""Rajah Ache el Viejo" (King Ache the Old)".
Rule.
When the Spanish explorer Martín de Goiti arrived in 1570, he had already ceded his authority to his nephew and heir, Rajah Sulaiman III, but still had considerable influence, as did his brother Lakan Dula, who was king of the neighboring Kingdom of Tondo across the river.
Death.
In August 1572, Rajah Matanda fell ill and was baptised upon request. In the same year, he succumbed to his illness.

</doc>
<doc id="19860904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860904" title="Wheelchair basketball at the 1964 Summer Paralympics">
Wheelchair basketball at the 1964 Summer Paralympics

Wheelchair basketball at the 1964 Summer Paralympics consisted of two events for men.
Medal summary.
Source: Paralympic.org 

</doc>
<doc id="19860906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860906" title="M. J. Rabi Singh">
M. J. Rabi Singh

Prof. M J Rabi Singh is a scholar in Tamil and comparative literature. Born in 1939 in Nagercoil in Tamil Nadu, India, he currently resides in Chennai, India.
Career & Accomplishments.
He initially started his academic career as a tutor in Voorhees college, Vellore. He then served as Assistant Professor at Government Arts College and then at Presidency college, Chennai. He went on to become a Professor in Tamil. As a Professor and Head of department of Tamil, he has worked at Sri Pushpam College in Poondi, M.R. Government Arts college in Mannargudi and at Benares Hindu University at Varnasi. After retirement he served as visiting Professor, guest faculty at the University of Madras. Between 2000 and 2007, he worked as a Senior consultant at the newly created Tamil Virtual University. In this position, he was hugely responsible for the start up and creation of online content for Tamil. He brought in lesson writers besides himself from far and wide to ensure the quality of the academic content available for the online courses offered by the university. He has also filled in as Director in charge for short period and ensured successful running of the university. He has also served as project director for Indian Council for Social Sciences Research .
Research.
His primary research interests lie in Comparative Literature, Literature and Reflections of Society, Classical Heroic Poetry, the Narrative Method in Historical Enquiry and Computer-Assisted Education.
Publications.
He has published 13 books including two books edited. One of them, “Sengol Vènthar”, was prescribed as a text book for undergraduate courses in the Universities of Madras, Madurai-Kāmarāj, Annāmalai and Mysore. He has also published 32 research articles in English and Tamil.
Education.
He did his B Sc in Mathematics at the university of Madras(1961). His love for Tamil made him switch to doing a M A in Tamil language and Literature. He followed this up with a Diploma in Higher education and a M Phil in stylistics study. He completed his Ph.D in comparative literature at the University of Madras in 1980. His doctoral thesis was "a comparative study on social novels in Tamil and Malayalam".

</doc>
<doc id="19860911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860911" title="Freeze Frame (1992 film)">
Freeze Frame (1992 film)

Freeze Frame is a 1992 television film directed by William Bindley.
Plot.
Lindsay Scott is an intelligent student who works as a reporter for her high school. She undercovers a huge economic-espionage conspiracy. She reports the authorities, but they refuse to believe her. Lindsay and her friends decide to uncover the bad guys themselves and come up with a dangerous plan.

</doc>
<doc id="19860919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860919" title="Wheelchair fencing at the 1964 Summer Paralympics">
Wheelchair fencing at the 1964 Summer Paralympics

Wheelchair fencing at the 1964 Summer Paralympics consisted of seven events.

</doc>
<doc id="19860924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860924" title="SOA4All">
SOA4All

SOA4All or Service Oriented Architectures for All is a Collaborative Project funded by the European Seventh Framework Programme, under the "Service and Software Architectures, Infrastructures and Engineering" research area.
SOA4All is a Networked European Software and Services Initiative (NESSI) Strategic project.
Rationale.
Background.
The concept of SOA has been one of the most visible trends in <abbr title="Information Technology">IT</abbr> field in recent years. Despite its benefits, current SOA solutions are still restricted in their application context to being in-house solutions of companies. While service orientation is widely acknowledged for its potential to revolutionize the world of computing, its success depends on resolving a number of fundamental challenges that SOA does not address today.
Objectives.
The SOA4All project aims at realizing a world where a massive number of parties expose and consume services via advanced Web technology.
The main objective of the project is to provide a comprehensive framework and infrastructure that integrates complementary and evolutionary technical advances into a coherent and domain-independent service delivery platform:
The SOA4All approach to a global service delivery platform can facilitate the creation of service infrastructures and increase the interoperability between large numbers of distributed, heterogeneous and highly dynamic functionalities on the Web.
By exploiting Web 2.0 and semantic technologies in tools offering increased automation and interoperability for service delivery, SOA4All can help new business ideas to be more easily realized and integrated in the upcoming "billions of services" open ecosystems.
Achievements.
Global service delivery platform.
The SOA4All project produced a first instance of a global service delivery platform: the SOA4All Studio. The SOA4All Studio delivers a Web-based user-friendly front-end that enables the creation, provisioning, consumption and analysis of services. The SOA4All Studio consists of subcomponents targeting different service management tasks:
The SOA4All Studio relies on other specialized components - called "platform services" - delivering core functionalities such as discovery, raking and selection, and composition. Such components communicate by means of a distributed service bus.
Collaboration.
SOA4All provided contributions to NEXOF-RA, the project in charge of defining the Reference Architecture of the NESSI Open Framework.
SOA4All is one of the projects that provided scientific foundation to the <abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> <abbr title="Unified Service Description Language">USDL</abbr> Incubator Group Charter.
Dissemination.
As joint dissemination activity with the Future Internet Assembly, in March 2008 SOA4All in collaboration with other European research projects and technology platforms signed the Bled Declaration, a call for concerted European action to redesign the Internet.
Together with other European projects and initiatives, SOA4All co-organized the Semantic Week 2009, an event that saw a variety of projects and initiatives join forces to promote the latest advances in semantic technologies and practices.
SOA4All participated in ICT 2010, Europe's most visible forum for ICT research and innovation. SOA4All's exhibition stand, "The Service Jungle: bringing services to life" demonstrated SOA4All technologies and achievements to several visitors. The stand took second place in ICT 2010 Best Exhibit Awards.
In March 2011 SOA4All released on YouTube a video, "SOA4All in the Future Internet of Services", illustrating its approach and final results.

</doc>
<doc id="19860926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860926" title="History of the Social Democratic Party of Germany">
History of the Social Democratic Party of Germany

The foundation of the Social Democratic Party of Germany (, SPD) can be traced back to the 1860s and for much of the 20th and 21st centuries it has represented the centre-left in German politics. The SPD has had several spells in government, first under Friedrich Ebert in 1918. The party was outlawed in Nazi Germany but returned to government, in 1969, with Willy Brandt. Meanwhile, the East German branch of the SPD merged with the ruling KPD. In the modern Federal Republic of Germany, the SPD is the main opposition to the CDU and was last in office, under Gerhard Schröder, between 1998 and 2005.
Social Democracy in Germany until 1945.
Pre-republic 1863–1918.
The party considers itself to have been founded on May 23, 1863, by Ferdinand Lassalle under the name "Allgemeiner Deutscher Arbeiterverein" (ADAV, General German Workers' Association). In 1869, August Bebel and Wilhelm Liebknecht founded the "Sozialdemokratische Arbeiterpartei" (SDAP, Social Democratic Workers' Party of Germany), which merged with the ADAV at a conference held in Gotha in 1875, taking the name "Socialist Workers' Party of Germany" (SAPD). At this conference, the party developed the Gotha Program, which Karl Marx criticized in his "Critique of the Gotha Program". Through the Anti-Socialist Laws, Otto von Bismarck had the party outlawed for its pro-revolution, anti-monarchy sentiments in 1878; but in 1890 it was legalized again. That same year - on its Halle convention - it changed its name to "Sozialdemokratische Partei Deutschlands" (SPD), as it is known to this day.
Anti-socialist campaigns were counterproductive. 1878-90 was the SPD's 'heroic period'. The SPD's new program drawn up in 1891 at Halle was more radical than the Gotha program, 1875. From 1881-90 the party's support increased faster than any other period. In 1896, the National Liberals and Conservatives in Saxony replaced the democratic vote with a Prussian-style three-tiered suffrage, upper class votes counting the most. They did this to drive out the local SPD which lost its last seat in 1901.However, in the 1903 election the number of socialist deputies increased from 11 to 22 out of 23.
As social democrats could be elected as list-free candidates while the party was outlawed, it had continued to be a growing force in the Reichstag, becoming the strongest party in 1912 (in imperial Germany, the parliamentary balance of forces had no influence on the formation of the cabinet). During this period, SPD deputies in the Reichstag were able to win some improvements in working and living conditions for working-class Germans, thereby advancing the cause of its policies in a general way and securing material benefits for its supporters.
In the Landtag, the SPD was able to extract some concessions from time to time in areas for which the Landtag was responsible, such as education and social policy. In Hesse, the party was successful in demanding that church tax be listed separately in assessments and it was also able to secure improvements in judicial procedure. The SPD also had occasional successes in raising wages and improving the working conditions of municipal labourers.
SPD pressure in the Reichstag in the late nineteenth century secured an undertaking to expand the system of factory inspection, together with the acceptance of a minor reform measure in the system of military service under which the families of reservists, called up for training or manoeuvres, could receive an allowance. In the 1880s, SPD deputies in Saxony successfully agitated in support of improved safety for miners and better control of mines.
Despite the passage of anti-socialist legislation, the SPD continued to grow in strength, as characterised by the steady rise in membership, from 384,327 in the period 1905/06 to 1,085,905 in 1913/14. As a mass party, people from every quarter of German society sought help and advice from the SPD. With its advice service (provided free of charge by the mostly trade union maintained workers’ secretarial offices), the German social democratic movement assisted large numbers of Germans to secure their legal rights, primarily in the field of social security. There also existed a dynamic educational movement, with hundreds of courses and individual lectures, its own theatre performances, libraries, peripatetic teachers, a central school for workers’ education, and a famous Party School. As noted by the historians Susanne Miller and Heinrich Potthoff,
Growth in strength did not initially translate into larger numbers in the Reichstag. The original constituencies had been drawn at the empire's formation in 1871, when Germany was almost two-thirds rural and were never redrawn to reflect the dramatic growth of Germany's cities in the 1890s. By the turn of the century, the urban-rural ratio was reversed, and almost two-thirds of all Germans lived in cities and towns. Even with this gross distortion, the party still managed to become the largest single faction in the Reichstag at the 1912 elections. It would be the largest party in Germany for the next two decades.
In the states of Bavaria, Wurttemberg, Hesse, and Baden, the SPD was successful in extracting various socio-political and democratic concessions (including the replacement of the class-based electoral systems with universal suffrage) through electoral alliances with bourgeois parties, voting for parliamentary bills and state budgets. In the Reichstag, the SPD resorted to a policy of tactical comprise in order to exercise direct influence on legislation. In 1894, the parliamentary SPD voted for a government bill for the first time ever. This provided for a reduction in the import duty on wheat, which led to a subsequent reduction in the price of food. In 1913, the votes of SPD parliamentarians helped to bring in new tax laws which finally affected the wealthy, which were necessary due to the increase in military spending.
The Social Democrats also gave particular attention to carrying out reforms at local level, founding a tradition of community politics which intensified after 1945. The establishment of local labour exchanges and the introduction of unemployment benefits were due not least to the efforts of the SPD. In 1913, the number of Social Democrats on municipal and district councils approached 13,000. As noted by Heinrich Potthoff and Susanne Miller,
“Here, and in their work in the administration of industrial insurance, in community employment offices and courts of arbitration, lay one of the roots of the gradual penetration by the Social Democrats of the imperial German state.”
As a reaction to government prosecution, the Erfurt Program of 1891 was more radical than the Gotha Program of 1875, demanding nationalization of Germany's major industries; still, the revisionism of Bernstein and the increasing loyalty of the party establishment towards Emperor and Reich, coupled with its antipathy toward Tsarist Russia, made it possible that the party under Bebel's successor Friedrich Ebert supported granting war credits to fund the German effort in World War I. 
Interestingly, Bernstein left the party during the first world war, as did Karl Kautsky, who had played an important role as the leading Marxist theoretician and editor of the theoretical journal of SPD, “Die Neue Zeit”. Neither joined the Communist party after the war, but came back to the SPD in the early Twenties. From 1915 onwards the theoretical discussions within the SPD were instead dominated by a group of former anti-revisionist Marxists, who tried to legitimize the support of the First World War by the German SPD group in the Reichstag with Marxist arguments. Instead of the class struggle they proclaimed the struggle of peoples and developed much of the rhetoric later used by Nazi propaganda (“Volksgemeinschaft” etc.). The group was led by Heinrich Cunow, Paul Lensch and Konrad Haenisch (“Lensch-Cunow-Haenisch-Gruppe”) and was close to the Russian-German revolutionary and social scientist Parvus, who gave a public forum to the group with his journal “Die Glocke”. Via the academic teacher of Kurt Schumacher, Professor Johann Plenge, and Schumacher himself there is a group to the current right-wing “Seeheimer Kreis” within the SPD, which was founded by Annemarie Renger, Schumacher's former secretary.
Those who were against the war were expelled from the SPD in January 1917 (including Rosa Luxemburg, Karl Liebknecht and Hugo Haase) - the expelees went on to found the Independent Social Democratic Party of Germany, in which the Spartacist League was a current.
In the 1918 revolution, Ebert controversially sided with the Imperial Army command against communists, while the Reichstag elected him as head of the new government.
A revolutionary government met for the first time in November 1918. Known as the Council of People’s Commissioners, it consisted of three Majority Social Democrats (Friedrich Ebert, Philipp Scheidemann, and Otto Landsberg) and three United Social Democrats (Emil Barth, Wilhelm Dittman, and Hugo Haase). The revolutionary government coped admirably in the face of the social crisis in the German Reich following the end of the First World War, with Germany threatened by hunger and chaos and on edge of the abyss. The needs of the moment, together with the worst consequences of the war, were dealt with by the new government. There was, for the most part, an orderly return of soldiers back into civilian life, while the threat of starvation was combated. Wage levels were raised, universal proportional representation for all parliaments was introduced, and a series of regulations on unemployment benefits, job-creation and protection measures, health insurance, and pensions saw the institution of important political and social reforms. In February 1918, workers made an agreement with employers which secured them total freedom of association, the legal guarantee of an eight-hour workday, and the extension of wage agreements to all branches of trade and industry. The People’s Commissioners made these changes legally binding. In addition, the SPD-steered provisional government introduced binding state arbitration of labor conflicts, created worker’s councils in large industrial firms, and opened the path to the unionization of rural labourers. In December 1918, a decree was passed providing relief for the unemployed. This provided that communities were to be responsible for unemployment relief (without fixing an amount) and established that the Reich would contribute 50% and the respective German state 33% of the outlay. That same month, the government declared that labour exchanges were to be further developed with the financial assistance of the Reich. Competence for job placement was first transferred from the Demobilization Office to the Minister of Labour and then to the National Employment Exchange Office, which ame into being in January 1920.
Weimar Republic (1918–1933).
Subsequently the Social Democratic Party and the newly founded Communist Party of Germany (KPD), which consisted mostly of former members of the SPD, became bitter rivals, not least because of the legacy of the German Revolution. Under Defense Minister of Germany Gustav Noske, the party aided in putting down the Communist and left wing Spartacist uprising throughout Germany in early 1919 with the use of the Freikorps, a morally questionable decision that has remained the source of much controversy amongst historians to this day. While the KPD remained in staunch opposition to the newly established parliamentary system, the SPD became a part of the so-called Weimar Coalition, one of the pillars of the struggling republic, leading several of the short-lived interwar cabinets. The threat of the Communists put the SPD in a difficult position. The party had the choice between becoming more radical (which could weaken the Communists but lose its base among the middle class) or stay moderate, which would damage its base among the working class. In 1928, a small group calling itself Neu Beginnen was formed. In 1931, the Socialist Workers' Party of Germany was formed. In December the Iron Front was founded.
Under Weimar, the SPD was able put its ideas of social justice into practice by influencing a number of progressive social changes while both in and out of government. The SPD re-introduced and overhauled the Bismarckian welfare state, providing protection for the disadvantaged, the unemployed, the aged, and the young. In February 1920, an industrial relations law was passed, giving workers in industry legally guaranteed representation, together with the right to co-determination in cases of hiring and firing, holiday arrangements, the fixing of working hours and regulations, and the introduction of new methods of payment. A Socialisation Law was also passed, while the government adopted guidelines on the workers' councils. In addition to workers' councils at national, regional, and factory level, the government made provision for economic councils in which employers and employees would work together on matters affecting the economy as a whole (such as nationalisation) and lend support to the Weimar parliament. The Law on the Employment of the Severely Disabled of April 1920 stipulated that all public and private employers with more than 20 employees were obligated to hire Germans disabled by accident or war and with at least a 50% reduction in their ability to work. The War Victims’ Benefits Law of May 1920 introduced a more generous war-disability system than had existed in the past. This new piece of legislation took into account all grievances voiced during the war and, for the first time in social legislation in Germany, considered child maintenance in calculating widows’ pensions. The Reich Insurance Code of May 1920 provided war-wounded persons and dependent survivors with therapeutic treatment and social welfare which had the objective of reintegrating handicapped persons into working life. The Cripples' Welfare Act, passed that same month, made it a duty of the public welfare system to assist cripples under the age of 18 to obtain the capacity to earn an income. 
SPD governments also introduced unemployment insurance benefits for all workers (in 1918), trade union recognition and an eight-hour workday, while municipalities that came under SPD control or influence expanded educational and job-training opportunities and set up health clinics. Off the shop floor, Social Democratic workers took advantage of the adult education halls, public libraries, swimming pools, schools, and low-income apartments built by municipalities during the Weimar years, while considerable wage increases won for the majority of workers by the Free Trade Unions between 1924 and 1928 helped to narrow the gap between unskilled and skilled workers. A number of reforms were also made in education, as characterised by the introduction of the four-year common primary school. Educational opportunities were further widened by the promotion of adult education and culture. The SPD also played an active and exemplary role in the development of local politics in thousands of towns and communities during this period. In 1923, the SPD Minister of Finance, Rudolf Hilferding, laid much of the groundwork for the stabilization of the German currency.
As noted by Edward R. Dickinson, the Revolution and the democratisation of the state and local franchise provided Social Democracy with a greater degree of influence at all levels of government than it had been able to achieve before 1914. As a result of the reform of municipal franchises, socialists gained control of many of the country’s major cities. This provided Social Democrats with a considerable degree of influence in social policy, as most welfare programmes (even those programmes mandated by national legislation) were implemented by municipal government. By the Twenties, with the absence of a revolution and the reformist and revision element dominant in the SPD, Social Democrats regarded the expansion of social welfare programmes, and particularly the idea that the citizen had a right to have his or her basic needs met by society at large, as central to the construction of a just and democratic social order. Social Democrats therefore pushed the expansion of social welfare programmes energetically at all levels of government, and SPD municipal administrations were in the forefront of the development of social programmes. As remarked by Hedwig Wachenheim in 1926, under Social Democratic administration many of the country’s larger cities began to become experimental “proletarian cooperatives.”
Protective measures for workers were vastly improved, under the influence or direction of the SPD, and members of the SPD pointed to positive changes that they had sponsored, such as improvements in public health, unemployment insurance, maternity benefits, and the building of municipal housing. During its time in opposition throughout the Twenties, the SPD was able to help push through a series of reforms beneficial to workers, including increased investment in public housing, expanded disability, health, and social insurance programmes, the restoration of an eight-hour workday in large firms, and the implementation of binding arbitration by the Labour Ministry.
In Prussia, (which became an SPD stronghold following the introduction of universal suffrage) an important housing law was passed in 1918 which empowered local authorities to erect small dwellings and buildings of public utility, provide open spaces, and enact planning measures. The law further directed that all districts with more than 10,000 inhabitants had to issue police ordinances regarding housing hygiene. Similar measures were introduced in other areas subjected to the influence of the SPD, which the Reich (also under the influence of the SPD) controlled rents and subsidised the construction of housing.
During the Weimar era, the SPD held the chancellorship on two occasions, first from 1918 to 1920, and then again from 1928 to 1930. Through aggressive opposition politics, the SPD (backed by the union revival linked to economic upsurge) was able to effect greater progress in social policy from 1924 to 1928 than during the previous and subsequent periods of the party’s participation in government.
The SPD’s last period in office was to prove itself a failure, due to both its lack of a parliamentary majority (which forced it to make compromises to right-wing parties) and its inability to confront the Great Depression. In 1927, the defence ministry had prevailed on the government of Wilhelm Marx to provide funds in its draft budget of 1928 for the construction of the first of six small battleships allowed for under the treaty of Versailles, although the Federal Council (largely for financial reasons) stopped this action. This issue played a major role during the 1928 election campaign, with supporters of the proposal arguing that all the possibilities left for German armaments should be fully used, while the SPD and the KPD saw this as a wasteful expenditure, arguing that such money should instead be spent on providing free meals for schoolchildren. The SPD’s lack of a parliamentary majority (which prevented it from undertaking any major domestic reform) meant that, in order to hold the coalition together, Hermann Müller and the other SPD ministers were forced to make concessions on issues such as taxation, unemployment insurance, and the construction of pocket battleships.
Against the votes and wishes of the majority of SPD deputies (including Otto Wels, the effective party leader, who demanded that the funds be spent on free school meals as had been promised during the election campaign), the SPD ministers in Müller’s cabinet (including Müller himself) voted in favour of the first battleship being built, a decision that arguably destroyed the party’s credibility.
Müller’s SPD government eventually fell as a result of the catastrophic effects of the Great Depression. Müller’s government, an ideologically diverse “Grand Coalition” representing five parties ranging from the left to the right, was unable to develop effective counter-measures to tackle the catastrophic effects of the economic crisis, as characterised by the massive rise in the numbers of registered unemployed. In 1928-29, 2.5 million were estimated to be unemployed, a figure that reached over 3 million by the following winter. A major problem facing Müller’s government was a deficit in the Reich budget, which the government spending more than it was receiving. This situation was made worse by the inadequacy of the unemployment scheme which was unable to pay out enough benefits to the rising numbers of unemployed, forcing the government to make contributions to the scheme (which in turn worsened the budget deficit). The coalition was badly divided on this issue, with the SPD wishing to raise the level of contributions to the scheme while safeguarding both those in work and those out of work as much as possible. The right-wing parties, by contrast, wished to reduce unemployment benefits while lightening the tax burden. Unable to garner enough support in the Reichstag to pass laws, Müller turned to Hindenburg for support, wishing him to grant him the use of the emergency powers under Article 48 of the Weimar Constitution so that he did not have to rely on support from the Reichstag.
Müller refused to agree to reductions in unemployment benefit which the Centre Party under Heinrich Bruning saw as necessary. The government finally collapsed in March 1930 when Müller (lacking support from Hindenburg) resigned, a fall from office that according to the historian William Smaldone marked “the effective end of parliamentary government under Weimar.”
On July 20, 1932, the SPD-led Prussian government in Berlin, headed by Otto Braun, was ousted by Franz von Papen, the new Chancellor, by means of a Presidential decree. Following the appointment of Adolf Hitler as chancellor on January 30, 1933 by president Hindenburg, the SPD received 18.25% of the votes during the last (at least partially) free elections on March 5, gaining 120 seats. However, the SPD was unable to prevent the ratification of the Enabling Act, which granted extraconstitutional powers to the government. The SPD was the only party to vote against the act (the KPD being already outlawed and its parliamentary representatives under arrest, dead, or in exile). Several of its deputies had been detained by the police under the provisions of the Reichstag Fire Decree, which suspended civil liberties. However, even if they had all been present, the Act would have still passed, as the 441 votes in favour would have still been more than the required two-thirds majority.
After the passing of the Enabling Act, dozens of SPD deputies were arrested, and several more fled into exile. Those that remained tried their best to appease the Nazis. They voted in favour of Hitler's foreign policy statement of 19 May, in which he declared his willingness to renounce all offensive weapons if other countries followed suit. They also publicly distanced themselves from their brethren abroad who condemned Hitler's tactics. It was to no avail. Over the course of the spring, the police confiscated the SPD's newspapers and property. The party was finally banned on June 19, 1933.
The party was a member of the Labour and Socialist International between 1923 and 1940.
Era of national socialism / SoPaDe (1933–1945).
Being the only party in the Reichstag to have voted against the Enabling Act (with the Communist Party of Germany prevented from voting), the SPD was banned in the summer of 1933 by the new Nazi government. Many of its members were jailed or sent to Nazi concentration camps. An exile organization, known as Sopade, was established, initially in Prague. Others left the areas where they had been politically active and moved to other towns where they were not known.
Between 1936 and 1939 some SPD members fought in Spain for the Republic against Franco and the German Condor Legion.
After the annexation of Czechoslovakia in 1938 the exile party resettled in Paris and, after the defeat of France in 1940, in London. Only a few days after the outbreak of World War II in September 1939 the exiled SPD in Paris declared its support for the Allies and for the military removal from power of the Nazi government.
History after World War II.
From occupation to the Federal Republic.
The SPD was recreated after World War II in 1946 and admitted in all 4 occupation zones. In West Germany, it was initially in opposition from the first election of the newly founded Federal Republic in 1949 until 1966. The party had a leftist period and opposed the republic's integration into Western structures, believing that this might diminish the chances for German reunification.
In the Soviet occupation sector, which later became East Germany, the Social Democratic Party was forced to merge with the Communist Party of Germany to form the Socialist Unity Party of Germany (SED) in 1946. During the fall of Communist rule in 1989, the SPD (first called SDP) was re-established as a separate party in East Germany (Social Democratic Party in the GDR), independent of the rump SED, and then merged with its West German counterpart upon reunification.
Despite remaining out of office for much of the postwar period, the SPD were able to gain control of a number of local governments and implement progressive social reforms. As noted by Manfred Schmidt, SPD-controlled Lander governments were more active in the social sphere and transferred more funds to public employment and education than CDU/CSU-controlled Lander. During the mid-sixties, mainly SPD-governed Lander such as Hesse and the three city-states launched the first experiments with comprehensive schools as a means of as expanding educational opportunities. SDP local governments were also active in encouraging the post-war housing boom in West Germany, with some of the best results in housing construction during this period achieved by SPD-controlled Lander authorities such as West Berlin, Hamburg, and Bremen. In the Bundestag, the SPD opposition were partly responsible for the establishment of the postwar welfare state under the Adenauer Administration, having put parliamentary pressure on the CDU to carry out more progressive social policies during its time in office.
In the Bundestag, The SPD aspired to be a “constructive opposition,” which expressed itself not only in the role it played in framing the significant amount of new legislation introduced in the first parliamentary terms of the Bundestag, but also in the fact that by far the biggest proportion of all laws were passed with the votes of SDP members. The SPD played a notable part in legislation on reforms to the national pensions scheme, the integration of refugees, and the building of public-sector housing. The SPD also had a high profile “in judicial policy with the Public Prosecutor Adolf Arndt, in the parliamentary decision on the Federal Constitutional Court, and reparations for the victims of National Socialism.” In 1951, the law on the right of “co-determination” for employees in the steel, iron, and mining industries was passed with the combined votes of the SPD and CDU, and against those of the FDP.
Governing party from 1966 to 1982.
In 1966 the coalition of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) and the liberal Free Democratic Party (FDP) fell and a grand coalition between CDU/CSU and SPD was formed under the leadership of CDU Chancellor Kiesinger. Changes were made to income maintenance schemes which met some of the SPD’s long-standing demands, while many other social reforms were introduced, including the equalising of wages and salaries between white-collar and blue-collar employees, the continuation of wage and salary payments, a law to promote employment, and a vocational training law. Although these measures were largely due to the efforts of the CDU minister Hans Katzer, it is arguable that he would never have been able to push his programme through the cabinet (let alone envisage it) without the SPD.
The 1969 Employment Promotion Act, which was based largely on a proposal prepared by the SPD in 1966, established active labour market intervention measures such as employment research, and offered “substantial state assistance to employees with educational aspirations.” Under the direction of the SPD Minister of Economics Karl Schiller, the federal government adopted Keynesian demand management for the first time ever. Schiller called for legislation that would provide both his ministry and the federal government with greater authority to guide economic policy. In 1967, Schiller introduced the Law for Promoting Stability and Growth, which was subsequently passed by the Bundestag. Regarded as the Magna Carta of medium-term economic management, the legislation provided for coordination of federal, Lander, and local budget plans in order to give fiscal policy a stronger impact. It also set a number of optimistic targets for four basic standards by which West German economic success would henceforth be measured, which included trade balance, employment levels, economic growth, and currency stability.
One of the rare German Keynesians of that era, Schiller believed that government had both “the obligation and the capacity to shape economic trends and to smooth out and even eliminate the business cycle,” and his adopted policy of Keynesian demand management helped West Germany to overcome the economic recession of 1966/67. Unemployment was quickly reduced (standing at just under 1% by Autumn 1968), while industrial output rose by almost 12% in 1968. The successful economic and financial policies pursued by the Grand Coalition under the direction of Schiller was also helped by the persuasion of entrepreneurs and trade unions to accept a programme of “concerted action.” According to Lisanne Radice and Giles Radice, “concerted action” was not a formal incomes policy, but it did nevertheless ensure that collective bargaining took place “within a broadly agreed view of the direction of the economy and the relationships between full employment, output and inflation.” In addition, Schiller's economic policies were not only successful in restoring West Germany's economic growth, but they also demonsteated the SPD's economic competence, and this undoubtedly played a major role in the victory of the SPD in the federal election of 1969.
In 1969 the SPD won a majority for the first time since 1928 by forming a social-liberal coalition with the FDP and led the federal government under Chancellors Willy Brandt and Helmut Schmidt from 1969 until 1982. In its 1959 Godesberg Program, the SPD officially abandoned the concept of a workers' party and Marxist principles, while continuing to stress social welfare provision. Although the SPD originally opposed West Germany's 1955 rearmament and entry into NATO while it favoured neutrality and reunification with East Germany, it now strongly supports German ties with the alliance.
Under the SDP-FDP coalition, social policies in West Germany took on a more egalitarian character and a number of important reforms were carried out to improve the prospects of previously neglected and underprivileged groups. Greater emphasis was placed on policies favouring single parents, larger families, and the lower paid, and further improvements were made in social benefits for pensioners and disabled persons. Rates of social assistance (excluding rent) as a percentage of average gross earnings of men in manufacturing industries rose during the Social-Liberal coalition’s time in office, while social welfare provision was greatly extended, with pensions and health care opened up to large sections of the population. This in turn substantially increased the size and cost of the social budget, as social program costs grew by over 10% a year during much of the Seventies. Government spending as a percentage of GDP rose significantly under the SPD-FDP coalition, from 39% in 1969 to around 50% by 1982. 
In April 1970, the government drew up an Action Programme for the Promotion of the Rehabilitation of Handicapped Persons. During that same year, bills were tabled to extend and increase housing allowances (passed in 1970), to extend and standardise the promotion of vocational training (passed in 1971), to automatically index pensions for war victims (passed in 1970), to increase family allowances (passed in 1970), and to reform “shop rules” (which came into force in 1972). In 1974, a bankruptcy allowance was introduced for employed persons when their employers became insolvent. Developments in accident insurance led to the inclusion of schoolchildren, students and children at kindergarten and thus to more widespread measures for accident prevention. In addition, farm and household assistance was introduced as a new service in agricultural accident insurance. A major pension reform law extended the accessibility of pension insurance by providing generous possibilities for backpayments of contributions, while adjustment of currently paid out pensions was brought forward by 6 months. The Rehabilitation and Assimilation Law of 1974 improved and standardised benefits for the disabled, while a law was passed that same year on the establishment of an additional relief fund for persons employed in agriculture and forestry. The Law on the Improvement of Works’ Old Age Schemes of 1974 brought conditional non-forfeiture of qualifying periods for works pensions as well as the prohibition of cuts in works pensions due to increases in social insurance pensions. In addition, a number of reforms in areas such as civil and consumer rights the environment, education, and urban renewal were carried out.
Under a law of April 1974, the protection hitherto granted to the victims of war or industrial accidents for the purpose of their occupational and social reintegration was extended to all handicapped persons, whatever the cause of their handicap, provided that their capacity to work has been reduced by at least 50%. Another law, passed in August that same year, supplemented this protection by providing that henceforth the benefits for the purposes of medical and occupational rehabilitation would be the same for all the categories of persons concerned: war victims, the sick, the victims of industrial accidents, congenitally handicapped persons, representing a total of about 4 million persons in all. In addition, a new benefit was introduced to help such people in all branches of social security, taking the form of an adaptation benefit equivalent to 80% of the previous gross salary and to be granted over the period between the time when the person in question is forced to stop work and the time when he resumes work. A law on home-based workers, passed by the Federal Parliament in June 1974, sought to modernise the working conditions of approximately 300 000 people who work at home by means of the following measures: 
• Employers were obliged to inform their home-based workers concerning the method
of calculation and the composition of their pay.
• In order to increase safety at work the employer was obliged to explain accident
risks and dangers to health.
• Home-based workers were now given the opportunity of making contributions
towards asset formation.
• Protection from dismissal was extended. The periods of notice, which are graduated
according to the length of time the worker has been employed, were considerably
increased. In addition, the guarantee of payment during the period of notice was consolidated.
• The agreed wage for the same or equivalent work in industry would be used more
than previously as the standard for wage increases for home-based workers.
• The Law also applied to office work at home, which was becoming increasingly
important and substantial.
Children’s allowances for students up to the age of twenty-seven were introduced, together with a flexible retirement age, new married couples’ and families’ legislation, an extension of co-determination, rehabilitation and special employment rights for the severely handicapped, adjustments and increases in the pensions of war victims, a revision of child benefit, a new youth employment protection law, health insurance for farmers, pension schemes for the self-employed, and guaranteed works’ pensions. Although the principle of the social welfare state was enshrined in the constitution of West Germany, and laws and measures taken (often jointly by the CDU/CSU coalition partners and the SPD) to meet this commitment, it was only when the SPD came to power in Bonn that the provisions of the social welfare system “reached a level which few other countries could equal.”
A number of liberal social reforms in areas like censorship, homosexuality, divorce, education, and worker participation in company management were introduced, whilst social security benefits were significantly increased. Increases were made in unemployment benefits, while substantial improvements in benefits were made for farmers, students, war invalids, the sick, families with many children, women, and pensioners between 1970 and 1975, which led to a doubling of benefit and social security payments during that period. By 1979, old age and survivors’ benefits were 53% higher in real terms than in 1970, while family benefits were 95% higher.
The Second Sickness Insurance Modification Law linked the indexation of the income-limit for compulsory employee coverage to the development of the pension insurance contribution ceiling (75% of the ceiling), obliged employers to pay half of the contributions in the case of voluntary membership, extended the criteria for voluntary membership of employees, and introduced preventive medical check-ups for certain groups. The Law on Sickness Insurance for Farmers (1972) included the self-employed, their dependants and people who receive old age assistance in sickness insurance. The Law on the Social Insurance of Disabled Persons (1975) included in sickness and pension insurance disabled persons employed in workshops and institutions under certain conditions, while a law was passed in June that year to include all students in statutory sickness insurance. Social protection against the risks of an occupational accident, death, disability, and old age was newly regulated in 1974 through a Civil Servant Provisioning Law that was standard throughout the country.
Educational reforms were introduced which led to the setting up of new colleges and universities, much greater access for young people to the universities, increased provision for pre-school education, and a limited number of comprehensive schools. A more active regional and industrial policy was pursued, tighter rules against dismissal were introduced, day care was introduced for children between the ages of three and six, spending on dental services, drugs, and appliances was increased, environmental protection legislation was passed, expenditure on education at all levels was increased, a tax reform bill was passed, lowering the tax burden for low-income and middle-income groups, the average age of entry into the workforce was increased, working time was reduced, social assistance and unemployment compensation were made more generous, early-retirement options were introduced, and municipalities received more generous federal grants to expand social infrastructure such as conference halls, sports facilities and public swimming pools.
Various measures were introduced to improve environmental conditions and to safeguard the environment, the Federal Emission Control Law established the basis for taking of legal action against those responsible for excessive noise and air pollution, the Works’ Constitution Act and Personnel Representation Act strengthened the position of individual employees in offices and factories, and the Works’ Safety Law required firms to employ safety specialists and doctors. An amendment to the Labour Management Act (1971) granted workers co-determination on the shop floor while the new Factory Management Law (1972) extended co-determination at the factory level. This Act acknowledged for the first time the presence of trade unions in the workplace, expanded the means of action of the works councils, and improved their work basics as well as those of the youth councils. A law was passed in 1974 allowing for worker representation on the boards of large firms, although this change was not enacted until 1976, after alterations were made. In 1974, redundancy allowances in cases of bankruptcies were introduced. The Federal Law on Personnel Representation, which came into force in April 1974, gave increased co-management rights to those employed in factories and offices in the public sector. The staff councils were given an increased say in social and personal matters, together with a wider operational basis for their activities in connection with day release and training opportunities. The arrangements governing cooperation between the staff councils and the trade union were also improved. Young workers were given increased rights of representation, while foreign workers received voting rights and thus achieved equality in this respect with German employees.
A new federal scale of charges for hospital treatment and a law on hospital financing were introduced to improve hospital treatment, the Hire Purchase Act entitled purchasers to withdraw from their contracts within a certain time limit, compensation for victims of violent acts became guaranteed by law, the Federal Criminal Investigation Office became a modern crime-fighting organisation, and the Federal Education Promotion Act was extended to include large groups of pupils attending vocational schools. In 1973, the minimum statutory retirement age was reduced from 65 to 63, while “flexible” retirement was provided for those between the ages of 63 and 67.
A law to improve the system of sickness benefits provided that those insured would receive compensation when obliged to stay at home to care for a sick child and thereby incurring a loss of income. An insured person could request unpaid leave of absence on such occasions. The same law established the right to a home help, to be paid for by the health service, where the parents are in hospital or undergoing treatment, provided that the household included a child under 8 or a handicapped child required special care.
A Federal Education Grants Act was also introduced, which opened up better chances of higher education for low-income children. In addition, labor-protection and anti-trust laws were significantly strengthened, while from 1969 to 1975 alone some 140 laws were passed that entitled various socially disadvantaged groups to tax subsidies. During the mid-Seventies recession, eligibility for short-term unemployment benefits was extended from 6 to 12 months, and to 24 months in some cases. Active Labour Market Policies were substantially expanded, with the number of people benefiting from such schemes increasing from 1,600 in 1970 to 648,000 by 1975. In addition, the SPD-FDP government gave more priority to raising minimum housing standards. The Law on Nursing Homes and Homes for the Elderly (1974) sought to guarantee minimum standards in an important area of social services, while the Beratungshilfegesetz (Legal Advice Act) of 1980 strengthened the position of the indigent in need of out of court legal advice and representation.
Wage rates also rose significantly under the coalition, as characterised by a 60% real increase in the hourly wages of manufacturing sector employees between 1970 and 1980. In addition, educational opportunities were significantly widened as a result of policies such as the introduction of free higher education, the raising of the school-leaving age to 16, increased expenditure on education at all levels, and the introduction of a generous student stipend system. Although the coalition failed to restructure the education system along comprehensive lines, the cumulative impact of its educational reforms was such that according to Helmut Becker (an authoritative commentator on German education), there was greater achievement at all levels and the chances of a twenty-year old working-class child born in 1958 going to college or university was approximately six times greater than a similar child born ten years earlier.
In summarising the domestic reforms introduced by the SPD-FDP coalition, historian Reiner Pommerin noted that
“There were few difficulties with the wave of domestic reforms, which the SPD-led coalitions initiated. In fact, the SPD’s domestic reform program was often compared with contemporary American developments, like such as civil rights movement and the Great Society”
As noted further by Henrich Potthoff and Susanne Miller, in their evaluation of the record of the SPD-FDP coalition,
“Ostpolitik and detente, the extension of the welfare safety net, and a greater degree of social liberality were the fruits of Social Democratic government during this period which served as a pointer to the future and increased the respect in which the federal republic was held, both in Europe and throughout the world.”
In 1982 the SPD lost power to the new CDU/CSU-FDP coalition under CDU Chancellor Helmut Kohl who subsequently won four terms as chancellor. The Social Democrats were unanimous about the armament and environmental questions of that time, and the new party The Greens was not ready for a coalition government then.
Kohl lost his last re-election bid in 1998 to his SPD challenger Gerhard Schröder, as the SPD formed a red-green coalition with The Greens to take control of the German federal government for the first time in 16 years.
Schröder government 1998-2005.
Led by Gerhard Schröder on a moderate platform emphasizing the need to reduce unemployment, the SPD emerged as the strongest party in the September 1998 elections with 40.9% of the votes cast. Crucial for this success was the SPD's strong base in big cities and "Bundesländer" with traditional industries. Forming a coalition government with the Green Party, the SPD thus returned to power for the first time since 1982.
Oskar Lafontaine, elected SPD chairman in November 1996 had in the run-up to the election forgone a bid for the SPD nomination for the chancellor candidacy, after Gerhard Schröder won a sweeping re-election victory as prime minister of his state of Lower Saxony and was widely believed to be the best chance for Social Democrats to regain the Chancellorship after 16 years in opposition. From the beginning of this teaming up between Party chair Lafontaine and chancellor candidate Schröder during the election campaign 1998, rumors in the media about their internal rivalry persisted, albeit always being disputed by the two. After the election victory Lafontaine joined the government as finance minister. The rivalry between the two party leaders escalated in March 1999 leading to the overnight resignation of Lafontaine from all his party and government positions. After staying initially mum about the reasons for his resignation, Lafontaine later cited strong disagreement with the alleged neoliberal and anti-social course Schröder had taken the government on. Schröder himself has never commented on the row with Lafontaine. It is known however, that they haven't spoken to each other ever since. Schröder succeeded Lafontaine as party chairman.
A number of progressive measures were introduced by the Schröder Administration during its first term in office. The parental leave scheme was improved, with full-time working parents legally entitled to reduce their working hours from 2001 onwards, while the child allowance was considerably increased, from 112 euros per month in 1998 to 154 euros in 2002. Housing allowances were also increased, while a number of decisions by the Kohl Government concerning social policy and the labour market were overturned, as characterised by the reversal of retrenchments in health policy and pension policy. 
Changes introduced by the Kohl government on pensions, the continued payment of wages in the case of sickness, and wrongful dismissal were all rescinded. In 1999, for instance, the wage replacement rate for sick pay (which was reduced from 100% to 80% of earnings under the previous Kohl Government) was restored to 100%. A programme on combating youth unemployment was introduced, together new measures designed to out a stop to those designating themselves as “self-employed” for tax purposes, and new regulations on 630-DM jobs, which were subject for the first time to national insurance contributions. Tax reforms brought relief to people on low-incomes and benefited families, while a second pillar was added to the pension system which relied on self-provision for retirement.
In the September 2002 elections, the SPD reached 38.5% of the national vote, barely ahead of the CDU/CSU, and was again able to form a government with the help of The Greens. The European elections of 2004 were a disaster for the SPD, marking its worst result in a nationwide election after World War II with only 21.5% of the vote. Earlier the same year, leadership of the SPD had changed from chancellor Gerhard Schröder to Franz Müntefering, in what was widely regarded as an attempt to deal with internal party opposition to the economic reform programs set in motion by the federal government.
While the SPD was founded in the 19th century to defend the interests of the working class, its commitment to these goals has been disputed by some since 1918, when its leaders supported the suppression of more radical socialist and communist factions during the Spartacist Uprising. But never before has the party moved so far away from its traditional socialist stance as it did under the Schröder government. Its ever increasing tendency towards liberal economic policies and cutbacks in government spending on social welfare programs led to a dramatic decline in voter support. The Schroeder Administration presided over a significant rise in poverty and inequality, with the percentage of Germans living in poverty, according to one measure, rising from 12% in 2000 to 16.5% in 2006.
Welfare cuts, which affected mainly the SPD’s clientele, led to disillusionment amongst supporters and precipitated a fall in party membership. For many years, membership in the SPD had been declining. Down from a high of over 1 million in 1976, there were about 775,000 members at the time of the 1998 election victory, and by February 2008, the figure had dropped to 537,995. By early 2009, membership figures had fallen behind the ones of the CDU for the first time ever. 
In January 2005, some SPD members left the party to found the Labour and Social Justice – The Electoral Alternative (WASG) in opposition to what they consider to be neoliberal leanings displayed by the SPD. Former SPD chairman Oskar Lafontaine also joined this new party. (Later, to contest the early federal election called by Schröder after the SPD lost heavily in a state election in their traditional stronghold of North Rhine-Westphalia, the western-based WASG and the eastern-based post-communist Party of Democratic Socialism would merge to form The Left Party, ("Die Linke".) These developments put pressure on the SPD to do something about its social image.
In April 2005, party chairman Franz Müntefering publicly criticized excessive profiteering in Germany's market economy and proposed stronger involvement of the federal state in order to promote economic justice. This triggered a debate that dominated the national news for several weeks. Müntefering's suggestions have been met with popular support, but there has also been harsh criticism not only by the industrial lobby. Political opponents claimed that Müntefering's choice of words, especially his reference to private equity funds as “locusts”, were bordering on Nazi language.
In the German federal election, 2005, the SPD ended up trailing its rivals by less than 1%, a much closer margin than had been expected. Although the party had presented a program that included some more traditional left themes, such as an additional 3% tax on the highest tax bracket, this did not prevent the Left Party from making a strong showing, largely at the SPD's expense. Nevertheless, the overall result was sufficient to deny the opposition camp a majority.
The Merkel-led grand coalition.
In the current German government, the SPD is now the junior partner in a grand coalition with the CDU/CSU under the leadership of Chancellor Angela Merkel, with Frank-Walter Steinmeier as Vice-Chancellor.
However, Müntefering resigned as party chairman and was succeeded as chairman by Matthias Platzeck, minister-president of Brandenburg. Müntefering's decision came after the party's steering committee chose a woman from the left wing of the party, Andrea Nahles, as secretary general over Müntefering's choice, his long-time aide Kajo Wasserhövel. However, after Müntefering said her election indicated that he had lost the confidence of the party and he would therefore resign, Nahles turned down the post of secretary general to prevent the party splitting. Hubertus Heil was elected in her place.
On April 10, 2006 Matthias Platzeck announced his resignation of the Chair because he suffered a major hearing loss in March 2006. The interim Chairman from April 10 to May 14 was Kurt Beck. He won the full leadership on a small party convention on May 14. He resigned on September 7, 2008; on September 8, 2008 the party's executive committee nominated Franz Müntefering to be elected as chairman at an extraordinary party conference on October 18, 2008. In the meantime Frank-Walter Steinmeier serves as provisional chairman.
During the Schröder administration, Schröder and Lafontaine disliked each other, because Lafontaine quit as Finance Minister in 1999. After his resignation there was a huge distrust of Lafontaine in the SPD which lasts to today. However due to the rise of Angela Merkel and Guido Westerwelle on the national stage of politics in 2005 and a belief in the German public of the failed social policies of the SPD on labour issues (Hartz IV), the SPD lost heavily in opinion polls and lost a couple of state-wide elections. So there was the urgency to form new coalitions with the Left who have a similar political agenda than the weakened Green Party or the other conservative parties in Germany. However the leader of the Left was the lost child of the SPD - Oskar Lafontaine - who had fallen out with the SPD. There is a common oath in the SPD not to form coalitions with the Left, because of Lafontaine.
So, a state leader of the SPD - Andrea Ypsilanti - choose to form a minority coalition with the Left in Hesse after a lost state election in January 2008. This decision was heavily criticized by national leaders of the SPD. But the leader at that time - Kurt Beck - was for the coalition in Hesse and supported Ypsilanti. Beck who is a popular minister-president has lost a lot reputation on a national level because of the support. At an emergency session of leaders of the SPD, Kurt Beck resigned the chairmanship of the SPD, because after 8 months there was no coalition and Beck was criticized for supporting Ypsilanti. In November 2008, the Landtag in Hesse was dissolved and there will be new elections in January 2009.
But several other state leaders of SPD have started flirting with the "Left" and today there is a huge struggle in the SPD on how to treat the Left in order to gain Bundesrat seats to be once again a true national party. In November 2008, the SPD was at 25% in national opinion polls, one of the lowest values in recent memory. Furthermore today in the SPD there is rift between two internal factions of the party. One side of the party - the right-wing Seeheimer Kreis refuses to do coalitions with the Left Party. Members of the right-wing include Frank-Walter Steinmeier and Gerhard Schröder. The other side of the party - the political left of the SPD - embraces coalitions with the radical Left. Members include Andrea Ypsilanti and Andrea Nahles.
Also a reason for today's struggle with the Left is that the SPD is currently itself in a national coalition with the conservative coalition. So the SPD is in a dual struggle. At first the struggle for not endangering the national coalition with Merkel and therefore endangering a national political crisis that maybe result in further losses for the SPD. And secondly the struggle for not forgetting the roots where the SPD came from, because the SPD itself is left party, whose political positions have been eaten by the Left party. So the SPD has to position itself again.

</doc>
<doc id="19860946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860946" title="Atalaya, Badajoz">
Atalaya, Badajoz

Atalaya is a Spanish municipality in the province of Badajoz, Extremadura. It has a population of 339 (2007) and an area of 22.7 km².

</doc>
<doc id="19860955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860955" title="Sar (Unix)">
Sar (Unix)

In computing, codice_1 (System Activity Report) is a Solaris-derived system monitor command used to report on various system loads, including CPU activity, memory/paging, device load, network. Linux distributions provide codice_1 through the codice_3 package.
Example.
Displays today's CPU activity so far. You must have permission and the information must be present on the computer.
To add hourly and average CPU usage to a logfile:

</doc>
<doc id="19860987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860987" title="History of Fianna Fáil">
History of Fianna Fáil

Fianna Fáil was founded on 23 March 1926 when a group of deputies led by Eamonn De Valera split from Sinn Féin, and adopted its name on 2 April of the same year.
Founding.
The Fianna Fáil Party was founded by Éamon de Valera when he and a number of other members split from Sinn Féin when his motion which called for elected members be allowed to take their seats in the Dáil if and when the controversial oath of allegiance was removed, failed to pass at the Sinn Féin Ard Fheis in 1926.
De Valera was former Príomh Aire (prime minister & president of Dáil Éireann (April 1919–August 1921) and President of the Republic (August 1921–January 1922). De Valera resigned from the presidency in January 1922 over the Anglo-Irish Treaty which created the Irish Free State. He led anti-Treaty Sinn Féin during the Irish Civil War (1922–23) before resigning from the party in 1926, in protest at the party's hard-line policy of abstentionism, the refusal to accept the legitimacy of the Free State or Dáil Éireann. Though his new party, Fianna Fáil, was also opposed to the Treaty settlement, it adopted a different approach of aiming to republicanise the Irish Free State. As far as the party's economic policies are concerned, the Fianna Fáil's platform of economic autarky had appeal among the farmers, working class people and the poor, whilst initially alienating more affluent classes.
Fianna Fáil initially refused to enter the Irish Free States Dáil Éireann in protest at the Oath of Allegiance which all members of the Dáil were obliged to take. (The Oath, which was contained in the Anglo-Irish Treaty of 1921, was drafted by Michael Collins, using phraseology taken from the Irish Republican Brotherhood's Oath and suggestions from de Valera, then President of the Republic. In its final form, it promised "allegiance" to "The Irish Free State" and "that I will be faithful" to King George V in his role as King of Ireland, "in virtue of the common citizenship".) The party initially took a court case on the issue of the oath. However the assassination of the Cumann na nGaedheal Minister for Justice, Kevin O'Higgins, led the then government to introduce a new Bill, requiring all candidates to swear that they would take the oath if elected. (If they declined to give that guarantee, they would be ineligible to be candidates in any election.) Fianna Fáil abandoned its previous refusal to take the Oath, dismissed it as an "empty formula", and entered the Dáil.
The first party leader was Éamon de Valera. Other founding members included Seán Lemass (who became its second leader), Seán T. O'Kelly, P. J. Ruttledge and others, including the 1916 veteran Constance Markievicz, who chaired the inaugural meeting at the La Scala Theatre in O'Connell Street, Dublin. Its initial appeal was to anti-treaty supporters and working-class people, and it originally had a high proportion of women on its executive. At the 1932 general election, the party did well in western Ireland and in Dublin in the working class districts.
De Valera (1926–59).
On 9 March 1932 Éamon de Valera was elected President of the Executive Council of the Irish Free State. He would be prime minister (titled as President of the Executive Council until 1937 and as Taoiseach after 1937) for 21 years, the first 16 of which were uninterrupted. During his first term de Valera weakened the links between the Free State and Britain. The relations with the United Kingdom rapidly deteriorated. The ban on the Irish Republican Army (IRA) was lifted, the Oath of Allegiance to the British Crown was abolished and the office of Governor-General was greatly demoted. De Valera also started an economic war with Britain by withholding land annuity payments and by placing high tariffs on British imports such as coal. The British responded by placing tariffs on Irish goods such as agricultural produce. This "tit for tat" policy, which was disastrous for the Irish economy, would last until 1938 when the Anglo-Irish Free Trade Agreement was signed.
In May 1936 de Valera abolished the Irish Senate. At that time he also announced his intention to draw up a new constitution. On 1 July 1937 the Irish people adopted the new Constitution of Ireland. This new constitution was republican in all but name. The constitution claimed that the state consisted of the entire island of Ireland and the office of Governor-General was replaced by the President of Ireland. De Valera was able to succeed with this tactic as the 1930s had seen a change in Britain's relationship with her colonies. The Statute of Westminster had declared a national law to be as valid as one from Westminster, and so the Houses of Commons/Lords no longer had a role in turning National bills into Law. It was a delicate political move but one which de Valera managed to execute without major disruption.
In 1939 at the outbreak of World War II de Valera announced that Ireland would remain neutral. Fine Gael TD James Dillon was alone in advocating an alliance with the United Kingdom. This policy infuriated the British; however, Ireland's neutrality strongly favoured the Allies. Following the 1948 general election Fianna Fáil lost power. They returned in 1951 but no new ideas emerged from the Cabinet. Seán Lemass was eager to launch a new economic policy but the conservative elements in the government prevailed. Fianna Fáil lost power again in 1954.
In 1957 de Valera returned for the final time as Taoiseach. At this stage he was 75 years old and almost blind. However, he allowed Lemass to proceed with his economic expansion plan. This culminated in the 'Programme for Economic Expansion' of 1958. In 1959 DeV (as he was popularly called) was elected the third President of Ireland. His successor was his Tánaiste, Seán Lemass.
Lemass (1959–66).
Seán Lemass became the new leader of the Party and Taoiseach on 23 June 1959 (the same day de Valera became President). A founding member of the party, he had been a member of every Fianna Fáil government since 1932.
Lemass as Taoiseach concentrated his energy on mainly economic matters. He had the task of implementing the 'First Programme for Economic Development' which began in 1958. The policy of Protectionism was abandoned and free trade was introduced. Grants and tax concessions were given to companies who set up in Ireland. As a result of the 'Programme' the Irish economy grew at a rate of 4% per annum. A second, even more ambitious, 'Programme for Economic Expansion' was started in 1963.
Lemass' success in managing the economy led to his victory in the 1961 general election. Lemass now felt that he had a greater mandate and began making more changes. He introduced a new wave of fresh and more modern thinkers to the Cabinet, including Brian Lenihan, Charles Haughey, George Colley and Patrick Hillery. Even though this was a minority government it is considered by many the best and most productive government in the history of the state.
The sixties were a time of great change in Ireland. In 1961 RTÉ television began broadcasting, opening up a new world to the Irish people. The following year the Second Vatican Council led to - according to its supporters - greater openness in the Roman Catholic Church, which was still a major force in Ireland. In 1963 the U.S President John F. Kennedy visited Ireland. In 1966 free secondary education was announced by the Minister for Education, Donogh O'Malley.
During this term Lemass began a new policy of reconciliation with Northern Ireland. On 9 January 1965, Lemass travelled to Stormont in great secrecy for talks with Prime Minister of Northern Ireland Terence O'Neill. In February O'Neill returned the compliment and visited Lemass in Dublin.
In November 1966 Lemass announced his resignation as leader and Taoiseach. After fifty years serving Ireland and its people, the founding fathers, Seán Lemass, Seán MacEntee and James Ryan, who had dominated Irish politics for so long, left the stage of history. After their departure a new breed of politics and politician was developing. This can be seen in the leadership race to succeed Lemass as Taoiseach.
Lynch (1966–79).
Jack Lynch was elected the third leader of Fianna Fáil and Taoiseach on 10 November 1966. Frank Aiken, the long-serving Minister for Foreign Affairs and the only surviving member from de Valera's first Cabinet, was appointed Tánaiste. During Lynch's first term as Taoiseach he faced several crises which were unprecedented. In 1969 the Troubles broke out in Northern Ireland. Lynch was determined that the violence would not spread to the Republic and cause a civil war. At the height of the violence he made a famous speech on RTÉ saying that the " government could no longer stand by and watch innocent people be injured or perhaps worse." Many thought that the Republic was about to invade the North, and contingency plans were drawn up by the Irish Army to take Derry and Newry. These were never implemented, as it was believed that to invade the North would have triggered the slaughter of countless Catholics at the hands of their heavily-armed unionist neighbours. Lynch was mostly successful in confining the violence to Northern Ireland. He also established centres to process Catholic refugees.
The following year (1970) Lynch discovered that two government ministers, Charles Haughey and Neil Blaney, had apparently become involved in a plot to import arms for use by the Provisional IRA. Both men were sacked from the Cabinet in what became known as the "Arms Crisis". Later Haughey and Blaney were arrested and put on trial, however, both were acquitted. The crisis led to deep division within Fianna Fáil for some time.
On 1 January 1973, Ireland officially became a member of the European Economic Community (EEC). This was one of the major achievements of Lynch's terms as Taoiseach and one which was started by Lemass over ten years earlier. Following the 1973 general election Fianna Fáil found themselves in opposition. It was the first change of government for sixteen years. The Fine Gael–Labour Party coalition lasted for four years.
In the 1977 general election Fianna Fáil won its biggest ever election victory with a majority of twenty seats. The reasons for its huge victory were the populist economic policies it put forward, the dissatisfaction with the Coalition, the huge popularity of Lynch as leader, and the attempted gerrymander of many constituencies by Minister Tully. However after two years the government grew more and more unpopular. Poor results in the European elections and two by-elections added to the pressure on Lynch and he resigned on 5 December 1979. Two days later a two-horse leadership race between George Colley and Charles Haughey developed.
Haughey (1979–92).
Nine years after the 'Arms Crisis' nearly ended his career Charles Haughey was elected the fourth leader of Fianna Fáil and Taoiseach. Haughey's first term as Taoiseach was dominated by economic problems. Ireland's economy was in a poor state following the oil crisis and foreign debt was spiralling out of control. In the 1981 general election Fianna Fáil received its worst result in twenty years. Haughey and Fianna Fáil found themselves in opposition.
1982/1983 was an extraordinary period for Irish politics. Two general elections were held and there were three attempts to overthrow Haughey as leader of Fianna Fáil. In the February 1982 general election Haughey again failed to win a majority. Several TDs led by Desmond O'Malley challenged Haughey for the leadership but backed down on the day of the vote. Haughey was elected Taoiseach with the help of Independent TDs. In October another attempt to oust Haughey was initiated by Charlie McCreevy. This time the issue was put to a vote but Haughey won easily when an open vote was held. Following the November 1982 general election Fianna Fáil lost power and another leadership battle loomed in Fianna Fáil. In February 1983 another challenge to overthrow Haughey was made. This time a secret ballot was held but the result was practically the same, 40 votes to 33 in favour of Haughey. Fianna Fáil then spent four years in opposition.
Following the 1987 general election Fianna Fáil returned to power but had failed to gain an overall majority. Haughey was narrowly elected Taoiseach. During this term as Taoiseach Haughey concentrated mostly on economic issues, trying to turn around the country's fiscal situation. By that time, Ireland was the sick man of Western Europe and barely escaped having the International Monetary Fund (IMF) take over the economy. In 1989 Haughey tried to pull off what would have been his greatest achievement. He called an early general election in the hope of gaining an overall majority. However, instead of gaining seats Fianna Fáil lost seats and was forced to form a coalition with the Progressive Democrats, a political offshoot, to stay in power. Fianna Fáil had always ruled out coalition government beforehand, and many in the party were unhappy with Haughey's volte-face. This marked the beginning of the end for Haughey.
Following the 1990 presidential election Haughey was forced to sack his Tánaiste and long-time friend, Brian Lenihan. In 1991 Haughey faced a leadership challenge from Albert Reynolds. This challenge was unsuccessful, but it showed that Haughey was losing his grip on the party. In 1992 Seán Doherty placed Haughey at the centre of a scandal regarding the tapping of two journalists' telephones ten years earlier. Haughey had always maintained that he knew nothing about this, but Doherty publicly stated otherwise. This time Haughey's luck had run out and he resigned. Albert Reynolds, who had challenged Haughey in 1991, emerged as the new leader of Fianna Fáil and Taoiseach.
Reynolds (1992–94).
On 11 February 1992, Albert Reynolds was elected Taoiseach. After receiving his seal of office from President Mary Robinson he announced his new Cabinet. Reynolds sacked eight members of Haughey's last administration including Gerry Collins and Ray Burke. Reynolds' cabinet contained many new faces and left much of the 'old guard' out in the cold. Reynolds had hoped to continue in coalition with the Progressive Democrats, however, following the Beef Tribunal the PDs withdrew from government and an election was called.
When the results of the 1992 general election came in it was clear that both Fianna Fáil and Fine Gael had done badly. Labour achieved their best ever result with 33 seats. After negotiations Fianna Fáil entered into a coalition with the Labour Party. Dick Spring of the Labour Party took on the important roles of Tánaiste and Minister for Foreign Affairs.
One of the most important components of Reynolds's period as Taoiseach was the Northern Ireland peace process. The agreement paved the way for an IRA ceasefire in 1994. This was one of the most important achievements of Reynolds's short term.
In 1994 Reynolds and Spring had a disagreement over an appointment of a judge to the Irish Supreme Court. Both men wanted to appoint someone different and both had their own reasons for doing so, with Reynolds's approach to the whole affair causing concern among those who believed in appointing the best qualified candidate. Eventually this disagreement led to the end of Reynolds's period as Taoiseach and he resigned in November 1994. The new leader to emerge was the then Minister for Finance Bertie Ahern.
Ahern (1994–2008).
On 19 November 1994, Bertie Ahern was elected the sixth and youngest ever leader of Fianna Fáil. Ahern was poised to become Taoiseach and continue in coalition with the Labour Party. However, the day before the government was to return, Dick Spring called off the deal and the coalition ended. Instead the Labour Party helped form a new government led by Fine Gael. Ahern now found himself as leader of the opposition, a position which he had not anticipated. Following the 1997 general election, Fianna Fáil formed a government with the Progressive Democrats in which Bertie Ahern was Taoiseach.
The election of Tony Blair in Britain gave renewed hope of an agreement for peace in Northern Ireland, an issue that has traditionally always been an aspiration of Irish Governments. The work of Ahern and his government, as well as that of the relevant power bases in the UK and the US, culminated in the Good Friday Agreement. This agreement was signed by politicians from the Republic, supported by the opposition and politicians in Britain and Northern Ireland and ratified by the electorate on both sides of the Irish border.
During Ahern's first term Fianna Fáil faced increased criticism over payments to politicians. Ray Burke was forced to resign as Minister for Foreign Affairs due to payments made to him, and the late Liam Lawlor was also being investigated over payments he received. Both were eventually jailed. Also, the Moriarty Tribunal revealed details of former leader Charles Haughey's financial affairs.
The results of the 2002 general election left Fianna Fáil short of achieving an overall majority. Fianna Fáil continued in coalition with the Progressive Democrats. It was the first time since 1969 that an Irish government had been re-elected.
In the local elections in 2004, the Fianna Fáil vote dropped significantly, mainly due to bad feeling following budgetary cut-backs required during a short slow down in the economy that followed the events of 9/11.
In response to this, some shifts in policy and a cabinet reshuffle took place in September 2004, including Charlie McCreevy's resignation as Finance minister to join the European Commission.
In November 2004, despite a common perception that the FF/PD Government of over 7 years at that stage represented a considerable shift to the right of Irish Politics, Ahern famously kept a straight face when called himself 'one of the few socialists left'. From that point on, particularly with the appointment of Brian Cowen as Finance Minister, the government dramatically increased spending and reduced taxes. Commentators now believe that these policies not only lay at the heart of the government's future problems but highlighted the unideological centre ground populism of Ahern's leadership. The idea that Ahern had brought FF to the right now seemed uncredible.
Fianna Fáil won 78 seats in the 2007 general election, while their coalition partners, the Progressive Democrats, lost six seats. After the election Fianna Fáil entered into a coalition with the Green Party and the Progressive Democrats, while also being supported three Independent TD's Michael Lowry, Jackie Healy-Rae and Finian McGrath. Ahern was re-elected as Taoiseach on 14 June 2007 for a third term. Ahern gave testimony to the Mahon Tribunal in September 2007 about monies received by him, as large cash sums, in the 1990s. Ahern survived a subsequent vote of no confidence in his leadership in the Dáil, the first "no confidence" Dáil motion debated since 1994.
In December 2007, Fianna Fáil was officially registered as a political party in Northern Ireland.
On 2 April 2008, Ahern announced his resignation from the leadership of Fianna Fáil, effective on 6 May 2008.
Cowen (2008–11).
Following the 2008 leadership election Brian Cowen succeeded Ahern as leader of Fianna Fáil on 6 May 2008 and was appointed Taoiseach on 7 May 2008.
Cowen first faced the rejection of the Treaty of Lisbon by Irish voters in June 2011. In September 2011 following the collapse of Bear Stearns bank and reported problems in a number of Irish banks, particularly Anglo-Irish Bank and AIB, Cowen and his Minister of Finance Brian Lenihan introduced a controversial unilateral bank bailout and a guarantee for a number of Irish Banks.
The controversial emergency budget of October 2008 delivered by Brian Lenihan, Jnr, caused major upset amongst pensioners for removing the automatic medical card for over 70 year olds the decision had to be revised initially twice within a week of delivery to attempt to defuse back bench revolt. This caused a backlash against the government on this issue and on another broken promise regarding school class sizes caused one Fianna Fáil TD Joe Behan resigned. Finian McGrath, an Independent TD who had agreed to support the government, then announced he would be opposing the government. Still however the removal of the universal nature of the medical card was seen as contradicting the long term party policy, which had in the past introduced free bus pass for pensioners, and subsidised Television Licences and Telephone lines.
In 2009, Cowen and Fianna Fáil became further unpopular. The party fared poorly in the 2009 local elections, where they finished second to Fine Gael. The party also lost its sole MEP in Dublin, for European Parliament elections held the same day. In 2010, Minister of Defense Willie O'Dea was forced to resign in an affidavit scandal involving the smearing of a political opponent, in what the Evening Herald described as "two absolutely calamitous weeks". The party's releationship with their Green Party coalition partners also became tense.
Ireland requested financial assistance from the IMF and the ECB in November 2010. It followed several weeks of denials that a bailout was going to happen. Fianna Fáil's opinion poll ratings plunged further in the weeks after the IMF bailout. The party also performed disastrously in a by election in Donegal South–West. The Green Party, the junior coalition partner, effectively withdrew their support for the government and demanded a general election be held in the early part of the new year.
Cowen was also damaged by revelations of a series of meetings he held with Sean FitzPatrick, the then chair of Anglo-Irish Bank before the controversial bank bailout. In January 2011, 6 cabinet ministers resigned within a matter of days. Brian Cowen's attempt to promote junior ministers into the cabinet was blocked by the Green Party and Cowen conceded the election date for March 11. Following the botched reshuffle, Brian Cowen resigned as Fianna Fáil leader on 22 January 2011. He would remain on as Taoiseach until a new Taoiseach was elected. The election was subsequently brought forward to 25 February.
Martin (2011– ).
There were four candidates in the election for the party's eighth leader: Micheál Martin, Brian Lenihan, Mary Hanafin and Éamon Ó Cuív. Martin, who had previously challenged Cohen for the leadership, won the election.
Martin inherited a nearly impossible situation. The party's support had plunged into the low teens, and it was obvious that it would not win a record fifth consecutive term in government. Indeed, soon after taking the leadership, Martin wrote off the election as a lost cause, but hoped to hold on to at least 30 seats.
In the 2011 election, Fianna Fáil suffered the worst defeat of a sitting government in the history of the Irish state, and one of the worst ever suffered by a Western European governing party. The party saw its first-preference vote more than halved, to 17.4 per cent. Without benefit of significant transfers, the party was reduced to a rump of 20 seats, knocking it down to third place behind Fine Gael and Labour. This was easily the worst election result in the party's history; previously, the party had never won fewer than 60 seats in an election.
The most high profile casualty was Tánaiste Mary Coughlan, who lost the seat she had held in Donegal South–West since 1987. Britain's "Guardian" newspaper described it as "Ireland's Portillo moment". Other senior cabinet ministers who lost their seats included Pat Carey and Mary Hanafin, who had just been elected Deputy Leader.
Notably, the party was nearly wiped off the map in Dublin, which had been its power base for over 30 years. Lenihan was the only one of Fianna Fáil's 13 TDs to keep his seat, and even then by a knife-edge. The party also has no female TDs for the first time in years.
For the Seanad elections, Martin recommended support for 10 candidates, in an attempt to bring new blood into the parliamentary party. This caused resentment from the party's councillors and incumbent senators. Only five of the recommended 10 were elected, although the party performed better than expected winning 14 seats.
FF's finances were in considerable strain, with the party having €3.6 million in debts. The party was kicked out of its meeting room in Dáil Éireann which it had been entitled to use as the largest party since the 1960s. The move was resisted by Fianna Fáil TDs with Michael McGrath claiming there was no "genuine" reason to move.
The party also faced a challenge to it holding the chair of the Public Accounts Committee. By tradition the chair of the PAC was held by a member of the largest opposition party. However both Sinn Féin and the Technical group supported the nomination of the Independent Shane Ross. Catherine Murphy, the chief whip of the Technical Group, stated that "there's a certain immorality in holding that position given the history of the party".
On 29 February 2012, Ó Cuív resigned as Fianna Fáil's Deputy Leader and Communications Spokesperson. He resigned from these positions due to dissatisfaction with his party's position on the Fiscal Compact Referendum. Fianna Fáil leader Micheál Martin stated that Ó Cuív would face expulsion from the parliamentary party if he did not vote with the party on the Fiscal Compact in the Dail. Coming just a week before their Ard Fhies, Ó Cuív's resignation caused a split down the middle of the Fianna Fáil party.
In 1993, the then Taoiseach Albert Reynolds and Bertie Ahern, who was then Minister for Finance, wrote to developer Owen O'Callaghan seeking a substantial donation. At the time O'Callaghan was heavily involved in lobbying for state support for a stadium project at Neilstown, County Dublin. According to the report, O'Callaghan felt compelled to donate a sum of IR£80,000 to Fianna Fáil in order to get funding for the stadium. The Mahon Tribunal final report said it did not find the payment to be corrupt. However, the report said pressurising a businessman to donate money when he was seeking support for a commercial project was "entirely inappropriate, and was an abuse of political power and government authority".

</doc>
<doc id="19860990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860990" title="Marc Handler">
Marc Handler

Marc Handler is an American writer, voice director, story editor and producer best known for his work on Cowboy Bebop, Astro Boy, FLCL, Naruto, and Voltron. He is a pioneer in bringing anime to Western audiences, and is the first American to work in Japan as a story editor on a Japanese anime series, Tetsuwan Atomu.
Early life.
He was born and raised in Los Angeles, California. He formed the Subject To Change Theatre Troupe, which was active in political causes such as support for Nelson Mandela in South Africa and women’s rights in America. He earned two Masters degrees from the University of Southern California in directing theatre and writing for film and television.
Career.
Handler wrote original episodes for American animation series such as the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Widget the World Watcher, and Denver, the Last Dinosaur. He became involved in the first major wave of imported anime for Western audiences, writing the English language scripts for Voltron; Saber Rider; and later for Transformers and Eagle Riders. As anime evolved, he worked as a writer and voice director on anime projects that skewed to older audiences such as Cowboy Bebop (TV series and film), Fooly Cooly, , Steamboy, and Metropolis (film). He later worked on Chinese, Korean, Thai, and Singaporean projects for companies such as Sunwoo Entertainment, Goldilocks Studio, and Disney, China. He also voice directed Stephen Chow in Hong Kong for the English dub of Shaolin Soccer, and wrote episodes for the 2011-2012 successful revival of Power Rangers.
Handler has done professional presentations for the Ministry of Culture of the People’s Republic of China in Beijing and for the International Animation Industry Forum in Ningbo, China; has been a judge for the Canadian BANFF awards; has been a guest speaker at Tokyo University; and a guest speaker at San Diego Comic-Con and at various US animation conventions.
He has written two books on writing and presentations which were published by Beijing University Press in China and Freelec Publishers in Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="19860998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19860998" title="A Converted British Family Sheltering a Christian Missionary from the Persecution of the Druids">
A Converted British Family Sheltering a Christian Missionary from the Persecution of the Druids

A Converted British Family Sheltering a Christian Missionary from the Persecution of the Druids is a painting by William Holman Hunt that was exhibited at the Royal Academy in 1850, and is now in the Ashmolean Museum in Oxford. It was a companion to John Everett Millais's "Christ in the House of His Parents". Both artists sought to depict similar episodes from very early Christian history, portraying families helping an injured individual. Both stressed the primitivism of the scene.
Subject.
Hunt's painting depicts a family of ancient Britons occupying a crudely constructed hut by the riverside. They are attending a missionary who is hiding from a mob of pagan British Celts. A druid is visible in the background at left pointing towards another missionary who is being taken by one of the mob. A stone circle is noticeable behind the missionary, but these scenes can only be glimpsed through gaps in the back of the hut used by the Christian family. The contrast between Christian and Druidic symbols is identified by the painting of a red cross over a stone within the Christian family's hut. The presence of the druid presumably locates the intended period of the scene before the Roman conquest of Britain in the mid-1st century, making the missionaries very early ones indeed, although the vestment-like clothes they wear would, even to the well-informed Victorian, suggest a much later period.
Reception.
Hunt's painting was not as controversial as Millais' companion piece, but was heavily criticised for the odd composition and contorted poses of the figures. In 1860 Florence Claxton's painting "The Choice of Paris: An Idyll" (1860), parodied the composition of Hunt's picture, along with other works by the Pre-Raphaelite artists of the previous years. 
Hunt himself continued to believe it to be one of his best works. In 1872, referring to the painting as "the Early Xtians", he wrote in a letter to Edward Lear, stating that "sometimes when I look at the Early Xtians I feel rather ashamed that I have got no further than later years have brought me, but the truth is that at twenty – health, enthusiasm and yet unpunished confidence in oneself carries a man very near his ultimate length of tether."

</doc>
<doc id="19861000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861000" title="Military port of Toulon">
Military port of Toulon

The military port of Toulon (French - "arsenal de Toulon") is the principal base of the French Navy, sited in the city of Toulon. It holds most of France's force d'action navale, comprising the aircraft carriers "Charles de Gaulle" as well as its nuclear attack submarines, in total more than 60% of the tonnage of the French Navy.
The "Rade".
The word "rade" comes from the old English term 'Road,' "a protected place near shore, not so enclosed as a harbour, where ships can ride at anchor.". The Rade of Toulon is one of the best natural anchorages on the Mediterranean, and the largest rade in Europe. It is protected from the sea by the peninsula of Giens and the peninsula of Saint-Mandrier-sur-Mer, and has been used as a military harbour since the 15th century. The Rade shelters the port of Saint-Mandrier-sur-Mer, the port of La Seyne-sur-Mer, as well as the arsenal, or military port of Toulon, and the commercial port.
History.
The 'modern' history of the port begins when Louis XII built his Tour Royale at Toulon in 1514. A naval arsenal and shipyard was built in 1599, and small sheltered harbour, the Veille Darse, was built in 1604-1610 to protect ships from the wind and sea. The shipyard was greatly enlarged by Cardinal Richelieu, who wished to make France into a Mediterranean naval power. In 1680, Jean-Baptiste Colbert, Secretary of State of the Navy and Controller of Finance of King Louis XIV, began building a much larger port, called the Darse Vauban or the Darse Neuve, and shipyard, designed by his commissioner of fortifications, Vauban.
In 1697, Vauban built the impressive corderie, a building designed to make ropes. The corderie, still standing, is 20 metres wide and 320 metres long, built so that ropes could be stretched the entire length of the building as they were twisted together. Power for the ropemaking was provided by convicts from the adjoining prison, who walked in an enormous treadmill. A triumphal gate (now the Museum of the Navy) was added to the Arsenal in 1738.
The Arsenal port was enlarged still further in the 19th century and the 20th century. The construction of the arsenal du Mourillon began at the start of the 18th century, as an extension of the major Toulon arsenal on the roadstead's east coast. Until the 20th century this extension held stores for the wood to build the French Navy. From the late 19th century it was this shipyard that built France's first ironclad frigates then the world's first modern submarines.
Rather than joining the Free French forces in North Africa and to avoid capture by the Germans, the French fleet based at Toulon scuttled itself on 27 November 1942 on the orders of the French admiralty. During the 20th century the Mourillon arsenal was mainly dedicated to submarine activity as a French submarine base until 1940, then a German one from 1940 to 1945, then a dockyard and torpedo factory after 1945. The Arsenal was badly damaged by Allied bombing in World War II, but since has been reconstructed and modernised. It has eleven drydocks for ship repair, the two largest of which are 422 metres by 40 metres. The Arsenal is still the principal military port of France, the home port of the aircraft carrier Charles de Gaulle (R91), France's attack submarine squadron, and the other ships of the French Mediterranean fleet.
The Arsenal is not open to the public, but the Naval Museum at its entrance has a remarkable collection of enormous ship models from the 18th century, used to train the heir to the throne in seamanship, as well as other naval memorabilia. The building of the Corderie can be seen beside the road nearby. Boat tours depart regularly from the waterfront, and allow visitors to have a good look at ships of the French fleet.
Main infrastructures.
The military base is divided into four main zones, each with their own access to the sea. From east to west these are:
The first has two main entrances :
The three other gates are secondary and little used, though still heavily guarded. To the extreme west in the communes of La Seyne-sur-Mer and Ollioules the military base is in contact with the commercial port of Brégaillon, connected to national and regional networks for the supply of artillery munitions and other supplies.
The arsenal du Mourillon, next to the roadstead, is directly accessible via the north arsenal which housed a submarine base until 1945. The south arsenal is accessed by the small slipway of Le Mourillon beside the now-disappeared torpedo factory.
Roads and railways.
The military bases possesses more than 30 km of roads, railway level crossings, traffic lights, signs, etc.. It also has an SNCF rail line running from the station at La Seyne-sur-Mer to the docks via its storage sheds.
Naval installations.
The naval installations of Toulon harbour are, from East to West:
Used to harbour foreign ships, or large ships. Traditionally, this quay was used to honour distinguished ships by putting them into view from the merchant harbour.
The four dry docks are fit for repairs on medium to large craft. The Vaudan dock is used as a mooring for small ships (diver support, mine warfare, tugs, patrol boats) and elder ships.
Harbour the nuclear attack submarines. The quays are fitted with mobile roofs that cover the submarines when their nuclear equipment is being refitted. These quays also comprise a number of dry docks.
The main mooring stations of the harbour, where frigates, aircraft carriers, fleet tankers and landing ships are stationed.

</doc>
<doc id="19861011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861011" title="Samuel Whiting, Jr.">
Samuel Whiting, Jr.

The Reverend Samuel Whiting, Jr. (March 25, 1633 – February 28, 1713) was the first minister of Billerica, Massachusetts, from November 11, 1663, to February 28, 1713.
Biography.
He was the son of the Reverend Samuel Whiting and his second wife, Elizabeth St. John. Elizabeth belonged to the prominent landowning family of St. John of Lydiard Tregoze; she was the sister of Oliver St. John, a leading lawyer and judge who was one of the foremost opponents of King Charles I of England during the English Civil War.
Samuel Whiting, Jr., graduated from Harvard in 1653.

</doc>
<doc id="19861033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861033" title="Croatia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009">
Croatia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009

Croatia were represented at the Eurovision Song Contest 2009, held in Moscow, Russia, by Igor Cukrov feat. Andrea Šušnjara with the song Lijepa Tena (Beautiful Tena) after winning the Croatian national final, Dora 2009.
Dora 2009.
Dora 2009 was held in the Croatian city of Opatija, despite rumours that HRT would move Dora to another city. The contest was the same as last year, with one semi-final, on 27 February, being held before a grand final, held a day later on 28 February. HRT had revealed that Dora 2009 will follow the same format as last year's contest, with a public call for songs by local composers only being held. 14 songs through this method were selected by HRT to compete in the semi-final, with the top six through televoting progressing to the final. They were joined by ten songs submitted by selected composers by HRT, with the winner being selected from these 16 songs by a 50/50 mix of jury and televoting.
The deadline for songs passed on 12 December 2008. The names of the 10 invited composers were revealed on 15 December, while the 14 semi-finalists were revealed on 23 December.
Semi-final.
The Dora 2009 semi-final was held on 27 February 2009 at the Hotel Kvarner in Opatija, and featured 14 songs. The top 6 in a televote passed to the final, where they will be joined by 10 other songs. The songs that will compete in this semi-final were revealed on 23 December 2008, and the draw for the running order was held on 26 February, one fday before the contest.
Boris Novković's song, "Raduj se", had been selected to be performed in the semi-final, however Novković was forced to withdraw from the competition, claiming that he didn't have time to select a performer to his song. His song will be replaced by "Kao jedno", to be performed by runner-up Sandra Bagarić. Goran Karan also pulled out of the semi-final on 2 February as he did not think his song, "Adam i Eva" accomplished all the expectations and is not for the kind of festival where Croatia decides upon their song for Europe. He will be replaced by Mario Battifiaca with "Ma gdje bila".
Final.
The final of Dora 2009 was held a day after the semi-final, on 28 February. The final list of participants in the final of Dora 2009 were released on 28 January 2009, which include Croatian contestants from the Balkan talent show "Operacija trijumf", Ana Bebić and Igor Cukrov. 16 songs in total competred, the 10 automatic finalists as well as the six semi-final qualifiers.
At Eurovision.
Igor and Andrea were forced to compete in the second semi-final on 14 May after Kraljevi ulice and 75 cents came 21st in the 2008 contest. At the semi-final on 14 May the duo performed 1st in the running order, preceding Ireland. The duo qualified to the final as the jury's selected qualifier. In the final they performed 5th, following Sweden and preceding Portugal, eventually finishing 18th.

</doc>
<doc id="19861034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861034" title="Clinical Ovarian Cancer &amp; Other Gynecologic Malignancies">
Clinical Ovarian Cancer &amp; Other Gynecologic Malignancies

Clinical Ovarian Cancer & Other Gynecologic Malignancies is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by Elsevier. It covers research on the detection, diagnosis, prevention, and treatment of ovarian cancer. Specific areas of interest include clinical research and mechanistic approaches, drug sensitivity and resistance, gene and antisense therapy, pathology, markers, and prognostic indicators, chemoprevention strategies, multimodality therapy, and integration of various approaches.
Abstracting and indexing.
The journal is abstracted and indexed in CINAHL, EMBASE, and Chemical Abstracts.
Article types.
The journal publishes editorials, original research papers, reviews, current treatment reports, case reports, brief communications, current trials, translational medicine pieces, and a "Meeting Highlights" section.

</doc>
<doc id="19861054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861054" title="John Elphinstone">
John Elphinstone

John Elphinstone, also known as John Elphinston, (1722 - 1785, aged 63), was a senior British naval officer who worked closely with the Russian Navy after 1770, with approval from the Admiralty, during the period of naval reform under Russian Empress Catherine II. Together with the Scottish-born Samuel Greig, or Samuil Karlovich Greig (Самуил Карлович Грейг), as he was known in Russia, and Admiral Sir Charles Knowles, Elphinstone was a member of the naval staff, headed by Count Alexei Grigoryevich Orlov, which though it lacked naval experience, was able to defeat the Turkish fleet in Chesma Bay, near Chios Island, in the far western coast of Izmir, Turkey on 6 July 1770, at the Battle of Chesma.
Catherine II of Russia drew on the experience of British naval personnel through the networking in London of the British Ambassador in St. Petersburg from 1769 to 1771, Lieutenant-General Charles Cathcart, 9th Lord Cathcart. He was married to Jane Hamilton, but Jane's death in Saint Petersburg during an outbreak of the plague, prompted his return to Britain.
The vanity of Count Orlov, who having no experience at naval warfare, tried to minimise the importance of the support of the British admirals led him to resign his post, and he returned home at the end of the war against the Turks. Russian naval history, however, tells that he did not resign by his own choice but rather was put out of command after his ship-of-line, Svyatoslav, sat on the reef and was subsequently burned after six-days efforts to move her. The pilot for this unhappy and not approved by Orlov raid was British and Elphinstone's protegee, court-martialled and sentenced to death later, but somehow managed to escape and flee. Elphinstone himself never was sentenced, but was dismissed from the service and had to return home. His memoirs were understandably biased after that and met with harsh reprimand from Yekaterina The Great, who went even to calling him a madman.
Later, John Elphinstone held several further commands, including the 74-gun during Admiral Sir George Rodney's West Indian Campaign of 1779-80.
There is no mention of his role in the catching of La Havane in 1762.

</doc>
<doc id="19861061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861061" title="I've Got a Tiger By the Tail (album)">
I've Got a Tiger By the Tail (album)

"I've Got a Tiger by the Tail" is an album by Buck Owens and his Buckaroos, released in 1965. It reached Number one on the Billboard Country charts and Number 43 on the Pop Albums charts.
It was re-released on CD in 1995 by Sundazed Records with two bonus tracks, both live performances recorded in Bakersfield, CA at the Civic Auditorium in October 1963. The album appears in the book 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die.
Track listing.
Side two.
1995 bonus tracks:

</doc>
<doc id="19861088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861088" title="Madeleine Peters">
Madeleine Peters

Madeleine "Maddy" Peters (born March 30, 1996) is a Canadian actress, singer, dancer and voice-actress. Madeleine Peters has been performing since the age of six. She began in musical theatre as a trained singer, dancer and stage actress, and is now a voice actress whose credits include multiple seasons of several internationally aired animated series. She is best known for the voice of Helen Lorraine in the PBS Kids television series "Martha Speaks" and the voice of Scootaloo in the TV series, "".

</doc>
<doc id="19861097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861097" title="Le Mourillon">
Le Mourillon

Le Mourillon is a small seaside neighborhood to the east of the French city of Toulon, near the entrance to the "Rade" or roadstead. It was once a fishing village, and then became the home of many of the officers of the French fleet and to part of the naval dockyard. Mourillon has a small fishing port, next to a 16th-century fort, Fort Saint Louis, which was reconstructed by Vauban. In the 1970s the city of Toulon built a series of sheltered sandy beaches in Mourillon, which today are very popular with the Toulonais and with naval families. The Museum of Asian Art is located in a house on the waterfront near Fort St. Louis.

</doc>
<doc id="19861102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861102" title="Tom Quigley">
Tom Quigley

Thomas "Tom" Quigley is a former politician from Pennsylvania. He represented the 146th Legislative District in Pennsylvania House of Representatives for four terms. He sat on the House Education, Finance and Liquor Control Committees. Quigley lost the campaign for representative of the 146th Legislative District of Pennsylvania against Democratic opponent Mark Painter in 2012.
Career.
Quigley was elected mayor of Royersford in 2001. Previously, he was a Royersford Borough Councilman from 1999 to 2001. Shortly before his tenure as a state representative, Quigley worked as a project leader for an investment firm.
Personal.
Quigley earned his bachelor's degree in Business Management from Philadelphia University in 1986 and his Master of Business Administration from Philadelphia University in 1993.
He resides in Royersford.

</doc>
<doc id="19861136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861136" title="2008 Andersen Air Force Base B-2 accident">
2008 Andersen Air Force Base B-2 accident

The Andersen Air Force Base B-2 accident was a February 2008 incident when the "Spirit of Kansas", a B-2 Spirit stealth heavy bomber, crashed on the runway shortly after takeoff from Andersen Air Force Base in Guam. The incident marks the first operational loss of a B-2 bomber. Both crew members successfully ejected but the aircraft was destroyed.
Description.
On 23 February 2008, a B-2 crashed on the runway shortly after takeoff from Andersen Air Force Base in Guam. The crash of the "Spirit of Kansas", "89-0127", which had been operated by the 393rd Bomb Squadron, 509th Bomb Wing, Whiteman Air Force Base, Missouri, and which had logged 5,100 flight hours, was the first ever crash of a B2.
The two-officer crew attempted to save the bomber, but as one of its wings began to "hook" the ground, they ejected from the aircraft and survived the crash. The aircraft was destroyed, a total loss estimated at US$1.4 billion.
According to the "Air Force Times", which is a private-industry magazine, no munitions were on board. The Air Combat Command accident board report states that "classified material" had been loaded onto the bomber the morning the aircraft was returning to Whiteman Air Force Base "after a four-month deployment in support of Air Force's continuous bomber presence."
At Guam Naval Hospital, one pilot was evaluated and released, and the second remained hospitalized. A B2 already in the air was called back to Andersen following the crash, where it and the other B2s were grounded until an initial investigation into the crash was complete. Six B-52s of the 96th Bomb Squadron, 2d Bomb Wing at Barksdale Air Force Base, Louisiana were deployed to replace the B2s.
The commander of the 509th Bomb Wing, Brig. Gen. Garrett Harencak, followed up on the incident by temporarily suspending flying operations for all 20 remaining B2s to review procedures. Harencak termed the suspension a "safety pause" and stated that the B2s would resume flying if called upon for immediate operations. The B2 fleet returned to flight status on 15 April 2008.
The findings of the investigation stated that the B-2 crashed after "heavy, lashing rains" caused water to enter skin-flush air-data sensors. The data from the sensors are used to calculate numerous factors including airspeed, altitude, and attitude. Because three pressure transducers had been improperly calibrated by the maintenance crew due to condensation inside devices, the flight-control computers calculated inaccurate aircraft angle of attack and airspeed. Incorrect airspeed data on cockpit displays led to the aircraft rotating 12 knots slower than indicated. After the wheels lifted from the runway, which caused the flight control system to switch to different control laws, the erroneously sensed negative angle of attack caused the computers to inject a sudden, 1.6g, uncommanded 30-degree pitch-up maneuver. The combination of slow lift-off speed and the extreme angle of attack (and attendant drag) resulted in an unrecoverable stall, yaw, and descent. Both crew members successfully ejected from the aircraft soon after the left wing tip started to gouge the ground alongside the runway. The aircraft impacted the ground, tumbled, and burned after its fuel ignited.

</doc>
<doc id="19861137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861137" title="John Ingram">
John Ingram

John Ingram may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19861142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861142" title="IEEE 1451">
IEEE 1451

IEEE 1451 is a set of smart transducer interface standards developed by the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) Instrumentation and Measurement Society’s Sensor Technology Technical Committee describing a set of open, common, network-independent communication interfaces for connecting transducers (sensors or actuators) to microprocessors, instrumentation systems, and control/field networks. One of the key elements of these standards is the definition of Transducer electronic data sheets (TEDS) for each transducer. The TEDS is a memory device attached to the transducer, which stores transducer identification, calibration, correction data, and manufacturer-related information. The goal of the IEEE 1451 family of standards is to allow the access of transducer data through a common set of interfaces whether the transducers are connected to systems or networks via a wired or wireless means. 
The 1451 family of standards includes:

</doc>
<doc id="19861162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861162" title="Hexanone">
Hexanone

Hexanone may refer to the following ketones containing six carbon atoms:

</doc>
<doc id="19861166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861166" title="Evangelisch-Lutherische Gebetsbruderschaft">
Evangelisch-Lutherische Gebetsbruderschaft

Evangelisch-Lutherische Gebetsbruderschaft ("Evangelical Lutheran Prayer Brotherhood") is a German Lutheran religious society for men and women, based on the doctrines of the Holy Bible and Book of Concord, with regular prayer for the renewal and unity of the Church.
Prayer Brotherhood was founded in Leipzig by Lutheran theological students. The main objectives in the beginning were Augsburg Confession, regular Eucharist on Sundays, and the daily office with mutual prayer. 
The Brotherhood uses its own breviary, the "Breviarium Lipsiensae: Tagzeitengebete" (“Leipzig Breviary: Prayer of the Times of the Day”). It is one-volume breviary, in German with occasional Latin, containing a lectionary and four liturgical hours per day, with all 150 psalms, divided for four weeks. Musically it is descendant of the Alpirsbach movement. The Leipzig Breviary is also the main source for "The Brotherhood Prayer Book" of the North American confessional Lutheran "Lutheran Liturgical Prayer Brotherhood".
The Evangelical Lutheran Prayer Brotherhood includes members and pastors of the Evangelical Church in Germany as well as of the Independent Evangelical-Lutheran Church in Germany. The Brotherhood is led by "Ältester". The "Ältester" of the Brotherhood is Jobst Schöne, bishop emeritus of the Independent Evangelical-Lutheran Church. 

</doc>
<doc id="19861197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861197" title="James W. Murphy Stakes">
James W. Murphy Stakes

The James W. Murphy Stakes is an American Thoroughbred horse race run annually at Pimlico Race Course in Baltimore, Maryland. Open to three-year-old horses, it is contested over a distance of one mile on turf.
Beginning with the 2010 race, the Woodlawn Stakes was renamed the James W. Murphy Stakes in honor of the late trainer, James W. Murphy, a stalwart on the Maryland racing circuit. The race is run on the third Saturday of May on the Preakness Stakes undercard. The race was originally named in honor of the Woodlawn Vase. Due to heavy rains, the 2008 edition had to be switched from the turf to 1 1/16 miles on the muddy main track. 
The race attracts a different type of horse than the older Dixie Stakes, also run on the turf at Pimlico on that same day. First and most importantly, the Woodlawn is run at one mile, which is considered a sprint on the turf, while the Dixie is run at 1-1/8 miles. Horses from the Woodlawn will typically be candidates for the Breeders' Cup Mile later in the year, while Dixie Stakes horses will typically target the Breeders' Cup Turf. The Woodlawn is also restricted to only horses that are three years old, while the Dixie is for any horse three years old and up.
Artie Schiller in 2004 and English Channel in 2005 are the only Woodlawn Stakes winners to go on and win a Breeders' Cup race. 
The Woodlawn Stakes was run as a Handicap race in 1966. The race was taken off the turf and run on the main track in 1967, 1975–1978, 1980, 1981, 1988–1990, 1997, 1998 and 2003. The Woodlawn Stakes was an American Grade III stakes race between 1973 through 1989.
The race was run in two divisions in 1986, 1985, 1981, 1975, 1974, 1973, 1971, 1969 and 1968.
Records.
Speed record: 
Most wins by a jockey:
Most wins by a trainer:
Most wins by an owner:
Winners of the James W. Murphy Stakes since 1966.
A # signifies that the race was run in two divisions in 1985, 1981, 1975, 1974, 1973, 1971, 1969 and 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="19861198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861198" title="Conrad Feger Jackson">
Conrad Feger Jackson

Conrad Feger Jackson (September 11, 1813 – December 13, 1862) was a businessman and soldier from the state of Pennsylvania who served as a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War. He was killed in action during the Battle of Fredericksburg.
Early life and career.
Jackson was born in Alsace Township in Berks County, Pennsylvania, to a family of Quakers. His father, Isaac Jackson, despite his religious beliefs, had joined the United States Army during the War of 1812, and died six years later from disease contracted while in the service. After the death of his father, young Jackson moved into the household of an uncle in Chester County and was educated in local Quaker schools. As a young man, he worked in a commission warehouse in Philadelphia, but subsequently resigned to become a conductor on the Philadelphia and Reading Railroad. In 1845, he was appointed by President James K. Polk as a lieutenant in the revenue service, and subsequently was sent to Mexico as the bearer of dispatches to General Winfield Scott during the Mexican-American War.
After the war, Jackson returned to Pennsylvania, settling in Pittsburgh. He was actively involved in a local militia company. In the later 1850s into the following decade, Jackson was a manager of a petroleum oil company in the Kanawha Valley region of western Virginia.
Civil War.
With the secession of Virginia in early 1861, Jackson immediately resigned his position, returned to Pennsylvania and organized what became the 9th Pennsylvania Reserve Regiment in the Pittsburgh region. Governor Andrew G. Curtin appointed him as its colonel. He served with distinction during the 1862 Peninsula Campaign and was commended for his gallantry and on July 17 promoted to brigadier general in command of the 3rd Brigade of the Pennsylvania Reserves. He subsequently led his brigade during the Northern Virginia Campaign at the Second Battle of Bull Run, and later that summer and autumn in the Maryland Campaign. He fought at the battles of South Mountain and Antietam.
At Fredericksburg in mid-December, he led his brigade forward toward the right wing of the Confederate forces. His division commander, fellow Pennsylvanian George G. Meade, later wrote:
General Jackson had ridden forward to give the contemplated order; but before he could relay it, he was struck in the head by a Confederate volley that also killed his aide. In mentioning his death, Meade wrote, "The public service has also to mourn the loss of Brigadier-General C. Faeger Jackson, an officer of merit and reputation, who owed his position to his gallantry and good conduct in previous actions."
Jackson's body was taken from the field three days after his death and transported back to Pittsburgh for his funeral. He was buried in the Allegheny Cemetery in Pittsburgh.
Fort Jones in Pittsburgh was referred to as Fort Jackson in his honor, although the fort was never formally renamed.

</doc>
<doc id="19861205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861205" title="Kolachalam Srinivasa Rao">
Kolachalam Srinivasa Rao

Kolachalam Srinivasa Rao (Telugu: కోలాచలం శ్రీనివాసరావు) (March 13, 1854 - June 23, 1919) was a noted dramatist from Bellary. 
A pleader and a non-professional theatre practitioner from Bellary, Srinivasa Rao belonged to the family of Mallinatha Suri, the world-famous writer acclaimed as "Vyakyatha Shiromani". Srinivasa Rao became famous after publishing the English translation of "Prapancha Nataka Charitra (The Dramatic History of the World)" (Vanivilasa Press, Bellary) in 1908. His family was a very learned one. Even in childhood he was accomplished in Sanskrit and Telugu, and was familiar with Kannada. English was acquired at school. He took to Law. Srinivasa Rao's second elder brother Venkata Rao was a lawyer and in a high position, who was later elected as a member of the Madras Assembly. Under the guidance of his elder brother, Srinivasa Rao's literary effort flourished without a break. He was further helped by the local environment in Bellary where the drama movement was flourishing with redoubled vigour. In such a conducive atmosphere, wrote his magnum opus, as well as dramas, commentaries on the Vedas and other literary works. His first drama was "Sunandini Parinayam", published around 1894-95, after which he wrote about 30 plays. A large number of these plays were performed by their drama company "Sumanorama Sabha". Bellary Raghava and Srinivasa Rao worked closely in running the affairs of the "Sabha". 
Sumanaroma Sabha staged two or three plays in the hall of the Sarasa Vinodini Sabha, and the plays were well received. When Sarasa Vinodini Sabha later refused to lend the hall to them, Srinivasa Rao build a new hall for the Sumanorama Sabha, called "Vanivilasa Nataka Shala", which was inaugurated by Balgangadhar Tilak. This was the first theatre building in Bellary, the second one being "Ramakrishna Vilas" (after Dharmavaraṃ Rāmakr̥ṣṇamācāryulu). Both of these were later converted into cinema theatres - Ramakrishna Vilas renamed "Star Cinema", and Vanivilas Nataka Shala renamed "Prabhat Cinema".
In the preface of his magnum opus, he points to the decadence that had set into Indian language theatres at that point in time, in part because of the decline in morality in the practice of theatre. Finally, after surveying theatre traditions from Japan to the Americas, he provided an exclusive appendix, a list of ""rules"" like by-laws for contemporary theatre practitioners. Among his recommendations: "Till Hindu society is fully developed physically, greatly reformed morally, and vastly improved intellectually, do not allow a woman to become an actress. Hindu customs and manners do not allow such a course being taken"

</doc>
<doc id="19861214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861214" title="French frigate Minerve (1809)">
French frigate Minerve (1809)

Minerva was a 48-gun frigate of the Portuguese Navy. She was captured by the French in November 1809, then taken into service as "Minerve".
Career.
In November 1809 "Minerva" sailed to Brazil, under Captain Pinto.
On 22 November 1809 she encountered the French frigate "Bellone", under Captain Duperré. The distance between the two ships being too great for Duperré to catch them before nightfall, he shadowed "Minerva" until the next morning. On 23, at 9:00, "Bellone" had taken a favourable position behind "Minerva", at pistol range. Understanding the advantage that this configuration gave to "Bellone", Pinto turned, but the French followed and fired a raking broadside. Pinto then turned the other way, only to receive another broadside. Eventually, "Minerva" ran downwind, but "Bellone" followed and maintained fire, until "Minverva" surrendered. The fight had lasted for one hour and forty-five minutes. 
"Minerva" was recommissioned as Minerve, and her command was given to Pierre Bouvet. Duperré, hindered by the damage sustained by "Bellone", the reduction and dispersion of his crew over his prizes, and the 500 prisoners he had aboard, decided to return to Ile de France, where he arrived on 2 January 1810, accompanied by "Manche" which they had met en route.
She was repaired and reconditioned, with her carronades replaced with 18-pounder short guns.
The two ships sailed together, capturing the East Indiamen "Windham" and "Ceylan" in the Action of 3 July 1810. Returning to Île de France, the squadron fought in the Battle of Grand Port.
"Minerve" was surrendered to the British after the Invasion of Île de France in December 1810, and was broken up shortly thereafter.

</doc>
<doc id="19861227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861227" title="Barcarrota">
Barcarrota

Barcarrota is a Spanish municipality in the province of Badajoz, Extremadura. It has a population of 3,664 (2007) and an area of 136.1 km².
Barcarrota was the location of the Battle of Villanueva de Barcarrota (1336), in which Castilian troops decisively defeated a Portuguese army.

</doc>
<doc id="19861237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861237" title="Wiltshire Library and Information Service">
Wiltshire Library and Information Service

Wiltshire Library and Information Service is a county-wide network of public libraries based in Trowbridge, Wiltshire, England. It is part of Wiltshire Council. Its strapline is: "Love Reading, Love Libraries".
There are 31 public libraries and 5 mobile libraries, including one which specifically visits residential homes. The smallest ten libraries are still stocked with books and funded by the council, but are staffed by volunteers. Volunteers have also helped extend opening hours in some medium sized libraries. 
The libraries offer a selection of:
They can also provide access to:
Library users can search the library catalogue and reserve items they wish to borrow and have them delivered from any Wiltshire Library to their nearest library. They can also check their borrower record and renew items.
Library staff have produced some lists of recommended or interesting titles, and many library users are now writing their own reviews. Some libraries may also be taking part in some local or national book promotions. As of Autumn 2011 promotions include "Space and Time" at Bradford on Avon Library, and crime promotions to tie in with the Specsavers Crime Thriller Awards and CWA Dagger Awards at Marlborough, Melksham, Salisbury, Warminster and Wootton Bassett Libraries. 
In 2008 and 2009 some particularly successful events included those featuring aliens, monsters, and characters from Star Wars and daleks from "Doctor Who" at Chippenham Library], Corsham Library, Calne Library, Devizes Library Salisbury Library, and Bradford on Avon Library. More than 2,000 people attended the event at Chippenham, and more than 3,000 attended the event at Salisbury. Footage is still available on YouTube, for example of the events at Calne and Salisbury.
Author events continue in 2012, with events already being lined up with Sophie Hannah, Mavis Cheek, and Graham Seed (actor, and until recently Nigel Pargeter in BBC Radio 4's "The Archers"). More events will be announced shortly, many in partnership with regional literature agency Cyprus Well.
As we head into 2012 the service is also planning to launch a Twitter feed and an e-book lending.

</doc>
<doc id="19861242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861242" title="Alalcomenaeus">
Alalcomenaeus

Alalcomenaeus is one of the most widespread and longest surviving arthropod genera of the Early and Middle Cambrian. Known from over 300 specimens in the Burgess shale, and the Chengjiang, it bears great similarity to the opabiniids.
Morphology.
"Alalcomenaeus" had three median eyes; two stalked, more lateral eyes; a triflagellate great appendage; and two more head appendages posterior to that. Like its body appendages, these were biramous — their inner branch was spiny, segmented, flexible and leg-like, while the outer portion had a large surface area and resembled a flap.
"Alalcomenaeus" reached about 6 cm in length, although many smaller specimens are known. Its head was covered with a shield, and its eleven body segments were also covered with an exoskeleton. Its body terminated with a paddle-like telson ("tail") which probably helped to propel the organism; this ended with long flat spikes in the plane of the tail fin.
Ecology.
The organism probably swam, wafting its outer flap-limbs in waves along its body to gain propulsion, in the manner of "Anomalocaris". Its inner limb branches do not appear to be optimised for walking, although it is possible they helped the organism move along the sea floor. A variety of other functions have been suggested, such as clinging to algal fronds; they seem best suited to grabbing onto, and tearing up, other animals, suggesting that the organism was probably a scavenger. However its large eyes and the long flagella on its great appendages, combined with its large feeding apparatus and the spines on its inner limb branches, are more consistent with a predatory lifestyle, and the most recent interpretation has it feeding on organisms that lived on or in the surface of the sea floor.
Affinity.
"Alalcomenaeus" was initially thought to fall in the stem group to the crustacea, and was placed in a clade with "Leanchoilia", "Actaeus" and "Yohoia". It has more recently been placed with the Opabiniids, mainly on the basis of its great appendage. More up to date analyses place it along with "Leanchoilia" and "Yohoia" as well as "Sanctacaris, Habelia, Sarotrocercus "and "Sidneyia", somewhere within the arachnomorpha. The closeness of "Sanctacaris" and "Leanchoilia" has been supported by subsequent work, and "Actaeus" is often excluded from such works as it is poorly understood. The recently described "Dicranocaris" appears to be very closely related indeed to "Alalcomenaeus".
Distribution.
"Alalcomenaeus" is very rare in the Walcott quarry of the Burgess Shale, so was described on the basis of half a dozen specimens. As other exposures of the Burgess shale were unearthed, it became apparent that the creature was in fact a dominant member of the fauna. It has also been discovered in the Chengjiang and from Utah, giving it a long stratigraphic range.

</doc>
<doc id="19861245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861245" title="Syberia (disambiguation)">
Syberia (disambiguation)

Syberia is a computer adventure game released in 2002.
Syberia may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19861251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861251" title="Ecodrive">
Ecodrive

EcoDrive is a free software codeveloped by Microsoft and Fiat Automobiles. It was unveiled at the 2008 Paris Motor Show and its aim is to allow drivers to reduce their fuel consumption and pollution emissions. It is now available for Fiat 500 and Fiat Grande Punto and in 2009 it will be available throughout the whole FIAT range equipped with Blue&Me.
When the car is being driven, ecoDrive collects all the data about emission and fuel consumption, by saving them to a USB key linked to the Blue&Me device. Afterwards, users can analyse and improve their results by connecting the USB key to a domestic computer. Moreover, ecoDrive allows users to receive driving tips on how to achieve a lower environmental impact and share experiences throughout an on-line community called ecoVille.

</doc>
<doc id="19861261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861261" title="Mauricio Alpízar">
Mauricio Alpízar

Club career.
Alpízar played for Municipal Liberia, Club Sport Herediano and Puntarenas FC in the Primera Division de Costa Rica.
International career.
Alpízar made three appearances for the Costa Rica national football team, all of them at the UNCAF Nations Cup 2003.
Alpízar has also played for Costa Rica at the 1999 FIFA World Youth Championship in Nigeria.

</doc>
<doc id="19861269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861269" title="Nolan Gerard Funk">
Nolan Gerard Funk

Nolan Gerard Funk is a Canadian actor, singer, and dancer, known for his performance as Hunter Clarington in the musical comedy-drama television series "Glee" and Conrad Birdie in the 2009 Broadway revival of the musical "Bye Bye Birdie".
Life and career.
Funk started out as a national gymnast and diver. He received his first break when cast, opposite Tammin Sursok, in the starring role of the Columbia Records/Nickelodeon movie Spectacular!. Funk also appeared opposite Jennifer Lawrence, Max Thieriot, and Elisabeth Shue in "House at the End of the Street", which was released theatrically by Relativity Media on September 21, 2012. Funk recently shot "Evidence" opposite Stephen Moyer for the producers of "Drive" and starred in the ABC Family Pilot "Intercept" which the network recently announced they were not picking up. He also plays Collin in Awkward.
On January 12, 2009, he had his first live concert performance, appearing at New York City's Hard Rock Cafe. He also had guest roles in the television series Castle and Supernatural.
Funk played the title role of singer Conrad Birdie in the revival of the Broadway musical "Bye Bye Birdie", with a limited run at Henry Miller's Theatre from September 10, 2009 (previews) through January 24, 2010.
Funk recently completed filming the third movie in the Chronicles of Riddick series with Vin Diesel. He plays a mercenary named Luna. The film was released on 26 September, 2013. He shot a starring role in "The Canyons" opposite Lindsay Lohan, directed by Paul Schrader, written by Brett Easton Ellis. Funk joined the cast of "Glee" in October 2012 in a recurring role. He plays the new frontman of the Dalton Academy Warblers, Hunter Clarington. Funk also featured in "Awkward" third season. Funk appears in Versace's spring/summer 2014 campaign photographed by famed photographers Mert Alas & Marcus Piggott. 
Awards.
In 2007, Funk was nominated for a Leo Award in the "Best Performance or Host in a Youth or Children's Program or Series" category for his work on "Renegadepress.com".

</doc>
<doc id="19861275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861275" title="Elland Power Station">
Elland Power Station

Elland Power Station was a coal-fired power station situated on a loop of the River Calder, north east of the town of Elland in West Yorkshire.
History.
The construction of Elland Power Station was planned in 1945. Building work began in 1951. The first generating unit began generating electricity on 7 August 1959, but didn't officially open and begin generating at full capacity until 28 April 1961. The station used three 60 megawatt (MW) generating sets. Later in the 1960s, the station won an award for it clean and efficient operation.
Coal was delivered by train on the adjacent Calder Valley Line and moved around the site using 0-4-0 shunters. "Elland No. 1", a CEGB 0-4-0 diesel shunter is preserved at Mangapps Railway Museum, Burnham-on-Crouch, Essex.
On 22 November 1971, the station's conveyor belt was destroyed in a fire. After the UK's electric supply industry was privatised in 1989, the station was operated by PowerGen. The station closed in 1991 before being demolished in 1996. The station's site is now the site of Lowfields Industrial Estate although the associated switching substation was retained and remains in use.

</doc>
<doc id="19861283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861283" title="Segmental duplication">
Segmental duplication

Segmental duplications (SDs) are segments of DNA with near-identical sequence. 
Segmental duplications give rise to low copy repeats (LCRs) and are believed to have played a role in creating new primate genes as reflected in human genetic variation. In humans, chromosomes Y and 22 have the greatest proportion of SDs: 50.4% and 11.9% respectively.
Detection method.
The two widely accepted methods for SD detection are whole genome assembly comparison (WGAC) and whole genome shotgun sequence detection (WSSD).

</doc>
<doc id="19861306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861306" title="Jaime Correa (footballer)">
Jaime Correa (footballer)

Jaime Correa Córdoba (born 6 August 1979 in Durango), also known as "El Alacran" (the scorpion) or "El Motor" (the motor), is a Mexican football defensive midfielder currently playing for Zacatepec in the Ascenso MX. On 21 May 2010, Correa was traded from Pachuca to San Luis. San Luis outbid Puebla to get Correa. Correa made his debut for the Mexican national team in the 2007 Copa America match against Brazil (2–0 victory).
International Caps.
"As of 12 November 2008"
Club honours.
C.F. Pachuca

</doc>
<doc id="19861351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861351" title="Nuna (disambiguation)">
Nuna (disambiguation)

Nuna is a series of solar-powered vehicles.
Nuna may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19861352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861352" title="Insomnia Publications">
Insomnia Publications

Insomnia Publications Ltd was a British comic book publishing company.
History.
Insomnia was an independent comics publisher founded by Managing Director Crawford Coutts in 2006 to publish his own work. It was based in Edinburgh, Scotland, with various partners in London, Dundee and Vancouver.
Insomnia began publishing "Layer Zero" in 2007, an anthology title as showcase for new creators.
2009 saw the release of "Cancertown" and "Cages", the first Insomnia Graphic Novels by which the company would make its name as an independent publisher, focussed on "instant trades" or "albums" in the European model, along with art portfolio books. It was also one of the first independent companies to partner with Sony to bring digital comics to the PSP.
Insomnia books are aimed at teen/mature readers and most have an 18+ age rating. The focus is on stories which are unusual, literate, challenging and thought-provoking.
In 2009 Insomnia launched the Vigil imprint for "Bio-Graphic Novels", starting with "Burke and Hare".
Following internal problems in early 2010, Insomnia Publications filed final accounts with Companies House on 30 June 2010.On the 20 August 2010, Crawford Coutts issued a statement released creators from their contracts with the company.
Titles.
Vigil.
Titles in the Virgil "Bio-Graphic Novels" imprint include:
Art books.
Art books include:

</doc>
<doc id="19861361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861361" title="NYC Social Sports Club (NYCSSC)">
NYC Social Sports Club (NYCSSC)

The NYC Social Sports Club (NYC Social) offers co-ed adult sports leagues in New York City. The Club offers four 10-week seasons each year, as well as pickup games and individual tournaments and parties.
Overview.
NYC Social regularly offers full seasons of dodgeball, kickball, bowling, broomball, flag football, ultimate frisbee, volleyball, soccer, inner tube water polo, trivia and other social sports. Most sports are played in Manhattan, with some in Brooklyn. The club has also organized charity tournaments involving games such as flip cup, rock-paper-scissors, and four square.
On its website, the club emphasizes the social aspect of its leagues. Each league has a 'sponsor bar' where the players have a chance to meet each other over drinks. There are post-game bar socials after each game.
History.
The Club was started in July, 2004 by Amy Short. It began with 60 active members. As of late 2010, the club services over 10,000 members annually. The club continues to grow: As of mid-2012, it has boasted over 20,000 members.
Past sports, not currently offered, include mini golf and wiffleball.
Charities.
NYC Social Sports Club has donated to several charities. The money is raised by organizing flip cup tournaments, held at one of its sponsor bars. To date, the club has donated to the Thomas G. Labrecque Foundation, Rwanda Building Blocks, the Imette St. Guillen Memorial Scholarship Funds, the Food Bank For New York City, the Empire State Aids Ride, the National Multiple Sclerosis Society, and the Boys and Girls Soccer Club of Burundi's Ruyigi Province.
Media.
The Club has been featured in several media outlets, including "The New York Times", "Good Morning America", "Time Out (magazine)", "The Village Voice", "New York Post", "AM New York", "Thrillist", and "Columbia News Service".

</doc>
<doc id="19861366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861366" title="Nuna, Poland">
Nuna, Poland

Nuna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nasielsk, within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Nasielsk, north-east of Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki, and north of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19861374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861374" title="Uclick">
Uclick

Uclick LLC was an American corporation (a division of Andrews McMeel Universal) selling "digital entertainment content" for the desktop, the web and mobile phones. The company owns and operates several consumer websites, including the comic strip and editorial cartoon site GoComics and the puzzle and casual game sites ThePuzzleSociety.com and UclickGames.com.
From January thru July 2009, Andrews McMeel Universal had a series of layoffs due to consolidation of departments and corporate restructuring. This decision affected the uclick division which was later consolidated into the syndicate unit.
Uclick content includes comic strips, editorial cartoons, puzzles, casual games, manga, comic books, syndicated columns, photography and illustration. Uclick content is distributed online through consumer and news web portals such as Yahoo!, MSNBC.com, New York Times, washingtonpost.com, CNN, USA TODAY, and AOL. Comic strip and cartoon content from uclick is available online and on mobile phones through the company’s website, UCLICK.com.
In July 2009, Uclick merged with Universal Press Syndicate to form Universal Uclick.
Comic strips and panels.
As the digital entertainment division of Andrews McMeel Universal, Uclick is the official online distributor of all comic strips syndicated by Andrews McMeel Universal's newspaper syndication division, Universal Press Syndicate. Uclick also owns and operates GoComics, a comics aggregate website featuring not only comic strips currently syndicated by Universal Press Syndicate, but also webcomics, discontinued titles such as Calvin and Hobbes, The Boondocks and Bloom County, original works like The New Adventures of Queen Victoria and , and a selection of syndicated comic strips from Creators Syndicate and Tribune Media Services.
In October 2008, Uclick launched a GoComics gadget for iGoogle which allows users to read comic strips on their iGoogle pages.
Puzzles and games.
Uclick distributes daily puzzles and casual games through consumer and news web portals as well as through its own puzzle and game portals, The Puzzle Society and UclickGames. Uclick products include crosswords and other word games, number placement puzzles like Sudoku and Kakuro, jigsaw puzzles and other casual games.
Photography and illustration.
Uclick photography and illustration wallpapers for mobile phones include the work of such artists as Thomas Kinkade, Wyland, Paul Frank, and artists and program content from MTV.
Syndicated columns and text features.
Uclick syndicated columns and text features are distributed online through consumer and news web portals as well as through Uclick's syndicated column and text feature consumer site, uExpress.com.
Comic books and manga.
In 2006, Uclick launched the United States’ first comic book reader application for mobile phones. The introductory line of titles included "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles", "The Five Fists of Science", "GODLAND", "PvP", and "Too Much Coffee Man". In July 2006, Uclick announced the launch of a mobile phone version of "Guilstein", a manga and anime title that had never been published in any form in the U.S. In July 2007, Uclick launched Thunder Road, the first comic book produced solely for mobile phone distribution in the U.S. Uclick has since added titles from Devil's Due Publishing, Image Comics, IDW Publishing, and independently published books such as Jeff Smith’s "Bone".

</doc>
<doc id="19861390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861390" title="First Frost">
First Frost

First Frost is the eleventh album release and ninth and final studio album by The Lucksmiths released in October 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19861398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861398" title="The Incredible Maze">
The Incredible Maze

The Incredible Maze is a WiiWare game developed and published by Digital Leisure. The game is compatible with both the Wii Remote and the Wii Balance Board and costs 500 Wii Points. 
It was released in North America on October 20, 2008,in Europe on October 24, 2008, and in Japan on December 8, 2009.
Gameplay.
"The Incredible Maze" involves the player navigating a ball through many different mazes by either twisting the Wii Remote or shifting their weight on the Balance Board to tilt the maze around the ball. The player must avoid letting the ball fall into holes or slipping off the sides while also using objects such as jump pads, sliding blocks and warp zones to get them through the maze.
The game also features a Challenge mode, where the player hunts for gems within a time limit, and a Time Attack mode in which they must find their way through the maze in the fastest time possible.
Reception.
Most reviews were generally negative against the game, with it scoring a 27 from 6 reviews at Metacritic. WiiWare World scored the "The Incredible Maze" a 2/10, calling it a "legitimate mess" with poorly designed stages, unreliable controls that left the game "practically unplayable with a Wii Remote" and an amateurish presentation with "rudimentary" graphics they felt were "some sort of bad joke". IGN scored the game a 2.5/10, calling it "unbearably bad" and harshly criticized the sensitive control schemes and basic presentation of the game. NGamer called it "a hairy wart on WiiWare's beautiful face".
In contrast, Review Busters scored the game an 8/10, calling it "a basic game that is fun for an hour or two at a time ... For what you pay for, there is enough here for a lot of fun with your friends and family." Glide Underground gave it the Editor's Choice award, noting that "For a solid and innovative take on a classic game that expands it to a whole new wealth of possibilities. I don't see a downside here, and it's certainly worth the risk, especially for parents worrying about their young kids getting "violent" games. Plus, it's something else to do with your "Wii Fit" board. Pick it up if you have the chance." Frictionless Insight scored the game 2.5/5, saying that ""The Incredible Maze" is a bare-bones entrant into the tilting maze genre, but has two things going for it. "The Incredible Maze" costs little, at 500 points ($5), and so is easy to pick up and play without having to make a larger (guilty) purchase."

</doc>
<doc id="19861428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861428" title="The Gala Ensemble">
The Gala Ensemble

The Gala Ensemble are a British group of five opera singers formed by SonyBMG in 2008 to record and perform the works of Gilbert & Sullivan. Their repertoire includes songs from "The Pirates of Penzance", "H.M.S. Pinafore" and "The Mikado". 
The ensemble consists of Sally Johnson (soprano), Elinor Moran (soprano), Hannah Pedley (mezzo-soprano), Jonathan Prentice (baritone) and Richard Knight (tenor). The musical director is Marcus Marriott. The group were assembled by Sony Records, which released their first recording, "The Best Of Gilbert & Sullivan", on 24 November 2008.
Members of the group.
Sally Johnson was born in Liverpool and grew up in Penrith. 
Elinor Moran (born 1980) from Stoke-on-Trent, England, was a student at Chetham's School of Music in Manchester before moving to London to study voice at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama. She is also a member of the touring troupe Mid Wales Opera and a singing coach. This is her first recording. 
Hannah Pedley was born in Leeds and teaches singing at the Royal Ballet School.
Jonathan Prentice from Bournemouth has performed regularly as a principal with the Candlelight Opera Company in productions such as "Don Giovanni" and "Rigoletto". Prentice appears on the recording "A Christmas Choral Spectacular".
Richard Knight from Lichfield trained at the Birmingham Conservatoire.
Marcus Marriott is the musical director.
"The Best of Gilbert and Sullivan".
Sony BMG released the Gala Ensemble's first recording, "The Best Of Gilbert & Sullivan", on 24 November 2008. Several previous compilation recordings by the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company and others have been called "The Best of Gilbert and Sullivan" including a Sony Classical Records release in 2000. 
The disc has 15 tracks and a running time of 36 minutes. To promote the album the Gala Ensemble performed on "The Alan Titchmarsh Show" and "BBC Breakfast News" in 12 November 2008.
Critical reception.
Few newspapers have reviewed the album. The online edition of the "Leicester Mercury" concluded, "I don't think this album will attract many G&S converts, and seasoned buffs will probably just dust off their original recordings." The review at "A Gilbert and Sullivan Discography" said: "This is not an updating of these pieces, it is a bastardisation. This recording deserves outright condemnation ... support for this disc is support for the end of live G and S as we know it. It sets a precedent that electronic falsifications of this music are acceptable.
The album appeared at the launch of The Specialist Classical Chart in the UK for the week commencing 25 January 2009. It became the first #1 ranked album on the chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19861429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861429" title="Albert Frey (SS officer)">
Albert Frey (SS officer)

Albert Frey (16 February 1913 – 1 September 2003) was a Standartenführer (Colonel) in the 1st SS Division Leibstandarte SS Adolf Hitler. He was born on 16 February 1913 in Heidelberg, the son of a master baker. In December 1933 he joined the SS-Verfügungstruppe.
In 1937 as an SS Oberscharführer (Staff Sergeant), he attended the SS Junker school at Brunswick where he came out in the top 12 on the course.
In March 1938 he was promoted to an SS-Sturmfuhrer (Second Lieutenant) and was posted as a platoon commander to the 1st SS Division Leibstandarte "Adolf Hitler" Regiment.
On 20 April 1939 he was again promoted to SS-Obersturmführer (First Lieutenant )and given command of the 9th company of the Leibstandarte, for the Poland Campaign and the Battle of France.
In November 1940 he took command of the 1st Company "LSSAH" which he commanded throughout the Balkans Campaign. After the start of Operation Barbarossa he was in July 1941 given command of the 3rd Battalion "LSSAH". With this battalion he had a decisive impact on the subsequent battle, capturing a bridge over the Mius north of Taganrog. The bridge was then attacked by three Russian armored trains. Despite severe losses all three armored trains were destroyed. For this action Frey was awarded the German Cross in Gold. Frey proved himself again in the fighting at Kharkov through his personal courage and leadership of his battalion.
On April 20, 1942, he was promoted to SS-Sturmbannführer (Major) and in July 1942 he took over the 1st battalion of the newly established 1st SS Panzer-Grenadier Regiment "LSSAH".
For his achievements during the battle between the Donetz and Dnepr at the beginning of 1943, he was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross, and a short time later he was appointed commander of the 1st SS Panzer Grenadier Regiment. He had a brief deployment in Italy, where he convinced an Italian General it was better to surrender than fight. He captured 10.000 prisoners.
He quickly returned to the Eastern Front for the Battle of Kursk where he commanded a battle group, consisting of his regiment, a Panther tank Battalion, an assault gun Company and an artillery Battalion, which fought in the Kiev region. For this successful defence, he received on 27 December 1943 the oak leaves to the Knight's Cross. In March 1944 he was given command of the 1st SS Panzer Division "Leibstandarte SS Adolf Hitler" and transferred to the area Kamenez – Podolsk.
In June 1944 the Division was in France for the Battle of Normandy, during which Frey was seriously wounded and had to give up command of the Division.
Later in August 1944, he became a staff officer in the headquarters of 6th SS Panzer Army. At the end of the war he was a liaison officer to the Gauleiter for the Upper Danube. He subsequently fled abroad so as to escape captivity.
Albert Frey and his wife Lotte died in the morning of September 1, 2003 in Heilbronn.

</doc>
<doc id="19861483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861483" title="Rosie Napravnik">
Rosie Napravnik

Anna Rose "Rosie" Napravnik (born February 9, 1988) is an American Thoroughbred horse racing jockey. Since beginning her career in 2005, she has regularly been ranked among the top jockeys in North America in both earnings and total races won. she has been in the top 10 by earnings for two years in a row and is the highest-ranked woman jockey in North America. In 2011 she won the Louisiana Derby and was ninth in the 2011 Kentucky Derby with the horse Pants On Fire. In 2012, she broke the total wins and earnings record for a woman jockey previously held by Julie Krone, in the process becoming the first woman rider to win the Kentucky Oaks, riding Believe You Can, and only the second woman jockey to win a Breeders' Cup race, winning the Breeders' Cup Juvenile on Shanghai Bobby. Napravnik's fifth-place finish in the 2013 Kentucky Derby and third in the 2013 Preakness Stakes on Mylute are the best finishes for a woman jockey in those two Triple Crown races to date, and she is the only woman to have ridden in all three Triple Crown races.
Background.
Napravnik was born in her grandmother's home in Mendham, New Jersey, on February 9, 1988. Shortly after birth she was sent to a hospital in Morristown, New Jersey, often mistakenly stated to be her location of birth. Her father Charles is a farrier and her mother Cindy ran a boarding and training stable. She has one older sister, Jasmine (known as "Jazz"), and a brother, Colt. Napravnik began working with horses and riding in pony races at a very young age. Her first horse-related injury was a broken arm that occurred when she fell off a pony at age four. By the age of seven, inspired by the documentary "Jewels of the Triple Crown", she had decided that she wanted to become a jockey who rode Triple Crown races. She spent most of her childhood in New Jersey, but lived briefly in Vermont with her mother after the divorce of her parents, though she spent summers with her sister Jazz, who was living in Maryland and Pennsylvania. 
By early adolescence, Napravnik, along with her sister, went to work for trainers Lilith Boucher, Bruce Miller and Jack Fisher. By age 13, she worked for steeplechase trainer Jonathan Sheppard. At 15, she decided to take a year off from employment in the horse industry to spend time with friends and to be an ordinary teen. But at 16, Napravnik went to live with her sister at the farm of trainer Holly Robinson in Maryland, and Robinson sent her to work for trainer Richard "Dickie" Small. Napravnik began exercising Small's race horses in 2004. That year, she attended both Hereford High School and night school, but left high school before her senior year to begin racing as a professional jockey. She later passed her high school equivalency GED test.
In 2011, Napravnik became engaged to Joe Sharp, and they married that October. Sharp was a former jockey, and is now an assistant trainer to Mike Maker. Sharp has a daughter, Aiyana, from a previous relationship. Napravnik is tall and weighs about .
Career.
Napravnik obtained her jockey license in 2005 at Pimlico Race Course. She won her first race as a licensed jockey on June 9 of that year, riding Small's horse, Ringofdiamonds. She initially rode under the name "A.R. Napravnik" to conceal her gender. Napravnik broke her left collarbone in a track accident that November and was sidelined for almost six weeks.
Napravnik established herself as a top-ranked jockey in 2006 when she finished 30th in national earnings and fifth in total wins with 300 victories on 1,465 mounts and purse winnings of $6,395,075. At Laurel Park Racecourse, she won her first stakes race. One of her most high profile wins was in a race that was on the undercard for the 2006 Preakness. She won riding titles in 2006 at all four meets at the major Maryland tracks, one at the annual meet at Pimlico, and the other three at Laurel Park. Napravnik was runner-up to Julien Leparoux for the Eclipse Award for Outstanding Apprentice Jockey that year.
When a horse fell with her in a January 2007 race at Laurel Park, Napravnik suffered three compression fractures of her thoracic vertebrae and was out for several weeks to recuperate. In July, after recuperating from the Laurel Park injuries and shortly after returning to racing, she had another fall that resulted in a major break to her wrist, subsequently repaired with a plate. In spite of her injuries and layoff, she still rode 507 races with 89 winners in 2007. 
In 2008, Napravnik was the most successful rider in Maryland with 101 wins. Riding a total of 893 races with 176 wins, she finished 62nd in earnings for the year, even though she broke her leg in a racing accident at Delaware Park Racetrack in August, resulting in a three-month layoff. She moved to Aqueduct Racetrack in New York in November 2008, and in 2009 finished 38th in national earnings with 184 victories out of 1,109 mounts and with earnings of $5,176,563. 
In 2010, Napravnik began riding at Fair Grounds Race Course in New Orleans, Louisiana. Initially, she faced some of the most significant problems in her career with intimidation by the male jockeys, but overcame the challenge by refusing to give ground. She earned the respect of her male colleagues, and by 2013 was viewed as one of the most popular jockeys at the Fair Grounds. That year, she won her first graded stakes race, the Grade III Cicada Stakes at Aqueduct.
Napravnik began 2011 with a win in the Louisiana Derby, riding Pants on Fire, becoming the first woman to win that race. She then became only the sixth woman to ride in the Kentucky Derby. riding Pants on Fire to a 9th place finish, the best placing for a woman rider in the history of the Derby to that date. She also was second in the 2011 Kentucky Oaks, riding a longshot filly named St. John’s River. In July of that year, Napravnik fractured her arm again when the horse she was riding broke down on the track and fell. This time the fracture was just above the plate in her wrist that had repaired her first break, an injury that required a three-hour surgery and replacement of the wrist plate with a larger one. 
In 2012 Napravnik became the first female jockey to win the Kentucky Oaks, riding Believe You Can. The race was also her first Grade I win. She then rode in the Belmont Stakes for the first time, finishing fifth aboard Five Sixteen. Later that year, she won the Breeders' Cup Juvenile aboard Shanghai Bobby, becoming only the second woman jockey to win a Breeder's Cup race. Her injury for 2012 was relatively minor: a non-displaced fracture of her toe, obtained when her horse hit the side of the starting gate at Saratoga. She finished the race and returned to ride the next day. She ended the year placing 8th in national earnings, winning $12,451,713, which surpassed the earnings and national placing record for a female jockey previously held by Julie Krone. As a result, sports analysts viewed her as the most successful woman jockey since Krone.
Napravnik began the 2013 year by winning the leading rider title at the Fair Grounds for the third time. She had hopes of riding Shanghai Bobby, who was undefeated in five races, in the 2013 Kentucky Derby, but he suffered a pelvic fracture at the Florida Derby and missed the Triple Crown races. She was able to pick up another horse for the Derby, Mylute, with whom she broke her previous Kentucky Derby finish record, taking fifth.
Napravnik rode in the Preakness Stakes for the first time in 2013, finishing third on Mylute. In doing so, she was only the third woman to ever ride in the Preakness, the first since 1994, and had the highest-placed finish for any woman jockey in that race. Adding the Preakness to her 2011 Kentucky Derby and 2012 Belmont races, she also became the first woman ever to have ridden in all three Triple Crown races. She then rode the filly Unlimited Budget to a 6th place finish in the 2013 Belmont, becoming the first woman to ride all three Triple Crown races in the same year.
In 2013, Napravnik also was named captain of the three member "Girls' Team" for the Shergar Cup jockey competition at Ascot Racecourse in the United Kingdom where she was the leading female rider of the team. In October, she became the first woman to win the leading rider title at Keeneland Race Course. She rode Untapable in the Breeders' Cup Juvenile Fillies, but finished eighth, having to check the filly to avoid another horse that fell during the race. She finished the year eighth in earnings at $13,242,202, breaking her own record from 2012, and was fifth in total wins.

</doc>
<doc id="19861511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861511" title="Harry Lumsden">
Harry Lumsden

Harry Lumsden may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19861550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861550" title="Anthony Guiseppi-Elie">
Anthony Guiseppi-Elie

Anthony "Tony" Guiseppi-Elie, Sc.D., FAIMBE (born October 8, 1954, in Trinidad and Tobago) is noted for his research and commercial development of biologically inspired and chemically responsive polymers that combine hydrogels possessing biologically inspired moieties with one-dimensional organic conductors (conductive polymers and carbon nanotubes). The resulting stimuli-responsive polymers are being developed as smart materials for controlled drug release, biosensors and for use in bionics. Tony is noted for his contributions to work on the development of controversial implantable biochips, DNA microarrays, and for his Guiseppi Prediction (...continued progress in the density of molecular recognition features on biochips will approach single molecule detection - by analogy to Moore's Law). Tony is also founder, president and scientific director of ABTECH Scientific, Inc.a professor of Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering, a professor of Bioengineering and a professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering. As director of the Center for Bioelectronics, Biosensors, and Biochips [http://www.biochips.org/, he purses the development of electronic noses, implantable biochips and implantable bio-smart materials for human health applications. He obtained his Sc.D in Materials Science and Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, his M.Sc. in Corrosion Science and Chemical Engineering from the University of Manchester Institute of Science and Technology and his B.Sc. in Applied and Analytical Chemistry from the University of the West Indies. His work has resulted in the commercialization of a wide variety of biochip substrates used in BioMEMS devices (Lateral Flow Bioassays and Microfluidic Devices) and his implantable biochip is under commercial development at ABTECH Scientific, Inc.
Dr. Anthony Guiseppi in News and Media.
SC BUSINESS
The work and accomplishments of Guiseppi-Elie profiled as the January 2008 Centerfold in SC Business – The state-wide journal of the SC Chamber of Commerce.
[http://southcarolinasccoc.weblinkconnect.com/CWT/EXTERNAL/WCPAGES/MediaCenter/Dr._Anthony.aspx]
MIT TECH TALK
New technique may speed DNA analysis Lauren J. Clark, MIT School of Engineering, May 18, 2005
[http://web.mit.edu/newsoffice/2005/printer-0518.html]
BIOTECHNIQUES
Center fellow, Anthony Guiseppi-Elie, Sc.D., Professor and Director, Virginia Commonwealth University Center for Bioeletronics, Biosensors, and Biochips, profiled in June, 2005 issue of Biotechniques. Read Profile
Guiseppi-Elie profiled in Biotechniques – The International Journal of Life Science Methods
Biotechniques, 2005; 38 (6) 843-844
[http://www.vcu.edu/csbc/Guiseppi-Elie%20Profile%2038_6.pdf]
YOURWORLD/OURWORLD
Guiseppi-Elie profiled in YourWorld/OurWorld – The Journal of Biotechnology for 8 and 9 graders.
[http://www.biosciednet.org/portal/search/browse.php?step=3&nav=k12&by=subject&filter=k12&value=Biotechnology&recordID=10447]
[http://www.biotechinstitute.org/resources/YWarticles/4.1/4.1.8.pdf]
Institute of Bioengineering and Nanotechnology
Dec. 12, 2007 - Guiseppi-Elie delivers invited lecture at Singapore’s Institute for Bioengineering and Nanotechnology – Dr. Jackie Ying
[http://www.ibn.a-star.edu.sg/news_seminar_details.php?eventid=231#sem_top]

</doc>
<doc id="19861564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861564" title="National Canal Museum">
National Canal Museum

The National Canal Museum is a history and technology museum located in Easton, Pennsylvania.
It is run by Hugh Moore Historical Park & Museum, Inc., which is also responsible for Hugh Moore Park, The Emrick Technology Center, Locktender's House Museum and the canal boat ride, Josiah White II.
The National Canal Museum resides in Hugh Moore Park, located just west of Easton.
History.
The National Canal Museum opened in 1970 as a joint cooperative effort between the City of Easton's Hugh Moore Park Commission and the Pennsylvania Canal Society. Sitting at the fork between the Delaware and Lehigh Rivers, this small Museum was intended to highlight and operate Hugh Moore Park.
The Museum had been a destination for people interested in the canal, as well as school trips looking for information about transportation. In 1978 with the addition of the "Josiah White", the canal boat ride became a distinctive part of a visit to the National Canal Museum.
In 1982 The Museum's Exhibits were redesigned to make the museum a National Museum of the towpath canal era. This redesign also acted as a catalyst for the expansion into the industrial heritage of the Lehigh Valley.
During this period, the National Canal Museum began hosting several major events, including the annual Canal Festival and annual Canal History and Technology Symposium, the latter being held at Lafayette College. By 1985, the Museum was realizing the ability for a complete collection and archival ability of important artifacts of both the canal era and the industrial revolution.
In 1996, the National Canal Museum moved to downtown Easton into Two Rivers Landing in an effort to revitalize the downtown district. Since that time, Two Rivers Landing receives an average of 250,000 visitors each year. Beginning in 2002, the Museum began a campaign to recreate the museum to add hands-on activities to the existing exhibits. A proposal to the National Science Foundation(NSF) resulted in a grant of $1.4 Million, later supplemented to $2 million for the creation of exhibits based on their proposal "Science and Technology of Canals and Inland Waterways." 
This led to a brand new exhibit space installed in March 2006, incorporating the history, science, and technology of canal construction and navigation. In October 2008, the National Canal Museum was awarded the Roy L. Shafer Leading Edge Award for Visitor Experience by the Association of Science-Technology Centers INC.
At the end of 2011, the 15 year lease period in Two Rivers Landing ended and was not renewed. In January 2012 the museum was relocated back to the canal in Hugh Moore Park, repurposing the Emrick Technology Center to act as the main exhibit and administrative space.
Accreditations and affiliations.
The National Canal Museum is accredited by American Alliance of Museums and is an affiliate of the Smithsonian Institution
Hugh Moore Park.
Hugh Moore Park is a City of Easton park nestled between the Lehigh River, and the Lehigh Canal. It covers , including part of the Lehigh river and section 8 of the Lehigh Canal. The area now known as Hugh Moore Park was originally an industrial park, built due to the large amount of anthracite coal being brought down the Lehigh Canal from present day Jim Thorpe, Pennsylvania
The park was purchased by the City of Easton in 1962, using money donated by Hugh Moore. This sparked the formation of the Pennsylvania Canal Society in 1966, and eventually led to the creation of the National Canal Museum. Through the course of several master plans for the part, improvements to the park and its facilities have continually enhanced visitor experience.
These improvements include a bike/hiking trail, boat launch, pavilions, as well as preservation of industrial ruins and three locks, including the only working lift lock in Pennsylvania and New Jersey
The National Canal Museum is responsible for maintaining and interpreting the historic structures and sites within the that comprise Hugh Moore Park (ignoring water surface), a National Register Historic District. These include Section 8 of the Lehigh Canal and its three operating locks, a locktender’s house, ruins from three 19th-century industrial areas, and the Change Bridge, one of the first iron cable suspension bridges constructed in America.
The Emrick Center.
The Elaine and Peter Emrick Technology Center is a , two-story brick building constructed to resemble a factory, the likes of which would have been seen throughout the park. The building holds a reception area, exhibit spaces, offices, and the Hugh Moore Park and Museums Archives. 
The building opened in 2007. The inaugural exhibit, "From this Valley: Iron, Steel and the Birthplace of the American Industrial Revolution," tells the story of the Lehigh Valley's emergence as a powerhouse of industrial might. In 2012, the National Canal Museum relocated from Two Rivers Landing to the Emrick Center, and transferred most of the exhibits and hands-on educational activity stations there. The relocated Museum, which is adjacent to the mule-drawn canal boat, the Josiah White II, opened on Memorial Day weekend, 2012.
Archives.
Also currently held in the Emrick Technology Center is the archives of the National Canal Museum. Since the inception of the institution and through all of its incarnations, and beginning with the first master plan, there has been provisions for the National Canal Museum to preserve the transportation and industrial history of the area. Since 1985 and the acquisition of property for this purpose, the collection has undergone rapid growth, and is now the premier site for information concerning canal transportation in America and technology of the Lehigh Valley
The museum's collection reflect these areas, and document the history of America's canals and navigable rives, as well as the related industries in the Lehigh Valley. According to the museum website:
"The museum's holdings include: 3,753 artifacts; 3,890 reels of film, video cassettes [sic.], and audio (oral history) tapes; 52,782 slides, photographs and negative images; 31,824 engineering drawings; a library of more than 13,483 volumes; 736 linear feet of manuscript materials; and 261 rolls of microfilm."
In addition to the large amount of historical artifacts and data, the museum also employs an in-house historian, available for lectures, researchers, and inquiries.
Locktender's House.
The Locktender's House, with a museum on the first floor, is a restored locktender's house nestled between the Lehigh River and Guard Lock 8 on the Lehigh Canal. The Locktender's House represents the living and working conditions of people from the 19th and early 20th centuries. 
The Locktender's House was built for the person with the responsibility of operating the lock. In order to ensure that lock was operated, the house was constructed as near to the lock as possible. Because of this, the opinion was that there was no reason for someone in the house to be unable to come out and operate the lock.
Opened in 1974, this museum is decorated period appropriately and is meant to provide a rough equivalent of what working on the canal would entail. Costumed guides provide background and information during a tour of the rooms of the house.
"Josiah White II".
The "Josiah White II" is the current boat used for the Canal Boat ride. It is a steel-hulled boat built in 1993 by Bethlehem Steel at the Sparrows Point shipyard in Maryland.
The original canal boat, named the "Josiah White", served operationally during the summer from 1978 until 1993, when it was allowed to sink near the feeder gate for the canal. It currently serves as a visual aid for the canal boat ride
The canal boat ride was developed to provide context and historical information to the canal, including information about building, living, and working on the canal. Pulled by two mules, named Hank and George, the ride attempts to recreate the feel of moving down the canal during its operational period. Average rides are 40 minutes long, and discuss a multitude of topics which usually include:

</doc>
<doc id="19861575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861575" title="Stéphanie Jiménez">
Stéphanie Jiménez

Stéphanie Jiménez (born December 17, 1974) is an Andorran mountain runner.
Jiménez was born in Albi, France. She has competed in the Buff Skyrunner World Series since 2006, finishing in the top five in the championship on every occasion. Her first race victory was in 2007, when she won the OSJ Ontake SkyRace at Mount Ontake, Japan.
She lives in Sterzing, South Tyrol, Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="19861580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861580" title="James Irwin (disambiguation)">
James Irwin (disambiguation)

James Irwin (James Benson Irwin 1930–1991) was an Apollo 15 astronaut who walked on the moon.
James Irwin may also refer to:
Jaime Irwinmay refer to:
Jim Irwin may refr to

</doc>
<doc id="19861588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861588" title="Bhubaneswar Development Authority">
Bhubaneswar Development Authority

Bhubaneswar Development Authority (BDA) is a statutory agency which is responsible for development and beautification of Bhubaneswar, the capital city of Odisha. It was established on September 1, 1983. BDA is responsible for creating development plans, regulating development and use of land, undertaking works pertaining to construction of housing colonies, commercial complexes and providing public amenities like water supply, drainage, sewerage, and transportation, social facilities etc. Apart from the main Bhubaneswar city, BDA covers 158 revenue villages covering an area of about 393.57 km2.

</doc>
<doc id="19861609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861609" title="Harald Leipnitz">
Harald Leipnitz

Harald Leipnitz (22 April 1926 in Wuppertal - 21 November 2000 in Munich) was a German actor.

</doc>
<doc id="19861610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861610" title="Caesar Carl Hans Henkel">
Caesar Carl Hans Henkel

Caesar Carl Hans Henkel (1839 Fulda, Hesse - 16 June 1913 Umtata), was a German-born South African forester, cartographer, painter, soldier and botanist. He was the father of John Spurgeon Henkel.
Henkel came from an old and distinguished German military family. He enlisted as an officer in the British-German Legion during the Crimean War. The war having ended before the British-German Legion saw any action, Henkel settled in the Eastern Cape in 1856, where he acted as secretary to the commanding officer Baron Richard von Stutterheim (1809-1872) and played a major role in settling German immigrants in the King William's Town area. 
Returning from service in the Indian Mutiny, Henkel filled various administrative posts in the Eastern Cape between 1860-75. He proved to be an extremely competent cartographer in the office of the surveyor-general between 1876-83; his map of the Transkei then regarded as the definitive work. Thereafter he worked as forester in the districts of Stockenstrom and King William's Town. He was finally appointed chief forest officer and stationed at Umtata and was responsible for the conservation of indigenous forests and for the development of commercial forestry in the Transkei. His pioneering work in these fields greatly influenced the course taken by forestry practice in South Africa. Henkel inaugurated a policy of establishing exotic wattle plantations throughout the Transkei in order to reduce exploitation of the indigenous forests.
On his retirement, he became a town councillor of Umtata and started importing useful and rare trees and shrubs which he planted on his estate, "The Pines", outside Umtata. Here he also started the first fish hatchery of the country. His name is commemorated in "Podocarpus henkelii". Some of his paintings are kept at the East London Museum, the Africana Museum in Johannesburg and the History Museum in Grahamstown.

</doc>
<doc id="19861621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861621" title="List of Mediterranean Games records in swimming">
List of Mediterranean Games records in swimming

The fastest times in the swimming events at the Mediterranean Games are listed by International Mediterranean Games Committee (CIJM) as a list of Mediterranean Games records in swimming. The events are held in a long course (50 m) pool. The list has been updated after the last Games, held in Mersin, Turkey in 2013.
All records were set in finals unless noted otherwise.

</doc>
<doc id="19861630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861630" title="Cerro Pedernal">
Cerro Pedernal

Cerro Pedernal, locally known as just "Pedernal", is a narrow mesa in northern New Mexico. The name is Spanish for "flint hill". The mesa lies on the north flank of the Jemez Mountains, south of Abiquiu Lake, in the Española Ranger District of the Santa Fe National Forest. Its caprock was produced in the Jemez Volcanic Field. Its highest point is 9,862 feet (3,006 meters).
Pedernal is the source of a chert used by the prehistoric Gallina people. Its cliffs are popular with rock climbers. Georgia O'Keeffe made many paintings of it, and her ashes were scattered on its top.

</doc>
<doc id="19861646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861646" title="Pierre Philippeaux">
Pierre Philippeaux

Pierre Philippeaux, (February 1756 - 5 April 1794, Paris) was a French lawyer who was a deputy to the National Convention for Sarthe.
Life.
A lawyer then judge at the district tribunal for Le Mans, he created the newspaper "Le défenseur de la Liberté" at the start of the French Revolution. He voted for the king's death and was sent on a mission to the Vendée where he was noted for his negligence. On his return to Paris he denounced generals Ronsin and Rossignol in a virulent pamphlet.
He attracted the hostility of Collot d'Herbois and Carrier and found himself accused of treason and counter-revolutionary activities by Saint-Just. Associated with the Dantonists, he fell with them and was guillotined on 5 April 1794.

</doc>
<doc id="19861657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861657" title="Get Him to the Greek">
Get Him to the Greek

Get Him to the Greek is a 2010 American road comedy film written, produced, and directed by Nicholas Stoller and starring Jonah Hill and Russell Brand. The film was released on June 4, 2010. "Get Him to the Greek" is a spin-off sequel of Stoller's 2008 film "Forgetting Sarah Marshall", reuniting director Stoller with stars Hill and Brand. Brand reprises his role as character Aldous Snow from "Forgetting Sarah Marshall", while Hill plays an entirely new character. The film also stars Elisabeth Moss, Rose Byrne, Colm Meaney and Sean Combs.
Plot.
In 2009, British rock star Aldous Snow (Russell Brand) releases an album and a titular single—"African Child", which is a commercial and critical failure. Despite having been free of alcohol and other drugs for seven years, along with his pop-star girlfriend Jackie Q (Rose Byrne), when, in an interview, she drunkenly declares they have a boring life, he relapses—which effectively ends his relationship with her, makes him lose custody of their son, Naples, and sabotages his career. Meanwhile, in Los Angeles, Aaron Green (Jonah Hill) works as a talent scout at Pinnacle Records, a successful record company. He lives with his girlfriend, Daphne (Elisabeth Moss), a doctor. Pinnacle Records is performing badly as a result of poor record sales, and the head of the company, Sergio Roma (Sean Combs), asks for ideas. Green proposes that Aldous Snow play at the Greek Theatre in Los Angeles on the tenth anniversary of his legendary performance there in 1999. 
Sergio sends Aaron to London to escort Aldous to the performance. Before he leaves, Daphne informs Aaron that she has received a job offer in Seattle and that they are moving there, which leads to an argument resulting in an apparent break-up. After retrieving Aldous from his apartment, Aaron learns that Aldous had not been expecting him and that he had thought the concert was not for another two months. They then bar-hop across the city and Aaron futilely tries to get Aldous to catch one of many missed flights. Daphne calls Aaron to apologize for the fight, only to learn that Aaron believes that they are broken up. Throughout his partying, Aaron's cellphone accidentally calls Daphne periodically, informing her of Aaron's activities. Aaron and Aldous travel to New York for Aldous's appearance on "Today". To keep Aldous sober for his performance, Aaron imbibes all of Aldous's whiskey and marijuana. Minutes before the performance, Aldous realizes he is unable to remember the lyrics to his most recent and unpopular song, "African Child", and replaces it with an older hit, "The Clap", to cheers and excitement from the audience. 
About to embark on a flight to Los Angeles, Aldous forces Aaron to smuggle heroin in his rectum. During their travels, Aaron learns that Aldous has become miserable and lonely, as he misses his son and has been alienated from his own father Jonathan (Colm Meaney) for years. Aaron suggests he visit him after the show; instead Aldous insists they go to Las Vegas to see Jonathan. Sergio soon arrives, with plans to "mindfuck" Aldous to Los Angeles. Sergio hooks up Aaron with a sexually violent girl named Destiny (Carla Gallo), who takes him to a hotel room and rapes him. After Aaron tells Aldous that he has been raped, Aldous gives him a "Jeffrey", a joint described as "a Neapolitan of drugs". Aaron panics and starts to have a bad trip, believing he is having a heart attack. Jonathan makes the trip worse by agreeing that Aaron is having a heart attack while Aldous attempts to calm Aaron down, primarily by the comforting sensation of stroking the furry walls of the hotel suite. Aldous fights with his father; Sergio (who is also high) jumps in the fight, and inadvertently sets the lounge on fire. 
Aldous attempts to help Aaron by giving him an adrenaline shot and they run out of the hotel, chased by Sergio, who is hit by a car but comes out unharmed. Aldous and Aaron flee to Los Angeles, where Aldous visits Jackie Q. She has been sleeping with Metallica's drummer, Lars Ulrich (playing himself) and confesses that Naples is not actually his biological son, but instead is a photographer's son. This depresses him even further. Meanwhile, Aaron goes to his home to apologize to Daphne. They are interrupted when Aldous arrives at their house and proposes that he, Aaron, and Daphne engage in a threesome; Daphne (who is mad at Aaron) agrees and Aaron hesitantly goes along. During the threesome, Aaron angrily decides to kiss Aldous, breaking it up. Daphne and Aaron both immediately regret the threesome, and Aaron angrily tells Aldous to go, criticizing Aldous's overall mental state. Instead of preparing for his show, Aldous goes to the rooftop of the Standard Hotel in downtown Los Angeles, and calls Aaron, threatening to jump. Aaron rushes to the hotel, and attempts to coax Aldous down from the roof. 
Instead, Aldous jumps into a rooftoop pool several floors down, accidentally breaking an arm. Aldous tells Aaron that he is lonely, sad and embarrassed, but Aaron reminds Aldous that thousands of fans love him and are waiting just to see him. Aldous decides to perform at the Greek Theatre despite his injury, even though Aaron pleas for him to go to the hospital. Upon their arrival, Sergio offers Aaron drugs to give to Aldous so he will not cancel the concert. Aaron, tired of the abuse Sergio has given him, refuses and quits his job on the spot, much to Sergio's dismay. Aaron walks stage-side with Aldous, trying to convince him to go to the hospital instead. However, Aaron sees how happy Aldous is while performing and heads home to reconcile with Daphne. Months later in Seattle (where Aaron and Daphne have moved), Aldous, sober once again, has returned to fame with a single "Furry Walls" produced by Aaron (now his official producer) based on events from their night in Las Vegas, performing on the "VH1 Storytellers" program. Guest star Brian Perez made an appearance during the inverview concert as well.
Cast.
Cameo guest stars.
Russell Brand's friends Karl Theobald, Greg "Mr Gee" Sekweyama and Jamie Sives also appear in the film.
Production.
Development.
A week after the release of "Forgetting Sarah Marshall", Universal Studios announced a new film "Get Him to the Greek", reuniting Jonah Hill and Russell Brand with writer/director Nicholas Stoller and producer Judd Apatow. "Variety" initially announced the project would focus on "fresh-out-of-college insurance adjuster (Hill) who is hired to accompany an out-of-control rock star (Brand) from London to a gig at L.A.'s Greek Theatre." In July 2008, Brand mentioned that he would be reprising his Aldous Snow role from "Forgetting Sarah Marshall", in a new film from Apatow in which the character was back on drugs.
In an interview with "CHUD.com", Apatow would later reveal that "Get Him to the Greek" was indeed a spin-off of "Forgetting Sarah Marshall" with Brand again playing a no-longer-sober Aldous Snow while in a different interview Nicholas Stoller said that Jonah Hill will play a different character named Aaron Green, a young music executive.
Filming.
While Russell Brand was backstage at the Paramount studio lot preparing to present the 2008 MTV Video Music Awards, he approached Christina Aguilera, Pink, and Katy Perry about filming cameos for "Get Him to the Greek".
Rehearsals began on April 27, 2009 and filming began on May 12 of that year. The film was shot in New York, Las Vegas, Los Angeles and London. While filming in Trafalgar Square, Brand was pushed into a fountain by a passerby.
Release.
Critical reception.
The film has received generally positive reviews.
Review aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes gives the film a score of 73% based on 183 reviews, with an average score of 6.3/10 The critical consensus is: "Thanks to a suitably raunchy script and a pair of winning performances from Jonah Hill and Russell Brand, "Get Him to the Greek" is one of the year's funniest comedies."
Metacritic reported the film had an average score of 65, based on 39 reviews.
Roger Ebert of the "Chicago Sun-Times" gave the film three out of four stars by saying that "under the cover of slapstick, cheap laughs, raunchy humor, gross-out physical comedy and sheer exploitation, "Get Him to the Greek" also is fundamentally a sound movie."
Box office.
In its opening weekend, the film debuted at #2 behind "Shrek Forever After" with a gross of $17,570,955. The movie fell to fourth the following week with a weekend gross of $10,100,000.
In the UK, "Get Him to the Greek" opened at #1 grossing £1,569,556 in its first week before dropping to #2 the following week with takings of £1,048,898. It has collected $60,974,475 in the United States and Canada as well as $27,400,000 overseas bringing its worldwide total to $88,374,475.
Home media.
A 2-disc and 1-disc unrated and theatrical version of the film was released on DVD and Blu-ray Disc on September 28, 2010.
Music.
Soundtrack.
Kim Garner, the senior vice president of marketing and artist development at Universal Republic Records, said that Brand and Universal Pictures "felt very strongly about doing something like this as opposed to a traditional soundtrack," and that they "wanted to release it like we would an actual rock band's album."
The following songs were featured in the film, but not included in the soundtrack:

</doc>
<doc id="19861704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861704" title="Savoia Castle">
Savoia Castle

Savoia Castle or Škvorec Castle (Squorz, Schkworetz), is a castle located in small market town of Škvorec, about east of Prague in the Czech Republic. It was first mentioned in historical sources in 1279 (but more fully documented in 1404).
History.
Early history.
The founder, and maybe the builder too, was probably Domaslav ("Domaslaus de Squorz") around 1279, an important courtier and landed official, the butler of Queen Kunigunda of Slavonia(1262) and her food taster (1263–1269, 1279), Lord High Treasurer (1267–1278) and one of the ten Burgraves of Prague Castle. From the castle he built, only the deep well is now preserved, cut in the granite rock, which was situated near to the early gothic palace - that standing on the site of the present school building.
The coat-of-arms of Domaslav of Škvorec (three vertical stripes), which cannot be found later in Central Bohemia, proving that the castle must have passed to another noble family not long after. The names of the owners until after 1450 are not now known.
In the second half of 14th century, the castle was owned by the Olbramovic family of Prague. One of them, Olbram son of Menhart (died around 1388), installed the priest of the church in Horky, which already belonged to Škvorec by 1354. Olbram son of Menhart was from 1356 the Reeve of Prague New Town and in 1373-1380 the Burgrave of Vyšehrad. In connection with Škvorec he is mentioned only two times: first as Olbram of Škvorec (in Skworzecz) in the records of visitation of the Prague archdeacon Pavel of Janovice from 1380, and as Olbram son of Menhart of Škvorec a document from 1385 (de Skworecz).
After his death, his three sons Olbram, Pavel and Václav became the owners of Škvorec. The most important of them was Olbram: in 1377 he started to study at the Faculty of Law of Prague University. In 1379 he became the canon of Prague and Vyšehrad. Between 1389-1396 he was the provost of St.Apolinar in Prague New Town, and also the chancellor of the king’s brother Jan of Zhořelec. On 31 January 1396, he became the Archbishop of Prague (he was installed by Pope Boniface IX.). His brother Pavel was a Burgrave in Týn nad Vltavou (1397), and Václav earned 500 marks of silver in the king’s service in 1396. These successes of the three brothers had an influence on their building activity at Škvorec, because its early gothic castle didn’t conform to the needs of noblemen at the end of 14th century.
According to the archeological, historical and building research made by architect J. Žižka, it appears that round 1400 the family of Olbramovic essentially enlarged the area of the castle and added to the buildings. Opposite the old early-gothic palace they built an oblong tower with a pointed-arched gate and with a small wicket, together with drawbridges across the newly dug water-filled moat. Above it, east of the entrance tower, they built another gothic palace with a chapel, whose chaplain called Václav is noted in judgment roll of the Archbishopric of Prague in 1404. Due to the building of the new palace, Škvorec thus had two palaces, as was faithfully recorded in the fideicommissum documents in 1654.
The archbishop with his two brothers owned Škvorec castle until 2 May 1402, when he died. His two surviving brothers then divided the property amongst themselves. Next, Jan Nichilen of Prague bought the Václav’s share (the rent from Škvorec Castle, half of the farmyard and some villages) in 1411, and before 1418 the owner of it was Jan of Klučov. The second half of property was still owned by Pavel of Škvorec until his death (after 1418).
His widow Eliška (Elisabeth) married before 1422 Jan Ohnništko of Ohnišťany, who appropriated the second half of the property too. But in 1426 he violated the parliamentary peace, when he killed his ex-neighbor Prokop Trčka of Květnice in a duel in Prague. As a result he was brought to court and then executed. Eliška became a widow again and very soon she had big debts. Because of them, she had to sell the rent from Škvorec, Hostyň and the half of the market-town of Úvaly to Prokop Bervík of Malešice in the same year. But he sold it only a short time after to Vilém of Kounic, from whom it was bought by Petřík Olbrámovic (shortly called Olbrámek), and thanks to this the whole property was again owned by the family of Olbramovic of Prague.
Early modern history.
The next important owner of Škvorec castle was Čeněk of Klinštejn the Crown Prosecutor, who bought it from the Olbramovic family in 1462. He was a very significant person in the Bohemia of that time. He was not only the Crown Prosecutor, but also a Burgrave of Prague Castle (1451–1461) and of Vyšehrad (1467–1479) and in the years 1457-1481 he was the Queen's Prosecutor. In the time of his son Jan, in 1497, King Vladislas II of Hungary made Škvorec into a market-town. After his death round 1509, his brother Zdeněk inherited the castle. He had many lawsuits with his neighbours, townsmen and also with his nearest relatives, as did his son Jindřich, who died in the battles against the Turks in Hungary. After that, the Castle passed to brother of Jindřich's mother - Zikmund Smiřický of Smiřice. In about 1545 he started reconstructing the old castle and modernised it into a renaissance seat. During this reconstruction he probably built the western range with arcades and the building on the eastern side of the courtyard.
As the fideicommissum records from 1618 tell, Albrecht Jan Smiřický of Smiřice had a vaulted hall known as "the stone hall", lord’s apartment and also an armoury built in the castle. In other parts of the castle there were offices and rooms of the members of his estate government and on the ground floor there was some economic establishment.
During the confiscation of his property in 1621, Škvorec Castle fell into the hands of Albrecht of Valdštejn because his mother was from the Smiřický family. He sold it to Karl of Lichtenstein in 1623. 
The preserved records of the 'hejtman' of Černý Kostelec, Captain Přech Svatkovský of Dobrohošť, shows that the Swedes plundered the castle and set it on fire on 27 November 1639. During the fire the ceilings in some rooms in both palaces collapsed (in one of them – in the upper palace – was the jail for the retainers in that time). The repair works appear to have been minimal: until 1654 only the upper palace was covered by a temporary thatched roof and no more reconstruction then continued. So for the rest of 17th century the Castle was known as a ruin.
From the records of the Uhříněves Estate (to which Škvorec belonged at that time) it is known that the first part of the Castle was repaired by Kristian Minedi in 1710, when he submitted accounts for repairing six rooms to the Estate government. This northern part of the castle became the seat of Princess Maria Theresa of Savoy, born of Lichtenstein (died 1772) after 1729.
Later modern history.
Škvorec Castle was still habitable in 1794, but in the years that followed it started to decay again. Instead of reconstruction, the Castle was largely dismantled in 1860-1884.
The dilapidated northwestern range of the old castle was demolished first, then the western two-storied wing was taken down in 1883.On the site of the ruin of the old gothic palace, the local school was built in 1890. Of the whole castle only the rebuilt baroque southeastern part with the gatehouse tower was left, and also the old Castle well in the courtyard.
The so-called 'New Castle' stands opposite the old one. It comprises a large baroque one-storey building with a courtyard of farm buildings, the remains of an old fountain and a baroque gate. As the plans of the architect Josef Jägr from the Lichtenstein family archive in Vaduz testify, this new part of Škvorec Castle was built soon after 1791.

</doc>
<doc id="19861707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861707" title="LizardTech">
LizardTech

LizardTech is a geospatial software company headquartered in Seattle, Washington, notable for transferring the wavelet-based MrSID image encoding and viewing technology from initial development by the U.S. government to the geospatial market. 
LizardTech's products enable users to compress, manipulate, and distribute high-resolution geospatial data such as aerial, satellite imagery and LiDAR data. The company is a division of Celartem Inc. (Hercules: 4330), and has offices in Tokyo and London. Its sister company, Extensis, is based in Portland, Oregon. 
LizardTech was founded in 1992 to commercialize the MrSID technology and file format originally developed at Los Alamos National Laboratory (LANL) in New Mexico. The name of the company is an homage to the lizards of the New Mexican desert. Representatives of LizardTech have been known to give out plastic lizards at board meetings and at their vendor booth at various conferences as a way of promoting the company.
History.
After working together at Los Alamos, John R "Grizz" Deal and Dr. Vance Faber formed LizardTech to move the MrSID (Multi-resolution Seamless Image Database) technology from LANL, where it was developed for government applications, into the wider arena of private industry. They recruited Dr. Jim White from LANL and Peter Crook from the private sector to drive the first commercial wavelet-based image compression product, LizardTech's early "MrSID GeoEncoder" software (later renamed "GeoExpress") was designed specifically for geospatial professionals working with massive sets of aerial and satellite imagery. 
The United States Geological Survey (USGS) was one of the early adaptors, and the National Information Mapping Agency (now called the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency) and many other government agencies have since embraced the MrSID format. It is now supported by more than 300 GIS applications including those of ESRI, ERDAS (ERDAS IMAGINE), Autodesk and Intergraph.
In the mid-1990s, LizardTech moved its headquarters to Seattle, Washington, where it was identified in 1998 as the Washington Software Alliance’s Most Promising New Company. 
In 2000, still a privately owned company funded by venture capital, LizardTech released its "Content Server" software product (later renamed "Express Server"), a server add-on that leveraged efficiencies in wavelet-based image compression to "stream" image data over networks on an as-needed basis as users navigated imagery. 
With the slow but steady emergence of another wavelet-based compression technology, the powerful but complex JPEG 2000 ISO standard (ISO/IEC 15444-1:2000), LizardTech launched an aggressive R&D program to incorporate JPEG 2000 into its software products and became experts in JPEG 2000 compression for the geospatial industry. A by-product of this research was a gradual shift toward more use of open source tools and software and cooperation with the open source development community. 
Deal and Faber left LizardTech in 2002. In 2003 the company was purchased by Celartem Inc., a Tokyo-based imaging technology company. The same year, LizardTech joined the Open Geospatial Consortium (OGC).
In 2005 LizardTech began adding tools to its basic compression product with the aim of supporting geospatial users from a workflow standpoint, such as reprojection, area-of-interest encoding and color balancing. That year the company also released Spatial Express, an API and set of tools for storing and retrieving wavelet-compressed imagery in an Oracle database. 
From 2006 onward, development focused on interoperability of LizardTech's products with each other and with the broader geospatial ecosystem. LizardTech rolled out its "Express Suite" -- all three of its geospatial products together—in 2007. The 2008 release of "GeoExpress 7" completed the work of making "GeoExpress", "Spatial Express" and "Express Server" all interoperate fully for the first time.
In 2000 LizardTech negotiated exclusive rights to commercially develop and market the DjVu technology developed at AT&T Laboratories in 1996. The company hoped to widen its market from raster imaging only (mainly in the geospatial arena) to include the complex raster and vector imaging necessary in the growing document imaging industry. LizardTech developed the "Document Express" enterprise and professional level products in the years 2000–2006. DjVu-based solutions were most successful in Asia, and in 2007 Celartem began transferring all aspects of DjVu development to its Tokyo headquarters. Celartem USA now handles all aspects of DjVu marketing, sales and support in the U.S. 
The MrSID image format continues to be an important compressed image format for geospatial applications and is supported in virtually all GIS software products. It is required as a delivery format by the USDA's National Agriculture Imagery Program (NAIP). Interest in JPEG 2000 has grown slowly but steadily as users become aware of the standard's capabilities for carrying georeferencing and other XML-based metadata via the Geography Markup Language (GML), as well as for fine-tuning compression parameters for particular workflows.
Products.
LizardTech's "Express Suite" line of geospatial products combines image manipulation and compression tools with solutions for raster image storage and distribution in standard geospatial formats. The "Express Suite" products – "GeoExpress" and "Express Server" – were designed to work together and interoperate with many geospatial applications and protocols. "LiDAR Compressor" is a geospatial application but is not part of the Express Suite line. 
LizardTech and open standards.
LizardTech sits on OGC's Technical Committee and has been a chief contributor in extending the capabilities of JPEG 2000 to geospatial applications. The lack of a geospatial metadata standard had meant that applications and viewers may or may not be able to read geospatial metadata in JPEG 2000 files. Together with Galdos Systems, also an OGC member, LizardTech developed a geography markup language (GML) implementation of JPEG 2000 that was ratified by the OGC in February 2006. Called GMLJP2, this implementation furthers the interoperability of JPEG 2000 as a geospatial image format and helps customers disseminate and maximize return on investment from geospatial imagery by providing a consistent, vendor-independent image format.
Development rights and patents.
LizardTech holds exclusive rights to develop and market the MrSID technology and holds a number of patents.

</doc>
<doc id="19861717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861717" title="Beach Park (water park)">
Beach Park (water park)

Beach Park is a Brazilian water park and tourist resort, situated on the beach of Porto das Dunas in the municipality of Aquiraz, in the Metropolitan region of Fortaleza. Spread out across an area totaling 170,000 m² (approximately 1.8 million ft²); the aquatic park area is 35,000 m² ( 376,700 ft²). It is one of the leading tourist attractions in the country, and the largest water park in Latin America. In 2012 Beach Park had 843,000 visitors in the water park and 1,408,000 in all of Beach Park (water park, resorts and beach restaurant).
The Beach Park complex is composed of the Beach, Aquatic Park and Resort, welcomes nearly one million visitors annually. 
Beach Park is affiliated with several national and international water park, theme park, tourism and entertainment associations. It is a member of the World Waterpark Association (WWA), the International Association of Amusement Parks and Attractions (IAAPA), the Brazilian Association of Restaurants and Entertainment Companies (ABRASEL), the Brazilian Association of the Hospitality Industry (ABIH) and the Aquiraz Convention & Visitors Bureau (ACVB).
Beach Park was one of the filming locations for the film O Noviço Rebelde (Brazilian adaptation of The Sound of Music). 
Dining.
Beach Park Praia Restaurant offers traditional Northeast Brazilian cuisine, specializing in seafood. In an open- air ocean-front setting. 
The fast, casual Wave Bar offers beverages, snacks, and hotdogs. 
Inside the water park, Beach Kebabe offers beer, a variety of skewered meats and cheese, cassava dumplings, and other snacks. 
Inside the water park, Beach Burger offers a variety of hamburgers, soft drinks, and beer. 
The Beach Grill inside the park and offers a variety of seafood dishes. 
Family Attractions.
Acqua Circo (Water Circus) offers a variety of cannons, jets, showers, fountains, slides, tunnel, fixed peddle boats and seesaws. A shallow central pool, covered by two stylized tarpaulins, represents a circus big top and also provides protection from the sun.
The Acqua Show features is a giant bucket, dropping 1,800 liters of water at a time. With it's combined synchronized jets, 8 water slides and 14 cannons, split into six platforms in an area for up to 300 people of all ages. 
Dedicated exclusively to kids, Arca de Noé (Noah's Ark) comprises ten water attractions including three ramps, two mushroom showers, a large shower and a number of spraying nozzles.
Additional Family Attractions include: 
Extreme Attractions.
Constructed in 1989, the Insano previously held the Guinness Book of World Records record for "World’s Tallest Water Slide" at 135-feet tall, until the construction of the Kilimanjaro at Aldeia das Águas Park Resort (formerly Águas Quentes Country Club) in Barra do Piraí, Rio de Janeiro, at 193 feet tall.
Arrepius, the latest addition to the Beach Park complex, is a collection of water slides that features the first and only Skybox in Brazil with five different descents that occupy an area of approximately 7,000 m² (5347.37 ft²). The Skybox; a transparent capsule situated 25 meters above the park, whose descent begins when the floor of the capsule drops open with the press of a button.
Travel Awards.
2011
2012
2013
Additional honors include:
External links.
https://www.beachpark.com.br/home/en

</doc>
<doc id="19861724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861724" title="William Stern (businessman)">
William Stern (businessman)

William George Stern (born Vilmos György Stern in Budapest, Hungary, 2 July 1935) is a businessman most notable as the owner of the British Stern Group of companies. When it collapsed in 1973, Stern became Britain's biggest bankrupt with debts of £118 million. The uninsured losses sustained by thousands of investors led directly to the creation of Britain's first Policyholders' Protection Act.
During the 1960s, rising economic fortunes in Britain lead to the creation of the first unitised property funds. Initially, only pension funds and charities were permitted to purchase units in these trusts, but these regulations were relaxed under the leadership of Prime Minister Edward Heath who came to power in 1970, after which time the general public could also invest via insurance companies. One such intermediary was Nation Life Insurance, part of the Stern Group.
As a result of the stock market crash and secondary bank crisis of 1973–74, property prices in Britain tumbled dramatically. Investment fund customers attempted to liquidate their rapidly devaluing bonds, but the funds had insufficient cash to meet their redemption obligations, leading to their collapse. Nation Life, and its parent company, were forced into administration, and William Stern was declared bankrupt. The scandal was raised in the British Parliament on several occasions, and a BBC documentary on the subject aired in 1974. Thousands of private investors lost their life savings, since at the time there was no compensation scheme in place to protect them. As a direct consequence of Nation Life's failure, the 1975 Policyholders' Protection Act was introduced, which mandates investors' insurance be paid for by a one percent levy on investment premiums.
After being discharged in 1987, Stern resumed his business activities, until a second commercial empire under his control collapsed in the 1990s with debts of £11 million. He was subsequently banned from serving as a company director for twelve years in April 2000, following the emergence of evidence that he had appropriated £1.5 million from the business despite his prior knowledge that it was on the brink of failure.
Stern is a survivor of the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp during the Second World War.

</doc>
<doc id="19861726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861726" title="School of International Affairs">
School of International Affairs

The School of International Affairs of Pennsylvania State University was officially launched on July 1, 2007, having been approved by Pennsylvania State University's (Penn State) Board of Trustees in January 2007. The school is administratively part of the Dickinson School of Law at its University Park campus location. It draws extensively upon the intellectual resources of faculty in several academic colleges of the University. The School of International Affairs offers a professional master's degree in international affairs with several speciality concentrations. Its mission is to prepare exceptional students for careers and leadership positions in both the private and public sectors of an increasingly interdependent world.
Administration.
The School operates under the guidance of Tiyanjana Maluwa, its inaugural Director and the law school's H. Laddie Montague Chair in Law, and a faculty governing council composed of leading faculty from some of Penn State's top graduate departments.
The MIA program.
The Master of International Affairs degree program requires one-and-one-half to two years of study and is open to applicants with a variety of academic and professional backgrounds. The program requires no particular undergraduate degree or course work, and students may range from recent graduates to mid career professionals seeking to upgrade their credentials or change career direction.
This program is designed to teach the specific content and skills areas necessary for international exchange. To that purpose, students spend their first year taking a core curriculum of six required courses each addressing separate key areas of international expertise. Once the core courses have been completed, students tailor the remainder of their degree through selected elective courses. Through the core and elective courses, students will acquire a strong intellectual knowledge base and competencies crucial to a professional career in the international arena, including: intercultural communication; leadership, analytical, and advocacy skills; and language proficiency.

</doc>
<doc id="19861737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861737" title="Tomorrow Focus">
Tomorrow Focus

Tomorrow Focus AG, which has its registered office in Munich, Germany, is an exchange-listed internet group and one of the leading providers of digital media content in Germany. Its principal shareholder is Hubert Burda Media. TOMORROW FOCUS AG was created at the end of 2001 by the merger of Focus Digital AG and Tomorrow Internet AG. The company’s Management Board comprises Toon Bouten (Chief Executive Officer), Dirk Schmelzer (Chief Financial Officer) and Christoph Schuh.
Revenue amounted to EUR 149.1 million in 2012 (2011: 135.9 million). Earnings before tax (EBT) amounted from EUR 13.1 million to 15.7 million.
History.
Focus Digital AG was established in 2000, and went public in the same year. Focus Digital AG merged with Tomorrow Internet AG in 2001 to create TOMORROW FOCUS AG. In 2002, TOMORROW FOCUS AG acquired the licence to publish the German edition of Playboy Magazine. For its first few years in operation, TOMORROW FOCUS AG concentrated on its advertising-based online portals business. The company’s portfolio initially included various online brands of the Verlagsgruppe Milchstrasse publishing group, in addition to the news portal FOCUS Online.
In 2003, TOMORROW FOCUS was admitted to the Prime Standard of Deutsche Börse AG and listed at FWB Frankfurt Stock Exchange for the first time. In order to tap the internet potential of travel rating and dating agency portals, the company began the expansion of its Transactions division in 2006 by acquiring majority shareholdings in HolidayCheck AG and EliteMedianet GmbH. In 2008, it acquired an interest in AdJug Ltd., an international marketplace for online advertising inventory. In the same year it acquired a major stake in jameda, a physician ratings portal, and Finanzen100, a portal for finance and stock market news.
In 2010, TOMORROW FOCUS sold its shares in Playboy Deutschland Publishing GmbH to Focus Magazin Verlag GmbH in order to streamline its portfolio and concentrate on online products and services. In 2011, the company acquired the remaining outstanding shares in Finanzen100 GmbH and jameda GmbH. In the same year TOMORROW FOCUS sold around a third of its stake in AdJug.
In 2012 it acquired majority holdings in the Dutch online travel agent Tjingo and in WebassetsB.V., which operates the Zoover and MeteoVista portals. Shortly thereafter, TOMORROW FOCUS also became a majority shareholder of the French online travel agent Ecotour.com (RPC Voyages SAS). Moreover Toon Bouten is appointed new CEO at TOMORROW FOCUS AG with effect from 1 January 2013. In 2013 the company completed its takeover of the parentportal NetMoms GmbH. In June Stefan Winners succeeded Paul-Bernhard Kallen as Chairperson of TOMORROW FOCUS AG’s Supervisory Board. Furthermore TOMORROW FOCUS AG acquired remaining minority shares in HolidayCheck AG. In October 2013 TOMORROW FOCUS launched the German Huffington Post. With effect from 2 December TOMORROW FOCUS AG sold TOMORROW FOCUS Technologies GmbH to TIE Kinetix N.V.
Business Operations.
Structure.
TOMORROW FOCUS AG performs the central management and holding function for the equity investments held by the TOMORROW FOCUS group. Depending on their area of activity, the equity investments are allocated to the Transactions, Advertising or Technologies business divisions.

</doc>
<doc id="19861766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861766" title="Guru Gaddi">
Guru Gaddi

Guru-da-Gaddi is an important Sikh religious event held every November 3. The event honors when the tenth and last (Sikh Gurus) when they said 'the next Guru would be the Holy Sikh Book' Guru Granth Sahib. Guru Gobind Singh, declared that Guru Granth Sahib would from that moment on be the Guru or the Guiding Force. The message was delivered on 3 November 1708 by Guru Gobind Singh at Nanded in the state of Maharashtra in India. Guru Gobind Singh Ji established Khalsa and conferred the status of the Guru to the Guru Granth Sahib and elevated it as the everlasting Guru.
This event is commemorated with a festival/ritual that starts with Diwali in India - a Hindu Sikh festival. The tercentenary celebrations of the occasion are being referred at Guru-da-gaddi and are being celebrated on 3 November 2008 in Nanded in Maharshtra. The occasion comes after celebrations of 300 Years of Khalsa panth established by Guru Gobind Singh ji in 1699.

</doc>
<doc id="19861793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861793" title="Stephen Ettien">
Stephen Ettien

Stephen Ettien (born 10 April 1988) is a French professional football player of Ivorian descent. He currently plays for Terrassa FC following his release from Scottish Premier League side Hamilton Academical.
Career.
Ettien began his career at his hometown club Balma SC, before moving to JS Cugnaux the following season. After being noticed by several clubs, which included hometown club Toulouse and Bordeaux, Lyon agreed to a trial with the young player, after he was recommended by former Olympique Lyonnais coach Éric Taborda. After impressing, Ettien was signed to Lyon's CFA squad. He was released following the 2007-08 season.
On 29 August 2008, Ettien signed for Hamilton Academical.
Ettien made his league debut for Hamilton Academical on 20 September 2008 in a game against Hibernian, coming on as a 62nd minute substitute.
Ettien joined Brechin City on loan in January 2009.
Ettien was released from his contract with Hamilton on 26 May 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19861808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861808" title="InLoox">
InLoox

InLoox PM is a software solution for project planning, resource management, project document management, mind mapping and project accounting for Microsoft Outlook and the Web.
Basic concept.
InLoox PM for Outlook is integrated into the collaboration software Microsoft Outlook, augmenting features for project management and collaboration. Gantt planning functionality is combined with CRM and accounting funcationality. The main focus of InLoox PM are small and medium-sized projects.
Number of installations.
According to the manufacturer, the software is currently installed at 30,000 computers predominately in the German-speaking area. 20 percent of the German blue chip stock market DAX companies work with InLoox. Since 2007 English, French and Spanish versions are available. Since August 2008 there is also an Italian version. In September 2008 a Russian-language version was released.
Technology and strategy.
The complete integration in Outlook can be seen as a specialty of InLoox PM, enabling the use of calendar, contact and email data for project management. The manufacturer claims to have recognized that the integration increases the acceptance of users for project management software in corporate environments. However, InLoox PM is by far not the only solution automating and streamlining business processes with the use of Microsoft Outlook: SAP and Microsoft take a comparable approach with their joint venture „Duet“. But in contrast to Duet, InLoox integrates the whole business process into Outlook. 
Similar to Microsoft CRM, InLoox stores ongoing projects in a SQL database. In 2007 the manufacturer InLoox decided to redesign the system from the core. Previous versions (2.x - 4.x) used Microsoft Exchange public folders or Personal Folders (.pst) files for data storage. Microsoft’s announcements of moving away from Exchange public folders might have been be the cause for switching to SQL.
Since version 5 InLoox can be hosted on Oracle, Microsoft SQL Server or MySQL respectively. According to manufacturer information there are interfaces to Microsoft Project, Microsoft Exchange Server and Microsoft Office SharePoint Server. InLoox 6 also supports Microsoft Project 2007.
InLoox also offers the online project software InLoox PM Web App which is available in version 7. This web client enables project teams to connect via Internet and to work on projects together while being on the move. Since June 2013, the producer launched the InLoox Mobile Apps for iPhone and for Android devices.
SaaS solution.
In 2012, InLoox started the SaaS solution InLoox now! The Cloud technology enables customers to use InLoox PM Web App even if they do not have their own server and without requiring software installation. InLoox now! is platform- and device-independent and it is compatible with various popular Internet browsers. Unlike the classic licensing model, an access to InLoox now! is leased during the contract period and includes installation, on-going support and software upgrades. 

</doc>
<doc id="19861814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861814" title="Smallbox Software">
Smallbox Software

"This article is about the Canadian software company. For the US Marketing & Business Consultancy agency see SmallBox."
Smallbox Software is a content management company based in Victoria, BC, Canada. Founded in 1999, Smallbox Software markets version 5 of its flagship product Smallbox CMS. The scalable system includes features such as page caching to improve performance, RSS feeds, eCommerce, eNewsletters, printable versions of pages, news flashes, blogs, polls, image galleries, file libraries, search, and video playback. Smallbox is proprietary software that uses PHP and MySQL to manage and deliver content over the world wide web.
Overview.
Founded in 1999, Smallbox Software is a content management system provider specializing in creating websites. Smallbox CMS is a hosted CMS solution that offers content control and configuration flexibility. Smallbox CMS is the result of an initial collaboration of programmers, multimedia and graphic designers to develop a content management platform that achieves a balance between form and function.
Product.
Smallbox CMS is a content management system. The CMS features tools that allow individuals to update and maintain website content without having to know how to edit or program HTML/PHP. Modules include article management, blogs, calendar of events, discussion forums, document library, eCommerce, eNewsletter, FAQs, image gallery, polls, search, sitemap, and video display and management. Because the CMS is flexible, modules may be added or deleted as required. Each module ties in to the core application module, which enables edit/version tracking, time stamping, date publishing, search engine optimization (SEO) and user administration. The company also offers consulting services for site planning and development, site marketing, and custom application programming.

</doc>
<doc id="19861822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861822" title="Settles Hotel">
Settles Hotel

The Settles Hotel is an historic 15-story hotel located at 201 East Third Street in Big Spring, Texas. Originally completed in 1930, the Settles opened for business October 1, 1930, and was occupied until the early 1980s. It has stood abandoned since that time.
The building was purchased by the Settles Hotel Development Corporation in late 2006. Since that time, the SHDC has also acquired adjoining properties, including the Big Spring Boys and Girls Club and the abandoned Greyhound Bus terminal, which was then demolished.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on April 18, 2013. Hotel Settles is a member of Historic Hotels of America, the official program of the National Trust for Historic Preservation.
Restoration.
According to the SHDC website, the corporation is "committed to the preservation of this remarkable building. We believe the Settles is a treasure in and of itself. We are working from the original set of blueprints and have begun an extensive process to bring back the beautiful details that evoke the craftsmanship and architectural details of a bygone era."
The corporation plans to update the hotel with such conveniences as heating, air conditioning, modern plumbing, and elevator.
The new owners are planning a mixed-use residential and commercial property, with retail space available on the first and second floors. A fitness center, restaurant, and conference center are being considered. The first floor lobby and ballroom will be reconstructed along the original 1930s plans. On December 17, 2009, the Settles lit up in Christmas colors for the first time in more than three decades. The corporaton has planned the opening in September 2012.
Reopening.
The Hotel Settles re-opened its doors to the public on December 28, 2012. Construction on other parts of the Hotel are expected to continue through spring of 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19861882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861882" title="Runn">
Runn

Runn, is a lake in Dalarna in central Sweden, between the cities of Falun and Borlänge.
Runn has many islands and is popular for recreational boating in the summer.
In winter, Runn is popular for Tour skating and over 30 km of skating trails are plowed on the ice. Every February, 'Runn Winter Week' is held with many ice skating activities, including marathon Speed skating competitions. 

</doc>
<doc id="19861894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861894" title="La Lotería Letal">
La Lotería Letal

La Lotería Letal ("English: The Lethal Lottery") is a tag team tournament that was held in autumn 2008 by professional wrestling promotion CHIKARA. It consisted of eight teams, who competed in a single-elimination tournament.
Background.
To determine the participants in the tournament, eighteen of CHIKARA's wrestlers were selected to participate. The tournament included several well-known wrestlers, including Colin Delaney, who gained fame on World Wrestling Entertainment's Extreme Championship Wrestling brand, and longtime independent circuit veteran Mike Quackenbush. Other participants included CHIKARA regulars and other independent wrestlers. Sixteen names were drawn at random to form tag teams and determine the match pairings. The two remaining wrestlers, Hydra and Brodie Lee, faced each other in a singles match at the September 6 event. The format was similar to that used in World Championship Wrestling's Lethal Lottery tournaments, which also involved random pairings of wrestlers.
Event.
The first two rounds were held at the Palmer Center in Easton, Pennsylvania on September 6, 2008.
The singles match took place between the first and second rounds of the tournament, and Lee defeated Hydra. The team of Jimmy Olsen and Lince Dorado and the team of Vin Gerard and Colin Delaney faced each other in the final match, which was held on October 18, also at the Palmer Center. Olsen and Delaney competing against each other was significant, as they had competed as kayfabe twin brothers, The Olsen Twins, early in their careers. Olsen and Dorado won the tournament; as a result, they were awarded three points in CHIKARA's tag team division. In the division, teams must accumulate three points before they are permitted to challenge for the Chikara Campeonatos de Parejas, the promotion's tag team championship.
The shows at which the tournament matches took place were recorded and have been released separately on DVD through Smart Mark Video.
Challenge for tag team championship.
Olsen, competing under the ring name Equinox, and Dorado, challenged tag team champions The Osirian Portal at CHIKARA's "Armdrags to Riches" event on November 16, 2008. In a two out of three falls match, Dorado gained the first pinfall. The Osirian Portal won the match, however, after pinning Dorado and then Equinox to retain the title belts.

</doc>
<doc id="19861904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861904" title="Turovi">
Turovi

Turovi (Cyrillic: Турови) is a village in Trnovo municipality, City of East Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina.

</doc>
<doc id="19861905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861905" title="ZYpp">
ZYpp

ZYpp (or libzypp) is a package management engine that powers Linux applications like YaST, Zypper and the openSUSE/SUSE Linux Enterprise implementation of PackageKit. Unlike other common package managers, it provides a powerful satisfiability solver to compute package dependencies and a convenient package management API. It is an open source and free software project sponsored by Novell and licensed under the terms of the GNU General Public License v2 or later.
Zypper is the native command-line interface of the ZYpp package manager for installing, removing, updating and querying software packages of local or remote (networked) media. Its graphical equivalent is the YaST package manager module. It has been used in openSUSE since version 10.2 beta1. In openSUSE 11.1, Zypper reached version 1.0. On June 2, 2009, Ark Linux announced that it has completed its review of dependency solvers and has chosen ZYpp and its tools to replace the aging apt-rpm, as the first distribution to do so. Zypper is also assimilated in the MeeGo, Sailfish OS and Tizen mobile Linux distributions.
History.
Purpose.
Following its consecutive acquisitions of Ximian and SuSE GmbH in 2003, Novell decided to merge both package management systems YaST package manager and Red Carpet in a best of breed approach, as the two solutions so far were used at Novell. Looking at the existing open source tools and their maturity available back in 2005, none of those fulfilled the requirements and were able to work smoothly with the existing Linux management infrastructure software developed by Ximian and SUSE, so it was decided to get the best ideas from existing pieces and to work on a new implementation. Libzypp, the resulting library, was aimed to be the software management engine of the SUSE distributions and the Linux Management component of the ZENworks Management suite.
The early days.
The Libzypp's solver was a port from the red carpet solver, which was written to update packages in an already installed system. Using it for the complete installation process brought it to its limits, and adding extensions such as support for weak dependencies and patches made it fragile and unpredictable. Although this first version of ZYpp's solver worked satisfactorily on the company enterprise products with the coupled ZMD daemon, it led to an openSUSE 10.1 release which came out in May 2006 with a system package not working as expected. In December 2006, the openSUSE 10.2 release corrected some defects of the previous release, using the revisited ZYpp v2. ZMD was subsequently removed from the 10.3 release and reserved only for the company Enterprise products. While ZYpp v3 provided openSUSE with a relatively good package manager, equivalent to other existing packages management systems, it suffered from some flaws in its implementation which greatly limited its speed performance.
SAT solver integration.
An area where libzypp needed significant improvement was the speed of the dependency solver.
Projects like OPIUM (Optimal Package Install/Uninstall Manager) and MANCOOSI were trying to fix dependency solving issues with a SAT solver. Traditional solvers like Apt sometimes show unacceptable deficiencies. SAT solvers, based on computational complexity theory, work differently from the usual tools such as Apt. It was decided to integrate SAT algorithms into the ZYpp stack; the solver algorithms used were based on the popular minisat solver.
The SAT solver implementation as it appears in openSUSE 11.0 is based on two major, but independent, blocks:
After several months of work, the benchmark results of this fourth ZYpp version integrated with the SAT solver are more than encouraging, moving YaST and Zypper ahead of other rpm-based package managers in terms of speed and footprint.

</doc>
<doc id="19861923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861923" title="Clem, Oregon">
Clem, Oregon

Clem is an unincorporated community in Gilliam County, Oregon, United States. It no longer has a post office. Clem is on Oregon Route 19 about southeast of Mikkalo.

</doc>
<doc id="19861938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861938" title="Breakaway World Tour">
Breakaway World Tour

The Breakaway World Tour is the first headlining concert tour by American pop rock artist, Kelly Clarkson. The tour promoted her second studio album, "Breakaway". This marks Clarkson's first world tour, visiting North America, Australia and Europe. The tour took place over a year, performing in theaters, concert halls, amphitheatres and arenas.

</doc>
<doc id="19861946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861946" title="Guy Accoceberry">
Guy Accoceberry

Guy Accoceberry (born Vittel, 5 May 1967) is a former French rugby union footballer. He played as a scrum-half.
He played for Tyrosse RCS and for CA Bordeaux-Bègles Gironde, from 1985/86 to 2000/01, where he achieved the greatest success of his career, winning the National Championship in 1990/91.
Accoceberry had 19 caps for France, from 1994 to 1997, scoring 2 tries, 10 points in aggregate. He had two matches played at the 1995 Rugby World Cup finals, and won a Grand Slam at the Five Nations, in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="19861948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861948" title="Peter Malam Brothers">
Peter Malam Brothers

Air Commodore Peter Malam 'Pete' Brothers, CBE, DSO, DFC & Bar (1917–2008) was a famed World War II Royal Air Force fighter pilot during the Battle of Britain. Brothers was scored a total of 16 kills during the Second World War, 10 of which were during the Battle of Britain.
Early life.
Born in Prestwich, Lancashire, the son of John Malam Brothers, Brothers was educated at North Manchester School. His early interest in flying was shown by learning to fly aged 16. He joined the Royal Air Force in January 1936, and was granted a short service commission as an acting pilot officer on probation on 23 March, Joining No 32 Squadron in October 1936, his commission was confirmed on 27 January 1937, and he was promoted to flying officer on 27 October 1938.
Second World War.
Brothers first saw action during the Battle of Britain as a flight commander in No 32. Squadron RAF which was then based at RAF Biggin Hill flying Hurricane aircraft. The Battle of Britain was a very busy time for Brothers, and during this time he shot down his first enemy aircraft - an Bf 109 - by the end of August 1940 he was officially recognised as a Flying ace, having shot down eight enemy aircraft. He was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross for this actions; the citation read:
Brothers was promoted substantive flight lieutenant on 3 September 1940, and due to the level of losses within 32 Sqn, it was stood down, and on 9 September he was posted to No. 257 Squadron RAF (also based at RAF Biggin Hill) on 9 September as a Flight Commander under S/L Robert Stanford Tuck. He was promoted in 1941 to Squadron Leader and took command of No. 457 Squadron RAAFin June 1941, and converted to the Spitfire aircraft. A year later when 457 Squadron returned to Australia, Brothers took command of No. 602 Squadron RAF. He became Tangmere Wing Wing Leader in October 1942. He was awarded a Bar to his DFC on 15 June 1943:
and the DSO in 1944:
By 1945, Brothers had flown 875 operational hours and was credited with having shot down 16 enemy aircraft and damaged many more. Despite his record, he was not offered a permanent commission so left the RAF in 1947 and joined the Colonial Service.
Post-war.
After two years as a district officer in Kenya, Brothers applied to rejoin the RAF. He was commissioned as a squadron leader on 2 June 1949 (with seniority from 5 August 1946), and rather to his surprise was given command of a bomber squadron, No. 57 Squadron RAF, equipped with the Avro Lincoln bomber. He held command from 1950 to 1952, which included the Malayan Emergency campaign (Operation Firedog). He was promoted wing commander on 2 July 1952, and after RAF Staff College, Andover he was appointed wing commander (flying) at RAF Marham. There he joined the V bombers, flying the Vickers Valiant jet bombers. He retired from the RAF in 1973, after tours including Staff Officer at SHAPE, Director of RAF Operations (Overseas), Air Officer Commading Military Air Traffic Operations and Director of Public Relations (RAF). He was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 1964 Queen's Birthday Honours.
Post-RAF life.
Brothers was best known for his Battle of Britain exploits and was the Chairman of the Battle of Britain Fighter Association for a number of years. He normally wore bright red socks. He died, aged 91, on 18 December 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19861953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861953" title="Linda Medlar">
Linda Medlar

Linda Medlar-Jones was a principal figure in a high profile political sex scandal that triggered an exhaustive 2 ½ year, multi-million dollar investigation by the U.S. Office of the Independent Counsel during the first term of U.S. President Bill Clinton. The principal target of the investigation was her former lover, Housing and Urban Development secretary Henry Gabriel Cisneros of San Antonio, Texas.
The illicit relationship between Medlar and Cisneros, who were both married at the time, began in 1987 while he was Mayor of San Antonio, and she was a volunteer Mayoral campaign staffer. Medlar, who according to court documents had a long history of mental illness, secretly recorded many of her telephone conversations with Cisneros. These recordings she later sold to Rupert Murdock’s Fox Network television program "Inside Edition" for the sum $15,000. In 1994, Medlar entered a lawsuit for $250,000 against Cisneros, accusing him of fraud, breach of contract, and failure to support her. This lawsuit was settled the following year for $49,000.
Court records reveal that Medlar had received a total of $250,000 from Cisneros between 1988 and 1992, prior to his cabinet appointment. These payments continued after Cisneros' Senate confirmation, court documents indicating that she received a total of $79,500 in 1993 alone.
The television broadcast of transcripts of the taped conversations, as well as a televised Inside Edition interview in which Medlar charged Secretary Cisneros with lying to the Federal Bureau of Investigation, prompted U.S. Attorney General Janet Reno to call for an independent investigation. As a result of the investigation, a Washington, D.C. grand jury handed down a 21 count indictment on December 11, 1997. In the 66 page indictment entitled the UNITED STATES OF AMERICA v. HENRY G. CISNEROS, LINDA D. MEDLAR, SYLVIA ARCE-GARCIA, and JOHN D. ROSALES, Independent Counsel David Barrett brought charges against HUD Secretary Cisneros, his former mistress Medlar, and two of Cisneros’ former employees. Medlar had previously been granted immunity in exchange for her testimony against Cisneros. This was in turn revoked due to false and misleading statements on her part during the criminal investigation.
Medlar was sentenced to prison. Secretary Cisneros pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor and served no jail time.
Second run-in with the law.
Ten years later, Medlar was convicted of bank fraud, in a scheme designed to provide her daughter with a home She was sentenced to four years in prison, and did not appeal the sentence, saying, "I guess there's a sense of relief that this is over with. I take full responsibility for it, but at the time I didn't know it was a crime."[http://lubbockonline.com/stories/032698/009-3666.shtml

</doc>
<doc id="19861962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861962" title="San Rosendo">
San Rosendo

San Rosendo is a Chilean city and commune in Bío Bío Province, Bío Bío Region.
The city of San Rosendo lies on the gentle slopes of a hill overlooking the confluence of the rivers Bío Bío and Laja, which respectively bound the city to the west and south. On the opposite bank of the Laja River is the city of Laja, forming both an incipient conurbation.
History.
San Rosendo was first a fort built by the Royal Governor Martín García Óñez de Loyola in 1593. It was destroyed and burned by the Mapuche in 1655, it recovered later but did not survive the rising of the Mapuche in 1723. The current settlement grew up around the railroad station in the same location in the later 19th century.
Demographics.
According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute, San Rosendo spans an area of and has 3,918 inhabitants (1,930 men and 1,988 women). Of these, 3,249 (82.9%) lived in urban areas and 669 (17.1%) in rural areas. The population fell by 10.4% (457 persons) between the 1992 and 2002 censuses.
Administration.
As a commune, San Rosendo is a third-level administrative division of Chile administered by a municipal council, headed by an alcalde who is directly elected every four years. The 2008-2012 alcalde is Duverlis Valenzuela Martínez (RN).
Within the electoral divisions of Chile, San Rosendo is represented in the Chamber of Deputies by Juan Lobos (UDI) and José Pérez (PRSD) as part of the 47th electoral district, (together with Los Ángeles, Tucapel, Antuco, Quilleco, Santa Bárbara, Quilaco, Mulchén, Negrete, Nacimiento, Laja and Alto Bío Bío). The commune is represented in the Senate by Victor Pérez Varela (UDI) and Mariano Ruiz -Esquide Jara (PDC) as part of the 13th senatorial constituency (Biobío-Coast).

</doc>
<doc id="19861964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861964" title="Claude F. A. Schaeffer">
Claude F. A. Schaeffer

Claude Frédéric-Armand Schaeffer (1898–1982) was a French archeologist, born in Strasbourg, who led the French excavation team that began working on the site of Ugarit, the present day Minet el-Beida in 1929, leading to the uncovering of the Ugaritic religious texts.

</doc>
<doc id="19861967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861967" title="Robert Kennedy &amp; His Times">
Robert Kennedy &amp; His Times

Robert Kennedy & His Times is a 1985 American television miniseries directed by Marvin J. Chomsky. The miniseries was released in three parts and depicts the life of Robert F. Kennedy.

</doc>
<doc id="19861979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861979" title="Biblioburro">
Biblioburro

The Biblioburro is a traveling library that distributes books to patrons from the backs of two donkeys, Alfa and Beto. The program was created in La Gloria, Colombia, by Luis Soriano. The biblioburro operates within the central municipalities of the Department of Magdalena, on Colombia's Caribbean shore.
Soriano became fascinated with reading as a child and obtained a college degree in Spanish literature after studying with a professor who visited his village twice a month. A primary school teacher by profession, Soriano developed the idea after witnessing first-hand the power reading had on his students, most of whom had lived through intense life conflicts at a young age. Starting in the late 1990s, Soriano traveled to communities in Colombia's Caribbean Sea hinterlands with a portable library, which began with 70 books.
Soriano wrote to Juan Gossaín, a Colombian journalist and writer, after having heard him read excerpts from his novel "The Ballad of Maria Abdala" on a radio program. Soriano asked Gossaín for a copy of his book to be distributed on the Biblioburro, details that Gossaín broadcast on his radio program. The response created a flood of book donations and Soriano's collection soon expanded to 4,800 volumes. Currently, construction of a small library building funded by a local financial company is half-finished due to lack of funds. Additional funding is also provided by the director of a community library, located nearly from the Caribbean shore in Santa Maria, who hired Soriano as a satellite employee in order to share a portion of its $7,000 USD annual budget.
Children's adventure stories have remained one of the most popular items distributed by the Biblioburros. In addition to encyclopedia volumes, novels, and medical texts, other items distributed by the Biblioburro include Horacio Quiroga's animal fable "Anaconda", the Dictionary of the Spanish Language of the Royal Spanish Academy ("Diccionario de la lengua española de la Real Academia Española") and a number of "Time–Life" travel pictorial books. Books lost from the collection include a sex education manual and a copy of Laura Esquivel's 1989 novel "Like Water for Chocolate", both of which were not returned by borrowers. A copy of Paulo Coelho's 1990 novel "Brida" was stolen by bandits, who tied up Soriano after attempting to rob him and discovered he had no money.
Colombian documentary filmmaker Carlos Rendón Zipagauta has made a film that tells the story of Soriano and the Biblioburros.
In June 2012, Soriano had a leg amputated after an accident involving one of his burros, but as of January 2013 he continued committed to his work.

</doc>
<doc id="19861993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19861993" title="All Hell Broke Loose">
All Hell Broke Loose

All Hell Broke Loose is a 1995 Israeli documentary that follows the victims of a Hamas suicide bombing in Israel a year after the attack.
Summary.
The documentary shares interviews with victims of a 1994 Hamas suicide-bomb that detonated at a bus station in Afula just as a group of students were boarding. The film looks at the cycle of prejudice and violence that feeds on itself and perpetuates the conflict between Jews and Arabs. 
After the massacre, Israelis rioted and chanted, “death to the Arabs.” Some family members, outraged by the terror their loved one had faced, chanted along. But others realized that Arabs had been injured too, and a rare few worked even harder to promote understanding and peace between the divided people. 
The film shares the devastating effects of having survived a terrorist attack. One little boy who survived the attack now has burn scars all over his back and arms; he was robbed of his naiveté and now stared at his playmates like a skeptical old man. He says he thinks about death now, which is something he'd never thought about before. 
Despite the documentary's grim subject matter, it does leave room to hope for the future. The film profiles two young people who are working to end the pattern of violence. A young Israeli girl and her Palestinian friend are leaders in a movement that brings Arabs and Jews together to live and socialize, in an effort to prove that the two groups can exist peacefully. When three Arabs move onto a house with three Jews on a Kibbutz their lives are challenging, but the idealists are willing to suffer through slanderous attacks in order to help move their nation in the direction they want to see it go.
See also.
Other Israeli Documentaries about the Israeli-Palestinian conflict:

</doc>
<doc id="19862015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862015" title="A Game for the Living">
A Game for the Living

A Game for the Living (1958) is a psychological thriller novel by Patricia Highsmith.
Synopsis.
Ramon, a devoutly Catholic furniture repairman from Mexico City, meets Theodore, a wealthy German atheist. An unlikely friendship develops, until Lelia, a woman they had both slept with and cared for, is found brutally raped, murdered and mutilated, leaving each man in suspicion of the other.

</doc>
<doc id="19862056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862056" title="Paddy O'Donoghue (Gaelic footballer)">
Paddy O'Donoghue (Gaelic footballer)

Paddy O'Donoghue is a selector for the Dublin senior football team along with Mickey Whelan for former manager Pat Gilroy. He was formerly a player for both his county Dublin and his club Kilmacud Crokes.
He won two Dublin Senior Football Championship medals with Kilmacud Crokes in 1994 and again in 1995. He also won two Leinster Senior Club Football Championship medals with Crokes in 1994 and 1995. He won an All-Ireland Senior Club Football Championship medal with Crokes in 1995; in the final, he was awarded the man of the match award. He also captained Trinity College Dublin to their first Ryan Cup in the 1998/89 season. He played with Dublin during the early nineties.
Prior to his appointment as Dublin selector, Paddy was the manager of the Kilmacud Crokes minor football team.

</doc>
<doc id="19862069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862069" title="Series ALFA (Revolvers)">
Series ALFA (Revolvers)

The ALFA Series of Revolvers are a series of Czech-made revolvers designed for law enforcement, private security agencies, personal security, and hunting needs. The ALFA Series is part of the three revolver series made by ALFA:
Series ALFA, Series ALFA Steel, and Series HOLEK. The revolvers in the ALFA Series all have a blued finish, and the only to have no chrome finish is the 12-inch Sports model.
Overview.
As the manufacturers' product page states:
The revolvers of cal. 357 Magnum have been designed to comply requirements of demanding users from among the law enforcing corps, private security agencies and citizens who take their safety seriously. The design of cartridge cylinder mounting in tilting console and shock transition control from the console to the frame considers as much as possible maintaining the minimum limits for a long time. Cylinder rotation design takes no compromise in forcing the cylinder turn by exact spacing distance to safely adjust to the barrel leaving no reckon on inertia of the cylinder to finish its turning movement. The user obtains thus a guarantee of safe action disabled when the cartridge is off the barrel axis even if the cylinder is braked, e.g. with impurities. The combination of 357 Magnum cartridge high output and our revolver makes up a reliable arms system for any crisis situation. Drop safety and all-steel design guarantee a high level of safety when carried under any condition. The accuracy and power of the six-inch version is a challenge for hunters using short guns. 
Models.
There are seven revolver models in the ALFA Series, each one longer and heavier than the last.
All the models have a 6-round cylinder capacity, and use a powerful .357 Magnum cartridge.
Model 3520.
Length, 7.5 inches (192 millimeters)
Barrel Length, 2 inches (51 millimeters)
Weight, 1.8 pounds (850 grams)
Sights, Fixed Iron
Model 3530.
Length, 8.5 inches (217 millimeters)
Barrel Length, 3 inches (76 millimeters)
Weight, 1.9 pound (890 grams)
Sights, Fixed Iron
Model 3531.
Length, 8.5 inches (217 millimeters)
Barrel Length, 3 inches (76 millimeters)
Weight, 1.9 pounds (900 grams)
Sights, Adjustable Iron
Model 3540.
Length, 9.5 inches (243 millimeters)
Barrel Length, 4 inches (102 millimeters)
Weight, 2.1 pounds (990 grams)
Sights, Fixed Iron
Model 3541.
Length, 9.5 inches (243 millimeters)
Barrel Length, 4 inches (102 millimeters)
Weight, 2.2 pounds (1000 grams)
Sights, Adjustable Iron
Model 3561.
Length, 11.5 inches (293 millimeters)
Barrel Length, 6 inches (152 millimeters)
Weight, 2.5 pounds (1150 grams)
Sights, Adjustable Iron
Model 3563 Sport.
Length, 11.8 inches (300 millimeters)
Barrel Length, 6 inches (152 millimeters)
Weight, 3 pounds (1390 grams)
Sights, LPA
References.
Product Page
See also.
List of firearms
ALFA Combat
ALFA Defender
Series ALFA Steel
Series HOLEK

</doc>
<doc id="19862091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862091" title="Hyderabad Civil Service">
Hyderabad Civil Service

The Hyderabad Civil Service, was a coveted service in the State of Hyderabad. It was popularly known by its acronym HCS. It was considered to be an elite service, and the best of the government officers were inducted into it through a competitive examination. The HCS was abolished upon the demise of Hyderabad State in 1948 when the Indian forces invaded and overran the state.
Officers belonging to the Hyderabad Civil Service were absorbed into the government civil services in India after 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="19862099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862099" title="Server centric gaming">
Server centric gaming

Server centric gaming is a term used in the fields of video lottery and casino gaming. Server centric gaming combines classic video poker and video lottery with features of a modern client-server computer network. Compared to traditional standalone slot machines, server centric systems offer more advanced functionality.
Server centric systems can be divided into Server Based Gaming (SBG) and Server Supported Gaming (SSG).

</doc>
<doc id="19862126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862126" title="Luciano Valente de Deus">
Luciano Valente de Deus

Luciano Valente de Deus (born 12 June 1981) is a Brazilian footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="19862127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862127" title="Papa A.P.">
Papa A.P.

Papa A.P. (born on January 6, 1982, in Chalatenango, Chalatenango, El Salvador) is a groove and R&B singer and producer of reggaeton. His biggest hits are his cover version of "Gasolina" and "Entre tu y yo (entre toi et moi)" (featuring Linda), released in 2005. He has eight brothers and sisters.

</doc>
<doc id="19862138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862138" title="Utrecht Hill Ridge">
Utrecht Hill Ridge

Utrecht Hill Ridge () is a ridge of low sandhills that stretches in a direction from southeast to northwest over the Dutch province of Utrecht and over a part of North Holland. The total length of the region is about 50 km. It covers an area of approximately 23.000 ha. The part of the ridge in North Holland is commonly called “Het Gooi”.
On the southeastern side the ridge rises sharply from the valley of the Nederrijn (“Lower Rhine”). Here the famous Grebbeberg (“Grebbe Mountain”) forms a landmark (52 m. high) where Battle of the Grebbeberg took place in 1940 as important part of Battle of the Netherlands. The highest peak of the ridge is the Amerongse Berg (“Amerongen Mountain”) of 68 m. On the northern side the ridge continues to the shores of the Gooimeer (“Lake Gooi”).
The Utrecht Hill Ridge was created 150.000 years ago as a push moraine in the Wolstonian Stage, a middle Pleistocene glacial period. Before that time the rivers Rhine and Meuse flowed more north, and created deposits of sand. The glaciers pushed this deposits in a southern and western direction.
After the last Ice Age the area got overgrown with woods. In historical times the population increased and woodlands were cleared for cattle and sheep. The Utrecht Hill Ridge was then largely covered with heather and sand drifts. In the 19th and 20th century large parts of the ridge were replanted with trees again.
The Utrecht Hill Ridge has given name to:

</doc>
<doc id="19862164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862164" title="2008 term United States Supreme Court opinions of John Paul Stevens">
2008 term United States Supreme Court opinions of John Paul Stevens


</doc>
<doc id="19862167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862167" title="Georgia statewide elections, 2008">
Georgia statewide elections, 2008

The Georgia statewide elections will be held on Election Day, November 4, 2008. If no candidate in a race receives a simple majority of the votes on Election Day, a run-off will be held on December 2. The primary election was held on July 15. Primary contests where no single candidate got a majority were decided in a runoff election on August 5.
Public Service Commissioner District 1.
This is a State wide race.
General Election Results.
Primary Results.
Republicans
Democrats
Libertarians
Public Service Commissioner District 4.
This is a State wide race.
General Election Results.
Primary Results.
Republicans
Democrats
Libertarians

</doc>
<doc id="19862173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862173" title="2000 Stuttgart Masters">
2000 Stuttgart Masters

The 2000 Stuttgart Masters was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts. It was the 12th edition of the event known that year as the Tennis Masters Series–Stuttgart or Stuttgart Masters, and was part of the Tennis Masters Series events of the 2000 ATP Tour. It took place at the Hanns-Martin-Schleyer-Halle in Stuttgart, Germany, from 30 October to 6 November 2000.
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19862179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862179" title="Paul Nugent (Gaelic footballer)">
Paul Nugent (Gaelic footballer)

Paul Nugent is a former selector and Gaelic footballer on the Dublin senior football team. He was one of the selectors for the Dublin senior football team during Pat Gilroy's first season in charge in 2009. He played inter-county football for Dublin between 1988 and 1991, and played club football with Thomas Davis GAA (winning three Dublin Senior Football Championship medals with them in 1989, 1990 and 1991). He played with the Dublin Junior team, which reached the all-Ireland Junior Football final in 1987 but failed to beat eventual winners Cork. Nugent was Thomas Davis senior football manager until Mick Bolan's appointment in December 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="19862181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862181" title="Server supported gaming">
Server supported gaming

Server Supported Gaming, or SSG, is a solution employed by video lotteries and casinos to operate Video Lottery Terminals (VLTs) and Electronic Gaming Machines (EGMs), the latter commonly referred to as slot machines. An SSG system includes a central system and gaming terminals which connect to the central system. SSG systems may be operated locally over a LAN or span large geographical areas, even entire nations, over a WAN, such as the Internet.
SSG is often mistakenly referred to as Server Based Gaming (SBG), both examples of server centric gaming. A key difference is that in SSG systems, each game terminal has to contain a Random Number Generator (RNG) and complete local copies of the games, whereas SBG systems centralize both the RNG and game logic. In SSG systems, the server support is limited to analysis, content distribution and management, while SBG systems utilize the server for the actual gameplay and multiple other features as well.
Certification and legality.
GLI (Gaming Laboratories International) has created a standard (GLI #21) which includes requirements and definitions for Server Centric Gaming systems, referred to as Client-Server Systems (CSS). GLI differentiates between Server Based Gaming Systems (SBGS) and Server Supported Gaming Systems (SSGS). GLI defines SBGS as “The combination of a server and client terminals in which the entire or integral portion of game content resides on the server.” SSGS is defined as “The combination of a server and client terminal(s) which together allow the transfer of the entire control program and game content to the client terminal(s)…” GLI certifies SBG and SSG systems according to the GLI #21 standard, something which is a requirement by many operators and jurisdictions for them to consider and allow such systems.

</doc>
<doc id="19862183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862183" title="The Two Faces of January">
The Two Faces of January

The Two Faces of January (1964) is a psychological thriller novel by Patricia Highsmith.
Synopsis.
The book revolves around American characters, but is set in Athens, Crete, and Paris. It involves a con artist, Chester MacFarland, who accidentally kills a Greek policeman who is investigating him. MacFarland's wife, Colette, and an American student, Rydal Keener, become involved in covering up the death and fleeing the country.
Reviews.
The publishers quote the following positive reviews:

</doc>
<doc id="19862197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862197" title="Judith T. Zeitlin">
Judith T. Zeitlin

Judith T. Zeitlin is a professor in Chinese literature and East Asian Languages and Civilizations at the University of Chicago. Her areas of interest are Ming-Qing literary and cultural history, with specialties in the classical tale and drama.
She describes her personal interests on her academic page at the University of Chicago as follows: 

</doc>
<doc id="19862206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862206" title="When Love Speaks">
When Love Speaks

When Love Speaks is a compilation album that features interpretations of William Shakespeare's sonnets - some spoken, some set to music - and excerpts from his plays by famous actors and musicians, released under EMI Classics in April 2002.
The title comes from a speech in "Love's Labour's Lost" - "And when love speaks, the voice of all the gods makes Heaven drowsy with the harmony" - which is, however, not on the album.

</doc>
<doc id="19862208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862208" title="2008 term United States Supreme Court opinions of Clarence Thomas">
2008 term United States Supreme Court opinions of Clarence Thomas


</doc>
<doc id="19862229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862229" title="Microtentacle">
Microtentacle

Microtentacles are microtubule-based membrane protrusions that occur in detached cells. They were discovered by scientists studying metastatic breast cancer cells at the University of Maryland, Baltimore. 
These novel structures are distinct from classical actin based extensions of adherent cells, persist for days in breast tumor lines that are resistant to apoptosis, and aid in the reattachment to matrix or cell monolayers.
The formation of microtentacles (McTNs) in detached or circulating tumor cells may promote seeding of bloodborne metastatic disease.
References.
Local anesthetics inhibit kinesin motility and microtentacle protrusions in human epithelial and breast tumor cells.
Yoon JR, Whipple RA, Balzer EM, Cho EH, Matrone MA, Peckham M, Martin SS.
Breast Cancer Res Treat. 2011 Oct;129(3):691-701. Epub 2010 Nov 11.
PMID: 21069453
c-Src differentially regulates the functions of microtentacles and invadopodia.
Balzer EM, Whipple RA, Thompson K, Boggs AE, Slovic J, Cho EH, Matrone MA, Yoneda T, Mueller SC, Martin SS.
Oncogene. 2010 Dec 2;29(48):6402-8. Epub 2010 Oct 18.
PMID: 20956943 
Microtentacles tip the balance of cytoskeletal forces in circulating tumor cells.
Matrone MA, Whipple RA, Balzer EM, Martin SS.
Cancer Res. 2010 Oct 15;70(20):7737-41. Epub 2010 Oct 5. Review.
PMID: 20924109 
Epithelial-to-mesenchymal transition promotes tubulin detyrosination and microtentacles that enhance endothelial engagement.
Whipple RA, Matrone MA, Cho EH, Balzer EM, Vitolo MI, Yoon JR, Ioffe OB, Tuttle KC, Yang J, Martin SS.
Cancer Res. 2010 Oct 15;70(20):8127-37. Epub 2010 Oct 5.
PMID: 20924103 
Metastatic breast tumors express increased tau, which promotes microtentacle formation and the reattachment of detached breast tumor cells.
Matrone MA, Whipple RA, Thompson K, Cho EH, Vitolo MI, Balzer EM, Yoon JR, Ioffe OB, Tuttle KC, Tan M, Martin SS.
Oncogene. 2010 Jun 3;29(22):3217-27. Epub 2010 Mar 15.
PMID: 20228842 
Antimitotic chemotherapeutics promote adhesive responses in detached and circulating tumor cells.
Balzer EM, Whipple RA, Cho EH, Matrone MA, Martin SS.
Breast Cancer Res Treat. 2010 May;121(1):65-78. Epub 2009 Jul 11.
PMID: 19593636 
Whipple, R.A.; Balzer, E.M.; Cho, E.H; Matrone, M.A; Yoon, J.R.; Martin, S.S. (2008) "Cancer Research", 68:5678-5688. 
Whipple, R.A., Cheung, A.M., Martin, S.S. (2007) Detyrosinated microtubule protrusions in suspended mammary epithelial cells promote reattachment. "Experimental Cell Research" 313(7):1326-36. 

</doc>
<doc id="19862265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862265" title="Dinsdale Park">
Dinsdale Park

Dinsdale Park is a 19th-century mansion and former Spa hotel at Low Dinsdale, near Darlington, County Durham, England now converted into residential apartments. It is a Grade II listed building.
Low Dinsdale Manor estate, anciently the seat of the Surtees family, was acquired by John Lambton of Lambton in 1770.
In 1789, during drilling for coal, a natural spring of sulphurated mineral water was discovered on the northern bank of the River Tees at Dinsdale. The first Spa was established there in 1797. In 1829 John Lambton, 1st Earl of Durham built the Dinsdale Spa Hotel on his estate to a design by architect Ignatius Bonomi. The three storey seven bayed mansion provided accommodation for seventy visitors. The business was not greatly successful and the property was sold for residential use, together with the manor, in 1844 to Henry George Surtees (High Sheriff of Durham) a descendant of the ancient family.
Following the sale of the property in 1914 by Aubone Surtees, the building has had various uses, including a psychiatric hospital, a local authority residential school and a nursing home. The grounds were laid out as a golf course and more recently the building has been converted into residential apartments.

</doc>
<doc id="19862275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862275" title="SERVE Afghanistan">
SERVE Afghanistan

SERVE Afghanistan (Serving Emergency Relief and Vocational Enterprise) is a Christian charity registered in UK which works in Afghanistan carrying out community development, education and training projects, particularly for Afghans with disabilities.
It was founded in 1972 to help victims of a famine in Ghor in Afghanistan and it was formally registered in 1980 as SERVE. In 2005 the charity transferred all assets to the newly formed charity SERVE Afghanistan.
SERVE Afghanistan is primarily funded by grants from other international charities, and in 2007 had an income of $2.2 million. The largest funders were TEAR UK, TEAR Australia and Kindernothilfe.
Gayle Williams was a member of this group in 2008 when she was murdered in Afghanistan.

</doc>
<doc id="19862292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862292" title="Secret of the Chinese Carnation">
Secret of the Chinese Carnation

Secret of the Chinese Carnation (, ) is a 1964 German-Italian drama film directed by Rudolf Zehetgruber and starring Paul Dahlke.

</doc>
<doc id="19862296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862296" title="Enchanted Forest (game)">
Enchanted Forest (game)

Enchanted Forest is a board game designed by Alex Randolph and Michel Matschoss that requires players to remember the locations of fairytale treasures. The first edition of the game was published by Ravensburger in Germany in 1981 under the original name Sagaland.
Gameplay.
Before gameplay commences, the scene is set by a king wanting to find an heir to the throne, as in his old age he has borne no children. Through the years, he has heard about the magical and mythical treasures that lie hidden in the Enchanted Forest below his large castle. He therefore proclaims that whoever finds 3 of these treasures for him will succeed him. From here on in, gameplay begins.
The board consists of a village (the starting place), the Enchanted Forest itself, and the castle to which players will reveal hidden treasures to the king. Each space is a circle and, depending on the edition of the game, the trees that contain pictures of the treasures on their bottom faces will be placed at specifically coloured circles (generally blue or noted by a tree symbol). There are a maximum of six playing pieces and each treasure depicted on the bottom of the thirteen trees corresponds to a card. These thirteen cards are placed face downward at the castle, except the top card (the treasure the king is currently seeking), which is face up.
Movement is focused around throwing two dice. According to the general rule, each dice throw outcome is considered a separate move, e.g., a 6 and 5 could be consider as either 11 in one direction, or 5 in one direction and 6 in the other, or vice versa. As each person throws the dice, his aim is to land on a circle that corresponds to a tree. Once a player lands on that space by the end of his move, he may look under the tree and must remember the treasure found there.
Once a player knows where the currently sought treasure is, he should make his way to the castle. By landing on another specific circle, that player then can guess where the treasure is. If correct, he keeps the top card and the next is turned over. However, if wrong, the player must replace the tree and immediately be return to the village.
Once a player gains three treasure cards, the game is over.
Variant.
Another gameplay mechanic includes using "magic", which can either change the top card, move a player to an empty tree space, or move a player to the castle. This, combined with other players' being able to land on each other, sending them back to the village, helps make the game more varied and hence more challenging.

</doc>
<doc id="19862319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862319" title="Love and Honor (album)">
Love and Honor (album)

Love and Honor is the seventh studio album (ninth overall) by country music artist Ricky Van Shelton and his last album for Columbia Records. This is also his first album of his career not to be produced by Steve Buckingham. Two singles released from this album, "Wherever She Is", and "Lola's Love" charted outside the top 40. "Lola's Love" was originally recorded by Sawyer Brown and featured on their 1987 album, "Somewhere in the Night".
Musicians.
Background Vocals

</doc>
<doc id="19862323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862323" title="Australia–Indonesia border">
Australia–Indonesia border

The Australia–Indonesia border is a maritime boundary running west from the two countries' tripoint maritime boundary with Papua New Guinea in the western entrance to the Torres Straits through the Arafura Sea and Timor Sea and terminating in the Indian Ocean. The boundary is, however, broken by the "Timor Gap", where Australian and East Timorese territorial waters meet and where the two countries have overlapping claims to the seabed.
Australia and Indonesia also share a common maritime border in the Indian Ocean between Australia's oversea territory of Christmas Island and the Indonesian island of Java.
An interesting characteristic of the maritime border between the two countries is the separation of the ownership of the seabed (essentially the continental shelf) and ownership of the water column (exclusive economic zone), each with their own boundary. Ownership over the seabed gives the country rights over all mineral resources in the seabed while ownership of the water column allows a country over fishing rights and other resources of the water in the specified area. The treaty establishing this and the western parts of the border as well as that between Christmas Island and Java, signed in 1997, has however not been ratified and is not in force. This was because the independence of East Timor required amendments to the 1997 treaty and agreement over them by the two parties is still pending.
The border.
The boundary is separated into three segments, with the first two broken by the Timor Gap. The first is between the Australia – Indonesia – Papua New Guinea tripoint at 10° 50' S, 139° 12' E, and the point whether the territorial waters of the two countries touch the eastern limits of the territorial waters claimed by East Timor at 9° 28' S, 127° 56' E. The second segment runs westward from the point where the territorial waters of the two countries touch the western limits of East Timor's territorial waters claim at 10° 28' S, 126° 00' E, to 13° 05' 27.0" S, 118° 10' 08.9" E in the Indian Ocean. The third is between the Australian external territory of Christmas Island and the Indonesia island of Java, in the Indian Ocean.
The boundary is established by three treaties, the third of which has been signed but not yet ratified. The Agreement between the Government of the Commonwealth of Australia and the Government of the Republic of Indonesia establishing Certain Seabed Boundaries signed in Canberra on 18 May 1971 established part of the eastern segment of the seabed boundary (as well as Indonesia's maritime boundary with Papua New Guinea in the Torres Straits) while the Agreement between the Government of the Commonwealth of Australia and the Government of the Republic of Indonesia establishing certain seabed boundaries in the area of the Timor and Arafura Seas, Supplementary to the Agreement of 18 May 1971 which was signed in Jakarta on 9 October 1972 demarcated the rest of the eastern segment and a portion of the western segment of the seabed boundary. The third treaty, the Treaty between the Government of Australia and the Government of the Republic of Indonesia establishing an Exclusive Economic Zone Boundary and Certain Seabed Boundaries (informally known as the Australia–Indonesia Maritime Delimitation Treaty) which was signed in Perth on 14 March 1997, extended the western segment of the seabed boundary to its termination point in the Indian Ocean.
The basis for establishing the boundary in the 1971 and 1972 treaties was that of the "natural prolongation" of the physical continental shelf. This resulted in the boundary running significantly north of the median line between the shores of Australia and Indonesia, thus benefiting Australia in terms of the division of the seabed ownership. The International Law view of settling overlapping claims has then moved towards the median-line concept, although Australia still holds the view that natural prolongation was still relevant to determine the sovereignty of the seabed. This resulted in the separate treatment of establishing the seabed boundary and that for the water column, or essentially, the separation of the continental shelf and exclusive economic zone boundaries under the 1997 treaty.
The independence of East Timor on 20 May 2002 may result in changes in the Australia–Indonesia border near the Timor Gap which were established by the three treaties. Provisions of the 1997 treaty on matters concerning the Timor Gap – such as reaffirming the Timor Gap Treaty between Australia and Indonesia and the drawing of the water column boundary through the area of joint development – would no longer be applicable with East Timor becoming the rightful claimant of the seabed and exclusive economic zone in the area. Furthermore, the "Timor Gap terminal points" established by the 1972 treaty, namely Points A16 and A17, might have to be renegotiated by Australia, East Timor and Indonesia, as East Timor might have the basis to seek a "wider" Timor Gap than originally provided by Australia and Indonesia.
Seabed (continental shelf) boundary.
Eastern segment.
The eastern segment of the boundary was established by both the 1971 and 1972 treaties, the former delimiting the border from A3 to A12 and the latter extending it from A12 to A16, which lies on the eastern border of the Australia – East Timor joint petroleum development area. Points A1, A2 and A3 form part of the Indonesia – Papua New Guinea border which was also established under the 1971 treaty when Papua New Guinea was still an Australian territory.
Western segment.
The 1972 treaty brought the boundary to Point A25 to the north-east of Australia's Ashmore Island. The 1997 treaty extended it further west, terminating at A82 in the Indian Ocean where Australia's and Indonesia's exclusive economic zone limits diverge.
Christmas Island/Java segment.
Christmas Island is an external territory of Australia located in the Indian Ocean south of the southern coast of Java. The maritime boundary between the island and Indonesia which was established by the 1997 treaty is a modified median line which lies closer to the island by virtue of it being an isolated island lying next to the coastline of a larger country. The boundary generally runs east-west and terminates both ends where the boundary of the Australian exclusive economic zone created around Christmas Island diverges from the Indonesian EEZ. Unlike the boundary in the Arafura and Timor Seas, there are no separate boundaries for the seabed and water column.
Water column (exclusive economic zone) boundary.
A separate "water column boundary", essentially an exclusive economic zone boundary for the ownership of fishery resources, was created under the 1997 treaty. The boundary starts from the Australia-Indonesia-Papua New Guinea tripoint at 10° 50' 00" S, 139° 12' 00" E, which is Point A3 of the seabed boundary and designated as Point Z1 of the water column boundary. It runs to the south of the Australia-Indonesia seabed boundary and terminates in the Indian Ocean where the Australian and Indonesia EEZ diverge. The boundary essentially follows the Provisional Fisheries Surveillance and Enforcement Line (PFSEL), a non-treaty status agreement made in 1981 between the two countries, and is generally based on the median line principle measures from the Australian mainland and Indonesian archipelagic baseline.
The 1997 treaty essentially separates the sovereignty of the seabed and water column in the area between the water column boundary and the seabed boundary, whereby Australia has sovereignty over the seabed and its resources, while Indonesia has sovereignty over the water column and the resources which live in it.
Although the 1997 treaty did not "close" the Timor Gap by establishing the seabed boundary in the area, it however established the water column boundary, which virtually corresponded with the boundary between Zone A and Zone B under the Timor Gap Treaty. With the independence of East Timor, this stretch of the water column boundary between Point Z28 and Point Z36 was no longer applicable. The stretch is now replaced with a "water column jurisdiction" line drawn by the Treaty on Certain Maritime Arrangements in the Timor Sea between Australia and East Timor signed on 12 January 2006 which corresponds with the southern border of the Australia-East Timor Joint Petroleum Development Area (JPDA), with Australia having control over the water column south of the line, and East Timor to the north including over the entire JPDA.
Disputes.
With the signing of the 1997 Australia–Indonesia Maritime Delimitation Treaty, most grey areas between the two countries, whose relations have at various stages ranged from cordial to downright hostile, concerning their common maritime boundary could be deemed to have been settled. This includes not only the question of sovereignty over the seabed but also the ownership of resources inhabiting the water column above the seabed. The earlier dispute over the sovereignty of the seabed in the area known as the "Timor Gap" also ended with the secession and independence of East Timor.
The following were areas of disputes in the historical context.
Boundary delimitation principle.
The first two treaties to establish the seabed boundary between Australia and Indonesia utilised the "natural prolongation of the continental shelf" principle. Especially for the second treaty, Australia argued that the deep Timor Trough was the natural edge of its continental shelf. The resulting boundary was therefore located closer to Indonesia and had potentially denied considerable share of petroleum resources from the seabed.
Despite the principle being agreed to via negotiations, its use had been a constant point of discontent on the part of the Indonesians, with its former Foreign Minister Mochtar Kusumaatmadja saying that the country had been "taken to the cleaners" by Australia. With the 1982 United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, Indonesia argued that the median line – the equidistant line from the baselines of both countries – was the correct location of the boundary. The growing strength of Indonesia's argument over Australia's natural prolongation principle had a significant bearing on the subsequent treaties between the two countries, namely the Timor Gap Treaty of 1989 and the 1997 Australia–Indonesia Maritime Delimitation Treaty.
The differing principles on where the boundary was to be located resulted in the inability to reach agreement to close the Timor Gap with a permanent maritime boundary. A resources sharing joint development area arrangement instead had to be agreed to. Further details on this in the following section.
The 1997 treaty saw Australia's natural prolongation argument prevail as far as the seabed (essentially the continental shelf) claim is concerned. However, Indonesia's median line argument was accepted for establishing its rights over the water column or exclusive economic zone, resulting in the separation of the two types of boundaries. The treaty recognises Indonesia's full ownership of living resources in the water north of the water column boundary and south of the seabed boundary. The water column boundary, essentially the median line, has in fact been a de facto EEZ boundary since such a line was established by the Provisional Fisheries Surveillance and Enforcement Line (PFSEL) which was agreed to in 1981.
Timor Gap.
Australia and Indonesia were engaged in negotiations to solve a dispute over overlapping claims to the continental shelf in the Timor Gap when East Timor was annexed and became part of Indonesian territory in 1975. After the two earlier seabed boundary treaties, Indonesia was determined that the seabed boundary that would close the Timor Gap would lie along the median line between the two countries. Australia however saw that its continental shelf should stretch to the Timor Trough, a deep trench in the Timor Sea which was located from the southern shore of Timor and at least from Australia.
Talks began in 1979 but there was no agreement over the permanent maritime boundary. Instead, the two countries settled for a "sovereignty neutral" agreement in 1989 which allowed joint exploitation and equal sharing of petroleum resources in a "zone of cooperation" which lay in between the extremes of the claims by the two countries.
The 1989 treaty was no longer valid once East Timor seceded from Indonesia in 1999, and the new state was not bound by the treaty. Indonesia had also informed Australia later that year that it was no longer bound by the Timor Gap Treaty.
The dispute over the Timor Gap now is between Australia and East Timor and does not involve Indonesia. However, Indonesia may have to become a party in negotiations to establish the Australia-East Timor-Indonesia border tripoints if East Timor chooses not to be bound by the current "width" of the Timor Gap which was decided by Australia and Indonesia (through the 1972 treaty) without consultation with the East Timorese or Portugal which was then the colonial administrator of East Timor.

</doc>
<doc id="19862330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862330" title="1999 Eurocard Open">
1999 Eurocard Open

The 1999 Stuttgart Masters (known as the "Eurocard Open" for sponsorship reasons) was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts. It was the 4th edition of the Stuttgart Masters, and was part of the ATP Super 9 of the 1999 ATP Tour. It took place at the Schleyerhalle in Stuttgart, Germany, from October 25 through November 1, 1999.
The singles field was led by. Other top seeds were.

</doc>
<doc id="19862341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862341" title="Laureano Fuentes">
Laureano Fuentes

Laureano Fuentes Matons (Santiago de Cuba, 3 July 1825 – 30 September 1898) came from a family of musicians and wrote the first opera to be composed on the island, "La hija de Jéfe" (the Chief's daughter). This was later lengthened and staged under the title "Seila". His numerous works spanned all genres. Wrote "Las artes en Santiago de Cuba" (1893) in which a transcription of the "Son de Ma Teodora" (purportedly composed in the 16th century) is given. An extended assessment of his work is given by Carpentier.

</doc>
<doc id="19862344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862344" title="The Other Lover">
The Other Lover

The Other Lover is a 1985 television film directed by Robert Ellis Miller and executive produced by Larry A. Thompson.
Plot.
Jack Hollander is a novelist, infuriated with his publicists for putting a soft-porn cover on his latest novel. He confronts marketing director Claire Fielding and demands to know what the cover has to do with the book itself. She admits she didn't read the book before deciding what cover should be used, but assures him it will only help selling the book.
Despite of their strong different opinions, they are drawn to each other and start a romance. The problem is Claire is already married to Peter and has two children, Alson and Maggie. Claire is torn between choosing Jack and Peter. With Peter, she has a steady and quite happy marriage. However, the romance has been gone for a long time and all they do is worry about the bills and children. If she chooses Jack, she has a passionate and rejuvenating affair, without assurance of what the future will offer.

</doc>
<doc id="19862350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862350" title="Beverwijk railway station">
Beverwijk railway station

Beverwijk is a railway station located in Beverwijk, the Netherlands. The station opened on 1 May 1867 and is on the Haarlem–Uitgeest railway.
Train services.
The following services currently call at Uitgeest:

</doc>
<doc id="19862374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862374" title="Nadia Hebson">
Nadia Hebson

Nadia Hebson (born 1974 in Romsey, Hampshire) is a British painter.
Life and career.
Hebson attended St. Martins School of Art (1993–96) and then the Royal Academy in London (1997–2000). 
In 2007, she was awarded the Derek Hill Rome Scholarship at the British School at Rome. In 2008, she was appointed Artist in Residence at Durham Cathedral, and was in 2008 presented with the Sovereign European Art Prize by Jarvis Cocker, Tim Marlow, Sir Peter Blake and Alan Yentob.
Her work has been shown by Cathy Lomax and the Transition Gallery in London.
Shows.
Solo exhibitions include "Lusqvarna", Landguard Fort (an off-site project with Arts Council England, English Heritage and Landguard Trust). She has exhibited at the Royal Academy Summer Exhibition every year since 1999.
Awards and prizes.
In 2003, she was awarded the BOC Emerging Artist Award which was selected by Matthew Collings and Sir Peter Blake RA. She has also received the Andre De Segonzac Travel Award, the British Institute Drawing Prize, the Vincent Harris Award, the Arte Viva Painting Prize, Italy and the Cohn and Wolfe Painting Prize, selected by Andrew Graham Dixon.
In 2005, she won the Duveen Woman Artists Award and the Casson Drawing Prize along with Paula Rego and Frank Auerbach. In 2006 and 2007, she received the Arts Council England Individual Award. In 2008, Hebson was also nominated by Humphrey Ocean RA for The Arts Foundation Fellowship programme.
Works.
Hebson makes several specific types of art work, most recently: intense, romantic and darkly atmospheric seascapes and shipwrecks which are reminiscent of the Gustave Doré prints for Samuel Taylor Coleridge's: ""The Rime of the Ancient Mariner"
"If you have never been at sea in a heavy gale," observed Edgar Allan Poe in his "A Descent into the Maelström", “you can form no idea of the confusion of mind occasioned by the wind and spray together. They blind, deafen and strangle you, and take away all power of action and reflection.” Poe’s description is an account as seen from the inside of the experience he describes. It is presented (even though within a work of fiction) as fact, as an unpleasantly intimate engagement with nature in one of its most inhospitable forms. Nadia Hebson’s paintings call up as one of many reference points the works of Poe, but one’s impression of her relation to the imagery she employs is that of someone who observes an incident, place or individual from a point at some distance from it. Whereas Poe writes as though his claim of personal experience guarantees something important about the occasion he describes, Hebson refrains from such recursive realistic constraints, instead presenting a series of images that appear to take us to locations to which it is unlikely that she herself has been."" 
Hebson also makes portrait heads in oil on copper (usually of women) reminiscent of Early Netherlandish Painting such as Hans Memling, Rogier van der Weyden and Jan van Eyck. Hebson has also moved into installation upon occasion, in an attempt to conjure up the kinds of atmospheres she creates in her paintings. Her work has high emotional content which goes against the grain of prevailingly ironic contemporary British art trends. 
Her inspirations are mostly art historical though her titles often give clues to more literary influences like Robert Walser, W.G. Sebald and Herman Melville. In 2006, she curated the group show "The Whiteness of the Whale" which attempted an artistic response to the famous chapter in "Moby-Dick".

</doc>
<doc id="19862401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862401" title="Perla-class submarine">
Perla-class submarine

The "Perla"-class submarines were a group of submarines built for the Italian Navy in the 1930s. They were the third sub-class of the 600 Series of submarines built by Italy and designed by Bernadis.
The "Iride" and "Onice" were lent to the Nationalist side in the Spanish Civil War as the "Gonzales Lopez" and "Aguilar Tablada" respectively. They retained their Italian crews with a Spanish liaison officer. They were returned to the Italian Navy at the end of the conflict.
In 1940–42 the "Ambra" and "Iride" were modified as carriers for "Maiale" manned torpedoes for use by the Decima Flottiglia MAS. The "Maiale" were carried in watertight containers on the deck of the submarines. In common with other Italian submarines the survivors were fitted with smaller conning towers in 1942–43.

</doc>
<doc id="19862404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862404" title="French frigate Bellone (1807)">
French frigate Bellone (1807)

Bellone was a 44-gun "Consolante"-class frigate of the French Navy.
French service.
"Bellone", under the command of Guy-Victor Duperré, departed Saint-Malo on 18 January 1809, bound for the Indian Ocean. She sailed from La Réunion for a combat patrol in August. On 2 November she captured HMS "Victor". Twenty days later, she captured the 48-gun Portuguese "Minerva" after a 2-hour battle. "Bellone" sailed back to La Réunion with her prize, arriving on 2 January 1810.
In April 1810, the squadron comprising "Bellone", "Minerve" and "Victor" departed for another patrol, during which they fought the Action of 3 July 1810 and the Battle of Grand Port.
"Bellone" was surrendered to the British when Île de France fell, on 4 December 1810. 
British service.
"Bellone" was recommissioned in the Royal Navy as HMS "Junon".
In June 1812, "Junon" escorted a convoy from Portsmouth to India.
On 8 February 1813, nine boats and 200 men of the squadron of which "Junon" was part captured the letter of marque schooner "Lottery". "Lottery" was of 210 tons burthen (bm), copper-bottomed and fastened, and carried six 12-pounder carronades, though she was pierced for 16 cannon. Her crew put up a strong defense with the result that the British cutting out party suffered six men wounded, half severely or dangerously, one of whom died later; "Junon" herself suffered two men wounded. The Americans suffered 19 men wounded, including their captain, John Southcomb, before they struck. Southcomb died of his wounds and his body was taken ashore. "Lottery" had been carrying a cargo of coffee, sugar and lumber from Baltimore to Bordeaux. A week later "Lottery" convoyed several prizes to Bermuda. The Royal Navy took "Lottery" into service as .
In June, "Bellone"s boats raided the James River, and she sustained attack by US gunboats.
On 3 April 1814, as she sailed with HMS "Tenedos", she encountered the USS "Constitution", which fled at all sail, dropping drinking water and food overboard, and eventually making it to Marblehead harbour.

</doc>
<doc id="19862425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862425" title="Kristina and Karissa Shannon">
Kristina and Karissa Shannon

Kristina and Karissa Shannon (born October 2, 1989 in Ann Arbor, Michigan) are American glamour models, Playboy Playmates, and twin sisters.
Career.
In 2008, the Shannons moved into the Playboy Mansion as two of Hugh Hefner's three new girlfriends; because of their relationship with Hefner, the Shannons began appearing on the E! network reality television series "The Girls Next Door". Despite their "girlfriend" status, Karissa said the relationship she and Kristina shared with Hefner was more for fun and the opportunity to be on the show, rather than romance. The first episode they appeared in attracted 2.4 million viewers, making it the most-watched season premiere in the show's history; five weeks after the premiere, ratings had dropped to 919,000.
The Shannons appeared as Miss July and Miss August 2009 in the combined "summer issue" of "Playboy magazine", the double issue was necessitated by financial problems at the publisher. Unlike other previous centerfold twins, they managed to earn two consecutive months as Playmates, but shared a single centerfold. By January 2010, the Shannon twins moved out of the mansion, though they continued to appear in "The Girls Next Door".
The twins had small roles in "Somewhere", a film directed by Sofia Coppola which won top honors at the 67th Venice International Film Festival in 2010.
In 2010 Karissa Shannon attracted some publicity by confirming she had been involved in sex tapes with Spencer Pratt and Heidi Montag. One sex tape of her and boyfriend actor Sam Jones III was released on DVD by Vivid Entertainment in October 2010 as "Karissa Shannon Superstar". In 2011, Karissa and Sam Jones III released the song "Juice and Vodka", which is available on iTunes.
On 5 January 2012, the twins participated in the ninth series of the UK reality show, "Celebrity Big Brother" in which they came 5th. They also appeared on the companion series to the show, "Big Brother's Bit on the Side".
Personal life.
The twins were raised in Clearwater Beach, Florida and attended Largo High School for a time.
In 2012, based on video and photos of the two (and Shannon's own admission), Kristina was reported to be dating fellow Playmate and 2009 Playmate of the Year Ida Ljungqvist. Ljungqvist was the Playmate of the Month for March 2008. The two met during the period when Shannon (and her sister) were dating Hefner and living at the Playboy mansion.
Legal issues.
Karissa was arrested on a misdemeanor battery charge in November 2007.
The Shannons were both charged in January 2008 with aggravated battery after reportedly fighting with two others at a house party. The assistant state attorney filed the charge as felony battery. After pleading no contest, they were put on probation and required to pay restitution.

</doc>
<doc id="19862443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862443" title="Traitor's Gate (film)">
Traitor's Gate (film)

"Traitor's Gate" () is a 1964 German-British co-production crime film directed by Freddie Francis and starring Albert Lieven and Gary Raymond. It was made by Rialto Films using Hammer Films' Freddie Francis and screenwriter Jimmy Sangster updating the 1927 novel by Edgar Wallace to present times. The film features a group of criminals planning to steal the Crown Jewels of the United Kingdom from the Tower of London.

</doc>
<doc id="19862445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862445" title="2008 Bahrain Championship">
2008 Bahrain Championship

The 2008 Bahrain Championship professional ranking snooker tournament took place between 8 and 15 November 2008 at the Bahrain International Exhibition Centre in Manama, Bahrain. It was the fourth ranking event of the 2008/2009 season.
Due to a clash with a previously arranged Premier League match-day, three leading players (John Higgins, Mark Selby and Ding Junhui) were forced to miss the event. This meant that they earned no ranking points. While Matthew Stevens (#17), Ken Doherty (#18) and Jamie Cope (#19) qualified automatically due to the extra spaces in the draw. Likewise, the players ranked from 33–35 and 49–51 played one qualifier less than usual. Additionally, Ronnie O'Sullivan withdrew three days before the tournament for unspecified medical reasons. 
Steve Davis was also involved in Premier League action, playing on 13 November, but did not withdraw from the tournament. He played his qualifying match and received a walkover due to O'Sullivan's withdrawal, meaning that he reached the last sixteen. However before his last 16 match he withdrew from the event as an ear infection prevented him from flying to Bahrain. 
Neil Robertson won his third ranking title by defeating Matthew Stevens 9–7.
Prize fund.
The breakdown of prize money for this year is shown below: 
Wildcard round.
The 6 lowest ranking qualifiers played one wildcard match each. Matches were played at Bahrain International Exhibition Centre on Saturday, 8 November.
Qualifying.
Qualifying for the tournament took place at Pontins in Prestatyn, Wales between 27 and 30 October 2008. 

</doc>
<doc id="19862447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862447" title="Vimont">
Vimont

Vimont can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19862473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862473" title="Oklahoma Derby">
Oklahoma Derby

The Oklahoma Derby is an American Thoroughbred horse race run annually in mid-October at Remington Park located in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. Open to three-year-olds, the Grade III stakes is set at a distance of 1⅛ miles (9 furlongs) on the dirt. The Derby offers a purse of $400,000.
From 1989 through 1996, it was raced at a distance of 11/16 miles (8.5 furlongs).
Originally named the Remington Park Derby, in 2001 the race was renamed the Oklahoma Derby. It is the track's flagship event and the most lucrative Thoroughbred race at Remington Park. Other big races at the track include the Oklahoma Classics, the Springboard Mile, and the Heritage Place Futurity. 
Records.
Speed record:
Most wins by a trainer:
Most wins by an owner:

</doc>
<doc id="19862475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862475" title="WEBL">
WEBL

WEBL may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19862487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862487" title="Red Bull Racing (disambiguation)">
Red Bull Racing (disambiguation)

Red Bull Racing may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19862490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862490" title="Ephrat">
Ephrat

Ephrat released their debut album "No One's Words" in September 2008, with guest stars Daniel Gildenlow (Pain of Salvation) and Petronella Nettermalm (Paatos).
The album was mixed and mastered by Steven Wilson (Porcupine Tree).
Ephrat performed a 40 minutes set as an opening act for Dream Theater in their first appearance in Israel on June 16, 2009, in front of 12,000 people. The act included the songs "The Show", "Better than Anything", "Blocked" and "Real" from the album No One’s Words.

</doc>
<doc id="19862510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862510" title="Hester v. United States">
Hester v. United States

Hester v. United States, 265 U.S. 57 (1924), was a decision by the United States Supreme Court, which established the open fields doctrine. In an opinion written by Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes, the court held that "the special protection accorded by the Fourth Amendment to the people in their 'persons, houses, papers and effects', is not extended to the open fields."

</doc>
<doc id="19862526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862526" title="Løvstakken Tunnel">
Løvstakken Tunnel

Løvstakken Tunnel () is a road tunnel in the city of Bergen, Norway. It connects Fyllingsdalen with eastern Laksevåg and the city centre, and was built to improve connectivity with the newly developed area. Opened in 1968, it had an average daily traffic of 17,015 vehicles in 2007, down from 17,702 vehicles in 2000. The tunnel is long.
In 2002, a safety study by the German company Deutsche Technologie found serious shortcomings in the tunnel's safety, and among 30 European tunnels studied, the tunnel was ranked in 27th place. To improve matters, the inflammable polyethylene foam in the tunnel was removed, fire extinguishers and emergency phones were installed at and intervals respectively, surveillance cameras, emergency lighting, and emergency signage were introduced, and the speed limit was reduced from . This raised the safety standard to minimum requirements, but the traffic volume is still large for a single tunnel.

</doc>
<doc id="19862528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862528" title="Jean-Michel Frodon">
Jean-Michel Frodon

Jean-Michel Frodon (born 20 September 1953 in Paris) is a journalist, critic and historian of cinema.
Biography.
Born Jean-Michel Billard, he writes with a pseudonym borrowed from Frodo of "The Lord of the Rings". He has a masters degree and a DEA in history. He worked as an educator from 1971 to 1981. Next, he was a photographer from 1981 to 1985. In 1983, he became a journalist and film critic for the weekly periodical "Le Point", of which his father, Pierre Billard, also a journalist and a film critic, was one of the founders and chief editors. He held this post until 1990.
He took over the same functions at the daily newspaper "Le Monde" in 1990 and in 1995, he became responsible for the daily film column. In 2003 he became head editor of "Cahiers du cinémas" four years after its purchase by "Le Monde". After leaving in 2009, he writes the blog "Projection publique" on website "slate.fr".
He has written, at times, for numerous other journals of cinema. In 2001 he founded L'Exception, the think tank about cinema. Has been teaching at Pantheon-Sorbonne University and École Normale Supérieure, currently teaches at Sciences Po Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="19862536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862536" title="Weekender Records">
Weekender Records

Weekender Records was an Artist Management Company and an independent record label, based in London, England, it also had a sister company based in Berlin Germany. The company closed in March 2010 (Germany in 2009).
History.
It was established in September 2006. Initially started by Austrian based club owner Justin Barwick with help from London based band manager Grant Box and Dymphna Terzoli who had 9 years' experience in the industry including Virgin Records, Mean Fiddler, KOKO. The label took its name from the Weekender Club in Innsbruck where many artists on the label were discovered. Its first year saw the release of an album by DOGS, a multitude of single releases including Eight Legs, The Lea Shores, The Runners, Look See Proof and The Indelicates, many of whom would go on to be album artistes. During the first year the label hosted its own stage at the hugely successful Shoreditch 1234 festival in London.
Further releases included Swedish band Shout Out Louds album Our Ill Wills and the debut singles by Official Secrets Act, twee Scottish casio pop band Sugar Crisis and Isolated Atoms.
In 2009 Weekender had a change of direction becoming an Artist Management Company affectionately known as WAM (Weekender Artist Management). As of October 2009 there were three artists signed to WAM, The Lines from Wolverhampton, An Experiment On A Bird In The Air Pump from London and also Londoner Sam Beer.
In 2008 and 2009 Weekender UK had its own stage at one of Europes biggest festivals, Frequency in Austria (120,000 people over 3 days). The festival continued to call the stage Weekender in 2010 and 2011 (although the festival site moved to St.Polten in Austria) and Justin Barwick is still working for the festival managing the stage.
Gordon Keen has spent years in the music business. He has played guitar with BMX Bandits, Eugenius, and has supported Nirvana as part of Captain America. Gordon is now based in Scotland where he continues his career as a session musician, was involved in setting up the Gorbals Sound recording complex and has various other media and business interests.
James Amner is still in the music business based in Camden where he manages various artists. He assisted in releasing The Lines album (which had been recorded whilst they were with Weekender) on CD and download.
Lesley Olivares continues as an accountant in her hometown of Brighton.
Justin Barwick continues as a director of Weekender Club in Innsbruck and now has a record shop called Downtown Sound, also in Innsbruck. Justin continues to DJ around Europe playing mostly 60's and 70's beat, psyche, ska, rock, glam (often as DJ FunkSoulRebel or DJ The Fooligan). He is also involved with new projects to release records on vinyl such as the debut single for London band Peter Parker's Rock & Roll Club (Sept 2011).

</doc>
<doc id="19862537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862537" title="National Bone Health Campaign">
National Bone Health Campaign

The national bone health campaign teaches young girls habits for improving their bone health by encouraging them to eat more foods with calcium and vitamin D, and participating in physical activities that help the bones.
History.
The National Bone Health Campaign began in 1999 as a public/private partnership among the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), the Department of Health and Human Services' Office on Women’s Health (OWH), and the National Osteoporosis Foundation (NOF).

</doc>
<doc id="19862573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862573" title="Boggulkunta">
Boggulkunta

Boggulkunta is a commercial area in Hyderabad, the capital city of Andhra Pradesh, India. It lies between the commersial areas of Abids and Koti.
Commercial area/ Hospitals.
It is surrounded by Abids and Koti.. there is a very old church of Medak diocese built by Posnett and besides this church, the church owned building ' Posnett Bhavan' let out to Government and private agencies is available. In the third floor of the Building there is Directorate of Census Operations, Andhra Pradesh office.
The very famour Frenandez Maternity Hospital is located over here. The famous King Koti Palace is located here.
The King Koti palace has a unique Gate known as " Pardha Gate ". Once, the Nizam of Hyderabad used to reside in this very Palace.
Very recently a new Hospital has been started which is very famous in the hyderabad city,Kameneni Hospitals.There are some popular restaurants like Kolani's Kitchen and Mayur Pan shop etc.
Transport.
The state run APSRTC has a big bus junction at close by koti to all parts of the city.
The closest MMTS Train Station is at Kachiguda or Malakpet.
School.
There is a popular college Pragathi Mahavidyalaya which has a college and a school.

</doc>
<doc id="19862592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862592" title="WorldBand Media">
WorldBand Media

WorldBand Media Inc. is a North American media company specializing in the production and distribution of ethnic based media content. It currently owns and operates HumDesi Radio, a national South Asian radio network broadcasting in the United States and on a number of digital platforms across North America and online around the world.
WorldBand Media has also partnered with One Caribbean Radio, a New York City station that broadcasts a variety of Caribbean music, news, and entertainment on 97.9 FM HD-2.

</doc>
<doc id="19862599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862599" title="Kennessee Green">
Kennessee Green

Kennessee Green is a village in the southern half of Maghull in Metropolitan Borough of Sefton, Merseyside, England. Kennessee Green has two churches: St Andrew's Church and St. Georges Church. The village of Kennessee Green is situated around Maghull railway station, St Andrew's Church and the former epileptic homes located around Damfield Lane and Deyes Lane. The village also contains two high schools, Deyes High School and Maricourt High School.
History.
Historically in Lancashire, Kennessee Green grew when the Liverpool, Ormskirk and Preston Railway was founded. Wealthy families moved from Liverpool to the area and lived in the large Victorian houses around Tree View Court and Maghull railway station. By 1901, Kennessee Green was significantly larger than Maghull itself, and was connected to Maghull through various narrow roads. 
During the 20th century, Kennessee Green and Maghull both grew with housing estates being built which consequently connected the areas together. The new housing estates did not respect the historic street patterns of both of the villages. In 1974, Kennessee Green and Maghull were moved from the West Lancashire Rural District in the administrative and ceremonial county of Lancashire and placed into the newly formed Metropolitan Borough of Sefton in the also newly formed ceremonial county of Merseyside.
There are no signs to mark Kennessee Green as it is contiguous with Maghull. 
Shopping.
Kennessee Green has no significant centre but it has a small busy row of shops called Tree View Court has referred to as Station Shops, they are located on the junction of Station Road and Taylors Lane and one block from the railway station and the Great Mogul Pub. Tree View Court includes a newsagent, a pharmacy, and a Spar convenience store amongst other shops.
Transport.
Kennessee Green includes Maghull railway station, with services to Liverpool and Ormskirk operated by Merseyrail. Kennessee Green is also close to Switch Island, one of the largest junctions in the Merseyside area, with the M57 and M58 motorways nearby. And the A59 is situated to the west of the village, connecting Maghull and Kennessee Green with Liverpool, Aintree, Litherland, Preston and Ormskirk.

</doc>
<doc id="19862622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862622" title="Munich 1941 chess tournament">
Munich 1941 chess tournament

The Second "Europaturnier" was held from 8 to 14 September 1941 in Munich. The event was organised by Ehrhardt Post, the Chief Executive of Nazi "Grossdeutscher Schachbund". The First "Europaturnier" had taken place in Stuttgart in May 1939. 
Results.
The event was won by Gösta Stoltz, who scored a spectacular victory with 1½ points ahead of Alexander Alekhine and Erik Lundin. Stoltz won 1,000 Reichsmarks and received a trophy that was donated by Bavarian "Ministerpräsident" at the time Ludwig Siebert. The trophy was made of Meissen porcelain and worth close to $1,000.
The results and standings:
Max Euwe's rejection.
Former world champion Max Euwe declined the invitation due to "occupational obligations" as manager of a groceries business. He would later decline the invitation to a similar event, Salzburg 1942 chess tournament for futile reasons. It is speculated that the real motive was the invitation of Alexander Alekhine, who had written antisemitic articles. Among others, Alekhine had written about the "Jewish clique" around Euwe in the World Chess Championship 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="19862624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862624" title="Neues vom Hexer">
Neues vom Hexer

Neues vom Hexer (lit. "News from the Wizard") is a 1965 West German crime film directed by Alfred Vohrer and starring Heinz Drache. It is part of a series of German screen adaptations of Edgar Wallace's thriller novels, and the direct sequel of the 1964 film "Der Hexer".

</doc>
<doc id="19862646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862646" title="Akingbade">
Akingbade

Akingbade.
Akingbade is a West African Surname which is held by a number of individuals all over the world.
Definition.
The definition of the name Akingbade is “strong/brave one who wears the crown” Its origin is from the West African language of Yoruba.
A more detailed origin of the surname is situated in the town of Epe (now in Lagos, Nigeria).
History.
In ancient times (before the colonisation by the British Empire) each town had its own monarchy. Yoruba surnames tell a history of the holders ancestors.It is well known that the surname Akingbade comes from the royal family in Epe. It is not entirely clear what the history of the name is but one could assume that centuries ago a battle was fought and one of the Akingbade ancestors managed to seize the monarchy.
Modern era.
However it is unclear if any active royals still remain in Epe. Many Akingbades now live across the globe with a high percentage in Great Britain and the USA.

</doc>
<doc id="19862648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862648" title="Max Sánchez">
Max Sánchez

Club career.
Sánchez has previously played for Santos de Guápiles, C.S. Cartaginés, Deportivo Saprissa, Puntarenas FC and Municipal Liberia in the Primera Division de Costa Rica.
International career.
Sánchez made four appearances for the Costa Rica national football team, his debut coming in the 2002 CONCACAF Gold Cup semi-final against South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="19862652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862652" title="Musical road">
Musical road

A musical road is a road, or part of a road, which when driven over causes a tactile vibration and audible rumbling transmitted through the wheels into the car body in the form of a musical tune.
Musical roads are known to exist in four countries: Denmark, Japan, South Korea, and the United States of America.
Asphaltophone.
The first known musical road, the Asphaltophone, was created in October 1995 in Gylling, Østjylland, Denmark, by Steen Krarup Jensen and Jakob Freud-Magnus, two Danish artists. The Asphaltophone is made from a series of raised pavement markers, similar to Botts' dots, spaced out at intermittent intervals so that as a vehicle drives over the markers, the vibrations caused by the wheels can be heard inside the car.
Melody Road.
In Japan, Shizuo Shinoda accidentally scraped some markings into a road with a bulldozer and drove over them, and realised that it was possible to create tunes depending on the depth and spacing of the grooves. In 2007, the Hokkaido National Industrial Research Institute, which had previously worked on infra-red lights to detect dangerous road surfaces, refined Shinoda's designs to create the Melody Road. They used the same concept of cutting grooves into the concrete at specific intervals and found that the closer the grooves are, the higher the pitch of the sound; while grooves that are spaced farther apart create lower pitched sounds.
There are three permanently paved 250 m stretches of Melody Roads; one in Hokkaido, another in Wakayama where a car can produce the Japanese ballad "Miagete goran yoru no hoshi wo" by Kyu Sakamoto, and a third in Gunma, which consists of 2,559 grooves cut into a 175 m stretch of existing roadway and produces the tune of "Memories of Summer". The roads work by creating sequences of variable width groove intervals to create specific low and high frequency vibrations. The pavements were designed so that the songs were heard right only when a car drove at a certain speed, encouraging drivers to observe speed limits.
Singing Road.
The Singing Road can be found close to Anyang, Gyeonggi, South Korea, and was created using grooves cut into the ground, similar to the Japanese Melody Roads. Unlike the Japanese roads, however, which were designed to attract tourists, the Singing Road is intended to help motorists stay alert and awake – 68% of traffic accidents in South Korea are due to inattentive, sleeping or speeding drivers. The tune played is "Mary Had a Little Lamb" and took four days to construct.
Civic Musical Road.
The Civic Musical Road was built on Avenue K in Lancaster, California, United States, on 5 September 2008. Covering a quarter-mile stretch of road between 60th Street West and 70th Street West, the Musical Road used grooves cut into the asphalt to replicate part of the Finale of the "William Tell Overture". It was paved over on 23 September after nearby residents complained to the city council about noise levels.
After further complaints from city residents about its removal, work began to re-create it on 15 October 2008 on Avenue G between 30th Street West and 40th Street West — this time, two miles away from any residence. This road is named after the Honda Civic. It opened two days later. The new section on Avenue G is only in the far left lane of the westbound side of the road.
The road appears in Honda Civic commercials. The rhythm is recognizable, but the pitches are so far off that the melody bears only a slight resemblance to the "William Tell Overture". The intonation is not affected by the design of the car or the travel speed. It is likely the designers made a systematic miscalculation which affected all the groove spacings.

</doc>
<doc id="19862658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862658" title="Take Off Your Clothes!">
Take Off Your Clothes!

Take Off Your Clothes! is a comedy album by Bob Kevoian of The Bob & Tom Show, which was first released in 2000. It is a single disc CD which represents original material written, produced, and performed by Bob Kevoian for his solo project.

</doc>
<doc id="19862659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862659" title="Before You Go">
Before You Go

Before You Go is an album by Buck Owens and his Buckaroos, released in 1965. It is no longer in print.
External links.
Buck Owens Before You Go at http://www.allmusic.com

</doc>
<doc id="19862660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862660" title="Observatory of prices">
Observatory of prices

An observatory of prices tries to improve the knowledge of the explanatory circumstances of the formation of the prices of goods, typically of differences between prices of basic products from source to destination, or in different markets, allowing to carry out a systematic pursuit of the same, and making the prices creation as public as possible. An observatory of prices tries to favor the transparency and rationality in the commercialization of products in free complex markets, contributing to the price stability of products (trying to limit deflation or inflation), increasing the organization and amount of information of the quotes of products, and improving the competition in the different phases from the commercialization process and in the different times and locations, to the benefit of all the intervening agents in the chain, especially of the consumers.

</doc>
<doc id="19862669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862669" title="Workforce Innovations Conference">
Workforce Innovations Conference

Workforce Innovations is an annual conference co-sponsored by the United States Department of Labor, Employment and Training Administration and The American Society for Training & Development with an attendance of more than 3,000 participants. The conference promotes collaboration among leaders from workforce development, business, economic development, education, community-based organizations, and philanthropy.

</doc>
<doc id="19862695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862695" title="Friends 'Til the End">
Friends 'Til the End

"Friends 'Til the End" is a 1997 television film directed by Jack Bender.
Plot.
Heather Romley (Shannen Doherty) and Suzanne (Jennifer Blanc) are both singers who have been competing against each other as long as they can remember. Usually Heather won all the competitions, which resulted in Suzanne being insecure and carrying a grudge against Heather, while being pushed by her stage mother. Years later, Heather goes to college and has a boyfriend, Simon (Jason London). Suzanne also enrolls the university with the intention of destroying Heather's life.
She now goes by Zanne Armstrong and becomes best friends with Heather. Meanwhile, she destroys all of Heather's friendships and even successfully seduces Simon. Heather is now being threatened with expulsion from college for plagiarism and is kicked out of her own band, with Zanne taking her place. Heather wants to take down Zanne, and sets out to prove Zanne's true identity, with help.

</doc>
<doc id="19862713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862713" title="David Irwin (disambiguation)">
David Irwin (disambiguation)

David Irwin is a rugby union player.
David Irwin may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19862765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862765" title="2008–09 KS Vllaznia Shkodër season">
2008–09 KS Vllaznia Shkodër season

Club.
Kit.
Template:Fb kit header (Football - kit - header)
Parameters
su : supplier
sp : sponsor
f : feature
Template:Fb kit footer (Football - kit - footer)
Parameters
s : source
Squad.
"As of August 31, 2008."
First team.
"As of July, 2008"
List of 2008-09 transfers.
as of 31 August 2008
Matches.
A = Away; H = Home. Result: D = Draw; L = Lose; W = Win.
Player seasonal records.
"Competitive matches only. Numbers in brackets indicate appearances made. Updated to games played September 27, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19862770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862770" title="BP-5 Compact Food">
BP-5 Compact Food

BP-5 Compact Food (also known as a BP-5 biscuit) is a high-calorie, vitamin fortified, compact, compressed and dry food, often used by relief agencies for the emergency feeding of refugees and internally displaced persons.
Description.
BP-5 is available in packs of 2 biscuit bars. Each box of 9 packs contains 500g of food, with approximately 2,300 calories. Shelf life is 5 years. The food is produced by Compact AS, based in Norway, and purchased by agencies through UNICEF.
Ingredients.
Ingredients include baked wheat flour, partially hydrogenated soybean oil, sugar, soy protein concentrate, malt extract, minerals, amino acids, and vitamins.
Usage.
BP-5 is used for disaster relief and disaster preparedness, and for emergency food rations in refugee camps, particularly for malnourished children. It is eaten directly, or mixed with water to make a porridge.
Typically, an adult is given 250g per day. Although this is a calorie deficit, it provides the recommended protein and basic vitamin requirements. Because it is easily digestible, neutral tasting, and contains no dairy or meat products the food may be widely used, even for people with severe malnourishment.
One study found that its portability made it susceptible to cheating, and recommended dispensing pre-prepared food instead when practical.
BP-5, along with Plumpy Nut (a peanut-butter supplement) was fed to visitors to a small mobile refugee camp created by Médecins Sans Frontières (Doctors Without Borders) to travel to major world cities to raise awareness.

</doc>
<doc id="19862788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862788" title="Brian Edmund Baker">
Brian Edmund Baker

Air Marshal Sir Brian Edmund Baker KBE, CB, DSO, MC, AFC (31 August 1896 – 8 October 1979) was a British Flying Ace in World War I credited, in conjunction with his gunners, with 12 victories, comprising 1 enemy aircraft captured, 4 destroyed (including one shared), and 7 "out of control" wins (including one shared).
Military career.
See also Aerial victory standards of World War I
Baker served in the Rifle Brigade at the outbreak of war and transferred to the Royal Flying Corps (RFC) in August 1915. He was then transferred to France with a total of only twelve hours flying time and joined No. 13 Squadron, which was flying BE2 aircraft. In January 1917 he was given command of a flight in the newly formed No. 48 Squadron. He helped shoot down a Gotha heavy bomber on 22 July 1917. 
In July 1918 was appointed Officer Commanding No. 141 Squadron at RAF Biggin Hill. 
After the war he remained with the RAF, being appointed Officer Commanding the Experimental Section at the Royal Aircraft Establishment in 1926, Officer Commanding No. 32 Squadron in 1929 and Chief Flying Instructor at RAF Leuchars in 1932. He went on to be Senior RAF Officer on HMS "Courageous" in 1935, Station Commander at RAF Gosport in 1937 and Station Commander at RAF Leuchars in 1938.
He served in World War II as Air Officer Commanding No. 51 Group from 1940, Air Officer Commanding RAF Iceland from 1941 and Air Officer Commanding No. 16 Group from 1942 before transferring to No. 19 (Reconnaissance) Group in 1943 and taking command of RAF East Africa in 1945.
After the War he was appointed Senior Air Staff Officer at Headquarters RAF Middle East and then, from December 1945, Deputy Air Commander-in-Chief, RAF Mediterranean and Middle East before becoming Air Officer Commanding-in-Chief at RAF Transport Command in 1947 and retiring in 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="19862789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862789" title="Xinjiang Arts Institute">
Xinjiang Arts Institute

Xinjiang Arts Institute () is an arts college in Xinjiang. It is ranked at 521st in China, having a score of 15.00.
50th anniversary.
On September 26, 2008, Xinjiang Arts Institute held a conference to celebrate its 50th anniversary of establishment at Xinjiang People's Hall. Ismail Tiliwaldi, vice chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress; Nur Bekri, deputy secretary of CPC Xinjiang Committee, chairman of Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region attended the celebration with university staff and students.

</doc>
<doc id="19862791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862791" title="Composite overwrapped pressure vessel">
Composite overwrapped pressure vessel

A composite overwrapped pressure vessel (COPV) is a vessel consisting of a thin, non-structural liner wrapped with a structural fiber composite, designed to hold a fluid under pressure. The liner provides a barrier between the fluid and the composite, preventing leaks (which can occur through matrix microcracks which do not cause structural failure) and chemical degradation of the structure. In general, a protective shell is applied for protective shielding against impact damage. The most commonly used composites are fiber reinforced polymers (FRP), using carbon and kevlar fibers. The primary advantage of a COPV as compared to a similar sized metallic pressure vessel is lower weight, but this may be offset by the increased costs of manufacturing and certification.
Testing.
Various tests and inspections are performed on COPVs, including burst test, stress-rupture lifetime, and nondestructive evaluation.

</doc>
<doc id="19862793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862793" title="President's House (Philadelphia)">
President's House (Philadelphia)

The President's House, at 524-30 Market Street in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, was the third Presidential Mansion. It housed George Washington from November 27, 1790 to March 10, 1797, and John Adams from March 21, 1797 to May 30, 1800.
History.
The three-and-a-half-story brick mansion on the south side of Market Street was built in 1767 by widow Mary Lawrence Masters. In 1772, she gave it as a wedding gift to her elder daughter, who married Richard Penn, the lieutenant-governor of the Colony and a grandson of William Penn. The Penns and the Masterses moved to England during the early days of the American Revolutionary War.
During the British occupation of Philadelphia, September 1777 to June 1778, the house was headquarters for General Sir William Howe. Following the British evacuation, it housed the American military governor, Benedict Arnold, and it was here that he began his treason. After Arnold left Philadelphia, the next resident was John Holker. Holker was a purchasing agent for the French, who were American allies at the time. Under his care the house suffered a fire, and was sold to a man whom Holker knew well, Robert Morris.
In 1781, it was purchased, refurbished, and expanded by Robert Morris, who lived here while Superintendent of Finance. Washington lodged here with Morris during the 1787 Constitutional Convention. In 1790, Morris gave up the house for his friend to use as the Executive Mansion, moving to the house next door. President Washington occupied it from November 1790 to March 1797, and President Adams from March 1797 to May 1800. Adams oversaw the transfer of the federal government to the District of Columbia, and first occupied The White House on November 1, 1800.
The main house was demolished in 1832, although the four-story east and west walls survived as party walls shared with the adjoining buildings. These, along with surviving sections of the backbuildings, were demolished in the 1950s during the creation of Independence Mall. A public toilet was built on the site.
In late 2000, during excavation for the new Liberty Bell Center, foundations of the President's House were uncovered. Intense interest arose in the project, especially after it was revealed that the center's planned main entrance would be just feet from the site of Washington's slave quarters. Although initially reluctant, Independence National Historical Park finally expanded its interpretation at the center to include more about slavery, including material about the nine enslaved African Americans—Moll, Christopher Sheels, Hercules, his son Richmond, Oney Judge, her brother Austin, Giles, Paris, and Joe—who had worked at the President's House. This shift in focus resulted in less interpretive effort going into the Executive Branch of the U.S. Government, and the development of that unique institution goes largely unexplained.
It undertook a public archaeology project in 2007 that uncovered foundations of the backbuildings, the President's office, and the massive Bow Window designed by Washington as a ceremonial space. It commissioned a memorial at the site, which opened in 2010 to mark the site of the President's House, as well as to acknowledge the slaves and their place in Philadelphia and United States history, with material about the black community in the city.
President Washington in Philadelphia.
Washington had a household staff of about 24, plus an office staff of 4 or 5, all of whom lived and worked in the house. His wife Martha and two of her grandchildren, "Wash" Custis and Nelly Custis, were part of the First Family. The house was too small for the 30-plus occupants, so the President made additions: 
""...a large two-story bow to be added to south side of the main house making the rooms at the rear thirty-four feet in length, a long one-story servants' hall to be built on the east side of the kitchen ell, the bathtubs to be removed from the bath house's second floor and the bathingroom turned into the President's private office, additional servant rooms to be constructed, and an expansion of the stables.""
Although Pennsylvania had begun an abolition of slavery in 1780, it permitted slaveholders from other states to hold slaves in the state for up to six months. After that time, slaves would gain their freedom. Members of Congress were exempt from Pennsylvania's Gradual Abolition Act, but not officers of the executive and judicial branches. Washington and other slaveholders rotated their slaves out of the state to prevent the slaves from establishing the 6-month residency needed to qualify for manumission. His slave Oney Judge escaped from captivity in Philadelphia, and he gradually replaced most of his slaves in Philadelphia with indentured servants who were German immigrants. Hercules, a cook who had worked in Philadelphia, escaped from Mount Vernon on February 22, 1797 and made his way to Philadelphia; later he lived in New York City. He was listed among the slaves Washington owned and freed in his will of 1801; the fugitive Hercules may never have learned that he was legally free.
Major acts as President:
President Adams in Philadelphia.
Major acts as President:
Archaeology and advocacy.
Excavation in 2000 associated with the new Liberty Bell Center uncovered foundations of the ice house. In 2002, it was publicized that Washington had kept nine slaves at the house, and that the LBC's entrance was to be five feet from the former slave quarters. As news spread of the discovery, scholars such as the historian Gary Nash, members of the African-American community, and activists and interest groups in Philadelphia began to push for recognition of Washington's slaves and slavery in US history in exhibits at the new center.
As a result of public interest and concerns, the National Park Service expanded its education programs related to the site and committed to incorporating more material on Washington's slaves and slavery in US history into the Liberty Bell Center. In 2002, after an article documented that Washington had held slaves at his house, the National Park Service received a petition signed by 15,000 people urging it to build a memorial to the President's House and Washington's slaves. The "Philadelphia Inquirer" started carrying regular stories about the site and stakeholders in April 2002 and continued until the Liberty Bell Center opened in October 2003. In the spring of 2002, the activist group Avenging the Ancestors, was formed under the leadership of Michael Coard.
By 2003, the National Park Service was doing more consultation with the African-American community. It incorporated exhibits at the Liberty Bell Center that told about slavery, and provided ways for the African-American community to participate in decisions about a memorial. A design competition was held in 2005-2006, with participation by stakeholders, to select the design and firm.
In 2007 the National Park Service undertook a public archeology project to excavate artifacts and assess the findings at the site of the President's House. It attracted 300,000 visitors, as a viewing area was constructed so they could oversee the archeologists at work. The project stimulated tremendous interest and wide-ranging discussions in the city and region about the role of slavery in its history, as well as national media attention. Due to findings of fragments of an 18th-century building, the memorial had to be redesigned. It was developed as a joint project of the National Park Service and the City of Philadelphia.
Completed in 2010, the memorial, "President's House: Freedom and Slavery in the Making of a New Nation," is an open-air pavilion that shows the outline of the original buildings and allows visitors to view the remaining foundations. Some artifacts are displayed within the pavilion. Signage and video exhibits portray the history of the structure, as well as the roles of Washington's slaves in his household and slaves in American society.

</doc>
<doc id="19862796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862796" title="Christmas with Buck Owens">
Christmas with Buck Owens

Christmas with Buck Owens and His Buckaroos is a Christmas album by Buck Owens and his Buckaroos, released in 1965.
It was re-issued on CD in 2005 on the Sundazed label. The Album was again re-issued in via digital MP3 Download on March 8, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19862800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862800" title="Xinjiang University of Finance and Economics">
Xinjiang University of Finance and Economics

Xinjiang University of Finance and Economics () is a university in Urumqi, Xinjiang, China. Founded in 1950 it is the key institution for the study of economics. There is a total enrolment of more than 20,000 students. There are 1302 staff in total, including 750 are full-time teachers, 36 professors and 215 associate professors. It ranks at 378th in China having an allround score of 17.00.
Location.
The university is located at Beijing Road in the new urban area of the city.
Academics.
The institute comprises 14 academic departments namely, banking, finance, accounting, business administration, statistics, information management, economics, marketing, law, computer science, foreign languages, preparatory studies, Chinese language, Marxism & Leninism, physical education, and one affiliated school for adult education. Among all the departments, finance, accounting and business administration have been chosen as Xinjiang's key provincial disciplines.
The library has more than 600,000 books.
Research.
The university has set up a scientific research fund of RMB1,000,000. It has undertaken research projects at national and provincial levels and at all other sorts of levels and won many awards. Improvement of the quality of teaching has been the central task of the institute. It has carried out a full-scale educational reforms based on the tenets of popularization, personalization, digitization, and internationalization.

</doc>
<doc id="19862816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862816" title="Ghost legends of Indiana">
Ghost legends of Indiana

There are many ghost legends of Indiana, a US State in the Midwest, and there are many locations that are considered to be haunted by locals. Some of the hauntings are celebrated in festivals, and most have some history behind them.
Angola theatre.
The town of Angola, Indiana has several locations where residents have claimed to have sighted ghosts. An old theatre sits on the town circle, and some residents claim that at midnight a man with a long red beard appears on the roof of the building pacing back and forth and cries aloud, "Marie please come back to me, please." Movie goers also say that sometimes during movies you can hear a man sobbing in the back of the theatre, but when you look, no one is there.
Haunted bridge.
In the town of Avon, Indiana there is a Bridge that is haunted. The railroad bridge was constructed across the White Lick Creek in the 1850s by immigrant Irish workers. Cement was mixed in large narrow vats and hardened into the form of a pylon. One afternoon while working on the bridge, a platform collapsed and a worker fell into the cement vat. As he slowly sank down into the vat, his fellow workers could not reach him in time and they had no way to save him. They could hear him knocking from the inside of the vat. The company decided to continue building rather than tear down the pylon to extract his body.
While the men finished the work on the bridge, and for years afterward, many claimed to hear knocks and screams from inside the pylon. Decades later, when the bridge was torn down, there were a number of sightings of a man wandering along the tracks trying to flag down trains.
The haunted bridge is on the official seal to Avon, Indiana. The Big Four Railroad, lifeblood of the connecting arteries in Central Indiana and beyond, required a bridge spanning Country Road 625 and White Lick Creek, so the bridge was built in 1906-1907 and double-tracked in 1908. It is about 300 feet long and 70 feet high, an imposing structure whose image graces the Avon town seal today.
The legend of Avon’s Haunted Bridge has been around for generations. Different rumors abound, but in general, the people of Avon have agreed that if you go near the old bridge at night, you will hear a moaning, discontented ghost, or maybe two or three of them. And if you cross the bridge on a hot summer day, you may see the ghost’s tears on it.
There are various explanations for the hauntings. No one, of course, knows whether they are being carried out by a single ghost or many. Over the years, some theories have come to be popular regarding who the ghosts might be. A few of the most widely accepted versions are summarized below.
Henry Johnson, an alcoholic construction worker, slipped one night during the building of the bridge and fell into some wet cement, dying there in the lonely night. The following morning he was found, face frozen in the cement that killed him.
There is a similar report that an Irish or black construction worker fell to his death during the making of the bridge. He landed inside the framework of one of the bridge’s supports. The railroad decided that, since the unfortunate laborer was already dead, they would simply inter his body in the bridge when they sealed the support with cement. Some say that the poor man’s arm hung out, and they cut it off.
Perhaps, as some Avon residents aver, the ghosts on the Haunted Bridge belong to a young woman and her baby. The story goes that she was walking to the doctor’s house late one night with her sick baby when she had the bad luck to get her foot caught among the railroad ties on the bridge. Then, disaster struck in the form of a huge locomotive barreling down on them. She struggled mightily, finally getting free of the railroad ties, but had no time to run across the bridge to escape the train. So, clutching her sick child, she jumped off the bridge. She survived, but the baby, falling from her arms, did not. Within a few weeks, the mother died of grief and a broken heart. The story concludes that if you drive under the bridge at night, you might very well hear her screaming for her baby.
The haunted bridge in Avon is still a functional railroad crossing, servicing the CSX Railroad, and regularly visited by residents and guests to get spine-tingling adrenaline rush.
Avon Haunted Bridge
White Lick Creek and CR 625E
Avon, IN
Diana of the Dunes.
One of the most well known, and most celebrated ghost legends in Indiana is that of Diana of the Dunes.
The local legend claims that Alice's ghost still returns to the beach at the dunes to relive her happier days. For decades there have been sightings of a naked ghostly looking woman running along the beach and disappearing into the lake. The legend is commonly referred to as Diana of the Dunes. The story is commemorated in an annual Diana of the Dunes Festival and Pageant.
Culbertson Mansion.
In New Albany, Indiana there is a large mansion from the town's boom days as a ship building center. The Culbertson Mansion is open to public tours, and visitors and the curators have claimed to have seen a ghostly figure in the building. They believe her to be the ghost of the owner's second wife who returned to protect her children from her husband's third wife. The mansion's carriage barn is turned into a haunted house during Halloween, and many tour the building then in hopes of sighting the ghosts.
Nearby the mansion is the carriage house. The following is a storyline for the current "Literally, A Haunted House" fundraiser, which raises the majority of the funds for interior restoration of the mansion. 
Whitcomb's library.
Former Indiana Governor James Whitcomb donated his vast library to Ashbury University—now DePauw University—in his will after his death in 1852. Whitcomb was an avid reader and had amassed a large collection of books in his lifetime, and kept almost every book he had ever read. During the years his library was in public use there were numerous sighting of Whitcomb's ghost trying to protect his books. In one notable incident, a boy had supposedly borrowed "The Poems of Ossian" from the library. That night, Whitcomb's ghost appeared in his room wailing, "'Ossian! Who stole the Ossian". The next day the boy immediately returned the book to the library and told about the experience. The collection of now rare books is now protected, but there are still occasional sightings of Whitcomb's ghost.
The Reebok ghost.
Rumors of the infamous Reebok ghost have been afloat for long. The Reebok ghost is allegedly an Indiana native in his early 60's. The only real witness to his sighting claims to have spotted him several times exercising in the Reebok fitness gym in Holtagarðar, Iceland. Whenever other witnesses arrive to bare witness to the legendary man, he always seems to magically disappear. To this date, only the Icelandic mare Egill Ólafsson has ever spotted him.

</doc>
<doc id="19862821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862821" title="Ellispet">
Ellispet

Ellispet is a small village near Erode, Tamil Nadu, India. The village is named after a Christian missionary Ellis Durai. This village was created with small number of families during British India period as a settlement to the converted Christians.
History.
Ellispet is formerly known as "Ottagamedu" means "camel mound". There was a rock in the East of the village that looked like a camel sitting with its head lifted up. During early 19th century, due to rare human presence, it was a place for robbers , who robbed the travelers in an ambush that passed by the area in bullock cart . Shikakai also known as Acacia concinna trees grow very well here. The branches of Shikakai tree create unusual sounds when the wind blows through them that used to scare people. It is the way to Sathyamangalam from Erode. 
Ellispet is a settlement village named after Ellis ,a foreigner who settled the first world war soldiers,each given 4 acres of cultivation land and a residential plot,which is irrigated by Bhavanisagar alternative canal projects. It was a barren land without any irrigation system, but after the initiatives from the government officials, the land is watered with a canal called Rettai Vaaikaal.
Ellispet has the population of 3000 people approximately. Well cultivated area for doing agriculture from the dam LBP Bhavanisagar.
While Tamil is a primary language in the village, Hindi is also spoken by the majority of ex-service men and laborers working in the steel factories. English also spoken widely by the foreign students studying in the nearby colleges.
Transportation.
Ellispet is located on the highway, which goes to Mysore from Erode. Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation operates route no 7, 7C,7B,B2,44 from Erode to Kavandapadi. Other than these, all the route buses and private buses will stop in this village. Between Chithode to Kavandapadi all the nearby villages can get the buses from Ellispet. There are four bus stops for this village, Rattai Vaikaal, Ellispet, Mettu Kadai, and Therkathu Vaikaal. Other than the highway, a road goes through the village to Kanchikovil, called Kanchikovil Road.
Schools.
Only one Tamil Medium CSI Elementary school is there, that is up to 5th grade. High school students travel to nearest places, which are, Chithode, Kavandapadi, and Kanchikovil. There is an arts and science college in Ellispet, named, Bharathidasan Arts and Science College, which accommodates students from all over the world. An English medium orphanage school, called "Anbin Ootru", is also available near Therkathu vaaikkaal.
Industry.
Cast India, which is exporters of all types of aluminum scraps.
Religion.
Almost 98% of the population follows Christianity and there is no Hindu temple or Muslim mosque in this village. There are two Christian churches, one is Church of South India (CSI)directed by kavandapaddi postrate and another one is a Pentecostal church founded by Yasu Manoharan.
Festivals.
Christmas is celebrated widely with the houses newly painted and the sports events conducted.
Medical facilities.
There is no hospital in the village.

</doc>
<doc id="19862828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862828" title="Truncatella subcylindrica">
Truncatella subcylindrica

Truncatella subcylindrica is a species of small land snail that lives at the edge of the sea. It has gills and an operculum and is gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Truncatellidae.
Description.
This species of snail has a shell which is light in color, and which can reach 5 mm in length.
Like all other species in this genus, the shell loses its apical whorls as it grows, giving it a truncated and cylindrical appearance.
Distribution.
This snail is native to areas of the northeastern Atlantic coastline, from Morocco and the Mediterranean coast to the Black Sea. This native distribution includes Great Britain.
There are also some early records from the late 1800s for the eastern United States, on the coast of Newport, Rhode Island, where it was presumably introduced.
Habitat.
This species is found in marine coastal environments, near or just above the high tide line on stones and pebbles, fine sediments and decomposing vegetation. It prefers the edge of sheltered waters where the salinity is at 18-40 psu.
Life cycle.
The sexes are separate. Fertilized eggs are laid as egg capsules, which are attached to detritus.
References.
This article incorporates public domain text from the reference

</doc>
<doc id="19862838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19862838" title="2002 BNP Paribas Masters">
2002 BNP Paribas Masters

The 2002 BNP Paribas Masters was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts. It was the 28th edition of the Paris Masters and was part of the Tennis Masters Series of the 2002 ATP Tour. It took place at the Palais Omnisports de Paris-Bercy in Paris in France from October 28 through November 3, 2002.
The singles draw was headlined by ATP No. 1, San Jose, Indian Wells, Queen's, Wimbledon champion and Cincinnati finalist Lleyton Hewitt, Scottsdale, Miami, Rome and Los Angeles winner Andre Agassi and Australian Open, Hamburg runner-up and 2000 Paris champion Marat Safin. Other top seeds were Hong Kong and Monte Carlo winner Juan Carlos Ferrero, Madrid finalist Jiří Novák, Tim Henman, Sébastien Grosjean and Roger Federer.

</doc>
