<doc id="20101160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101160" title="L'Officiel">
L'Officiel

"L'Officiel" () is a French fashion magazine published by "Les Editions Jalou". It has been published in Paris since 1921 and targets upper-income, educated women aged 25 to 49. "Les Editions Jalou" is a family media group based in Paris. It is 100% controlled by the Jalou family, and presided by Ms Marie-José Susskind-Jalou. As of 2013, it had a circulation of 135,000 A men's edition of "L'Officiel" called L'Officiel Hommes also published.
Both "L'Officiel" and L'Officiel Hommes are currently published in over 20 countries, including Brazil, Central Asia, China, Germany, Greece, India, Italy, Korea, Latvia, Lebanon, Lithuania, Morocco, the Netherlands, Russia, Singapore, Switzerland, Thailand, Turkey, Ukraine and the United Arab Emirates. The complete name of the magazine is ""L'Officiel de la Couture et de la Mode de Paris"".
History.
"L'Officiel" was first published by Andrée Castaniée in 1921. George Jalou joined the magazine as artistic director in 1932. Soon after, "L'Officiel" launched the careers of designers including Pierre Balmain, Cristóbal Balenciaga, Christian Dior, and Yves St. Laurent, and the magazine became "the Bible of fashion and of high society". Jalou later became the magazine's general director, and ultimately purchased the publication. He transferred ownership of "L'Officiel" to his three children in 1986. Laurent became the president of Editions Jalou, Marie-José Susskind-Jalou directed its editorial content, and Maxime was responsible for publication. After Laurent died of a heart attack in January 2003, Marie-José Susskind-Jalou became the company's president. In recent years, the publication has taken a more youthful, energetic approach to fashion.
Editions Jalou, a family-owned company also comprises magazines including Jalouse, L'Optimum, L'Officiel Hommes, L'Officiel Art and L'Officiel Voyage. After launching L'Officiel in Indonesia and Azerbaijan this year, it is planning to launch editions in Switzerland and Australia for 2014 or 2015, which would bring the number of editions to more than 30. It is also eyeing the U.S. market, where it would launch with a partner. Meanwhile, Jalouse will have Chinese and Russian editions before the end of the year.
Editions Jalou generated a turnover of 31 millions euros, or $39.8 million at average exchange, in France in 2012, according to the company.
Collaboration.
L'Officiel has tapped Vincent Darré, the fashion designer turned interiors maven, to design four issues, starting with October. Christmas, March, and June/July issues will follow. Known for his whimsical universe, Darré was named "curator" of the magazine. "We wanted to break with a classic conception of a magazine,” said Benjamin Eymère, managing director of L'Officiel's publisher, Editions Jalou. "We want to do a luxury piece." There will be limited editions of Darré's issues, which will be numbered and could have a different format.
Darré said his inspirations were publications like British quarterly Flair, surrealist-oriented publication Le Minotaure or art magazine L’Oeil. "It is a mix of fashion and art,” he said. The magazine will have illustrations from the likes of Pierre Le-Tan. Contributors for the first issue include Karl Lagerfeld, Deborah Turbeville in tandem with Catherine Baba, Serge Leblon, Dominique Issermann and Olivier Zahm. "It will be a Parisian salon that resembles me. I invited my friends to participate,” Darré said.
In October 2013, Karl Lagerfeld shot the gatefold cover of L'Officiel's October issue, which features cast members from the film "Opium,” including Farida Khelfa, Audrey Marnay, Marisa Berenson and Arielle Dombasle. Vincent Darré, the fashion designer-turned-interiors-maven who was tapped earlier this year to be "curator" of L'Officiel, was the artistic director of the small-budget musical film about artist Jean Cocteau, set in Paris in the Twenties, while Dombasle directed it. The movie will be released on 2 Oct in France. The issue, which counts 377 pages including 100 advertising pages, priced at 4.50 euros, or $6 at current exchange.
In 2012, Les Editions Jalou has also launched a digital label, dubbed L'Officiel New Talents, geared to promoting blogger talents from the women's lifestyle and fashion domains. The selection committee for the bloggers includes André Saraiva, creative director of L’Officiel Hommes. Men's bloggers will soon be added. The L'Officiel print magazine made by the bloggers will be released twice yearly, starting in May, with Marie-José Jalou, Jalou's president, as its editor in chief. "We need a magazine that defines the times,” said Eymere, adding the bloggers get to maintain total independence for their blogs. Members include Kenza Sadoun-El Glaoui, Audrey Lombard, Marie Pottier and India Weber. The label will also represent the bloggers for special commissions with brands.
Related publications.
Beginning in 1996, "L'Officiel" began licensing its brand for use by publishers outside of France. Foreign editions of "L'Officiel" are now published in Russia, Japan, India, China, United Arab Emirates, Brazil, Greece, Latvia, Lithuania, Morocco, Netherlands, Ukraine, Serbia, Central Asia, Turkey, Italy, Thailand, Singapore. The men's edition of "L'Officiel", called "L'Officiel Hommes", is also published.
L'Officiel Italia is the Italian edition of L'Officiel de la mode. Launched in September 2012, published by Martina Mondadori's Memoria Srl in collaboration with Paris-based Les Editions Jalou, the fashion magazine overseen by Memoria's chief executive officer Carlo Mazzoni. The men's Italian version, L'Officiel Hommes Italia, launched in 2009.
"L'Officiel Thailand "(ลอฟฟีเซียล ประเทศไทย)" "is a luxury fashion magazine. It was launched in March 2012 with a circulation of 120,000. It's licensed by MASS Connect Ltd in Thailand. L'Officiel in Thailand includes L'Officiel de la mode, L'Officiel Hommes, L'Officiel Art, L'Officiel Watch&Jewelry and L'Officiel Wedding. In July 2013 L'Officiel Thailand won the gold award on "Best Feature on Asian Fashion" and excellence award on "Best Feature on Interior Decoration" at The Asian Publishing Awards.
"L'Officiel India" is India's "premiere fashion and luxury magazine"; in 2007, its publishers announced that they would also publish "L'Officiel India" in the United Kingdom to target overseas Indians there.
The Indian edition of French fashion and luxury magazine, L'Officiel, is now being brought out by MaXposure Media Group. The French magazine began operations in India in 2002 and was earlier published by Apricot Publications. Under the new company, Maxposure Media Group, the monthly magazine will be priced at Rs 100 and is aimed at well-heeled and well travelled Indian women who like to dress and are not short of spending for it. L'Officiel India now aims to be an ultimate fashion, style and luxury destination for the elite Indians and be an authoritative voice of the Indian fashion industry. The magazine is targeted at 35-year-old, educated women.

</doc>
<doc id="20101176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101176" title="Lasmigona alabamensis">
Lasmigona alabamensis

Lasmigona alabamensis, common name Alabama heelsplitter, is a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae.
Confusingly, a different species, "Potamilus inflatus", has also sometimes been listed as "Alabama heelsplitter". In order to avoid confusion, that species has now been given the common name "inflated heelsplitter".

</doc>
<doc id="20101191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101191" title="Approximate counting algorithm">
Approximate counting algorithm

The approximate counting algorithm allows the counting of a large number of events using a small amount of memory. Invented in 1977 by Robert Morris (cryptographer) of Bell Labs, it uses probabilistic techniques to increment the counter. It was fully analyzed in the early 1980s by Philippe Flajolet of INRIA Rocquencourt, who coined the name Approximate Counting, and strongly contributed to its recognition among the research community. The algorithm is considered one of the precursors of streaming algorithms, and the more general problem of determining the frequency moments of a data stream has been central to the field.
Theory of operation.
Using Morris' algorithm, the counter represents an "order of magnitude estimate" of the actual count. The approximation is mathematically unbiased.
To increment the counter, a pseudo-random event is used, such that the incrementing is a probabilistic event. To save space, only the exponent is kept. For example, in base 2, the counter can estimate the count to be 1, 2, 4, 8, 16, 32, and all of the powers of two. The memory requirement is simply to hold the exponent.
As an example, to increment from 4 to 8, a pseudo-random number would be generated such that a probability of .25 generates a positive change in the counter. Otherwise, the counter remains at 4.
The table below illustrates some of the potential values of the counter:
If the counter holds the value of 101, which equates to an exponent of 5 (the decimal equivalent of 101), then the estimated count is 2^5, or 32. There is a very low probability that the actual count of increment events was 5 (which would imply that an extremely rare event occurred with the pseudo-random number generator, the same probability as getting 10 consecutive heads in 10 coin flips). The actual count of increment events is likely to be around 32, but it could be infinitely high (with decreasing probabilities for actual counts above 32).
Algorithm.
When incrementing the counter, "flip a coin" the number of times of the counter's current value. If it comes up "Heads" each time, then increment the counter. Otherwise, do not increment it.
This can be done programmatically by generating "c" pseudo-random bits (where "c" is the current value of the counter), and using the logical AND function on all of those bits. The result is a zero if any of those pseudo-random bits are zero, and a one if they are all ones. Simply add the result to the counter. This procedure is be executed each time the request is made to increment the counter.
Applications.
The algorithm is useful in examining large data streams for patterns. This is particularly useful in applications of data compression, sight and sound recognition, and other artificial intelligence applications.

</doc>
<doc id="20101194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101194" title="International opinion polling for the United States presidential election, 2008">
International opinion polling for the United States presidential election, 2008

This article lists international opinion polls taken in various countries around the world during 2008 relating to the United States presidential election, 2008. Most polls measured foreign preference for Democratic candidate Barack Obama and Republican candidate John McCain. For international reaction to the election, see International reaction to the United States presidential election, 2008.
Summary.
Most polls during the 2008 election year showed greater global support for Senator Barack Obama over Senator John McCain. A poll for the BBC World Service conducted in 22 countries found Obama favored in each one by varying margins, with an overall average of 49% preference for Obama, 12% for McCain, and 40% with no preference. Similarly, a 73 country Gallup poll found that 24% of those polled favored Obama compared with 7% who favored McCain; 69% of those surveyed had no opinion. An international "Reader's Digest" survey also reported more support for Obama than McCain in all 16 foreign countries polled, though not in the U.S. itself. However, certain countries did prefer McCain to Obama in some polls, including Israel, Georgia, Laos by a small margin, and the Philippines (which is in contrast to the capital Manila).
A poll done by the Pew Global Attitudes Project investigated whether other countries believed American foreign policy "will change for the better" with a new president. Although majorities held this belief in several major European and African countries, 67% of Japanese respondents said it would not change very much and more Jordanians and Egyptians believed American foreign policy would get worse than better. In terms of confidence in the candidates, the Pew poll found most but not all countries had more confidence in Obama to do the right thing in global affairs. In several countries a majority of those polled said they were following the campaign closely, including Australia, Germany, Jordan, and the United Kingdom.
A global non-scientific Internet vote conducted by "The Economist", with 52,000 respondents, indicated that Obama was favored over McCain by a vast majority of poll respondents, with over 44,000 votes for Obama, or roughly 85% (there were no third party or abstain options).
Individual country polls.
Argentina.
A poll taken on August 26 by Ibarómetro reported that 53.2% of those polled preferred Obama against 8.8% for McCain; 38% were unsure.
France.
A poll conducted on September 2–3 by TNS Sofres/Logica for the French-American Foundation and Fondation Robert Schuman found that 80% of the French polled hoped for an Obama victory, 8% for a McCain victory, 7% for neither, and 5% without an opinion. A later poll done on October 10–11 by BVA for "La Tribune" found an even higher 86% who preferred to see Obama elected, with 6% hoping the same for McCain and 8% not expressing an opinion.
The day after the election, a poll conducted by CSA for "Le Parisien" found that 84% of those polled were satisfied with the election of Obama, while 6% were dissatisfied and 10% expressed no opinion.
Germany.
During the Democratic primary campaign, 43% of Germans supported Obama and 39% supported challenger Senator Hillary Clinton according to a poll by Forsa for "Stern". In terms of the general election, a Forsa poll carried out on August 20–21 found 74% of respondents would vote for Obama, 11% for McCain, and 15% other or not sure.
Israel.
The Rabin Center for Israel Studies commissioned a poll by TNS Teleseker in the months before the election, which found that 46.4% of those polled supported McCain, 34% supported Obama, and 18.6% were undecided.
Palestinian territories.
A poll by the Palestinian Center for Public Opinion taken September 1–10 reported 33.5% of respondents favoring McCain, 27.7% Obama, 30.4% neither, and 8.3% unsure.

</doc>
<doc id="20101196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101196" title="1991 Italian Open (tennis)">
1991 Italian Open (tennis)

The 1991 Italian Open (known as the "Peugeot Italian Open" for sponsorship reasons) was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 48th edition of the Italian Open, and was part of the ATP Super 9 of the 1991 ATP Tour, and of the Tier I Series of the 1991 WTA Tour. Both the men's and the women's events were held at the Foro Italico in Rome, Italy. The women's tournament was played from May 6 through May 12, 1991 and the men's tournament was played from May 13 through May 20, 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="20101206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101206" title="99p Stores">
99p Stores

99p Stores Ltd. is a family run business founded in January 2001 by entrepreneur Nadir Lalani, who opened the first store in the chain in Holloway, London, with a further three stores opening later that year. In 2002, Lalani decided to expand the business throughout the UK and has rapidly developed 99p Stores, operating a total of 129 stores as of March 2010 and serving around 1.5 million customers each week, undercutting their main rival Poundland by a penny. As of mid-2009 the company offered more than 3,500 different product lines throughout its stores.
Most of their stores are based in the south of the UK, although there are stores as far north as Liverpool and Hartlepool. The chain saw accelerated store expansion upon the collapse of Woolworths Group, where they took the opportunity to acquire 15 of these former stores, increasing their estate to 79 at that time. Landlords are now regarding 99p Stores as an anchor tenant due to the significant number of customers one of their stores can bring to a location.
Although the retailer made a pre-tax loss of £1.14 million in the year to 31 January 2007, they claim that, since then, consumers have become more cautious with their money and where they spend it, in response to the current economic conditions. The retailer has noticed an increase of customers from the wealthier AB social grade (a system of demographic classification used in the United Kingdom) during the recession. Customers tend to speak positively about 99p Stores, with most reviewers noting customer and product overcrowding as their biggest criticisms, yet still rate the chain 4.5/5 on average.
History.
Foundation.
Nadir Lalani came to the UK in 1973 from Tanzania, having owned a cash and carry store in Mwanza. Since moving to the UK he built up and sold two convenience store chains (including buying Whistlestop Discount Stores, a 27-strong chain which he sold in 2005) before moving into discount retailing, with intentions of handing the business over to his two sons, who also work for the company, in due course. Lalani was inspired to start 99p Stores after stumbling upon a bustling Poundland shop whilst wandering around a shopping centre. His first store opened on 18 January 2001, with over 3,500 customers visiting the store in the first day of trading. As of mid-2009, the company offered more than 3,500 different product lines throughout its stores.
Growth.
The company relocated their headquarters to a new, base in Daventry in 2007, giving them capacity to go to 120 stores with existing infrastructure. Discount shops, including 99p Stores, have seen store numbers increase by 60% during the economic downturn, with two discount stores opening for every one store that has closed. The retailer took advantage of the tough economic climate of the late 2000s, having doubled the number of their stores during the period August 2008 - August 2009, and have further plans to double existing store numbers and current market share within the 18 months following October 2009.
In August 2009, Retail Week reported that the retailer is to review its ownership structure, potentially resulting in a sale as early as summer 2010 or a flotation within the next three years. The retailer has said they would want 150 shops before considering any offers to buy a stake in the business, mentioning the advantages of a flotation to include further investment, as well as the Lalani family being able to retain a stake and an element of control in the business.
Management.
In October 2009, the retailer appointed Gordon Brown as their new chairman, who took up the position on 1 October 2009, taking over from Peter Gent. Brown, having previously served as managing director at Wilkinson between 1991 and 2007, joined the company at a time when it is embarking on aggressive expansion and assessing its long-term options.
Business practice.
Sales strategy.
When inflation pushes up prices beyond what the company is able to pay, this is often easily worked around by reducing the quantity supplied in each item, for example by reducing the amount of tape on reels of selotape, or selling eggs by the dozen instead of 18s. Nadir's son and buying director, Faisal, who takes care of the day-to-day running, notes that the lowest margin he will work with is 20 percent. In response to the planned VAT rise to 20% in January 2011, the budget chain said it would not change its prices but would stop selling goods that did not make a profit.
Towards the end of 2009, 99p Stores replaced their Torex electronic point of sale system with one provided by Futura to operate their touchscreen Intelligent Registers (IRs). As well as allowing the retailer to understand which products customers are buying, through up-to-date tracking of the most popular products, it will also allow stock to be moved around the business quickly. Other functionality includes its allocation and replenishment capabilities, helping to ensure constant stock via automated ordering. Following a successful pilot (in which the company tested the new system in a select number of stores before committing to it), Futura scheduled an ambitious roll-out programme at the end of 2009 to change both software and platform, reducing the normal roll-out period from six months to two months. The Futura team installed the system with Digipos touch-screen tills each evening after trading, enabling the store to start trading the very next day. Simultaneously, new chip-and-pin capability is being introduced, to ensure the company is PCI compliant, with contactless payments to follow.
Products offered.
The retailer offers a large range of products in its 3,500 lines, from "do it yourself" (DIY) and electrical to toys and stationery products, with around 60% of their products consisting of well-known brands such as Colgate, Pepsi and Pringles. Plans have been announced to extend its grocery offerings, which currently make up 35% of its 3,500 lines. Food products have been a strong performer for the retailer, accounting for 40% of total sales in April 2008, which itself was an increase of 5% from the start of 2008. The retailer provides its own line of grocery products, branded 'Deli Fresh', which was launched at the start of 2007. As of 2006, the retailer was making a profit margin of 40% on the produce it sold, which included its most popular food lines at that time such as potatoes, onions and eggs. Some products have sold for less than 99p, such as branded cakes for 69p and bottles of soft drinks for 89p. The best seller is the Galaxy chocolate bar.
The business sources a third of its products from the Far East, allowing for gross margins of up to 50%.
Store expansion.
In April 2006, the retailer secured an £8 million cash injection from its venture capital backers Barclays Ventures and Lloyds TSB to open up to 45 new stores by early 2008. More than two years later, in September 2008, its 59th store was opened in Bracknell, Berkshire and by the end of 2008 there were 65 stores open, with plans for 20 stores each year over the next three years.
As can be seen in the graph to the right, the retailer has seen rapid growth since the end of 2008, doubling the number of their stores from 61 in November 2008 to 123 in December 2009. Company owner Lalani said that finding sites was getting easier because of the new empty rate tax on commercial property. Whereas, previously, landlords would decline to have a discount shop filling their empty stores, they are now less reluctant to fill them with discount stores, as they are now being charged for stores which lie empty. Stuart Donnelly, head of property at 99p Stores, notes that landlords are now being much more proactive, inviting potential retailers to come and have a look at their locations with the hope of them taking up a lease, as the property market has been badly affected by the recession, allowing the company to drive competitive deals to further expand their portfolio of stores with less expenditure, something that wouldn't have been possible just a few years ago. Landlords are now regarding 99p Stores as an anchor tenant due to the significant number of customers one of their stores can bring to a location.
Upon the collapse of the former Woolworths Group, 99p Stores took the opportunity to acquire 15 of the vacant stores, increasing their estate to 79. They reached 100 stores in August 2009 and, as of December 2009, the retail chain had acquired and reopened 52 former Woolworths stores. New store openings prove so popular that bosses have recently been requesting friendly police presence for crowd control purposes for desperate shoppers who queue from 5am to be the first to get hold of first-customer bargains.
Family Bargains.
In 2010, the owners of 99p Stores launched a subsidiary chain, Family Bargains. The first store opened in Carmarthen, Wales. The new chain is intended to operate from larger store sites, such as retail parks, and aims to sell a wider range of products, with the benefit of not being tied to a single price-point as in the 99p Stores.
The Carmarthen, Wales, Family Bargains store reverted to the 99p Stores branding in February 2012
Customer base.
A survey by the store reveals some of its 600,000 weekly customers are stockbrokers, solicitors, accountants and doctors, as opposed to an overwhelming majority of hard-up and poorly paid people. The retailer has noticed a lot more consumers from the AB social grade in their stores, expecting this trend to continue even after the economy recovers.
Some stores, such as one located in the seaside town of Clacton, are well positioned to attract a lot of passing tourists. In August 2009, the Clacton store was reporting more than 5,000 customers per day, with sometimes as many as 400 customers passing through their doors every hour, and often clearing out most of the store's stock daily.
Competition.
Competitive strategy.
Value and discount retailers have seen a boom in sales since the recession at the start of 2009. Although there are several retailers with the same strategy as 99p Stores, such as independent businesses and smaller price-point retail chains such as Poundworld, 99p Stores' closest and largest rival in the sector is Poundland. The retailer has cited one of their main aims is to catch up with Poundland and their 223 stores as of August 2009. The retailer makes it a point of honour to undercut rival Poundland, whose £1 pack of 100 white plastic cups contained 20 fewer (and cost a penny more) than the pack of 120 available at 99p Stores as of late 2007.
Direct competition.
On several occasions 99p Stores has been criticised for its handling of situations in which smaller, independent retailers face threat of closure following the opening of branches of 99p Stores. In January 2009, an independent pound shop in Poole, Dorset was forced to close after a branch of 99p Stores opened directly opposite, offering a similar range of items and undercutting their competitor by a penny, causing the pound shop's turnover to drop by 70 percent. Commercial director Nadir Lalani claimed that "we never try to directly affect anyone but it's all healthy competition".
A similar situation arose in June 2009, when a traditional sweet shop in Petersfield came under serious threat of closure following the opening of a 99p Store, with takings going down by as much as 60 percent a day. They are struggling to attract customers as the 99p Store is able to sell a similar range of sweets from its confectionery counter at a fraction of the price, as being a multi-million pound concern it is able to increase its lines and buy larger quantities at cheaper prices. The commercial manager of 99p Stores, Gerry Loughran, noted that "she was obviously trading when Woolworths was open, and they had the biggest pick and mix operation in the UK at the time, so she has faced competition before and she was able to manage then."
In December 2009, Eastleigh news reported that a new discount shop had established itself next door to a 99p Stores outlet, but instead selling all its products for 89p, undercutting the retailer by 10p. This will be a new experience for the 99p Stores outlet in Eastleigh, as, when they first opened, they succeeded in undercutting the two existing discount stores, "The Stockmarket" and "T.M Stores", to the extent that both shops closed down within months. The manager of the new 89p shop disagrees that this a business model which can only succeed in a recession, stating "this is a business for any time, people love value for money". The 89p shop was the 2nd branch to be opened, the first being in Poole, Dorset.
Financial performance.
The retailer has boasted rapid growth since interception which it attributes to their strong sales growth. As a result of their growth, they were rated in the Sunday Times Fast Track 100 in December 2006 as the 19th fastest growing company in the country. The Grocer also ranked them 11th in their Top 50 list of independent grocery retailers.
Litigation.
Health and safety.
In June 2005, the retailer received fines and costs totalling almost £4,400 after pleading guilty at Barnsley Magistrates Court of supplying dangerous frying pans. A unit purchased by trading standards and informally tested was found to fail on the handle strength and it became too hot to touch. The company immediately displayed recall notices upon learning of the dangerous product.
The company again were fined on 17 October 2005, after pleading guilty at Kingston Magistrates Court to selling hair removal cream, which had no instructions in English and caused burning to the consumers’ skin when applied. The company were fined £2,500 and had to pay Kingston Council's costs of £500. They were criticised for not having procedures in place to ensure the safety of items, however agreed to introduce procedures to ensure that such instances could not occur again.
Product sale to underaged customer.
The company were also fined £3,000 in February 2006, after staff in their Acton and West Ealing stores were caught selling adult-rated DVD films to a 15-year-old boy during a council sting operation. Ealing Trading Standards Officers sent in the boy to establish whether the retailer would sell to youths trying to purchase age-restricted goods. Mr Rosewarne, the health and safety officer for the company, gave evidence on how seriously the company had taken the matter and gave details on new procedures for staff training and in store publicity to avoid any reoccurrences.
Customer perception.
Generally, customers speak positively about 99p Stores, with most reviewers only criticising customer and product overcrowding, as well as a lack of cleanliness in many of their stores. Some reviewers note that they have seen several items cheaper from other retailers; however mostly the products on offer at 99p Stores are of good value. Reviews on dooyoo.co.uk (a shopping advice and review site) show an average rating of 4/5. Upon opening one of their stores at Muswell Hill, customers were commenting how they had wanted a shop like 99p Stores for some time, with very strong sales reported for their first day of trading.
However, there is noticeable opposition to the planned opening of stores; such is the case in Stroud, Gloucestershire, where more than 1,000 people have joined a Facebook group which opposes the planned 99p Store in the Cotswold market town. Some older shoppers have also expressed concerns over the retail chain's expansion plans, with one citing the need to have "a shop that will give the high street a bit of oomph, not something that lowers the tone". Whilst another agreed with not wanting discount retailers filling up the high street, it was generally accepted that the alternative of having shops lie empty hurts other businesses. Co-founder Hussein Lalani branded the critics as snobs, but that people vote with their feet and during the credit crunch, budget-conscious shoppers want a place where they can get bargains.
External links.
t

</doc>
<doc id="20101208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101208" title="1990 Peugeot Italian Open">
1990 Peugeot Italian Open

The 1990 Italian Open (known as the "Peugeot Italian Open" for sponsorship reasons) was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 47th edition of the Italian Open, and was part of the ATP Super 9 of the 1990 ATP Tour, and of the Tier I Series of the 1990 WTA Tour. Both the men's and the women's events were held at the Foro Italico in Rome, Italy. The women's tournament was played from May 7 through May 13, 1990 and the men's tournament was played from May 13 through May 21, 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="20101210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101210" title="LYME (software bundle)">
LYME (software bundle)

LYME and LYCE are solution stacks composed entirely of free and open-source software to build high-availability heavy duty dynamic web pages. The stacks are composed of:
The LYME and LYCE bundles can be and are combined with many other free and open-source software packages such as e.g. netsniff-ng for security testing and hardening, Snort, an intrusion detection (IDS) and intrusion prevention system (IPS), RRDtool for diagrams, or Nagios, Collectd, or Cacti, for monitoring.
Details.
Both databases Mnesia and CouchDB as well as Yaws (and also Mochiweb, Misultin, and Cowboy) are written in Erlang, so web applications developed for LYME / LYCE may be run entirely in one Erlang virtual machine. This is in contrast to LAMP where the web server (Apache) and the application (written in PHP, Perl or Python) might be in the same process, but the database is always a separate process. As a result of using Erlang, LYME and LYCE applications perform well under high load and if distribution and fault tolerance is needed.
The query and data manipulation language of Mnesia is also Erlang (rather than SQL), therefore a web-application for LYME is developed using only a single programming language.
Interest in LYME as a stack had begun by August 2005, as was soon cited as a high-performance web application platform that used a single development language throughout. Favorable comparisons to other popular stacks such as Ruby on Rails were soon forthcoming. Comparisons to LAMP have also been favourable, although some have highlighted the difficulties of porting "SQL thinking" to the very different context of Mnesia
Adoption.
A successful user of LYME is the Swedish internet payment-processing company, Klarna, who have built their whole architecture on LYME. This is seen as a successful project that demonstrates virtues of both LYME and functional programming in general.
LYME was also covered in the Erlang session at the Software Practice Advancement (SPA) 2008
Besides Yaws, there are several other web servers written in Erlang, e.g. Mochiweb, Misultin, and Cowboy.
Besides Mnesia and CouchDB, there are a couple of other databases written in Erlang, e.g., Cloudant, Couchbase Server (née Membase), database management system optimized for storing data behind interactive web applications, Riak, and SimpleDB (part of Amazon Web Services).

</doc>
<doc id="20101224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101224" title="The Photographer's Mail">
The Photographer's Mail

The Photographer's Mail was the only commercial photography industry publication in New Zealand. It was a monthly broadsheet newspaper published eleven times a year, that was distributed free to the professional photography community.
The magazine was purchased by Parkside Media in 2007 to complement D-Photo magazine which focuses more on consumer and enthusiast photography.
Parkside Media's offices are in Grey Lynn, Auckland, New Zealand.
In January 2010, it was announced that 'Parkside Media has decided to suspend publication of The Photographer's Mail for the time being' in a statement from the editor, published in the forums of the sister title D-Photo.
From the statement: 'For the last 19 years, The Photographer’s Mail has been a free publication, almost entirely dependent on advertising support to continue operation. A number of different factors have meant the photography industry squeezed margins and dropped profits over the last year, which ultimately saw former advertisers unable to support the magazine.
This decrease is advertising spend has meant that Parkside Media can no longer produce TPM in its current format and will suspend publication until support returns to levels where a free-to-reader publication once again becomes viable.
However, a magazine with a twenty-year history and a loyal readership shouldn't simply disappear overnight. It's been an important industry bulletin and that role is an invaluable one. A new section in D-Photo, D-Photo Pro will pick up much of the news and commentary that formerly appeared in the monthly. D-Photo's popularity has been readily increasing, and hopefully this new section will help improve that trend. First appearing in the April/May 2010 issue, the D-Photo Pro will provide the professional photography industry its essential voice.
In addition, a regular online version of TPM will continue to be distributed, with much of the same content, save the physical product. At this stage, a 16-page PDF, emailed to all interested industry professionals and suppliers will be scheduled for a February release.
This is a new dawn for TPM and it will return to its current format as soon as market conditions allow. The new formats will continue to serve the entire industry as it has the past 19 years, not all change is bad.'
Magazine contents.
As of the November 2008 issue, the typical contents included:
Website.
The Photographer's Mail shared its website with D-Photo. Daily news articles were available weekdays which were additional to magazine content. Full magazine articles were available from previous issues, often including additional photos and information (including videos) that could not be fitted into the magazine. No physical back issues are stored of the magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="20101231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101231" title="Ivo Cipci">
Ivo Cipci

Ivo Cipci (born April 25, 1933) is a Croat water polo player who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
He was part of the Yugoslav team which won the silver medal in the 1956 tournament. He played all seven matches.
Four years later he was a squad member of the Yugoslav Olympic team in the 1960 tournament but he did not play in a single match.

</doc>
<doc id="20101246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101246" title="Gompertz distribution">
Gompertz distribution

In probability and statistics, the Gompertz distribution is a continuous probability distribution. The Gompertz distribution is often applied to describe the distribution of adult lifespans by demographers and actuaries. Related fields of science such as biology and gerontology also considered the Gompertz distribution for the analysis of survival. More recently, computer scientists have also started to model the failure rates of computer codes by the Gompertz distribution. In marketing science, it has been used as an individual-level model of customer lifetime.
Specification.
Probability density function.
The probability density function of the Gompertz distribution is:
where formula_2 is the scale parameter and formula_3 is the shape parameter of the Gompertz distribution. In the actuarial and biological sciences and in demography, the Gompertz distribution is parametrized slightly differently (Gompertz–Makeham law of mortality).
Cumulative distribution function.
The cumulative distribution function of the Gompertz distribution is:
where formula_5 and formula_6
Moment generating function.
The moment generating function is:
where
Properties.
The Gompertz distribution is a flexible distribution that can be skewed to the right and to the left.
Shapes.
The Gompertz density function can take on different shapes depending on the values of the shape parameter formula_9:

</doc>
<doc id="20101259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101259" title="Stéphane Leduc">
Stéphane Leduc

Stéphane Leduc (1 November 1853 – 8 March 1939) was a French biologist who sought to contribute to understanding of the chemical and physical mechanisms of life. He was a scientist in the fledgling field of synthetic biology, particularly in relation to diffusion and osmosis. He was a professor at the École de Médecine de Nantes and worked on osmotic crystallisation and the physiological effects of electric current. He was an Officier de la Légion d'honneur.
Leduc believed that it is necessary to appreciate biological processes from a physical perspective and constructed models from physics and chemistry to try to explain development and growth; these would typically involve ingenious combinations of chemicals to produce systems which mimicked the appearance of living processes such as karyokinesis and "remarkable fungus-like forms". He " extra-physical forces in the phenomena of life". According to Keller, these models were largely unsuccessful, "not just because of the conspicuous artificiality of his osmotic growths". Leduc sought to synthesise life "by directing the physical forces which are its cause" (in his own words).

</doc>
<doc id="20101262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101262" title="Tomislav Franjković">
Tomislav Franjković

Tomislav Franjković (May 19, 1931 – October 11, 2010) was a Croat water polo player who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
He was part of the Yugoslav team which won the silver medal in the 1956 tournament. He played six matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20101268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101268" title="Mel Broughton">
Mel Broughton

Mel Broughton (born 5 July 1960) is a British landscape gardener who has risen to public prominence as one of the UK's most notable animal rights advocates. He was the co-founder in 2004, with Robert Cogswell, of SPEAK, The Voice for the Animals, a campaign to stop animal testing in Britain, which is focused on opposition to a new animal laboratory at Oxford University. 
Broughton was jailed for two years and eight months in 1999 after police found a firebomb in his car, which he said was intended to destroy animal transporters to stop the live export of animals from the UK to the European continent. He was arrested again and remanded in custody in December 2007 after the Animal Liberation Front planted incendiary devices in Oxford University colleges. A jury cleared him of possessing explosive substances, but failed to reach a verdict on other charges. Following his retrial in 2009 he was convicted and sentenced to 10 years in prison for conspiracy to commit arson. However, in March 2010 Mel Broughton had his conviction overturned, arguing that the DNA evidence in the case had been unreliable. He was later granted bail with "stringent conditions" and was re-tried in June/July 2010.
On the 13th of July 2010 Broughton was once again found guilty and returned to prison to complete the balance of his sentence.
Early life.
Broughton's father is a former painter and decorator and his mother, Pauline, a care assistant in an old people's home. Both are committed animal rights advocates who work alongside Broughton on the SPEAK campaign. His mother, 70 years old at the time, was injured in September 2004 when a construction worker at Oxford University threw a white burning substance at her during an animal rights demonstration.
Activism.
Broughton has been involved in animal rights for over 30 years. He worked on Operation Osprey in Scotland when he was 15, living in a tent to guard osprey nests. He later worked in animal sanctuaries, and campaigned against zoos, circuses, factory farming, and live animal exports.
He lives in Northampton with Bella, a rescue dog, devoting most of his time to SPEAK. He told "The Independent on Sunday":
This was always my life, but now it takes up so much of my life that it's very difficult. In fact survival is very, very hard. My flat's nothing special — two rooms — and I live as frugally as I possibly can to make sure I can campaign. I'm not trying to make myself out to be a martyr because this is my choice.
Rocky the dolphin.
Broughton was first arrested in 1988, when he and three other activists, including Barry Horne — who died in 2001 during an animal-rights hunger strike — tried to remove Rocky, a bottlenose dolphin, from a small concrete pool inside Marineland, in Morecambe, Lancashire. Rocky had been in the pool, mostly alone, for 17 years, after being captured off the coast of Florida in 1971.
Broughton and the others intended to move the dolphin, who weighed 650 lbs, 200 yards from the pool to the sea, using a ladder, a net, a home-made dolphin stretcher, and a hired Mini Metro. On the night of the action, they realized the logistics of the operation were beyond them, and decided to abandon their plans, but were arrested when the police found them with the dolphin stretcher in the back of the car. Broughton, Horne, Jim O'Donnell, and Jim Buckner were fined £500, while Broughton and Horne were also given six-month suspended sentences.
The management of Marineland eventually agreed to give Rocky to campaigners in response to Broughton and others picketing the facility, money that the activists raised with the help of the Born Free Foundation and the "Mail on Sunday". In 1991, Rocky was transferred to a lagoon reserve in the Turks and Caicos Islands, then released. Peter Hughes of the University of Sunderland cites the campaign as an example of how promoting an animal rights perspective created a paradigm shift toward seeing dolphins as individuals, as a result of which, he writes, there are now no captive dolphins in the UK.
1999 possession and conspiracy charges.
Broughton was first jailed in 1999 after police found a bomb in the boot of his car. He was convicted of conspiracy to cause an explosion likely to endanger life. He was sentenced to four years, and released in June 2002 after serving two years and eight months.
Broughton told "The Independent on Sunday" that he took the chance to educate himself while in prison, studying philosophy and social sciences with the Open University. "I found a lot of sympathy inside," he told the newspaper, "but a lot of the general prisoners found it very difficult to understand that I was inside for something I'd done for no personal gain."
SPEAC and SPEAK campaigns.
In July 2003, Broughton and Robert Cogswell set up a campaign to halt construction of a new non-human primate research facility at Cambridge University, the plans for which suggested it would be Europe's largest primate vivisection centre. The "Stop Primate Experiments at Cambridge" (SPEAC) campaign succeeded in persuading the university to abandon its plans in January 2004.
Shortly thereafter, SPEAC learned that Oxford University planned to build a new animal research laboratory, including a non-human primate lab, in the university's science area. The activists said that talks between Oxford and Cambridge had resulted in Oxford agreeing to conduct the brain experiments that were lost with the abandonment of Cambridge's plans. SPEAC became "SPEAK, The Voice for the Animals", relaunching itself as a campaign to halt all animal testing in the UK, with its second target the new Oxford lab, which opened in November 2008.
2009 conviction for conspiracy to commit arson.
In connection with his role in the SPEAK campaign, Broughton was charged in December 2007 with conspiracy to blackmail and possession of incendiary devices after fire broke out inside a sports pavilion belonging to Queen's College, Oxford in November 2006, and two petrol bombs were found inside the university's Templeton College in February 2007. The Animal Liberation Front claimed responsibility for the attacks.
Police arrested Broughton after finding a university employee's security pass and a notebook containing a list of targets for "direct action" under a carpet, and sparklers and a battery connector in an unused water tank at his house. The prosecution alleged that Broughton's DNA matched a sample found on the fuse on one of the petrol bombs.
Transcripts were submitted to the court during Broughton's trial of a recording in which Oxford police discussed a "dirty war" against Broughton, and how they were going to "get him." Broughton told the court that he was under constant police surveillance.
The jury was discharged in November 2008 after clearing Broughton of keeping an explosive substance with intent, but failing to reach verdicts on the other charges. Broughton was remanded in custody until his retrial in February 2009, whereupon he was found guilty of conspiracy to commit arson and sentenced to ten years by the Oxford Crown Court. Judge Patrick Eccles QC accused Broughton of being part of a "ruthless conspiracy" against the Oxford Biomedical Facility.
In March 2010, Mel Broughton had his conviction overturned due to the 'unsafe' way in which the trial judge summed up the conviction, with Broughton arguing the DNA evidence in the case had been unreliable. He was later granted bail on "stringent conditions" that he does not engage in animal rights activities and enter Oxfordshire. He was re-tried in June 2010. On July 13, 2010 he was found guilty at the retrial, and sentenced to 10 years imprisonment.

</doc>
<doc id="20101317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101317" title="Shades of the Swarm">
Shades of the Swarm

Shades of the Swarm is a 12 x 12" vinyl box set released by Isis to commemorate their 10th anniversary, and was strictly limited to 600 copies. The box set was jointly released by Robotic Empire and Conspiracy Records who each produced 300 copies. The box set comprises the entire discography of the band, with the exception of live albums and split releases, in newly redesigned sleeves based on artwork from the original sources and on heavyweight 180gm black vinyl. The cloth-bound box is embossed with a gold illustration by Aaron Horkey, and the oversize 12" x 36" poster insert contains the lyrics for the entire discography.
From earliest to latest the records included are: "Mosquito Control EP", "The Red Sea EP", "Sawblade EP", "Celestial" (2xLP), "Sgnl>05 (EP)", "Oceanic" (2xLP), "Panopticon" (2xLP) and "In the Absence of Truth" (2xLP).

</doc>
<doc id="20101330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101330" title="Bless">
Bless

Bless may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20101335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101335" title="Arthur L. Johnson">
Arthur L. Johnson

Dr. Arthur L. Johnson (died 1955) was an educator in the U.S. state of New Jersey and the namesake of Arthur L. Johnson High School in Clark.
Johnson served as the superintendent of schools for Union County, founding Union County College and helping organize the Union County Band and Orchestra Summer School and the Eastern Conservatory of Music and Arts. 
He also helped establish the county’s regional high school system, which lasted until July 1997.
Johnson died in 1955, shortly before the new high school in Clark was set to open. The district opted to name the school, which was a part of county district and now operates as part of the Clark Public Schools System, in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="20101343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101343" title="Giovanni Cobolli Gigli">
Giovanni Cobolli Gigli

Giovanni Cobolli Gigli (born 4 January 1945 in Albese con Cassano) is an Italian lawyer and the former president of Juventus Football Club. He has a business degree from Bocconi University. After starting out working in marketing for a multinational pharmaceutical company, in 1973 he joined Turin company IFI S.p.A.
In September 1980, he became the executive assistant to the CEO of the Fabbri Editorial Group. He became the general manager of that company in 1984 and, as RCS Group became stockholder of the Fabbri Editorial Group, in 1991, he was named CEO of Rizzoli's book sector. In November 1993, he joined the Mondadori publishing group and became CEO of parent company Arnoldo Mondadori Editore S.p.A., as well as the director of many other companies within the group. In November 1994, he left to become CEO and general manager of the Rinascente Group. He stayed there until July 2005.
In 2003, he became the chairman of Federdistribuzione, and he has also been the deputy chairman and director of Confcommercio, a position he left at the end of 2005. He has also been member of the board of directors of Alpitour (until April 2007) and Auchan (until October 2007) and member of the Directorate and deputy chairman of UPA (Associated Advertising Body). At the moment, he sits on the board of directors of ICE (National Institute for Foreign Trade) and of Federdistribuzione.
In the wake of Calciopoli, Cobolli Gigli became the chairman of the board of Juventus. From 2006 to 2009 he completed the new "triade" along with Jean-Claude Blanc (GM) and Alessio Secco (Director of Sport).

</doc>
<doc id="20101350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101350" title="Para Siempre">
Para Siempre

Para Siempre ("Forever") is the 79th studio album released by Mexican singer Vicente Fernández on September 18, 2007 by Sony BMG. Written and produced by Joan Sebastian, and co-produced by Jesús Rincón, the album is a successful mariachi record. It has sold two million copies worldwide, and is one of the biggest-selling albums by Fernández. It spawned four singles: "Estos Celos", "La Derrota", "Un Millón de Primaveras" and the title track, the latter of which was used as the main theme to the Mexican telenovela "Fuego En La Sangre", which brought the album wider exposure and helped it to stay in the charts for over two years. It was named the best-selling Regional Mexican Album of the decade by Billboard.
Originally conceived as a banda music project, the album earned Fernández a Latin Grammy Award for Best Ranchero Album, four Premios Oye! and a Grammy nomination. "Para Siempre" is considered responsible for bringing Mexican traditional music to a younger audience that had never listened to the singer before. Fernández released music videos for the twelve tracks and recorded a TV special on his ranch in Guadalajara, Jalisco. A sold-out promotional tour led to the recording of the live album "Primera Fila", Fernández' follow up album.
Background.
Two recognized artists worked together for the first time on "Para Siempre": Vicente Fernández, the "king" of Mexico's traditional ranchera music and one of that country's most recognizable and influential cultural icons, and singer-songwriter Joan Sebastian. Since Fernández's emergence in the mid-'60s, his popularity among Mexicans and Mexican-Americans has been likened to that of Frank Sinatra and Elvis Presley in the United States. His concerts both in Mexico and the United States routinely sell out and his 100-plus albums (including compilations) have reportedly sold 50 million copies. Sebastian has been celebrated by critics for his contribution to Mexican culture, thanks to his successful singer career and his work producing artists such as Antonio Aguilar, Pepe Aguilar, Lucero and Rocío Dúrcal; he is also a three time Grammy winner. "Para Siempre", the 79th studio album by Fernández, was released in September 2007 in several countries. It was recorded to celebrate the 40th anniversary of his singing career, and is, according to Fernández's record label, one of his most important albums. Nevertheless, Sebastian said that the label did not have high expectations for the album.
Recording.
Fernández has stated that the album was conceived as a banda album with original music by Sebastian, a first for the singer; before this, in 1993, he included a cover of a song written by Sebastian titled "Verdad Que Duele" ("It Hurts") on his album "Lástima Que Seas Ajena" ("A Shame You Belong to Another"). Fernández' fans kept asking to record banda songs and written by Sebastian, prompting him to record the album. Fernández was not pleased with the idea of trading his classic mariachi style for banda, but agreed to record with Sebastian as a "thank you" to his fans. In the album liner notes the singer dedicated the album to his wife and included a message for this fans: "As long as you keep applauding, I will be singing 'forever'."
In late 2006, on Fernández' ranch in Guadalajara, Jalisco, he asked Sebastian for songs to record on his next album and they agreed that his next project would be to work with Fernández on the album. Sebastian began preparing the demos along with Beto Jiménez, and in early 2007 he told Fernández that the songs were ready. The singer flew to the producer's studio and recorded them. Fernández has said of working with Sebastian: "He is more than a friend, he is my brother, he writes excellent songs and has a great sensibility."
The album was recorded in Cuernavaca, Morelos at the JS Studios. "I went to one of his houses for a day and in less than seven hours my part of the album was ready, he put everything on the table, its very good and romantic." Fernández kept his mariachi style on the album and the producer only added more tamboras; the singer was confident that this album was going to be a success, since his audience was demanding his union with Sebastian.
Composition.
From the 12 tracks included, only the title track presents a successful love relationship; while Sebastian's lyrics contain popular slang. Guitars, trumpets, violins and an accordion create the mariachi sound. The last track, "El Chofer" ("The Driver"), is a resembles José Alfredo Jiménez lyrical style, since Fernández travels "through Laredo to Michoacán." Some inspiration for the tracks came from the writer's crush on the Mexican actress Salma Hayek.
Presentation.
The album debuted on September 15, 2007, in a live concert at the Arena VFG in Guadalajara, Jalisco. Due to his dislike of massive tours, Fernández did not hold a large promotional campaign. Despite this, he performed live in the Mexican cities of Ciudad Juárez, Reynosa, Ciudad del Carmen, Lagos de Moreno, Sahuayo, Jiménez, Tijuana, Ensenada, San Luis Potosí, México City, Guadalajara, Pachuca, and the American cities Phoenix, Denver, Atlanta, New York, Miami, Chicago, Dallas, Houston, Los Angeles, Las Vegas, Nevada and San Jose. This short tour garnered a nomination for Latin Tour of the Year at the Billboard Latin Music Awards. Vicente Fernández recorded a TV special on his ranch in Guadalajara, Jalisco, which was broadcast in late September 2007 and December 25, 2007, by Televisa.
Reception.
On his review for Billboard en Español, Joel Brito declared that the tracks, "Un Millón de Primaveras" ("A Million Springs") and "El Último Beso" ("The Last Kiss"), are tender and desperate, with Vicente's voice powerful, sweet and cheerful; while "Estos Celos", was one of his best performances, along with "Niña Hechicera" ("Wicked Girl"). Jason Birchmeier of Allmusic gave the album four stars; he described it as "near-perfect" and "stellar". He praised the singing, the songwriting, and the instrumentation. Tijana Ilich of About.com gave the album a four and a half stars calling "Para Siempre for a melody as lovely as the story".
For the Grammy Awards of 2008 the album received a nomination for Best Mexican/Mexican-American Album which it lost to "100% Mexicano" by Pepe Aguilar. For the Latin Grammy Awards of 2008 "Para Siempre" won for Best Ranchero Album, and the first single "Estos Celos" won a Latin Grammy as Best Regional Mexican Song. The album was also nominated for Album of the Year, which was awarded to "La Vida... Es un Ratico", by Colombian singer-songwriter Juanes. In México, the album won four Premios Oye! in the following categories: Album of the Year, Song of the Year ("Estos Celos"), Best Ranchero Solo Artist and Best "Telenovela", Movie or Series Song ("Para Siempre"). Joan Sebastian also received two awards by the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers for the title track: Song of the Year and Best Regional Music Song.
Vicente Fernández received five nominations for the 11th Billboard Latin Music Awards for his work on this album: Hot Latin Songs Artist, Hot Latin Song, Male ("Para Siempre"), Top Latin Albums Artist and Regional Mexican Airplay Song, Male ("Para Siempre" and "La Derrota"); Joan Sebastian is nominated for both Songwriter and Producer of the Year. On April 23, 2009, Fernández won the awards for Top Latin Albums Artist and Regional Mexican Airplay Song for the title track.
Commercial release.
Formats.
The standard CD tracklisting was released on September 18, 2007 in México, September 25, 2007 in United States and on February 26, 2008 in Spain with an album cover featuring the performer on a red background. On April 15, 2008, a CD/DVD format, with a black background on the cover was released, which included music videos for the 12 tracks recorded on "Para Siempre", directed by Benjamin Hidalgo. A karaoke version of the album, with a yellow background, was released in April 2008.
Album.
The recording debuted at number 51 on the AMPROFON Mexican Album Chart in October 2007 and climbed to the top position 21 weeks later; it spent a total of 14 weeks (non-consecutive) at the top of the chart. "Para Siempre" was certified diamond in Mexico for sales of 600,000 units. The sales were, according to Sony BMG Marketing Vice-President and A&R Nir Seroussi, a "phenomenon" because "the music market in Mexico is completely pirated" and Fernández's albums usually sell only 50,000 units per album.
In October 2007, the album debuted at number two on the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums and spent almost its entire chart run in the Top Ten; it topped the chart for five non-consecutive weeks, three weeks in 2008 and two in 2009, when it replaced "Primera Fila", Fernández' follow-up live album, at the top of the chart, being the first time that a male performer replaces himself at number-one, and the first time since Selena did it in 1995. According to Sony BMG Norte, with over one million copies sold worldwide, "Para Siempre" is the most successful release by Vicente Fernández since 2000. Only seven other recordings by Fernández sold more units in the United States. It was the best-selling Regional Mexican album of 2008 and at the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums Year-end chart the album ranked at number two, behind "" by Wisin & Yandel. "Para Siempre" was purchased on 50,000 mobile phones in Mexico, a "novelty" for a regional Mexican album. The album's success is attributed to a change in the sound; instead of employing multiple composers and producers as in previous albums, "Para Siempre" was written and produced entirely by Joan Sebastian. Miguel Trujillo, Sony BMG México CEO, commented about the album, "This album connected to a new generation that probably never listened to Vicente before." "Para Siempre" was named the best-selling Regional Mexican album of the decade in the United States.
Singles.
On August 10, 2007, "Estos Celos" ("This Jealousy") was released in México and United States as the lead single from the album. It peaked at number three in the "Billboard" Hot Latin Tracks, spent 40 weeks on the chart. "Estos Celos" ranked 28th in 2007 and 5th in 2008 in the "Billboard" Hot Regional Mexican Songs Year-end charts and its ringtone has been one on the top two sellers for Sony BMG Norte since the album release. In Colombia, broadcast of a cover version of this single performed by 'El Cape' Medina and Sneider Geles—recorded in vallenato style and included on the album "Por Siempre y Para Siempre"—was not allowed by the Colombian Music Association. The song was recorded without a planned commercial release, and the album recorded by Medina and Geles was only given to their friends, but the song unexpectedly achieved success on the Internet and some radio stations in Colombia. 'Cape' Medina said that the song may have been restricted out of the original Mexican publisher's jealousy. This version can still be found on file sharing websites and in the video sharing website YouTube. The second single released, "La Derrota" ("The Defeat"), peaked at number seven in the Hot Latin Tracks chart and number one in México and Colombia. The third single, "Para Siempre", was featured as the main theme for the Mexican telenovela "Fuego En La Sangre" and hit the number two spot in the Latin charts in United States and number one in México and Colombia. The fourth single yielded from the album was "Un Millón de Primaveras" which did not chart in United States, but peaked at number one in México and Colombia. On the "Billboard" Year-end charts of 2008, Vicente Fernández appeared three times within the Top 25 with three singles from this release: the title track ranked at number six, "Estos Celos" at number 10 and "La Derrota" ended at number 25. The ringtones for "Estos Celos" and "Para Siempre" received a platinum certification for sales over 25,000 units.
Personnel.
The following information is from Allmusic and from "Para Siempre" liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="20101410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101410" title="Last Resort (House)">
Last Resort (House)

"Last Resort" is the ninth episode of the fifth season of "House" and the ninety-fifth episode overall. It aired on November 25, 2008. This episode is an "extended episode" as it runs for an extra seven minutes (excluding ads), taking the total episode's length without ads to 50 minutes.
Plot.
A gun-wielding man named Jason (Željko Ivanek) from the waiting room at the Princeton-Plainsboro clinic takes House, Thirteen, a nurse, and several patients from the waiting room hostage in Cuddy's office. The man claims to be sick with a long undiagnosed illness and demands medical attention from the best doctor in the hospital, threatening to kill any hostages necessary along the way. With a room full of already sick patients, House must use them as guinea pigs to assure the hostage-taker that the medications he is administering to him are legitimate.
As Cuddy and the rest of House's team communicate with House over the phone to run tests and offer possible diagnoses, they ponder the possibility that Jason has nothing physically wrong with him and that everyone in Cuddy's office could wind up dead. With one hostage already shot, Thirteen wagers her own already diminished health as she simultaneously receives the experimental treatments the hostage-taker patient is receiving as he wants to make sure they are not sedatives. Her life lies in danger as House's own determination to diagnose the hostage-taker threatens to thwart the SWAT team's plan to put an end to the standoff in the "Last Resort" fire.
At one point, House gets the gun in order to do an CT, but gives it back afterwards in order to continue the standoff and the search. After receiving medicine for Cushing's Syndrome, Thirteen develops kidney failure. This actually gives House a clue as Jason's kidneys are "not" failing and the team realizes that some of the drugs he'd previously taken must be protecting his kidneys and perhaps saved his life.
Next the team believes that its Melioidosis but Jason says he's not been to tropical climates having never traveled farther south than Florida. Realizing that Florida is warm enough for the diagnosis to fit, House calls for drugs to treat the disease. Jason sends House out in exchange for the drugs and demands that Thirteen take the injection first to make sure it's the real thing, despite knowing it would kill her in her current state. Although up until this point she has displayed reckless and risky behaviour in response her disease, at this point Thirteen refuses, tearfully realising "I don't want to die." He prepares to fire at Thirteen, but at the last second grabs the drugs and injects them into himself as the SWAT team blows the wall down and storms the room.
Jason is taken down, and House reenters the room to find Thirteen still alive. When he asks her why she's alive, she responds, "he didn't make me take it." Outside, as Jason is arrested, House signals him to take a deep breath and let it out, and as he is able to do it, the diagnosis of Melioidosis is confirmed. According to House, the disease was easy to miss on various tests, and the fact that Jason never mentioned his trip to Florida prevented the diagnosis earlier. After nearly dying, Thirteen asks Foreman to admit her in to a clinical trial for Huntington's.
At the end of the episode, Cuddy is looking around at her destroyed office when House enters. They argue over who is to blame, him for being so obsessed with solving the case that he gave the man back the gun, or her for doing everything he told her. Cuddy abruptly ends the conversation saying 'this' is why they wouldn't work in a relationship. House tells her that he's not sure how to help her then, since as they are not in a relationship now the only way to change would be to be together. Shocked, Cuddy asks if he wants a relationship with her. He hesitates, before sarcastically saying that he was just trying to follow her logic.
It is also revealed that the reason House was in Dr. Cuddy's office in the beginning of the episode was to pull a prank in which he turned a drawer in her desk upside down so when she opens it the contents all fall out, which ends the episode.
Music.
This episode featured the song "Between The Lines" (feat. Bajka) by British musician, producer and DJ, Bonobo, "Herzog" by Chris Clark, as well as "Glue of the World" by Four Tet, "It's Not The Same" by Yppah and "A Chronicle of Early Failures Pt. One" by The Dead Texan.

</doc>
<doc id="20101418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101418" title="Joseph Cao">
Joseph Cao

Ánh "Joseph" Quang Cao ( ; ; born March 13, 1967 in Saigon, South Vietnam) is an American politician who was the U.S. Representative for from 2009 to 2011. He is a member of the Republican Party. In April 2011, Cao announced his candidacy for the office of Attorney General of Louisiana; however, in September 2011 he pulled out of the race, and the incumbent Buddy Caldwell ran unopposed for a second term.
He was the first Vietnamese American to serve in Congress, and the first and thus far only Republican from his New Orleans-based district since 1891.
Early life and education.
Cao's father, My Quang Cao (1931-2010), was a lieutenant in the South Vietnamese Army and was captured by the North Vietnamese Army at the end of the Vietnam War in 1975. His mother, Khang Thi Tran (born 1935), did not immediately flee South Vietnam. She stayed with five of Cao's siblings and was allowed to visit her husband only five times during the seven years he was imprisoned in a Communist "re-education camp". Anh Cao was eight years old when he went to the United States in 1975 with two other siblings and an uncle as refugees. Once released, Cao's father joined his family in Houston, Texas, while suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder and diabetes.
Cao almost became a Roman Catholic priest. He graduated from Jersey Village High School in Houston. He then earned a Bachelor of Science degree in physics at Baylor University in Waco, Texas. He was a Jesuit seminarian for six years, but withdrew from his studies when he realized that the ministry was not his calling. He earned his Master of Arts in philosophy from Fordham University in New York City, and in 2000 his J.D. from Loyola University School of Law in New Orleans. While in law school, he also taught undergraduate courses in philosophy at Loyola.
Law practice.
Cao used his legal training and experience in immigration issues. He taught at a parochial school in Virginia and volunteered at Boat People SOS (BPSOS) to assist Vietnamese refugees and immigrants and help organize Vietnamese-American communities toward self-sufficiency. He served as a board member of BPSOS from September 1996 to March 2002. After working with Waltzer & Associates, Cao opened his own law practice specializing in immigration law. He decided to enter politics after seeing the government response to Hurricane Katrina, and soon became involved in leading New Orleans East residents to oppose a landfill.
U.S. House of Representatives.
Cao was the first Vietnamese American, as well as the first native of Vietnam, to serve in US Congress, and the first Republican to serve in his district since 1890; his district usually votes overwhelmingly Democratic. Cao was the least affluent member of Louisiana's delegation in Congress: as of 2009 his assets were no greater than $195,000 and his potential liabilities mounted to $215,000, including student loans for himself and his wife.
Cao was sworn into office on January 6, 2009, with his family and a group of Vietnamese-Americans in attendance. After the swearing-in by Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi, Jefferson Parish Judge Robert Murphy re-administered the oath in Cao's new office.
Despite the tardiness of the election date, Cao was able to set up his office and staff and to gain committee assignments for the 111th Congress. On March 24, 2009, 11 weeks to the day after he was sworn in as a new member, Cao delivered his first speech on the House floor—a statement supporting a bill by California Democrat Linda Sánchez to express congressional support of Welcome Home Vietnam Veterans Day.
The bill passed. Cao's speech had been written by his Legislative Director, A. Brooke Bennett. (Jonathan Tilove, Cao speech honors Vietnam veterans, "Times-Picayune", March 25, 2009, Saint Tammany Edition, p. A4 version accessed March 26, 2009. See also Jorge A. Maspons, [http://www.nola.com/timespic/stories/index.ssf?/base/news-13/1238217706247720.xml&coll=1 Vietnam veteran applauds speech "Times-Picayune", March 28, 2009, Saint Tammany Edition, p. B4.)</ref>
Cao, with the support of congressional Republicans who collectively had an entitlement to 40 percent of earmarks for federal projects, soon set about to "bring home the bacon" for his district. His requested projects totaled $1.2 billion, approximately three times the average for the other six members of Louisiana's U.S. House delegation. Support by Louisiana's Democratic United States Senator Mary Landrieu and by lobbyist and former United States Representative Bob Livingston rendered several of the projects credible for congressional approval.
Livingston represented the adjoining First Congressional District of Louisiana from 1977 to 1998. Cao also showed interest in environmental issues, saying in a meeting at Loyola University New Orleans on April 16, 2009: "I recognize there is an issue of global warming that we have to address."
Cao was invited to a White House reception on April 23, 2009, at which time he presented the president with a letter requesting $490 million for post-Katrina restoration of New Orleans' Charity Hospital (FEMA had offered $150 million). Cao also spoke with Vice President Joe Biden regarding the recovery and met with White House social secretary Desiree Rogers.
In June 2010, Cao was one of only two Republicans to vote in favor of the DISCLOSE Act, intended to limit spending on political campaigns by corporations in the wake of the Supreme Court's decision in Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission. The bill requires added disclosure for political spending by corporations and prohibits some corporate political spending.
In December 2010, Cao was one of fifteen Republican House members to vote in favor of repealing the United States military's "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" ban on openly gay service members.
According to a 2011 survey by the "National Journal", Cao was the most liberal Republican in the House.
Office.
Cao quickly assembled a staff, including former state representative Rosalind Peychaud, a Democrat, as his deputy chief of staff.
The late date of Cao's election meant that he inherited Jefferson's office, 2113, in the Rayburn House Office Building, despite the difference in seniority. Writing in the "Times-Picayune", Jonathan Tilove observed the notability of 2113 in the Rayburn Building due to its being, as Jefferson's former location, the only congressional office ever raided by the FBI. By the middle of February 2009 Cao had hired most of his staff.
In April 2009, Cao's district staff moved into what was reputed to be – by Kenner Mayor Ed Muniz – ""Kenner's first-ever office for a sitting congressman"". The office was formerly a storeroom in Kenner's Community Services Department at 624 Williams Boulevard (LA 49).
Committee assignments.
After confirmation by the House Republican Conference, Cao was assigned to the Homeland Security Committee and the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee.
Interest in Congressional Black Caucus.
From the outset of Cao's congressional service, his relationship to the Congressional Black Caucus remained uncertain. George Mason University political scientist Michael K. Fauntroy described Cao's expressed interest in joining as "a very smart move".
However, Cao was "rebuffed" by the Congressional Black Caucus in his attempt to join it despite representing a heavily black district.
Cao told the "Times-Picayune" that President Obama should receive a letter grade of "A" for his first 100 days in office. Cao cited as his reason for such a high mark Obama's "working with us in this whole recovery process" (in reference to Hurricane Katrina).
Recall drive.
Among the bills which came to the floor during Cao's first days in Congress, Cao voted against the Obama Administration's stimulus package. Cao justified his votes on expressed dissatisfaction that his 2nd congressional district of Louisiana ranked dead last among the 435 congressional districts in outlays provided by the legislation even though the district was one of the most seriously damaged by hurricanes. Cao's vote provoked a petition to recall him, which formally began on February 16, 2009. Louisiana Secretary of State Jay Dardenne and other Louisiana officials, as well as congressional analysts, perceived it as having little or no prospect of succeeding. Although the petition collected more than 13,000 signatures on the first day, it needed more than 100,000 within 180 days to fulfill Louisiana requirements. Congress has never removed, and has no constitutional provision to do, a member based on constituents' recall. Several leaders of the recall campaign, specifically the Reverends Samuel Butler and Toris Young, claimed to have been supporters of Cao, though Cao and his campaign manager Bryan Wagner, a former member of the New Orleans City Council, said they had never met them. After Louisiana Attorney General Buddy Caldwell issued an opinion that the state cannot recall federal officials, Butler and Young announced that they would pursue the matter in the federal courts. Young's ability to criticize Cao was mocked by "Times-Picayune" columnist James Gill because of Young's 11 convictions for fraud and identity theft.
On March 1, 2009, the "Times-Picayune" reported that Obama had tried to reach Cao on his cellphone prior to the vote on the stimulus package but was unsuccessful; Cao acknowledged that Obama "might have been persuasive" with a "concrete commitment" to help the 2nd district and New Orleans. Cao stated that the Obama administration's $410 billion omnibus spending bill for the final 7 months of Fiscal Year 2009 (ending September 30, 2009) "would provide important benefits for his 2nd Congressional District" and became one of 16 Republicans voting in favor of that bill.
Before the recall petition, a separate petition had been started to recall New Orleans City Councilwoman Stacy Head, who is white but represents a predominantly black constituency after defeating Jefferson protégé Renée Gill Pratt in 2006. Head, a Democrat, supported Cao in the election on December 6, 2008. James Gill defended Head's support for Cao (who is not white but Asian) and asserted it was based not on race but that "Jefferson ... is morally unfit for any public office." The petition to recall Head failed to meet its statutory deadline.
FEMA critic.
On February 25, 2009, Cao grabbed headlines by announcing that his staff members were investigating the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) office in New Orleans. Cao, whose aversive relationship with the agency had started during his time as a community activist for victims of Hurricane Katrina, accused FEMA of a host of malfeasance charges, including "widespread complaints of discrimination, sexual harassment, ethics violations, nepotism and cronyism." Cao conveyed his concerns to the Obama administration's Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano, who promised that "we will obviously follow up." The next day Cao's call for the resignation of Doug Whitmer, head of FEMA's New Orleans office, was bolstered by United States Senator Mary Landrieu, whereupon the story spread on CBS News. Popular reaction quickly pervaded New Orleans blogsites, one of them calling its discussion "FEMA having a Cao". On February 27, 2009, acting FEMA Director Nancy L. Ward replaced Whitmer with Tony Russell, previously an administrator in FEMA's Denver office. Ward stripped Jim Stark of his immediate responsibilities for Louisiana's FEMA district, leaving him as FEMA assistant administrator for Gulf Coast recovery. Cao had also been critical of John Connolly, FEMA chief for Gulf Coast public assistance, whom Stark cited as his source of information on "how much public-assistance money FEMA should approve for local projects" (in a congressional hearing with Cao on February 25, 2009). Connolly was previously with FEMA's Philadelphia office, and Cao asked rhetorically, "How many times has Philadelphia been hit by a hurricane?" On March 5, 2009, Cao joined Napolitano, Jindal, Housing and Urban Development Secretary Shaun Donovan, Louisiana Lieutenant Governor Mitch Landrieu, U.S. Representative Charlie Melancon, and other federal, state, and local officials on a tour of damaged areas in New Orleans, including the campus of Southern University at New Orleans (SUNO), where the group was led by SUNO President Victor Ukpolo. Eleven days later, on March 16, Cao again visited the SUNO campus, pledging full support of Ukpolo's mission to rebuild the campus. The seguing event on Cao's agenda during the same day was a fund-raising cocktail party at the home of bankers Stephen and Dana Hansel at which the admission contribution was $1000 a person and an unexpected guest was former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich who was en route to lead a discussion in James Carville's political science class at Tulane University. The "Times-Picayune", in an editorial on March 19, 2009, praised Ukpolo and Cao in their efforts to secure funding for restoration of SUNO's campus.
Formation of American Engagement Caucus.
In January 2010, Cao partnered with Democratic Congressman Russ Carnahan of Missouri to create the American Engagement Caucus, its stated purpose being the promotion of a multilateral foreign policy in which the United States works closely with other countries to address global problems. As a joint editorial between the two congressmen stated, "We live in an age of interdependence. America's security, economic, environmental, and moral interests are inextricably linked with those of the international community. Simply put, it is in our vital national interest to support international engagement.".
Health care.
After President Obama called him the day of the vote, Cao was the sole Republican to vote for the Democrats' health-care reform bill in November 2009.
"I love the president, and I believe he truly likes me," Cao declared in September 2010, noting he'd visited the White House 10 times. As a freshman Congressman, Cao submitted over $1.2 Billion in earmarks for his district leading the charge in the House.
Cao's proximity to the president was not enough to save his job as the first Vietnamese-American to serve in Congress, and Cao lost in the November midterms to Rep. Cedric Richmond (D). The exit polls indicated the overall distaste for the sole Republican to vote for the health-care reform bill.
Cao was the only Republican to vote for the draft Affordable Health Care for America Act (H.R. 3962) on November 7, 2009. Yet Cao, because of concerns of alleged public funding for elective abortion provisions, joined the rest of his party in opposing the final version, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. [http://www.nola.com/news/index.ssf/2010/03/health-care_overhaul_package_p.html]
Political campaigns.
2006.
Cao ran unsuccessfully as an independent for District 103 of the Louisiana House of Representatives. He was a delegate to the 2008 Republican National Convention during Hurricane Gustav, during which time his home was flooded. At the time of his election to Congress, Cao was a member of the Orleans Parish Board of Election Supervisors, appointed to the Board by Governor Bobby Jindal.
2008.
The situation, endorsements, campaign dynamics, and results gave the election significance far beyond the boundaries of the district.
Incumbent U.S. Representative William J. Jefferson won the Democratic primaries in 2008. Jefferson had weathered a major challenge in the Louisiana 2nd congressional district election, 2006, overcoming allegations that he had inappropriately used members of a Louisiana Army National Guard unit to reach his home during the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina.
In 2008 Jefferson also faced federal charges of bribery involving Nigerian business interests and was perceived as vulnerable, with only 25 percent of Democrats voting for him in the Democratic primary. Jefferson faced six African-American challengers, along with newscaster Helena Moreno. In a runoff primary, Jefferson defeated Moreno by 57 percent to 43 percent in a vote largely along racial lines. Unopposed for the Republican nomination, Cao ran against Jefferson, as did Green Party candidate Malik Rahim and Libertarian Party candidate Gregory Kahn. An earlier candidate, independent Jerry Jacobs, had withdrawn.
Endorsements.
On November 30, the New Orleans "Times-Picayune" endorsed Cao in an editorial, while on its op-ed page columnist James Gill stated that Jefferson's reelection "is not going to happen". The prospect of a serious general election in the heavily African American and Democratic 2nd district was startling, as the last Republican to represent the district was Hamilton D. Coleman, who left office in 1891.
Cao's candidacy received the endorsements of the Alliance for Good Government, the Family Research Council's Action PAC, Jefferson Parish Sheriff Newell Normand, Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal,
Jacquelyn Brechtel Clarkson, Stacy Head, and singer/entertainer Pat Boone. In the final days of the campaign, Democrats Helena Moreno, who was defeated by Jefferson in the Democratic primary runoff election, and former District Attorney Harry Connick, Sr., endorsed Cao and recorded telephone messages to be played to voters. New Orleans Mayor Ray Nagin announced his support for Jefferson during the Democratic primary elections. The New Orleans "Gambit Weekly", citing its opposition to Jefferson's alleged corruption and to Cao's noncommittal statements on embryonic stem-cell research, made no endorsement.
Campaign.
At first, Jefferson, as indicated by the "New York Times" on the day after his winning the Democratic nomination, was "heavily favored" to win against any Republican challenger.
The campaign was characterized by what Jefferson's campaign called "overly negative" tactics on behalf of Cao's campaign by outside organizations, such as the National Republican Congressional Committee. References were made to Democratic Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi's removal of Jefferson from the House Ways and Means Committee and entailed what "USA Today" termed a "barrage" of automated telephone calls, including from a woman who identified herself as "Katy" and who cited Jefferson's federal indictment on 16 counts of corruption. In a meeting of African-American ministers, Reverend Samuel Butler claimed the reason was to "disenfranchise" African-American voters, which motivated Cao advisor and political mentor, former New Orleans City Council member Bryan Wagner to reply: "with Rev. Butler's imagination, he may want to go to work for Walt Disney."
On December 6, the "Times-Picayune" reiterated its endorsement of Cao, pointing to President-elect Barack Obama's efforts on behalf of Democrat Paul Carmouche in the simultaneous election in Louisiana's 4th congressional district and Obama's non-involvement in efforts to support Jefferson.
Results.
Unofficial results on the Louisiana Secretary of State's web site showed Cao with 33,122 (49.55%), Jefferson 31,296 (46.82%), Kahn 548 (0.82%), and Rahim 1,880 (2.81%). Jefferson won by 23,197 to 20,246 in Orleans Parish, where 21 of the 392 precincts showed zero votes for Cao. Cao, however, more than made up the difference with a margin of 12,696 to the incumbent's 8,099 in Jefferson Parish. A post-election map analysis by the "Times-Picayune" showed the election result as having depended on higher turnout in the precincts favorable to Cao.
After speaking by telephone 4 days after the election, on December 31, 2008, Wednesday, Jefferson and Cao met cordially at the home of New Orleans' Liberty Bank CEO Alden McDonald to discuss the transition.
Significance.
Politico.com declared Cao's victory one of America's
"Top 10 Political Upsets" of 2008.
Cao became the first Vietnamese-American elected to Congress. Cao's win made the 2nd District by far the most Democratic district in the nation to be represented by a Republican; the district has a Cook Partisan Voting Index of D+28. Obama carried the district with a staggering 74 percent of the vote, his 35th-best performance in the country and his fifth best in a Southern district.
Cao's victory over a tainted incumbent became a cause for celebration among many in Louisiana. Wrote Jeff Crouere in his column "Ringside Politics", "The victory strikes a major blow against the reputation of Louisiana as a corrupt state".
House GOP members were particularly vocal in their glee over Cao's defeat of the Democratic incumbent. Among many other statements, House minority leader John Boehner asserted Cao's win was "a symbol of our future" in a memorandum with "The Future Is Cao" as its subject line.
2010.
By most accounts, Cao faced nearly impossible odds for reelection, owing to the district's overwhelming Democratic tilt. Indeed, many pundits likened Cao to Michael Patrick Flanagan, who ousted scandal-plagued House Ways and Means Committee chairman Dan Rostenkowski in 1994, only to be roundly defeated for reelection in his heavily Democratic Chicago-based district by future (and ironically impeached and removed) Governor Rod Blagojevich.
In his reelection bid, Cao was soundly defeated by Democratic nominee State Representative Cedric Richmond, an African American. Other candidates included Independents Ron Austin, Anthony K. Marquize and Jack Radosta. Cao had the support of several of New Orleans' prominent Democrats, including Councilwoman Stacy Head, Assessor Erroll Williams, and State Representative Juan LaFonta (who had lost the Democratic Party's nomination to Richmond), but the vote fell on racial lines.
Electoral history.
Louisiana State Representative, 103rd Representative District, 2007
Threshold > 50%
U. S. Representative, 2nd Congressional District, 2008
U. S. Representative, 2nd Congressional District, 2010
Documentary.
On January 3, 2013, the Public Broadcasting Service aired the documentary "Mr. Cao Goes to Washington", directed by S. Leo Chiang. The film tracks Cao's brief tenure in Washington, D.C., as the first Vietnamese American elected to Congress.
Personal life.
Cao is married to Hieu Phuong "Kate" Hoang. The couple has two daughters and resides in New Orleans' Venetian Isles neighborhood. Kate and Joseph met in 1998 at the Mary Queen of Vietnam Catholic Church in New Orleans East and the family has attended there since. After the 2008 election, Kate, an alumna of the Xavier University of Louisiana College of Pharmacy and a registered pharmacist, resigned from her position at a New Orleans Walgreens pharmacy.
A devout Roman Catholic, Cao served as a board member for Mary Queen of Vietnam Catholic Church's Community Development Corporation which assists Vietnamese-Americans with hurricane relief. Cao is a member of the National Advisory Council of the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops.

</doc>
<doc id="20101420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101420" title="Marijan Žužej">
Marijan Žužej

Marijan Žužej (February 8, 1934 – December 18, 2011) was a Croat water polo player who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1956 Summer Olympics and in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Maribor.
Žužej was part of the Yugoslav team which won the silver medal in the 1956 tournament. He played all seven matches.
Four years later he finished fourth with the Yugoslav team in the 1960 Olympic tournament. He played all seven matches and scored six goals.

</doc>
<doc id="20101442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101442" title="Gastón Esmerado">
Gastón Esmerado

Gastón Rubén Esmerado (born 8 February 1978 in Lomas de Zamora) is an Argentine football midfielder who plays for Arsenal de Sarandi.
Career.
Esmerado, nicknamed "Gato" started his playing career in 1996 with Club Atlético Lanús, he only played 3 games in the Argentine Primera before stepping down a division to play for Olimpo de Bahía Blanca in the Primera B Nacional.
In 1999 he joined Arsenal de Sarandí where he was part of the team that won promotion to the Primera for the first time in their history in 2002, he played for the club until 2005. he played 224 times for Arsenal scoring 15 goals, 119 of his appearances for the club came in the Argentine Primera.
In 2006 he joined Estudiantes de La Plata but soon moved on to join Colón de Santa Fe where he played until the end of 2007. in 2008 he had a brief spell with Greek side Skoda Xanthi before returning to Argentina to play for Club Atlético Huracán.

</doc>
<doc id="20101447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101447" title="Stuart Macrae (inventor)">
Stuart Macrae (inventor)

Colonel Robert Stuart Macrae TD was an inventor best known for his work at MD1 during the Second World War, his best known invention being the sticky bomb.
Macrae was the author of "Winston Churchill's Toyshop". A memoir detailing his experiences at MD1.
Early career.
Macrae had been a trainee engineer and late in the First World War worked on a device for dropping grendades as an early form of cluster bomb. The war ended before the device was used or he received any commission for his work.
Macrae was an editor of "Armchair Science" magazine during the period leading up to the Second World War. He was approached by Millis Jefferis who was after strong magnets for a secret explosive project. Already security cleared from his previous work, Macrae was able to join in the project.
Second World War.
Macrae was called up as a second lieutenant on the Special List of the Territorial Army on 1 September 1939. with the effect that he had to give up editing "Armchair Science" and a gardening magazine at the same publisher.
One of Macrae's first weapons inventions was a limpet mine. The mine was developed by Macrae and Cecil Vandepeer Clarke in 1939 using improvised development techniques.
Macrae was the administrator of MD1, but also able to continue to be involved in developing weapons and devices.
By the end of the war he was a war substantive lieutenant colonel.
His promotion to full colonel, as a result of MD1 being upgraded to a Grade A Establishment, was halted by the end of the war.
He remained in the TA after the war, transferring to the Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers (REME) as a substantive major on 9 October 1947 (with seniority from 6 October 1942).
Later career.
In 1947, Macrae applied to the Royal Commission on Awards to Inventors with regards to his part in the development of the Sticky Bomb. His application was actively opposed on the basis that he was provided with the concept "on a plate" – the basic concept had been devised by Millis Jefferis. Macrae did not contradict this, but emphasised his part in the development of the weapon. He was awarded £500 to £ in . for his contribution. He was promoted to substantive lieutenant colonel on 1 July 1950, and awarded the Territorial Efficiency Decoration, with clasp on 15 June 1951.
In 1953, Macrae was questioned about his possession of certain documents originating from his time at MD1. Matters came to light as he again applied to the Royal Commission on Awards to Inventors for his wartime work on a variety of gadgets. Some of the documents were secret or top secret. He explained that he had taken the papers home for safe keeping when "The Firs" closed in 1947 because no one else would take them away and they were left lying on the workshop floor and he was soon exonerated of any wrongdoing. As the hearing progressed, Major-General J. F. C. Holland, Major-General Sir Colin Gubbins gave evidence to the commission explaining the usefulness of the unorthodox weapons. Macrae shared a number of awards from the Royal Commission on Awards to Inventors:
£600 to £ in jointly for the L-delay Switch;
£400 [£] for the limpet mine,
£300 [£] for an air-pressure switch and
£200 [£] for igniters, detonators and signal flashes. He retired from army service on 1 January 1955, and was granted the honorary rank of colonel.
Between 1956 and 1970, Macrae took out a number of patents relating to reflecting road studs.
In 1971, Macrae published the book "Winston Churchill's Toyshop," detailing his work at MD1, one of the most famous and successful of all the British secret "back rooms" of World War II. Macrae's book traces his work at the "toyshop," from the limpet mine, a delayed action mine, to the sticky bomb and the Blacker Bombard, to giant, bridge-carrying assault tanks (the "Great Eastern"). The workshop operated initially out of a tiny basement workshop and later from a country mansion. It produced an astonishing variety of ingenious and secret weapons that destroyed innumerable German tanks, aircraft and ships.
Macrae's first wife Mary died at the family home in Beacon Way, Banstead on 24 May 1973. The Macraes had three children, David, John and Vivien.
In 1977, Macrae was engaged to be married to Anne Vivien Hall. The following year, Macrae and his new wife attended a luncheon party given by Queen Elizabeth II on the Royal Yacht Britannia.

</doc>
<doc id="20101458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101458" title="Caaf Water">
Caaf Water

The Caaf Water in western Scotland (Keaff in 1747 also Caff) drains from the Caaf Reservoir above Dalry which is fed from Knockendon Reservoir. The Caaf Water's origins are springs below Green Hill and it is joined by the Bught Burn, the Reeves Burn, the Bradshaw Burn and the Stock Burn, passing the old Bradshaw (previously Broadshaw) shooting lodge before passing the old farms of Knockendon, Birkheadsteel, and Birkhead.
At Giffordland Bridge the old Giffordlandmill is passed before the Caaf joins with the Caddell Burn and Tower Burn near Drumastle and enters the Lynn Glen with its picturesque spouts or waterfalls and finally enters the River Garnock south of Dalry.
Drumastle Mill.
The mill was active in the late 19th century with two dams, one on the Caaf and the other on the Caddell Burn. The 1840–1888 OS map shows that a lade joined the two water courses with the mill. A ford and wooden footbridge were situated nearby and a dwelling marked as Muirfoot was located on the far bank of the Caaf. A lane linked the mill with Muirfoot and Linncraigs (now demolished) before running up to Linn House. William Roy's map of 1747 records Drumastle as 'Drumaskus.' An old Tower stood above the mill near the Tower Farm steading. Some OS maps corrupt 'Drumastle' to 'Drumcastle.'
Lynn Glen.
Lynn Glen lies in the old Barony of Lynn, which was created from lands granted about 1204 by Hugh de Morville. It was first held by Walter de Lynne, who signed the Ragman Roll as Wautier de Lynne on 28 November 1296. On the same day, Walter de Lyn sat on a jury before the sheriff of Ayr, holding inquisition as to Lady Elena la Zuche's interests in the Ayrshire town of Irvine. Walter and the other jurors, as well as the sheriff, are mentioned at the close of the resulting document as having appended their seals thereto. English law, which would have prevailed in legal proceedings when the Ragman Rolls were signed, provided that "jurors were generally drawn from the ranks of free men who held property". Walter's position in the community is confirmed by his having a seal, although the Calendar notes - to the lament of Lynns everywhere: "Seals lost".
All that being said, Walter's family bore the name Lynne long before coming to Ayrshire; and they held all or some portion of the Ayrshire property for nearly half a millennium, from about 1204 until the mid 17th century. In 1532, John Lynn "for a sum of money to him paid, sold" to Thomas Boyd "forty-shilling land of the old extent of Lyn"., nevertheless retaining the mains or manor place, called at various times Burnside and Lynn Knoll, Over Lynn, and High Lynn. Eventually, however, even this was forsaken; and the ruins of the old manorial place in the 19th century was nothing more than a mound with some old cottage ruins near it.
The last Lynn of that Ilk died in Irvine, Ayrshire in 1670, and the last remnants of the family simply vanished, some say to Sweden. It has been claimed, though not proven, that Jenny Lind the "Swedish Nightingale" is descended from that family. The family itself has been described as "a beloved aristocracy that came, lingered a while, and vanished." Their property was parcelled out into lots among a number of heritors which in 1820 amounted to 16. The lairds of Lyne (sic) had a townhouse in Irvine as did many of the other lairds in Cunninghame.
In 1632, Thomas Boyd of Pitcon was also styled "of Lin", owing to his father having purchased part of the old barony from the Lynns. By 1874, however, Lynn belonged to John Crichton. Paterson records that the property amounted to and the four merk Land of Lynn belonged to Lord Boyd in 1576, from whom the Pollocks acquired it in about 1770. In 1866 it had passed from them to the Crichtons as stated. The 19th century mansion of Linn no longer exists and all that remains are some woodland policies and an ornate gatepost.
The Dalry "witch", Bessie Dunlop, who was tragically burned at the stake in Edinburgh, was the spouse of one "Jack o’ Linn." As told in "Reports of Cases Decided in the Supreme Court of Scotland on Appeal from Scotland ...," Vol. XIII, by W. H. Dunbar, Esq., Advocate, Henry Beveridge, Esq., Advocate, and John Wadlaw, Esq., Advocate, Edinburgh (1841), the trial occurred in 1576, Jack's full name was Andrew Jack, and he and Bessie lived in Lynn. They were not members of the family of Lynn. By this time, in fact, the Lynn property was referred to as "the town and territory of Lyne in the bailliary of Cunningham and sheriffdom of Ayr," as found in a 1522 charter at the National Archives of Scotland and abstracted at the NAS website No. GD3/1/8/11/1.
During the "persecution times" of Charles II when the Covenanters were being hounded throughout south-west Scotland for their refusal to accept Episcopacy in the Kirk, Alexander Peden preached to the people from the natural pulpit of Pinnoch Point, now more often referred to as Peden’s Point.
Bourtreehill House.
The Lands of Bourtreehill were at one time held by the Linn family.
Legends of the glen.
The Wraith of Lord Lyne.
The story is told of Lady Lyne, mother of the young Lord Lyne, many years ago witnessing the wraith of the her son, a warning of his impending death. The Lyne family had a tradition of such premonitions and on this occasions she was in the glen when all of a sudden she espied a company of huntsmen on horseback; her son in the lead with the dogs, who were in full cry after a stag. As she watched this vivid scene they vanished like a dream. She hurried back to urgently find and warn her son.
Lord Lyne listened and accepted his fate, for what could he do if it was indeed God's will. The next day he was up and about, bright and early, but never to return. His anxious mother had sent out all the servants to search the glen for him, eventually finding her son in a pool at the foot of Lynn Spout, seemingly having fallen and then drowned. Lady Lyne believed to her dying day that her son had encountered death himself that morning in Lynn Glen and that her vision was that of her son hard on the heals of a ghostly stag and the wild dogs of hell.
The natural history.
The Laird of Lynn's lesson from the grave to his son.
The ancient ballad from which the following story was derived has often been associated with the Linns or Lynns in Ayrshire but more likely was a tale of the Lynes in Peebles-shire. The ballad was collected and published by Thomas Percy in London in 1765 in his "Reliques of Ancient English Poetry: Consisting of Old Heroic Ballads, Songs, and Other Pieces of Our Earlier Poets" (Vol. II, pp. 309–18). There, Percy described the ballad as being "originally composed beyond the Tweed," understood to mean in the Scottish Borders. The association with Ayrshire likely came about because Timothy Pont, about 1600, assumed that the ballad must have been a tale of the Ayrshire family since he wrongly believed that "no other race of the same name and designation ever known to have existed in the country ..." Pont admits, however, that local [Ayrshire tradition was silent on the subject. Pont's account was written about 1600 and was published by The Maitland Club in 1820 as the "Topographical Account of the District of Cunningham, Ayrshire. Compiled About the Year 1600 by Mr. Timothy Pont. With Notes and an Appendix." What Pont apparently did not know was that a David de Lyne lived in Peeble-shire in 1270 and was described in a volume of "Scots Peerage" (Vol. IX, p. 199) as being the "quondam Domini Lord of Locherworth." Nearly a century earlier, David de Lyne, son of Robert de Lyne, and David's uncle Walter de Lyne held rights to the Chapel of Lyne in Peebles-shire, as reported in "The Book of Stobo Church. Being the First Volume of a Series of 'Books of the Church'," p. 6, Dr. Gunn, Peebles (1907). The gist of the ballad is as follows ...
The Laird of Lynn despaired of his naive and foolish son, generous to a fault and giving trust were none was deserved. On his death bed he called for his son and one last time warned him of the perils that a rich man faced in this world. With his last breath he told his son that if he lost everything he should go to a ruinous old cottage which would be his last hope for shelter. As the months went by the young laird entertained his many new friends and indeed his gamekeepers son, known as Jock O' the Scales, was especially helpful and supportive. Shortly the young Lord found that all his money was spent and eagerly accepted an offer from Jock who purchased the barony and promptly threw the laird out his home and exiled him from his lands. Full of self-importance, upon his successful betrayal, Jock offered to sell the whole property back for a fraction of its value, knowing that such a young fool would never be capable of gaining even such a relatively small sum.
The Laird of Lynn remembered his father's death bed advice and the small key he had been given, so in his despair sought out his last resort, the dilapidated cottage in the woods at Coal-heuch-glen. After much searching he found and entered the building, only to be greeted by the sight of a hangman's noose dangling from the ceiling. Convinced of his father's apparent message from the dead he put the rope around his neck, only to find himself falling to the floor and being rained upon by plaster. He saw a letter in his father's hand and this directed him to a corner of the cottage where behind two loose stones he found a chest full of silver and gold. A new wisdom, from an almost fatal lesson, guided the Laird of Linn for the rest of his days, living quietly, with many real friends to enjoy; dwelling in his ancestral home and upon his lands, bought back from that despairing traitor, Jock O' the Scales.

</doc>
<doc id="20101464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101464" title="Alfredo Tjiurimo Hengari">
Alfredo Tjiurimo Hengari

Alfredo Tjiurimo Hengari (born 8 December 1974 in Windhoek) is a Namibian political scientist and public intellectual.
Hengari spent much of his early years in Windhoek under the apartheid system when Namibia was still administered as a colony of South Africa. As a high school student, he participated actively in the student protests of the 1980s against apartheid. After completing high school at A. Shipena High School in Katutura, he enrolled for B.A in Political Science and Sociology, with minors in History and German at the University of Namibia. After his studies at UNAM, he taught at his former high school for three years. After teaching, he went to South Africa where he completed his M.A degree in International Studies at the University of Stellenbosch. His Masters thesis at Stellenbosch focused on the regional economic partnership agreements between the European Union and the Southern African Development Community (SADC). While at Stellenbosch, he also served as a tutor in the Department of Political Science.
After completion of his M.A, he was asked by the former Prime Minister of Namibia, Hage Geingob to serve as chief of staff in the Office of the Prime minister. Upon the resignation of the Prime Minister, he served as coordinator for the Civil Service College project for a few months before he left for France in March 2003. After following intensive French language courses at the Université de Franche-Comté, he first completed a diploma in French history and civilisation at the Université Paris-Sorbonne IV, before he proceeded to do an M-Phil in International Relations at the Université Paris 1 Panthéon-Sorbonne.
He is currently completing his Ph.D in Political Science (specializing in International Relations) at the Université Paris 1 Panthéon-Sorbonne. His Ph.D is focussing on the transformation of French and British strategies in conflict management in Sub-saharan Africa. As part of his Ph.D research, he was a research intern in 2007 at the Department of Peacekeeping Operations at the United Nations in New York.
Hengari is also weekly political columnist for Namibia's largest independent English daily, "The Namibian". He provides regular commentary for other newspapers in Namibia such "New Era" on political events and developments.

</doc>
<doc id="20101475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101475" title="Still River, Massachusetts">
Still River, Massachusetts

Still River is a village located on the west side of the town of Harvard, Worcester County, Massachusetts, United States.
Noted for its spectacular views of Mount Wachusett, Still River is home to Saint Benedict Abbey, St. Benedict Center, Harvard Historical Society, Willard Farm Stand, and rolling hills, meadows, and wetlands.
The zip code is 01451

</doc>
<doc id="20101483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101483" title="Radiant Future Records">
Radiant Future Records

Radiant Future Records is a British independent record label distributed by Voiceprint, and home to one-time Sparks bassist Martin Gordon, Jet, Radio Stars, John's Children, the Blue Meanies and related artists. The label began operations in 2002 with the release of a live recording from Gordon's alumni Jet, Johns Children and Radio Stars, and releases one or two albums per year with a focus upon 'clever twisted pop which rocks', to quote "Rolling Stone" magazine in 2003.
Recent releases include a live Radio Stars album from the 1970s and Gordon's six solo releases in the Mammal Trilogy series. The final installment 'Include Me Out" was released in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20101490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101490" title="1990–91 New York Knicks season">
1990–91 New York Knicks season

The 1990–91 New York Knicks season was the 45th season for the team in the National Basketball Association (NBA). In the regular season, the Knicks finished in third place in the Atlantic Division, and earned the eighth seed in the Eastern Conference for the NBA Playoffs. The Chicago Bulls recorded a 3–0 series victory over the Knicks in the first round of the playoffs.
Roster.
! colspan="2" style="background-color: #1560BE; color: #FF7518; text-align: center;" | New York Knicks 1990–91 roster
! Players !! Coaches
! Pos. !! # !! Nat. !! Name !! Ht. !! Wt. !! From
Playoffs.
East First Round.
(1) Chicago Bulls vs. (8) New York Knicks: "Bulls win series 3–0"
Last Playoff Meeting: 1989 Eastern Conference Semifinals (Chicago won 4–2)

</doc>
<doc id="20101491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101491" title="Papyrus 71">
Papyrus 71

Papyrus 71 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by formula_171, is an early copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Gospel of Matthew. The surviving texts of Matthew are verses 19:10-11.17-18. 
The manuscript paleographically had been assigned to the 4th century. 
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Aland placed it in Category II. 
It is currently housed at the Ashmolean Museum (P. Oxy. 2385) in Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="20101495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101495" title="Ottó Boros">
Ottó Boros

Ottó Boros (August 5, 1929 – December 18, 1988) was a Hungarian water polo player who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics, in the 1960 Summer Olympics, and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Békéscsaba and died in Szolnok.
Boros was part of the Hungarian team which won the gold medal in the 1956 tournament. He played four matches as goalkeeper.
Four years later he was a member of the Hungarian team which won the bronze medal in the 1960 Olympic tournament. He played five matches as goalkeeper.
At the 1964 Games he won his second gold medal with the Hungarian team. He played three matches as goalkeeper.

</doc>
<doc id="20101524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101524" title="The Quill (Bowdoin)">
The Quill (Bowdoin)

The Quill is Bowdoin College's oldest and only literary magazine. It is the second oldest continuously functioning club on the Bowdoin campus, second only to the Bowdoin Orient.
History.
"The Quill" was the successor to "The Escritoir", which was published only during the 1826-27 school year. According to the founders of "The Quill", "while there was no lack of verses in "The Escritoir", there "was" a lack of poetry." So, a group of students headed by Percival Proctor Baxter set out to revive Bowdoin's literary life and, in January 1897 the first issue of "The Quill" was published. It was originally published on the fifteenth of each month. In 1929, it was published four times a year; in 1932, three times a year; and in 1956, two times each year. Since 1993 the Quill has been published once a year. Notably, several of Pulitzer Prize-winning poet Robert P.T. Coffin's poems were published in the magazine while he was a student in the early 1900s.
Current Activity.
In recent years, though the final literary magazine is only published once a year, "The Quill" has remained active throughout the school year by putting out poetry pamphlets - folded brochures featuring about four poems each - roughly every month. Other activities hosted by the group include occasional coffeehouse events, the semi-annual creation of an "Insta-Pamphlet" by encouraging passersby in the Bowdoin Student Union to write a poem on the spot, and the "Day Long Poem," composed of single lines written by students in passing throughout a day. "The Quill" has also been known to print April Fool's editions of pamphlets, featuring joking statements such as ""The Quill" owns Baxter State Park," due to the club's connection with Percival Proctor Baxter (the club's first chairman), and containing poems that function as inside jokes written by club members. "The Quill" has recently seen a resurgence in activity on campus, and over the last four years the membership has doubled in size and the final magazine has been expanded by 20 pages.
References.
The Bowdoin Quill, Vol. 1 (1987). Brunswick, ME: Bowdoin College Press.

</doc>
<doc id="20101544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101544" title="István Hevesi">
István Hevesi

István Hevesi (born April 2, 1931) is a Hungarian water polo player who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics and in the 1960 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Eger.
Hevesi was part of the Hungarian team which won the gold medal in the 1956 tournament. He played three matches.
Four years later he was a member of the Hungarian team which won the bronze medal in the 1960 Olympic tournament. He played five matches and scored one goal.

</doc>
<doc id="20101552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101552" title="North Tees Power Station">
North Tees Power Station

North Tees Power Station refers to a series of three coal-fired power stations on the River Tees at Billingham in County Durham. Overall, they operated from 1921 until 1983, and the C station, the last on the site, was demolished in 1987. Billingham Biomass Power Station is to be built on their site.
North Tees A.
History.
In 1917, the Newcastle upon Tyne Electric Supply Company (NESCo) took control of the principal electrical undertakings for a large area in south County Durham and North Yorkshire. To supply the newly acquired area, NESCo built the North Tees Power Station on the banks of the River Tees at Billingham. The construction of the station began in 1917 and was completed for opening in 1921.
Design and specification.
The station was designed by the engineering consultants Merz & McLellan. The station used two Metropolitan-Vickers 20,000 kilowatt (kW) turbo-alternators to generate electricity, giving it a total generating capacity of 40,000 kW. The Babcock & Wilcox boilers which were used to provided the steam to the turbines in the station, were famous in engineering circles at the time. In 1918 the boilers became the first in the world to use steam at up to 450 psi, and pioneered the practice of reheating it during expansion in the turbine plant. This development resulted in a further increase in the efficiency of power generation, and an appreciable decrease in the quantity of coal consumed per unit of electricity generated. In 1922, W.S. Monroe of the Chicago based consulting firm Sargent & Lundy described North Tees Power Station as "the most advanced power station in the world".
The station was connected by NESCo's high voltage transmission lines to their power stations on the River Tyne, for successful running "in parallel". When the UK's national grid distribution system was brought into use in 1932, the station was one of a small number of stations in the region to be converted from the 40 hertz (Hz) frequency used by the North Eastern grid system to the 50 Hz frequency used by the national system. However, the nearby ICI plant, which operated its own power station, required the North Tees A station's power as back-up, but the power needed to be supplied at 40 Hz, and so the A station retained three frequency changers to supply back-up power for many years after the change over, until the 1950s, when new electrical equipment needed to be ordered at the ICI plant.
Closure.
The A station closed in 1959, after a number of years being used as a reserve station for high demand. Following closure, Metropolitan-Vickers took the rotors from the stations and tested them to destruction, to find out why the older machines were more efficient than the new ones.
North Tees B.
The B station was commissioned in 1934, and used pulverised fuel firing, an advanced technology at the time the station was built. The station generated electricity using two Parsons and one Metropolitan-Vickers turbines, each driving two alternators in tandem. It was demolished in the late 1960s.
North Tees C.
History.
North Tees C Station was proposed in 1945, by the original two stations' operators, NESCo. However, the scheme was taken over by the British Electricity Authority when NESCo was nationalised in 1948. The station was built by the Cleveland Bridge Company and completed in 1949.
Design and specification.
It used two 60,000 kilowatt (kW) turbo-alternators, giving it a total generating capacity of 120 MW. The station had originally been planned to use four such machines, two planned for commissioning in 1950, and the others in 1952, however only two were eventually installed. The station's exterior was designed by Giles Gilbert Scott, who also designed Battersea Power Station. The station was one of the first in the world to have used hydrogen cooled generators. It was also the first in England to use 66,000 V air blast switchgear.
Closure.
In the 1980s the station was operated by Imperial Chemical Industries, who used it to provide electricity for its factories in Billingham. The station was decommissioned on 31 October 1983, with a generating capacity of 236 MW. In 1987, the site was acquired by Able UK and the station demolished so they could redevelop the site as Billingham Reach Industrial Estate.
Future of site.
The station's site is currently part of Billingham Reach Industrial Estate, an international wharf owned by Able UK Ltd. On 15 October 2009, planning permission was granted for the Billingham Biomass Power Station, which is to be built on the site of the former coal fired power stations.

</doc>
<doc id="20101556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101556" title="FPSB">
FPSB

FPSB can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20101566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101566" title="Dyckesville, Wisconsin">
Dyckesville, Wisconsin

Dyckesville is an unincorporated census-designated place in Brown and Kewaunee counties in the U.S. state of Wisconsin located in the towns of Red River and Green Bay. As of the 2010 census, its population is 538. Dyckesville is bypassed by Wisconsin Highway 57, which ran through the community until 2006.
Dyckesville is part of the Green Bay Metropolitan Statistical Area.

</doc>
<doc id="20101584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101584" title="Vjekoslav Ćurić">
Vjekoslav Ćurić

Vjekoslav "Vjeko" Ćurić (April 26, 1957 in Lupoglav, Bosnia and Herzegovina - January 31, 1998 in Kigali, Rwanda) was a Bosnian Croat Catholic priest and humanitarian. He is one of the recognized martyrs of Franciscan Province of Bosna Srebrena. In Rwanda he is known as "African Oscar Schindler" after the man who saved many Jews during a time of massacres. A school in Kivumu is named after him.
Early years.
Vjeko Ćurić was born as a second of six children in a family of Petar Ćurić and Ana. He did his studies at the Franciscan Minor Seminary in Visoko, did his Novitiate in Visoko and theology in Sarajevo, after which he was ordained. Vjeko entered the Franciscan order on July 15, 1976, and was ordained to the priesthood on June 21, 1982 in Sarajevo. That same year, he went to Paris to prepare for his missionary calling. On August 18, 1983, he began his missionary activity in Rwanda.
Life and work.
Fra Vjeko, a young and capable priest, gained worldwide recognition during the time of the 1994 Rwandan genocide, when he worked to help the victims of both tribes involved, the Hutu and the Tutsi. He also brought numerous white people (bishops, priests, monks, nuns and others) to safety. When the killing began in Kivumu, people turned to Fra Vjeko for help. He had lived in Nyamabuye 1, Gitarama for more than ten years, and had long worked to promote development in the area. He was well known and loved by his congregation at the Parish of Kivumu; his decision to remain in Rwanda during the genocide brought him to the heart of the local community. When most other expatriates were evacuated, Fr. Vjeko stood by the people of Kivumu during the worst experiences of their lives. He devoted himself to providing practical and medical assistance to the displaced and to helping people escape. Vjeko was outspoken in his condemnation of the violence and continued to preach the values of peace and unity throughout the genocide. More often than not, he was threatened by the Interahamwe for having stood in their way. In the aftermath, Fr. Vjeko demonstrated his impartiality, helping both Hutus and Tutsis to rebuild their communities. The homes and buildings Fr. Vjeko helped to fund are still standing in Kivumu. He was killed under unclear circumstances on January 31, 1998. 
The Franciscan order and Fra Vjeko's Province of Bosna Srebrena received special recognition from the Pope for the work of Fra Vjeko. In order to rescue and help others, Fra Vjeko endured a martyr's death, according to the statement by his provincialate. He was buried in Kivumu in a church which he and his congregation had built. Fra Vjeko's provincialate has requested Church officials to have his remains transported to his homeland.

</doc>
<doc id="20101602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101602" title="Crepidula onyx">
Crepidula onyx

Crepidula onyx, common name the onyx slippersnail or onyx slipper snail, is a species of sea snail with gills, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Calyptraeidae, the slipper snails and cup and saucer snails.
Shell description.
The shell of "Crepidula onyx" is up to 70 mm in length. The interior of the shell is glossy and is a strong tan to dark brown color, similar to the common colors of the mineral onyx. The "shelf" or "deck" is white. 
The shell of this species can be distinguished from the shell of "Crepidula adunca" by:
Distribution.
The native range for this species is the Eastern Pacific Ocean coast of the Americas, from Southern California to Chile. 
Nonindigenous distribution.
The species has been introduced and is considered to be established in Puget Sound, Washington, since 2005.
Ecology.
Habitat.
This species is common on rocks, shells, and pilings in protected bays, but it also lives in sheltered places on the open coast, occurring from the low intertidal zone to subtidal waters.
References.
This article incorporates public domain text (a public domain work of the United States Government) from:

</doc>
<doc id="20101647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101647" title="Tivadar Kanizsa">
Tivadar Kanizsa

Tivadar Kanizsa (April 4, 1933 – November 4, 1975) was a Hungarian water polo player who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics, in the 1960 Summer Olympics, and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Debrecen and died in Jásztelek.
Kanizsa was part of the Hungarian team which won the gold medal in the 1956 tournament. He played two matches.
Four years later he was a member of the Hungarian team which won the bronze medal in the 1960 Olympic tournament. He played six matches and scored six goals.
At the 1964 Games he won his second gold medal with the Hungarian team. He played five matches and scored one goal.

</doc>
<doc id="20101660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101660" title="Buddhist ethics (discipline)">
Buddhist ethics (discipline)

Buddhist ethics as an academic discipline is relatively new, blossoming in the mid-1990s. Much like Critical Buddhism and Buddhist modernism, it is a result of recent exchanges of Eastern and Western thought. While generally thought of as a sub-field of Buddhist studies, the discipline of Buddhist ethics draws together history, philosophy, religious studies, anthropology, and more in an attempt to understand what may be the fundamental question of Buddhism: how ought man live?
Specific work has been produced on Buddhist ethics dating back to the 1920s. Early descriptive accounts of Buddhist ethics include Tachibana’s "Ethics of Buddhism" (1926), focused on Theravādin ethics, and Poussin’s "La Morale Bouddhique" (1927), based on Mahāyāna texts. Other early authors that expressed interest in Buddhist ethics include Caroline Augusta Foley Rhys Davids and Isaline Blew Horner. In 1979 the "Journal of Religious Studies" featured a section devoted to the study of Theravādin ethics. featuring four prominent scholars in Buddhist studies.
History.
Buddhist ethics emerged as an academic discipline in 1992, with the publication of Damien Keown's book "The Nature of Buddhist Ethics". His subsequent co-founding of the "Journal of Buddhist Ethics" in 1994 further solidified the birth of a new field in the discipline of Buddhist studies. Prior to Keown's book, only a handful of books and articles existed that attempted to delve into the questions of a specifically Buddhist ethic. Even more daunting, however, has been the separation of 'ethics' from the rest of Buddhism. Buddhism has been called an eminently ethical religion. It has also been argued, by Keown and others, that the very question the Buddha sought to answer was a purely ethical one, namely, "the perennial problem of the best kind of life for man to lead."
In October 2011 Columbia University hosted the first conference dedicated solely to Buddhist ethics entitled Contemporary Perspectives on Buddhist Ethics.
Trends.
Arguably the most fruitful attempt to define Buddhist ethics has been in terms of Western theories from Aristotle (virtue), Kant (Deontological), and Bentham and James Mill (utilitarian). However, others—mainly non-Western scholars—have sought to present Buddhist ethics in a more direct or traditional form.
Aristotle / virtue.
In "Buddhist Ethics as Virtue Ethics", Nick Gier compares Buddha's ethical teachings to Aristotle's, "Like Greek virtue ethics, Buddhist ethics is also humanistic and thoroughly personalist."
Damien Keown devotes a great deal of his work to debunking claims that Buddhism is utilitarian in nature. His work then goes on to examine the structure of Buddhist ethics, focusing specifically on morality (Pali: "siila"). His conclusion is that Buddhist ethics most closely resembles the ancient Greek virtue ethics found in Aristotle.
James Whitehill, in "Buddhist Ethics in Western Context: The Virtues Approach", says, "Buddhism's legitimation in the West can be partially met by demonstrating that Buddhist morality is a virtue-oriented, character-based, community-focused ethics, commensurate with the Western 'ethics of virtue' tradition."
Kant / Deontological.
A handful of pioneering works have sought to examine similarities between Kantian and Buddhist ethics. One such is Bradford Cokelet's "Reflections on Kant and Karma".
"I would argue that, given the recent popularity of claiming that Buddhist ethics is a type of virtue ethics, Buddhist ethicists should respond to criticisms that Kant and Kantians have made of western versions of virtue ethics and to claims that most virtue-ethical criticisms of Kantianism rest on misunderstandings of Kant and Kantianism. See for example, J.B. Schneewind, “The Misfortunes of Virtue,” in Ethics, Volume 101, 1990, p. 42-63, Barbara Herman, “Making Room for Character,” and Allen W. Wood, “Self-love, Self-benevolence, and Self-conceit,” both in Kant, Aristotle, and the Stoics, ed. Jennifer Whiting and Stephen Engstrom, Cambridge : Cambridge University Press, 1996, and Onora O’Neill, Towards Justice and Virtue, Cambridge : Cambridge University Press, 1996." fn. 20, p.13."
Bentham/Mill - utilitarian.
Mark Siderits suggests that the doctrine of anatta provides the grounding for an "aretaic consequentialism" in which the goal is the alleviation of suffering for all beings (realizing that there is no "self" to be freed apart from others). He follows a long line of thinkers in Buddhist ethics.
Traditional Buddhist ethics.
Two key teachers of traditional Buddhist ethics are Hammalawa Saddhatissa and Padmasiri De Silva. Saddhatissa was a Sri Lankan Buddhist monk who wrote "Buddhist Ethics" in 1970 (reprinted in 1987, 1997 & 2003). De Silva has a similar work, "Buddhism, Ethics and Society: The Conflicts and Dilemmas of Our Times" (2002). A third, and less notable work is "The Way to Social Harmony" (1989, available online) by Venerable U Pyinnyathiha.
These works can be invaluable as an introduction into key Buddhist canonical texts such as the Sigalovada Sutta.

</doc>
<doc id="20101661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101661" title="Coburg Senior High School">
Coburg Senior High School

Coburg Senior High School (CSHS) is a school in Coburg, an inner northern suburb of Melbourne, Australia. Opened in 2007, the school caters to years 10, 11 and 12, with year 10 students taking some VCE subjects.
The school's teaching philosophy emphasises independent learning and differentiated instruction
History.
Coburg Senior High School opened its doors for the first time in January 2007, taking in 48 year 10 students.
In 2015 Coburg Junior High School will open.
Principals.
'"2007–Present"": Don Collins

</doc>
<doc id="20101711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101711" title="Mihály Mayer">
Mihály Mayer

Mihály Mayer (December 27, 1933 – September 4, 2000) was a Hungarian water polo player who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics, in the 1960 Summer Olympics, in the 1964 Summer Olympics, and in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
He was Jewish, was born in Újpest, and died in Budapest.
Mayer was part of the Hungarian team which won the gold medal in the 1956 tournament. He played four matches and scored one goal.
Four years later he was a member of the Hungarian team which won the bronze medal in the 1960 Olympic tournament. He played three matches and scored one goal.
At the 1964 Games he won his second gold medal with the Hungarian team. He played five matches.
In 1968 he won again a bronze medal when the Hungarian team finished third in the Olympic tournament. He played all eight matches.

</doc>
<doc id="20101727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101727" title="Lake Renwick Preserve">
Lake Renwick Preserve

The Lake Renwick Preserve is an county forest preserve located in Will County, Illinois. It is the second largest county-owned nature preserve in Will County. The closest major town is Plainfield, Illinois. It is best known as a nesting location for herons and other wading birds.
Features.
Lake Renwick is an artificial lake created through the adaptive reuse of a network of former quarries from which aggregates were mined for concrete used by the greater Chicago area. After the quarries were closed in 1983, the areas of below-water-table elevation filled with water, and the resulting lakes were sold to the county forest preserve district and the Illinois Department of Natural Resources in 1990 for use as open space. 
Lake Renwick, because of its location, depth, and the fertility of its fishery, is especially adapted to serve as a breeding location for wading birds. Unlike many Illinois lakes, this body of water has a gravel bottom, not mud. According to the Illinois Audubon Society, the heron rookery located within the lake is "by far the most valuable rookery in all of Illinois . . . a site of outstanding statewide significance."
Bird lovers have constructed a series of artificial nesting structures on a network of small islets within one of the lakes. The lake complex draws great blue herons, great egrets, black-crowned night herons, double-crested cormorants, and cattle egrets. 
The park today.
Lake Renwick Preserve is located southeast of Plainfield, Illinois, on U.S. Highway 30. Unsupervised visitation by the public to most of the preserve is banned from March until mid-August to prevent disturbance to nesting birds. The public is welcomed to a dedicated birdwatching area, the Copley Nature Park, year around, and is welcomed to the entire preserve from mid-August until the end of February.
During the non-nesting months, the public often uses a 2.9-mile (4.6 km) system of trailways throughout the preserve area, the "Lake Renwick Bikeway". The Bikeway reuses a system of railroad spur-line-rights of ways, lake isthmuses, and truck paths once used to remove and haul out the aggregates quarried from the lake basins. The Bikeway provides access to various spots used for bank fishing.
During the nesting months, those interested in supervised birdwatching are urged to make prior arrangements with the Forest Preserve District and its guides. Nesting activities are described as reaching their peak in June, as the wading birds teach their young how to catch fish. 
A parcel of the Lake Renwick Preserve, comprising most of Lake Renwick itself, was listed in 1992 as an official nature preserve of the state of Illinois. 
External links.
http://www.reconnectwithnature.org/visitor-centers/lrhrvc

</doc>
<doc id="20101779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101779" title="Time stretch analog-to-digital converter">
Time stretch analog-to-digital converter

The time-stretch analog-to-digital converter (TS-ADC), since it uses an optical frontend. It relies on the process of time-stretch, which effectively slows down the analog signal in time (or compresses its bandwidth) before it can be digitized by a slow electronic ADC.
Background.
There is a huge demand for very high speed analog-to-digital converters (ADCs), as they are needed for test and measurement equipment in laboratories and in high speed data communications systems. Most of the ADCs are based purely on electronic circuits, which have limited speeds and add a lot of impairments, limiting the bandwidth of the signals that can be digitized and the achievable signal-to-noise ratio. In the TS-ADC, this limitation is overcome by time-stretching the analog signal, which effectively slows down the signal in time prior to digitization. By doing so, the bandwidth (and carrier frequency) of the signal is compressed. Electronic ADCs that would have been too slow to digitize the original signal, can now be used to capture this slowed down signal.
Operation principle.
The basic operating principle of the TS-ADC is shown in Fig. 1. The time-stretch processor, which is generally an optical frontend, stretches the signal in time. It also divides the signal into multiple segments using a filter, for example a wavelength division multiplexing (WDM) filter, to ensure that the stretched replica of the original analog signal segments do not overlap each other in time after stretching. The time-stretched and slowed down signal segments are then converted into digital samples by slow electronic ADCs. Finally, these samples are collected by a digital signal processor (DSP) and rearranged in a manner such that output data is the digital representation of the original analog signal. Any distortion added to the signal by the time-stretch preprocessor is also removed by the DSP.
An optical front-end is commonly used to accomplish this process of time-stretch, as shown in Fig. 2. An ultrashort optical pulse (typically 100 to 200 femtoseconds long), also called a supercontinuum pulse, which has a broad optical bandwidth, is time-stretched by dispersing it in a highly dispersive medium (such as a dispersion compensating fiber). This process results in (an almost) linear time-to-wavelength mapping in the stretched pulse, because different wavelengths travel at different speeds in the dispersive medium. The obtained pulse is called a chirped pulse as its frequency is changing with time, and it is typically a few nanoseconds long. The analog signal is modulated onto this chirped pulse using an electro-optic intensity modulator. Subsequently, the modulated pulse is stretched further in the second dispersive medium which has much higher dispersion value. Finally, this obtained optical pulse is converted to electrical domain by a photodetector, giving the stretched replica of the original analog signal.
For continuous operation, a train of supercontinuum pulses is used. The chirped pulses arriving at the electro-optic modulator should be wide enough (in time) such that the trailing edge of one pulse overlaps the leading edge of the next pulse. For segmentation, optical filters separate the signal into multiple wavelength channels at the output of the second dispersive medium. For each channel, a separate photodetector and backend electronic ADC is used. Finally the output of these ADCs are passed on to the DSP which generates the desired digital output.
Impulse response of the photonic time-stretch (PTS) system.
The PTS processor is based on specialized analog optical (or microwave photonic) fiber links such as those used in cable TV distribution. While the dispersion of fiber is a nuisance in conventional analog optical links, time-stretch technique exploits it to slow down the electrical waveform in the optical domain. In the cable TV link, the light source is a continuous-wave (CW) laser. In PTS, the source is a chirped pulse laser.
In a conventional analog optical link, dispersion causes the upper and lower modulation sidebands, "foptical ± felectrical", to slip in relative phase. At certain frequencies, their beats with the optical carrier interfere destructively, creating nulls in the frequency response of the system. For practical systems the first null is at tens of GHz, which is sufficient for handling most electrical signals of interest. Although it may seem that the dispersion penalty places a fundamental limit on the impulse response (or the bandwidth) of the time-stretch system, it can be eliminated. The dispersion penalty vanishes with single-sideband modulation. Alternatively, one can use the modulator’s secondary (inverse) output port to eliminate the dispersion penalty, in much the same way as two antennas can eliminate spatial nulls in wireless communication (hence the two antennas on top of a WiFi access point). This configuration is termed phase-diversity. For illustration, two calculated complementary transfer functions from a typical phase-diverse time-stretch configuration are plotted in Fig. 4. Combining the complementary outputs using a maximal ratio combining (MRC) algorithm results in a transfer function with a flat response in the frequency domain. Thus, the impulse response (bandwidth) of a time-stretch system is limited only by the bandwidth of the electro-optic modulator, which is about 120 GHz—a value that is adequate for capturing most electrical waveforms of interest.
Extremely large stretch factors can be obtained using long lengths of fiber, but at the cost of larger loss—a problem that has been overcome by employing Raman amplification within the dispersive fiber itself, leading to the world’s fastest real-time digitizer,
Comparison with time lens imaging.
Another technique, temporal imaging using a time lens, can also be used to slow down (mostly optical) signals in time. The time-lens concept relies on the mathematical equivalence between spatial diffraction and temporal dispersion, the so-called space-time duality. A lens held at fixed distance from an object produces a magnified visible image. The lens imparts a quadratic phase shift to the spatial frequency components of the optical waves; in conjunction with the free space propagation (object to lens, lens to eye), this generates a magnified image. Owing to the mathematical equivalence between paraxial diffraction and temporal dispersion, an optical waveform can be temporally imaged by a three-step process of dispersing it in time, subjecting it to a phase shift that is quadratic in time (the time lens itself), and dispersing it again. Theoretically, a focused aberration-free image is obtained under a "specific condition" when the two dispersive elements and the phase shift satisfy the temporal equivalent of the classic lens equation. Alternatively, the time lens can be used without the second dispersive element to transfer the waveform’s temporal profile to the spectral domain, analogous to the property that an ordinary lens produces the spatial Fourier transform of an object at its focal points.
In contrast to the time-lens approach, PTS is not based on the space-time duality – there is no lens equation that needs to be satisfied to obtain an error-free slowed-down version of the input waveform. Time-stretch technique also offers continuous-time acquisition performance, a feature needed for mainstream applications of oscilloscopes.
Another important difference between the two techniques is that the time lens requires the input signal to be subjected to high amount of dispersion before further processing. For electrical waveforms, the electronic devices that have the required characteristics: (1) high dispersion to loss ratio, (2) uniform dispersion, and (3) broad bandwidths, do not exist. This renders time lens not suitable for slowing down wideband electrical waveforms. In contrast, PTS does not have such a requirement. It was developed specifically for slowing down electrical waveforms and enable high speed digitizers.
Application to imaging and spectroscopy.
In addition to wideband A/D conversion, photonic time-stretch (PTS) is also an enabling technology for high-throughput real-time instrumentation such as imaging The world's fastest optical imaging method called serial time-encoded amplified microscopy (STEAM) makes use of the PTS technology to acquire image using a single-pixel photodetector and commercial ADC. 
Wavelength-time spectroscopy, which also relies on photonic time-stretch technique, permits real-time single-shot measurements of rapidly evolving or ﬂuctuating spectra.

</doc>
<doc id="20101815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101815" title="Chicago Franchise Systems, Inc.">
Chicago Franchise Systems, Inc.

Chicago Franchise Systems, Inc. operates Italian-based Chicago-style restaurants in Illinois area which specialize in Chicago-style cuisine They have operated since 1990, when they took over the popular Nancy's Pizza chain of pizzerias. Nancy's itself was started in 1971 by Nancy and Rocco Palese, a couple who claims to have invented the concept of stuffed pizza. Today, there are 36 Nancy's locations in Chicago metropolitan area, as well as two locations in the Atlanta, Georgia area. CFS, Inc. also operates Al's Beef, a popular Italian beef restaurant that is extremely well known in downtown Chicago and is regarded as one of the best beef sandwiches in the country. 
Nancy's Pizza.
History.
Nancy and Rocco Palese had lived most of their adult lives in Turin, Italy before immigrating with their three children to the United States in 1969. After 18 months in Chicago, Nancy and Rocco opened their first pizza parlor, "Guy's Pizza", featuring a popular thin crust pizza, when friends tried to get the Palese's to experiment with pan pizza. Rather than imitate others, Rocco decided to introduce his own pizza, modeled after his family’s recipe for "scarciedda," an Easter specialty cake.
In 1975, the pair opened the first Nancy's location in Harwood Heights, Illinois, which could seat only 35 people. Three years later, they opened the first location in Chicago. In 1990, the Palese family sold the name Nancy’s Pizza and all development rights to Dave Howey, the president of Chicago Franchise Systems, Inc., who had been a licensee of the Palese’s since 1977. The first carry-out and delivery only location, "Nancy's Express", opened in 1991.
Menu.
Although stuffed pizza (a variant of deep-dish pizza) is the trademark menu item at Nancy's they also offer a large menu of traditional Italian dishes, such as calzones, pasta, and mostacolli. Chicago Franchise Systems also operates the very popular Al's Beef in Chicago.
Nancy's major competition comes from Giordano's and Lou Malnati's pizzerias for deep dish/stuffed pizza, and from Rosati's Pizza and Home Run Inn for Chicago-style thin crust pie.
Al's Beef.
From its humble beginning back in 1938, brother Al Ferreri and his sister and brother-in-law, Frances and Chris Pacelli, Sr. began developing what is known today as Al's Beef. 
The original idea for the Italian beef sandwich was formed out of necessity. In the great depression era, meat was scarce. Chris and Al would go to family weddings and in order to make the meat go around, the family sliced it thinly and made sandwiches. The first official Al's Beef stand began as a small, curbside, outdoor, wooden neighborhood food stand with countertop service located on Laflin and Harrison Streets, in Chicago’s “Little Italy” neighborhood. The beef stand gradually grew and moved to its present location at 1079 W. Taylor Street, still in Chicago’s "Little Italy." It was here that they added Chicago hot dogs, fresh, homemade, hand-cut French fries, and Polish sausage to the menu. In 1999, Chicago Franchise Systems bought the rights to Al's #1 Italian Beef Restaurants. The first Al's franchised location opened in 2001 in Tinley Park, Illinois. Al's retail locations are positioned to compete with local independent beef stands as well as larger corporate entities such as Portillo's, Buona Beef and Scooby's Red Hots.
On season 1 of Man vs. Food, Adam Richman visited Al's Beef in Chicago and learned the official "Italian stance" for eating such a juicy sandwich.

</doc>
<doc id="20101837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101837" title="List of U.S. military vehicles by supply catalog designation">
List of U.S. military vehicles by supply catalog designation

This is a List of U. S. military vehicles by supply catalog designation. The U.S Army Ordnance Corps Supply Catalog uses a nomenclature system that designates G-series numbers to represent various U.S. military vehicles. Generally, the G-series group together a "family" of vehicles that are similar in terms of their engine, transmission, drive train and chassis, but have external differences. The body style and function of the vehicles within the same G-number may vary greatly.
G300 - G500.
Note, these are largely unused, or unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="20101850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101850" title="Downhome">
Downhome

Downhome, formerly The Downhomer, is a magazine published monthly in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada. 
The magazine focuses on lifestyle in Newfoundland and Labrador, with columns like Notes From Home, Family & Friends, Discovery, Healthy Living, Food & Leisure and features submissions by its reader in the forms of stories, poems, photos or letters. It is the largest paid circulation magazine in Atlantic Canada and is #31 among all paid circulation magazines in Canada. More than 50,000 copies of the magazine are published each month and are distributed worldwide. The magazine started as a tabloid publication in the Greater Toronto Area.
To complement the magazine, there are also two Downhome stores, one located in St. John's and the other in Twillingate. The company also sells items worldwide via its website and runs fundraisers for organizations and schools selling subscriptions and goods.

</doc>
<doc id="20101880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101880" title="NZR JB class">
NZR JB class

The NZR JB class steam locomotives were all originally members of the J class of 1939. Built by North British Locomotive Works, Scotland, they all initially burned coal and wore distinctive bullet-like streamlining.
Conversion to oil burning.
After World War II the railways suffered problematic coal shortages, especially in the North Island. Approval was gained to convert 12 of the J class locomotives into oil-burners, to burn heavy fuel oil which was available in plentiful quantities at the time. The conversion saw the installation of a two-nossle burner in the firebox, removal of the grate and ashpan which was replaced with a firepan lined with bricks, shortening of the superheater tubes in the boiler, removal of the spark arrester in the smokebox, removal of the brick arch, addition of the related controls and gauges for the oil burning equipment, and the tender modified to carry an oil bunker and associated steam piping. Similar to the K and KA Classes which were converted to oil burning at the same time, the JB Class utilized a separate, removable tank which sat in the former coal space. However, the full-width coal bunker of the J-type's Vanderbilt tender was cut down so that the oil tank was visible at the sides, with distinctive vertical supports below. The conversion process generally coincided with the removal of the streamlining, but not always. Once converted, the locomotives were re-classified JB in recognition of the conversion, however they retained their original J class numbers.
The JB Class in service.
In service the JB class performed well, but did not distinguish themselves above the unconverted J class nor any of the other J variants. Some of the JB Class received cross-compound Westinghouse pumps in place of the twin single-phase pumps, but others did not. The JB Class only ever saw service in the North Island, as in the South Island coal supplies were plentiful. Some years after conversion to oil, the fuel oil being used became considerably dearer than the coal supplies then being sourced, and there was no longer a coal shortage. However re-conversion back to coal burning did not occur due to objections from the various railway Unions.
Withdrawal and disposal.
Some members of the JB Class were among the first of the J 4-8-2 types to be withdrawn, due to the faster wear and tear suffered by the locomotives as a result of oil burning. The last of the class was withdrawn from service by March 1968, by which time steam haulage in the North Island had essentially finished anyway. All of the class were scrapped, although many items from the locomotives were retained as spares for the other J type locomotives still in service in the South Island.
Preservation.
No JB class locomotives were preserved, although the tender from JB 1203 is held by Steam Incorporated. In addition, preserved J class locomotive No. 1236 has been restored as a JB class oil burner by its owners Mainline Steam, although this particular locomotive spent its entire NZR career as a coal-burning J Class. Preserved locomotive J 1211, also owned by Mainline Steam, has been converted to oil burning in the same manner as the JB class, but has not been re-classified to reflect that change.

</doc>
<doc id="20101883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101883" title="Jellico">
Jellico

Jellico may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20101918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20101918" title="Daniela Druncea">
Daniela Druncea

Daniela Druncea (born November 2, 1990 in Buftea, Romania) is a Romanian artistic gymnast and rower. As a gymnast, she is a world bronze medalist with the team and was an alternate to the 2008 Romanian Olympic team. She retired in 2009.
Druncea became a coxswain in coxed eight (8+1) rowing competitions after retiring from gymnastics.

</doc>
<doc id="20102013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102013" title="List of dances and marches by Ziehrer">
List of dances and marches by Ziehrer

This is a list of the dances and marches written by the Austrian composer Karl Michael Ziehrer (1843–1922). They are arranged in opus number order.

</doc>
<doc id="20102014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102014" title="Uncial 0145">
Uncial 0145

Uncial 0145 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 014 (Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated palaeographically to the 7th century. 
The codex contains a small part of the Gospel of John 6:26-31, on one parchment leaf (24 cm by 19 cm). It is written in one column per page, 18 lines per page, in uncial letters. 
The Greek text of this codex is mixed. Aland placed it in Category III. 
It is dated by the INTF to the 7th century.
The codex formerly was held in Qubbat al-Khazna in Damascus. The present location of the codex is unknown. The manuscript currently is not accessible. 

</doc>
<doc id="20102069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102069" title="Nicolai Wergeland">
Nicolai Wergeland

Nicolai Wergeland (9 November 1780, Hosanger (now Osterøy) – 25 March 1848, Eidsvoll) was a Norwegian priest, writer and politician, and a member of the Norwegian Constituent Assembly at Eidsvoll that wrote the Constitution of Norway on 17 May 1814. He was elected as one of two delegates from Christiansand to the Eidsvoll Assembly in 1814. He represented the unionist side, and came very well prepared to Eidsvoll, bringing his own constitution draft. Along with him from Christiansand came wholesaler Ole Clausen Mørch.
Family.
Wergeland's family hailed from Brekke in Sogn. His father was Halvor Lassesen, a teacher and parish clerk in Hosanger. 
Wergeland's daughter Camilla Collett, author of the novel "Amtmandens døttre" ("The Governor's Daughters", 1854, anonymously), is regarded as Norway's first feminist writer. 
The son Henrik Wergeland is often characterized as Norway's national poet, and a symbol of the country's independence. Wergeland was also father of military officer Oscar Wergeland, and proprietor Harald Titus Alexis Wergeland. His nephew, mountaineer, lieutenant general and government minister Harald Nicolai Storm Wergeland grew up with the family, when the young mother, Wergeland's sister, became a widow.
Career.
Wergeland studied theology in Copenhagen. As he did not come from a wealthy family, his economic conditions were so difficult that he considered enlisting as a soldier. He became a cand.theol. in 1803, served as a curate in Christianssand from 1812, a vicar to Eidsvold from 1816, and rural dean in Eidsvold from 1822. 
He became well known for winning a contest arranged by "Selskabet for Norges Vel" in 1811, coming up with the best writing arguing for a separate Norwegian university in Christiania, with "Mnemosyne" (published 1811). 
In Christianssand he was an active participant at Det Dramatiske Selskab, which had been founded by his father-in-law.
He was elected delegate to the Eidsvoll Assembly in 1814, where he was a member of the constitution committee. He participated actively also in the plenary sessions, with long and well-prepared speeches. His unionist and anti-Danish point of view made him less popular among delegates with a different opininon.
Throughout his life Wergeland participated actively in political and cultural debates, published several works, experimented with drawing and painting, and composed music.

</doc>
<doc id="20102151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102151" title="Adriaan Dijxhoorn">
Adriaan Dijxhoorn

Adriaan Quirinus Hendrik Dijxhoorn (Rotterdam, 10 September 1889 – De Steeg, 22 January 1953) was a Dutch military commander as well as the Dutch secretary of Defense at the beginning of the Battle of the Netherlands. He had a row with commander Izaak H. Reijnders; after the latter retired he appointed the retired general Henri Winkelman. After the Dutch surrender, he went to London to join the Queen and her government.
References.
de Jong, Lou. Het Koninkrijk der Nederlanden in de Tweede Wereldoorlog (The Hague, 1969).

</doc>
<doc id="20102204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102204" title="Daryl Smith (baseball)">
Daryl Smith (baseball)

Daryl Clinton Smith is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. Originally drafted by the Texas Rangers in 1980, he did not make his major league debut until ten years later. He pitched two games for the Kansas City Royals in , then continued to pitch in the minor leagues in , finishing his career with the Columbus Clippers in the New York Yankees farm system.

</doc>
<doc id="20102226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102226" title="Harry, A History">
Harry, A History

Harry, A History: The True Story of a Boy Wizard, His Fans, and Life Inside the Harry Potter Phenomenon is a 2008 book by writer and webmistress of The Leaky Cauldron, Melissa Anelli. The book describes the "Harry Potter" phenomenon in detail. The book was published on November 4, 2008, by Pocket Books, and debuted at #18 on the New York Times paperback bestseller list. Notably, the book features exclusive interview material and insights from Harry Potter author J.K. Rowling who also wrote the foreword.
Anelli is the webmistress of the popular fansite The Leaky Cauldron. She is also one of the co-hosts of PotterCast, a popular "Harry Potter" podcast.

</doc>
<doc id="20102227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102227" title="Aloysius Pennie">
Aloysius Pennie

Aloysius Pennie (born April 17, 1984) is an Liberian footballer, who is currently for Liberia Ship Corporate Registry Football Club.
International career.
The defender was a member of the Liberia national football team and earned his only cup in May 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20102234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102234" title="A-Boy Plumbing &amp; Electrical Supply">
A-Boy Plumbing &amp; Electrical Supply

A-Boy Supply is a chain of plumbing and electrical supply stores located in the Pacific Northwest United States. This privately held company is headquartered in Portland, Oregon. The company has 3 stores in Oregon. They specialize in plumbing and electrical supplies, but they also have a mix of products similar to a neighborhood hardware store. The largest A-Boy store is the Barbur location and it also has a seasonal plant nursery, and lumber. They also sell a limited selection of their product line, mostly faucets, via their website.
History.
A-Boy Supply was founded by John Dolan in 1960 in a former grocery store in southeast Portland, Oregon. They first sold plumbing fixtures, electrical supplies and appliances. Lighting products and lighting supplies were added later. In 1962 he opened a second store in Milton-Freewater, Oregon- 300 miles away from the first store in Portland, Oregon. Although the store did well, distance made management difficult and, in 1969, John sold it. 
The family then directed focus on developing stores in the Portland metro area beginning with a store in Tigard, Oregon. In November 1975, 2 stores were opened. One in Beaverton, Oregon, and one in the Northeast Portland Hollywood neighborhood. The Vancouver, Washington store opened just in time for the 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens. The Hillsboro, Oregon store was opened in 1984 and the Portland Northwest Vaughn Street store in 1996.
In July 2009, two months after announcing plans to liquidate their stores, the president of A-Boy Supply Co. bought out his family members and reopened 5 of the company's 6 stores, all of the Oregon locations.
Supreme Court Case: Dolan v. City of Tigard.
A 1991 application to the City of Tigard to redevelop the Tigard A-Boy store site was halted due to a dispute with the city of Tigard. After John Dolan died in 1993, his wife Florence Dolan pursued the case to the US Supreme Court. In June 1994, she won the Supreme Court decision Dolan v. City of Tigard, that found the City of Tigard in violation of the Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution. 
After the court victory, and a delay in collecting restitution from the city, the new store was completed in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="20102248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102248" title="Bernardino Pedroto">
Bernardino Pedroto

António Carlos Bernardino Pedroto (born 19 October 1953 in Lisbon) is a Portuguese retired footballer who played as an attacking midfielder, and a current manager.
Playing career.
Pedroto started playing football with local and national giants S.L. Benfica. He begun training with the main squad in the 1972–73 season, which ended in national championship conquest, but his only league appearance for the club only came the following campaign.
After leaving the "Reds" Pedroto represented, always in the top division, where he amassed totals of 229 games and 26 goals over the course of 13 seasons, Vitória de Guimarães (two spells), C.S. Marítimo and Portimonense SC, retiring in June 1986 at nearly 33; with Vitória, he also appeared in three UEFA Cup editions.
Managerial career.
Pedroto's first job as a head coach in the professionals was in 1990–91, as he led Sport Benfica e Castelo Branco to the fifth position in the second level, just one point shy of promotion. After one year in the lower leagues with Varzim SC, he was appointed at former club Vitória de Guimarães, helping it finish seventh in the top flight in his only full season.
During the rest of his Portugal coaching career, Pedroto never again finished one season, with the exception being 1995–96 with Gil Vicente FC (11th place, top division). Subsequently he moved to Angola and signed for Atlético Sport Aviação, winning the Girabola tournament three years in a row (2002–04) and finishing second in 2005.
Pedroto left Aviação in early January 2007 due to financial difficulties. A few days later, he was appointed at fellow league outfit Atlético Petróleos Luanda.
In 2008, Pedroto made history in Angolan football as he won a record four national championships – eventually five – overtaking Mário Calado of Santos Futebol Clube de Angola. As ASA's manager he also conquered four Supercups, another best-ever.
Pedroto left Petro at the end of the 2010 season.

</doc>
<doc id="20102254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102254" title="Got Game Entertainment">
Got Game Entertainment

Got Game Entertainment, LLC is an American developer and publisher of videogames, based in Weston, Connecticut. Got Game chiefly publishes adventure games, with ARMA II being the most notable exception.

</doc>
<doc id="20102276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102276" title="The China Mail">
The China Mail

The China Mail (Traditional Chinese: 德臣西報, also 中國郵報 and 德臣報) was an English-language newspaper published in Hong Kong from 1845 to 1974, making it the longest-lived of any Hong Kong newspaper. The head office was in Wellington Street.
When the closure was announced, the Hong Kong Journalists Association, headed by Jack Spackman, organised a sit-in at the "China Mail" offices to protest the number of journalists being sacked, some after many years' service, with no compensation. This was the first protest of its kind in Hong Kong to protect the rights of workers. Most of the European journalists and some of the local Chinese journalists were moved to the "South China Morning Post" which owned 80% of the "China Mail" or managed to obtain employment on other publications.
At the time of its closure the acting editor was David Smith, who had joined the paper in 1971 as the sports editor.

</doc>
<doc id="20102306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102306" title="Danièle Rochon">
Danièle Rochon

Danièle Rochon is a Quebec painter born on the 8th of April 1946, in Ottawa (Canada). In 1992, she was elected a member of the Royal Canadian Academy of Arts. Her art is present in numerous public collections throughout the world.
Biography.
After achieving a baccalaureate of arts degree from Laval University in Quebec City, Danièle Rochon continued her studies in Political Science at Laval and Montreal Universities in Quebec. She then started to work in creative advertising and in translation for several years.
In 1975, Danièle Rochon took courses at the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts' school and at the Saidye Bronfman's college of art. She also studied engraving for two years at the Graff studio in Montreal. She subsequently spent seven years continuing her artistic research selecting pastels and oil as her principal mediums of expression.
From 1982, she began to exhibit her work in Canada and in the United States, particularly in New York and San Francisco.
In 1987, Danièle Rochon undertook the making of numerous lithographies at the studios of Pierre Chave and Bjorn Hansen in Vence in the south of France. She made a series of lithographies for the art book "La Nuit" of Claire Dé, a limited edition, published by Art Global. 
In 1990, she created a vast painting of 23 m x 6 m on a vaulted ceiling, entitled "Hymne à la vie" in Quebec City [http://www.gcanardiere.com/_historique/cinema.html]. The same year, she settled in Provence in the south of France where she painted a triptych for the Roman church of Viens in the Luberon. During this period she exhibited her work in Europe, particularly in Paris, Barcelona and Copenhagen. Danièle Rochon continues to paint in both her studios in Montreal and in Provence.
In 1992, Danièle Rochon participated in an operatic project of Mardi Ellen Hill in New York, "Vaugirard", for which she created the decor and costumes. 
Since then, Danièle Rochon has shown her work in more than forty duet exhibitions in various countries.
References.
BERNIER, Robert. "Un siècle de peinture au Québec", 1999, Montréal, Les Éditions de l'Homme, p. 338-339.
HOULD, Claudette. "Répertoire des livres d'artistes du Québec 1981-1990", Montréal, Éditions de la Bibliothèque nationale du Québec, Montréal, 1987, p. 144-145.
MACDONALD, Colin S. "A Dictionary of Canadian Artists", Ottawa, Canadian Paperbacks, vol. 7, Ottawa, 1990.
Magazin'Art : "répertoire biennal des artistes Canadiens en galeries", Montréal, Editart International, 2000, p. 82.
Magazin'Art : "répertoire biennal des artistes Canadiens en galeries", Montréal, Editart International, 1996, p. 25.
VALLÉE, Félix. "Guide Vallée" : biographies et cotes de 1000 artistes, Saint-Jérôme (Québec), Publications Charles-Huot, 1989, p. 601.

</doc>
<doc id="20102319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102319" title="Daily Press (Hong Kong)">
Daily Press (Hong Kong)

The Daily Press (Traditional Chinese: 每日雜報, also 孖剌報, 孖剌西報 and 孖剌沙西報) was an English-language in Hong Kong, published from 1857 for about 80 years.

</doc>
<doc id="20102331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102331" title="Jump Bug">
Jump Bug

Jump Bug was the first platform game to include smooth horizontal scrolling. It was developed by Alpha Denshi under contract for Hoei/Coreland and released to arcades in 1981.
Gameplay.
A player controls a constantly bouncing car while driving through various environments including a city, pyramid and underwater. Unlike most other scrolling games of the time, the main character, a buggy is jumping constantly. The height of the jump and speed of a fall can be controlled with up and down key. Player is also able to shoot down various enemies that appear on a stage. Points are gained by collecting treasure, killing enemies and jumping on clouds.
Ports.
Jump Bug was ported to the Emerson Arcadia and the Leisure Vision system in Canada. It was one of the few games for these systems that was graphically quite good and equally fun to play.

</doc>
<doc id="20102338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102338" title="List of Tytania episodes">
List of Tytania episodes

The following is the list of episodes for the Japanese Anime series Tytania. The anime series is produced by Artland and sound productions by Magic Capsule. The episodes are directed by Noboru Ishiguro based on the original novel created by Yoshiki Tanaka. The characters from the anime are designed by Noboru Sugimitsu based on the original character designs by Haruhiko Mikimoto. The series began airing on Japan's NHK broadcasting station on 9 October 2008. Two pieces of theme music are used, one opening and one ending theme. The opening theme is titled "Ano Sora wo, Ike" performed by Ken Nishikiori while the ending theme is titled "Lost in Space" sung by Psychic Lover.

</doc>
<doc id="20102351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102351" title="Pheasant paste">
Pheasant paste

Pheasant Paste is type of pâté made from pheasant meat and other common pâté ingredients such as sour cream, eggs, onions and butter.
Notable mentions in history.
Julien Offray de La Mettrie is rumoured to have been killed by indigestion caused by the over-consumption of pheasant paste, however the actual cause was later attributed to self-prescribed blood-letting.

</doc>
<doc id="20102354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102354" title="Annington (Poolesville, Maryland)">
Annington (Poolesville, Maryland)

Annington is a historic home located at Poolesville, Montgomery County, Maryland, United States. The house is constructed of brick, Flemish bond, consisting of three two-story sections: a main block three bays wide, a wing to the west two bays wide, and a wing to the east three bays wide. The house was built during the wheat boom of the early 1810s that the western counties of Maryland and nearby Virginia experienced with the opening of the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal. The Georgian house was built in about 1813, for Daniel Trundle, a planter, and member of the Maryland State Legislature for ten years. The site is a commanding one, overlooking the Potomac River, and during the American Civil War was a strategic lookout point and occupied by Union officers.
Annington was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="20102358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102358" title="Sandkings">
Sandkings

Sandkings may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20102384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102384" title="Selimiye Mosque (disambiguation)">
Selimiye Mosque (disambiguation)

The name Selimiye Mosque may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20102395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102395" title="Ross Caven">
Ross Caven

Ross Caven (born 4 August 1965 in Glasgow) is a retired Scottish footballer who spent his entire career with amateurs Queen's Park, making over 500 league appearances.
Caven made his debut for Queen's Park at the age of 17 in a 2–0 defeat by Clydebank at Kilbowie Park on 25 September 1982. He made his 500th appearance for Queen's Park when they beat Stenhousemuir in January 1999. Caven was club captain when Queen's Park won their first and only trophy of his years at Hampden, the Scottish Football League Third Division championship in 1999–00. On 15 April 2000, he broke the 80 year old Queen's Park appearance record set by J.B. McAlpine, as Queen's Park defeated Montrose 2–0 at Links Park. He also scored 96 league goals for the club.
Caven retired from playing in June 2001 and joined the club's committee. The team struggled in the early part of the 2001–02 season, however, and Caven made a comeback. He finally retired at the end of that season, as Queen's Park finished 10th in the Third Division. He is still serving on the club committee.

</doc>
<doc id="20102399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102399" title="Subkulture">
Subkulture

Subkulture is a Production Label & Music Organization which began in Manila, The Philippines during the early nineties. It is involved in music production, live events, and print media publications and specializes in Gothic-related Music and Events. 
Past.
Subkulture began as the First roving goth club in Metro Manila, The Philippines. Exclusively playing Gothic and Industrial music to a small but growing audience in the 1990s, these series of shows spurred the emergence of the nascent Gothic lifestyle which was non-existent at that time, having adhered to a significant following, the birth of more elaborate shows and growing numbers caught the attention of the mainstream media and eventually the acceptance of the genre by the masses and corporate sponsorships. 
The label is credited for the wider acceptance and mainstream appeal of Goth and Industrial events in Manila without commercializing it. Fliers promoting events produced by Subkulture note they are benefits.
Subkulture's Eternal Death Wake (EDW) Music Festival primarily known as The Eastern Goth Valley is an Annual Music gathering held every October,it is credited by the public as the country's first Goth festival and has been included in Japan's Burst Magazine amongst others. due to its popularity, the EDW is often mistaken as the first "Goth Club" in Manila, this is a false predicament as its predecessor loosely identified as Klub Gargoyle is said to have preceded it since the beginning. 
The EDW Event has hosted various foreign artists such as The Angina Pectoris (Germany), Eve of Destiny (Japan), Kozi (Japan), Roughhausen (Canada / Taiwan ), Dj Eiji (Japan), Haruhiko Ash (Japan), DJ Nekrokael (France)) and Psydoll (Japan).
Subkulture was also the exclusive distributor of Industrial Nation Magazine USA in Asia.
Subkulture is also noted to help advance the careers of many young acts in the Philippines.
Current.
Subkulture online magazine is set to be launched by the end of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20102412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102412" title="R.P. Rithet (sternwheeler)">
R.P. Rithet (sternwheeler)

R.P. Rithet was a sternwheel steamer that operated in British Columbia from 1882 to 1917. The common name for this vessel was the "Rithet". After 1909 this vessel was known as the Baramba.
Design and Construction.
"R.P.Rithet" was designed to replace the recently burned "Elizabeth J. Irving". The engines from "Elizabeth J. Irving" were salvaged and installed in the "Rithet", which was intended to the most luxurious riverboat ever launched up to that time in British Columbia. The vessel was built by master shipwright Alexander Watson for Captain (sometimes called "Commodore") John Irving, one of the most famous steamboat captains in the history of British Columbia. The Irving family was strongly connected with development on the east side of Portland, Oregon, and it was reported in the contemporary press that they had sold some of their land in East Portland for $65,000, some of which may have been applied to pay for the new steamer. The new vessel was named after Robert Paterson Rithet, a businessman who was married to the sister of Captain Irving's wife. He was a partner in the firm of Welsh, Rithet, and Co., which had offices in San Francisco and Victoria, BC, and also major sugar holdings in the Hawaiian Islands. Rithet was a close business associate of and adviser to Captain Irving.
"Rithet" was equipped with hydraulic steering gear, and electric lighting, a new development at that time. The steamer was launched on April 20, 1882, at Victoria. The steamer was to join the Irving family's fleet of other vessels, then known as the Pioneer Line. About six weeks after the vessel was launched, Captain Irving took "Rithet" on her first voyage to the mainland, arriving at New Westminster, BC on June 10, 1882. Arriving on a Saturday night, the vessel's electric lights shown brilliantly across the water, earning the praise of the local press. A military band had been embarked, which played stirring tunes as crowds of people swarmed on the docks to welcome Captain Irving's new steamer.
Formation of the Canadian Pacific Navigation Company.
By 1882, the Pioneer Line had vanquished most of its competitors on the run up the Fraser River from New Westminster. Irving's major rival at the time of the launch of "Rithet" was Captain William Moore, who ran "Western Slope under contract with the Hudson's Bay Company ("HBC") across the Strait of Georgia from New Westminster to Victoria. Moore went into bankruptcy, and Irving and Rithet then joined with Alexandro Munro, HBC chief factor and other prominent businessmen to incorporate the Canadian Pacific Navigation Company ("C.P.N."). HBC contributed three of its vessels, and Irving contributed four, including "R.P. Rithet".
Dispute over seaworthiness.
In early 1883, Moore, thinking he was still in legal control of "Western Slope", launched a legal complaint with the inspector of steamboats claiming that "Rithet" was not sufficiently seaworthy to cross the Strait of Georgia. The witnesses in support of the complaint were all officers or crew of, or persons interested in "Western Slope". Despite this biased evidence the steamboat inspector concurred and forbade "Rithet" from crossing the Strait until such time as her seaworthiness was established. In response, Alexander Watson, builder of "R.P. Rithet" defended the vessel's design and construction in a letter to the "Victoria Colonist" published January 13, 1883. Irving himself went back to Ottawa, Ontario where he was able to persuade the Ministry of Marine to reverse the steamboat inspector, and by February 27, 1883 "Rithet" was clear again to run across the strait.
Operations on Fraser River.
"Rithet" also ran up the Fraser River and occasionally was taken on holiday excursions, such as on July 4, 1883. The American holiday was widely celebrated in British Columbia in those days, due to the large numbers of Americans in the province. On this occasion, "Rithet" departed Victoria at 1:00 p.m. on July 3, and was due to arrive at Hope the next day. Onboard sports and other diversions with cash prizes were offered. Excursionists could then ride a special Canadian Pacific Railway train to the end of the line at Yale, British Columbia. Once the rail excursions returned to Hope, the steamer then went back down river and across the Strait of Georgia, returning to Victoria on July 6, 1883. The entire excursion would have cost a participant $11, with meals and berth included.
Competition with "Teaser".
By 1884, Captain Moore was back again in competition with Captain Irving on the Strait of Georgia route. This time Moore had launched a new propeller steamer "Teaser", which he registered in the name of one of his sons, apparently in an attempted to stall the numerous creditors that seemed to be constantly pursuing Captain Moore. "Teaser" however could make little progress against the C.P.N., which was running not only the "Rithet" on the Strait route, but also the enormous sidewheeler "Yosemite", recently brought up from operations in California. Moore was soon forced off the run, and like his "Western Slope", "Teaser" was sold to satisfy the claims of his creditors, later being known as "Rainbow."
Collision with sidewheeler "Enterprise".
On the afternoon of July 28, 1885, "Rithet" and another vessel, the sidewheeler "Enterprise" were both bound for Victoria out of New Westminster. "Rithet" was under the command of Capt. Asbury Insley, and "Enterprise" was under Captain George Rudlin. The weather was clear and visibility was excellent on that summer day. At about 2:25 p.m. near Victoria, at Ten Mile Point (now known as Cadburo Point) at the entrance to Cadburo Bay, they collided. "Rithet"'s crew claimed "Enterprise" ignored a whistle blast directly her to put her helm over to port. A minute before the collision, both vessels were proceeding at full speed, although there had been a last minute attempt to reverse the engines on "Rithet" just before the impact, and the engines on "Enterprise" had been stopped. "Rithet" struck "Enterprise" bow-on, about eight feet forward of the wheelhouse. "Enterprise" started sinking immediately and panic broke out among the passengers.
The force of the blow knocked Captain Rudlin off "Enterprise" and on to the "Rithet". Cattle being transported on "Enterprise" started swimming around in the water, and passengers and crew grabbed on for anything that would float. Most of the passengers of "Enterprise" were rescued, either by "Rithet" or by "Western Slope" which happened to be in the area and assisted in the rescue. Two passengers were drowned however. This was the first fatal accident involving the C.P.N. A later inquest found Captain Insley of "Rithet" was responsible for the accident, and that all the officers of both vessels, save only the mate of "Enterprise", who was seriously hurt, deserved censure for not acting to quell the panic of the passengers aboard "Enterprise." Captain Insley's license was suspended for 12 months and he was never employed by C.P.N. or any other company on the coast again, although he was able to find work as a master of inland steamers. His fault was that he had left a green hand at the helm while he left the wheelhouse to eat dinner. Captain Rudlin was faulted for not reboarding "Enterprise" from "Rithet" to take action to manage the evacuation of the vessel, but unlike Insley, he continued to receive command assignments from C.P.N.
Loss of the "William Irving".
On June 28, 1894, "Rithet" broke her paddlewheel shaft at Maria Slough, near Ruby Creek on the Fraser River, which disabled the vessel because her sternwheel could not be turned. Upriver another C.P.N. vessel the "William Irving" was loading freight and cattle at Katz Landing. Captain Irving himself took command of "William Irving" with a plan to bring "Rithet" downriver for repair. He proceeded downriver to where "Rithet" lay disabled and lashed up "Rithet" next to "Irving", so that both vessels could proceed downriver side-by-side. Things went well until they reached Farr's Bluff, where the strong current swung both vessels around, and "Irving""s bow smashed into a rock. Some of the crew of "Irving" began to panic, and jumped onto "Rithet". Captain Irving, who was at the wheel, ordered the lines to "Rithet" cut so that both vessels might not sink. Free of "Rithet", "Irving" kept going downstream, gradually sinking, and eventually hit a sandbar, which caused her to become a total wreck, an uninsured loss of a vessel worth $50,000.
Takeover by Canadian Pacific Railway.
In early 1901, the Canadian Pacific Railway took over the Canadian Pacific Navigation Company and its fleet of steamships, including "Rithet". The name of the C.P.N. continued for a time, as there was not an immediate dissolution of the company's structure. The new superintendent was Capt. James W. Troup, a friend of Captain Irving, but who nevertheless had his own ideats of how things should be run. Among other things, Troup wanted to replace the motley C.P.N. collection of wooden coasting vessels, some very old, with some newer vessels, preferably built of steel.
Changing travel patterns.
In the late 1890s, changing travel patterns decreased the importance of the Strait of Georgia run from Victoria to New Westminster. Steamers on this route had picked up cargo and passengers in the Gulf Islands along the route, but regular steamers assigned to the Gulf Island routes took away this business. The cannery business used to require that salmon be canned and crated at the Fraser River then transshipped to Victoria to be loaded on ocean-going vessels. By the late 1890s ocean going vessels were going directly to the canneries on the Fraser River, eliminating the need for steamers to carry the packed salmon to Victoria. Also, when the transcontinental Canadian Pacific Railway was completed with its terminus at Vancouver, BC, steamship traffic shifted over to Vancouver as the preferred point to disembark passengers and unload inland bound cargo. "Rithet" stayed on the route until 1907, although by 1901 "Rithet" was only crossing the strait in the summer.
Last years of service.
On October 16, 1906, the CPR steamer "Princess Victoria" ran aground in bad weather near Victoria. The next day the passengers and crew were taken off by "Rithet". After the summer of 1907, "Ripthet" was withdrawn from regular service. In April 1909, C.P.R. sold "Rithet" to the Terminal Steam Navigation Company, which refitted the vessel to serve points between Vancouver and Howe Sound, and renamed the vessel "Baramba". In 1917 all machinery was removed from " Baramba" and the vessel was converted to a barge.

</doc>
<doc id="20102437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102437" title="Beall-Dawson House">
Beall-Dawson House

The The Beall-Dawson House is a historic home located at Rockville, Montgomery County, Maryland, United States. It is a -story Federal house, three bays wide by two deep, constructed of Flemish bond brick on the front facade and common bond elsewhere. Outbuildings on the property include an original brick dairy house and a mid-19th century one-room Gothic Revival frame doctor's office which was moved to the site for use as a museum. The house was constructed in 1815. 
It serves as the headquarters of the Montgomery County Historical Society which maintains the house as an early 19th-century period historic house museum. The house also include indoor slave quarters, and two rooms with changing exhibits of local history.
The Beall-Dawson House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
The property also includes the Stonestreet Museum of 19th Century Medicine, a one room doctor's office with medical and pharmaceutical tools, furniture, and books from the 19th and early 20th centuries.
History.
The house was built for Upton Beall and his family in 1815. His daughters lived there for their entire lives, and the house was owned by the family until 1960. Amelia Somervell Dawson, a Beall cousin, also lived in the house with her family, which gives the house its name.

</doc>
<doc id="20102483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102483" title="Energy &amp; Water Ombudsman (New South Wales)">
Energy &amp; Water Ombudsman (New South Wales)

The Energy & Water Ombudsman NSW (EWON) is the approved dispute resolution scheme for all electricity and gas customers in New South Wales, Australia, and water customers of Sydney Water, Hunter Water, Country Water, Gosford City Council, Shoalhaven Water, State Water Corporation and Wyong Shire Council.
EWON is an industry-based Ombudsman scheme, which means it is funded by its members. As with other Ombudsmen in Australia and around the world, EWON's service is free for consumers.
EWON models and evaluates its service against the six industry-standard benchmarks for complaint-handling agencies:
In line with the benchmarks, EWON's decision-making process is independent. EWON is not a consumer advocate and does not represent industry. EWON works towards a fair and reasonable outcome for the parties involved in a dispute. 
EWON's website http://www.ewon.com.au provides a range of free factsheets and information for consumers.
History.
The Energy & Water Ombudsman NSW (ABN 21-079-718-915) was set up in 1998 by the six NSW electricity providers, and the transmission operator, as the Energy Industry Ombudsman NSW (EWON) scheme. It was the first industry complaints scheme in New South Wales. It is a free, independent service to help people sort out any unresolved problems with their electricity, gas or water supplier.
The founding members of EWON had decided that part of good customer service was the provision of a free dispute resolution service that was independent of the industry. Clare Petre, then a Senior Assistant Commonwealth Ombudsman, was appointed in early 1998 as the first Energy Industry Ombudsman NSW. 
In December 1999 Sydney Water joined the scheme and EWON was renamed the Energy & Water Ombudsman NSW (EWON). 
EWON now provides a one-stop complaint resolution service for all electricity and gas customers in New South Wales and some water providers.

</doc>
<doc id="20102485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102485" title="Sobei language">
Sobei language

Sobei is one of the Sarmi languages spoken in three villages (Sarmi, Sawar, and Bagaiserwar) near the district center of Sarmi in Papua province of Indonesia. Ethnologue (2005) cites two third-party population estimates of 1,000 and 1,850, while Sterner estimates the population at 1,500 (1975) and 2,000 (1987), based on actual residence in the area.
Phonology.
Sobei reflexes of some common Austronesian etyma include "ima" 'hand', "betwe" 'star', "daidu" 'two', "faso" 'paddle', "fau" 'four', "mam" 'father', "nen" 'mother', "natu" '(his/her) child', "niwe" 'coconut', "pana" 'food', "puwe" 'betelnut', "rani" 'water', "rau" 'leaf', "-sa" 'up', "-si" 'down', "siso" 'breast', "tafi" 'sugarcane', "tano" 'rain', "temto" 'man', "tesese" 'one', "tou" 'three', "wane" 'sand', "yafu" 'fire' (all gleaned from J. Sterner 1975).
Morphology.
Nouns.
Sobei distinguishes alienable possession from inalienable possession by directly suffixing nouns in the latter type of relationship, principally body parts and kin terms. The morphophonemics are often complex: "natu’" 'my child', "natun" 'his/her child', "netrirse" 'our child(ren)', "netrise" 'their child(ren)'; "dabu'sa'a" 'my head', "dabusa'a" 'his/her head', "debrirsa'a" 'our heads', "debrisa'a" 'their heads' (Sterner 1987). The following paradigm of the inalienably possessed noun "tema-" 'father' is from Sterner (1976). The intermediate "-ri-" before the possessive suffix serves as a plural marker. As an independent pronoun, "ri" is 3rd person plural ('they'). Some kin terms that do not take the possessive suffixes nevertheless have plural forms ending in "-(r)i": "wawa-ri" 'uncle-PL', "tinan-i" 'mother-PL', "nabai-yi" 'cousin-PL' (Sterner 1976).
Verbs.
Sobei verb stems can include a number of aspectual, reciprocal, modificational, or directional affixes, but every verb is minimally prefixed to show the grammatical person and number of its subject and grammatical mood (realis or irrealis). Mood markers differ according to whether the stem is simple or complex, and some classes of verbs show stem allomorphy in their conjugational paradigms. (See Sterner 1987.)

</doc>
<doc id="20102489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102489" title="Toni Huttunen">
Toni Huttunen

Toni Huttunen (born 12 January 1973 in Kuusankoski) is a Finnish footballer who plays for MyPa. He earned 11 caps for the Finnish national side between 1994 and 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20102499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102499" title="James Lontayao">
James Lontayao

James Lontayao is an Asian American actor, comedian and former VJ for MYX North America.
Biography.
James Lontayao was born on October 13, in San Francisco, California. He attended Junipero Serra HIgh School in San Mateo and received his training from Foothill Theatre Conservatory. He had also received improv training from Bay Area Theatre Sports and Groundlings and currently trains at the Beverly Hills Playhouse.
Career.
James launched his acting career in 2000. He has worked with numerous Bay Area theatre companies, such as Asian American Theater Company and Bindlestiff Studios. His stage credits include Sleeper, Banyan and Walls. And in 2006, he had been selected as a VJ for MYX North America. From that point on, he had hosted a pop music oriented show on the TV channel, called "Loveable". James starred in many short films, including "Pleasant Company", "Double Features", and "Cereal Monogamy", an official selection at the 2007 VC Film Festival. In 2008, James took on the leading role of Thomas Yang in an offbeat romantic comedy feature film, "The Red Door". Besides his TV and film career, James had also acted on an internet comedy that explores love, sex and relationship, called "Lexationships with Marc and James". The success of the show has brought his character, James Spano, to college campuses, such as San Francisco State University, for live performances. Additionally, he had played the role of Zach, on an online sci-fi mini-series, "Eve, Beauty and the Blade". In the Summer of 2008, James had transferred out of "Loveable" and became a co-host of "My Myx", reuniting with long time onscreen friend and nemesis Olivia Speranza. Continuing his act on stage, James was featured in an Asian American modern-day comedy, "Ching Chong Chinaman". Not shy from the spotlight, he can be found as a standup comic at different events and venues, such as the Asian Heritage Street Celebration, and many other fundraising benefits.

</doc>
<doc id="20102501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102501" title="A. Clarke (Leicestershire cricketer)">
A. Clarke (Leicestershire cricketer)

A. Clarke (first name and dates of birth and death unknown) was an English cricketer. Clarke's batting style is unknown, though it is known he was a right-arm fast bowler.
Clarke made a single first-class appearance for Leicestershire against Essex in the 1902 County Championship at Aylestone Road, Leicester. In this match, he took the wickets of Gilbert Tosetti and Bill Reeves in Essex's first-innings, finishing with figures of 2/70 from 19 overs. In a match which was heavily affected by rain, Clarke wasn't called upon to bat.

</doc>
<doc id="20102512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102512" title="List of Newcastle University people">
List of Newcastle University people

This article is a list of people associated with Newcastle University as either a student or teacher.

</doc>
<doc id="20102549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102549" title="List of fashion magazines">
List of fashion magazines

This is a list of notable fashion magazines.
! Name || Country || Year || Websites

</doc>
<doc id="20102550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102550" title="Aladdin (food &amp; beverage containers)">
Aladdin (food &amp; beverage containers)

Aladdin is a brand,over 100 years old, made popular for its line of character lunchboxes including Hopalong Cassady, Superman, Mickey Mouse and The Jetsons. Today Aladdin continues to be a food and beverage products brand and is owned by Pacific Market International, LLC out of Seattle, WA.
History.
In 1908, Victor S. Johnson, Sr. a soap salesman, in Chicago, IL, became interested in kerosene mantle burners. Dissatisfied with the available kerosene lamps of the time, Johnson began selling US made mantle lamps. He incorporated his lamp sales business and called the company the Mantle Lamp Company of America. In 1912 the company began manufacturing mantle lamps that gave off a steady white light without smoke. They called these lamps Aladdin lamps after the magical lamp and wish-granting genie in the children’s story. 
In 1917, Johnson diversified the company’s offerings and began producing insulated cooking dishes, known at the time as Aladdin Thermalware jars. These Thermalware jars were the company’s first venture into heat and cold retaining dishes and are early cousins of the products in use today. In 1919, Johnson moved these jars into a new subsidiary he called Aladdin Industries. This subsidiary offered thermalware jars and vacuum ware and successfully sold and manufactured these products from 1919-1943. 
In 1943, Victor S. Johnson, Sr. died and his son Victor S. Johnson, Jr. took over as president of Aladdin Industries, Inc. In 1949, in an effort to centralize operations, Johnson Jr. moved Aladdin’s offices and manufacturing facilities to Nashville, TN.
Lunch.
Under Victor Johnson Jr’s management, Aladdin began producing metal lunch boxes in the 40's. By the 50's Aladdin was an industry leader in this category and would remain so for the next 30 years. Aladdin’s dominance in lunch products resulted from a strategic move in the early 50s to license popular character images on its products. Hopalong Cassidy was the first character licensed product and in its first year, sales went from 50,000 units to 600,000 units. It can be said that Aladdin had struck a chord with consumers nationwide. 
In 1965 Aladdin Industries expanded their product line through the acquisition of the Stanley Bottle operation. This move helped solidify the company’s position in the food and beverage container category by deepening their line of steel offerings. Around this time, Aladdin started another subsidiary, called Aladdin Synergetics, which produced meal trays for hospitals, airlines and prisons. This subsidiary was later sold in 1998 to Welbit Corporation.
80’s - Today.
During the 80's and 90's Aladdin continued to grow and by the mid 90's its Nashville, TN operation grew to employ 1100 employees. At this time, foam insulated mugs grew in popularity and Aladdin’s products were sold in grocery chains nationwide. Unfortunately, during this time, it can be argued that Aladdin suffered from mis-management and high operation costs forcing Aladdin to close their Nashville plant in 2002. 
Recognizing the value of the Aladdin brand, and determined to bring new life to the iconic brand, Seattle based company Pacific Market International, LLC purchased the Aladdin brand in 2002. Since then the brand has expanded to now offer a wide assortment of food and beverage products including recycled mugs.

</doc>
<doc id="20102556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102556" title="Alejandro Allub">
Alejandro Allub

Alejandro Allub (born 1 December 1976, Córdoba) is a former Argentine rugby union footballer. He played as a lock. He works as a pediatrician.
Career.
Allub played for Jockey Club, in Córdoba, Argentina, and for USA Perpignan, in France. He received 29 caps for Argentina, from 1997 to 2001, scoring 1 try, 5 points in aggregate. He was a member of the "Pumas" squad that participated at the 1999 Rugby World Cup finals, playing five matches and scoring the single try of his international career.
Allub had to leave high competition in 2001 after experiencing health problems.

</doc>
<doc id="20102558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102558" title="John Burdett (cricketer)">
John Burdett (cricketer)

John Burdett (August 16, 1888 — April 16, 1974) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman who played for Leicestershire. He was born in Blaby and died in Melton Mowbray.
Burdett made a single first-class appearance for the team, against Northamptonshire in 1919. From the middle order, he scored a duck in the first innings in which he batted, and a single run in the second.

</doc>
<doc id="20102575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102575" title="Bethesda Meeting House">
Bethesda Meeting House

The Bethesda Meeting House (BMH) is a historic Presbyterian church complex located at Bethesda, Montgomery County, Maryland, USA. It is situated on Maryland Route 355 (known as Rockville Pike at this point) just inside the Capital Beltway.
Description.
The BMH property includes the 1850 meeting house itself, the mid-late 19th century parsonage to the south, and the associated cemetery. The church is a large, wood-frame structure built in the Greek Revival "temple" form, although it features Gothic-style windows throughout. To the south of the church is a two-story frame Victorian parsonage built on a cruciform plan, with some Queen Anne-style embellishments.
History.
The church was constructed on the foundation of an 1820 Presbyterian church which burned down in 1849. It served as the Bethesda Presbyterian Church from 1850 until 1925 when the congregation decided to erect a new church on Wilson Lane, farther south in Bethesda. When the church moved to its new location in 1925, the trustees sold the building and of land to Mrs. May Fitch Kelley. The Presbyterian congregation, however, retained ownership of the cemetery.
Mrs. Kelly lived in the church building for many years. In 1945, the property was sold to a Catholic missionary group known as the "White Fathers of Africa". In the 1950s, the property was transferred again, this time to the trustees of the Temple Hill Baptist Church, and it is still open for Sunday services to all who wish to worship there.

</doc>
<doc id="20102576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102576" title="Audenshaw railway station">
Audenshaw railway station

Audenshaw railway station served the Audenshaw area of Greater Manchester, then part of the county of Lancashire in England. The station was originally called Hooley Hill (Guide Bridge) as the original Audenshaw station opened by the London and North Western Railway closed in 1905.
History.
Opened by the London and North Western Railway, it became part of the London Midland and Scottish Railway. The line then passed on to the London Midland Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948. The station was then closed by British Railways in 1950.

</doc>
<doc id="20102584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102584" title="Hua'an County">
Hua'an County

The county comprises most of the lower watershed of the Jiulong River's north branch (九龙江北溪) and has long been a transport corridor. The first rail connection to the port of Xiamen, laid during the Great Leap Forward era, came down this valley. 
The county seat is Huafeng (华丰镇). East of there, up a tributary valley, is Xiandu town (仙都镇), which features some prime examples of Tulou and Fujian Tulou. 

</doc>
<doc id="20102608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102608" title="54 Leonis">
54 Leonis

54 Leonis A/B is a binary star in the Leo constellation. It is located about 290 lightyears or 89 parsecs from the Earth.
This star has 2.59 times the mass of the Sun, with a projected rotational velocity of . Asteroid 729 Watsonia Occults HIP 53417 2013 Mar 03 01:48.

</doc>
<doc id="20102612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102612" title="Ortiguera">
Ortiguera

Ortiguera, Spain is a fishing village which has about one thousand inhabitants and belongs to the municipality of Coaña, Asturias, Spain. Among its notable locales are the lighthouse, the Chapel of St. Augustine (from the seventeenth century) and the coastside scenery.
The name Ortiguera comes from the word "ortiga", which is nettle in Spanish. Originally it was called "Ortigal", then "Ortigueral", and finally, Ortiguera. Ortiguera dates approximately from the fourteenth century. The town has a small port, a beach, and many houses. In Ortiguera four celebrations are celebrated: El Carmen, in July, San Agustín, La Caridad, and La Jira in the first weekend of September.

</doc>
<doc id="20102622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102622" title="McLaren M12">
McLaren M12

The McLaren M12 was an open-cockpit racing car developed by Bruce McLaren Motor Racing in 1969, solely for the purpose of selling to customers in the Can-Am series. The M12 combined elements from two of McLaren's previous efforts, the M6 series and the M8 series. One of the more notable owners of an M12 was Chaparral Cars, who used the McLaren in the early 1969 Can-Am season while their own model's development had been delayed.
Development.
The M12s were intended as McLaren's first customer cars based on the M8As which the team had successfully used to win the 1968 Can-Am season, as well as the M8Bs which the team were developing for 1969. However, the M12s did not share everything from the M8 series. Instead, the monocoque chassis were actually based on the early M6 series initially developed in 1967. On top of this chassis, the aerodynamic bodywork of the M8A was added. The engine bays were specifically designed to house a Chevrolet V8 engine, but several customers opted for other manufacturers. All M12s were built by Trojan, rather than at McLaren's racing headquarters
Several M12s were later modified by customers in order to cope with necessary demands. Many Can-Am M12 customers added larger rear wings for better downforce, in an attempt to keep up with competitors which had already done the same. Two M12s were imported to Japan by Toyota and received revised bodywork to allow better results at Japanese circuits as well as to fit company's own V8 engine. M12 owner Phil Scragg modified his car with smaller M6 bodywork for use in hillclimb events. One final M12 was used by Trojan to develop a street legal coupé for Canadian André Fournier.
Racing history.
As the 1969 season began, several teams had already purchased the M12. United States McLaren distributor Lothar Motschenbacher entered an M12 for himself, while Canadian George Eaton received an M12 the same week as the first event of the season. John Surtees, unhappy with the visibility on Chaparral's new 2H model, demanded the team buy him a McLaren until the 2H could be modified to suit him. Team owner Jim Hall reluctantly bought Surtees an M12, and the team used it in the beginning of the season until the 2H met Surtees satisfaction. Surtees M12 was able to lead several laps at the opening event at Mosport and finished on the podium. When Surtees became ill mid-season Italian Formula 5000 driver Andrea de Adamich was given a chance to drive the M12 at Michigan. Eaton was the only other driver able to finish on the podium in an M12 over the rest of the season, finishing third at Edmonton and second at Texas.
In Japan, Toyota made the decision to purchase and import two M12s. Toyota was in the midst of racing against Nissan, Isuzu, and Porsche in several Japanese Group 7 races, but Nissan had so far been unmatched. Toyota was already developing their own model, the 7, but the company also chose to install their V8 engine into the M12 chassis. The M12s were still unable to match the Nissans, and following several accidents and deaths of test drivers in developments of the 7 in 1969 and 1970, Toyota withdrew from motorsports and their M12s were retired. Other Japanese teams imported the M12, but opted instead for the standard Chevrolet powerplant.
The M12s continued to be used by customer teams into the 1970s, both in Can-Am and the new European Interserie championship, but newer M8-based cars became available each year and eventually replaced the M12s in the field.

</doc>
<doc id="20102648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102648" title="Cortina Systems">
Cortina Systems

Cortina Systems, Inc. is a supplier of integrated circuits (ICs) for broadband communications founded in 2001. It is based in California.
History.
Amir Nayyerhabibi (President and CEO), Zino Chair (Vice President Marketing) and Hojjat Salemi (CTO) founded Cortina Systems, Inc in 2001 in the Menlo Park, California library, located in Silicon Valley. It is a private company which employs over 300 people worldwide.
It has development centers in USA, Canada, China, Taiwan, Israel.
Products.
Cortina’s product line spans computer and telecommunication networking: the company has products for core, enterprise, metropolitan high-speed networks, as well as products for the digital home networks. Products include: 
In 2006 it announced the Interlaken protocol with Cisco Systems.
Manufacturing.
Cortina is a fabless semiconductor company. It outsources all semiconductor manufacturing to merchant foundries. The company is based in Sunnyvale, California. It also has other research and development sites in Hsinchu (Taiwan), Ottawa (Canada), Raleigh (USA) and Shanghai (China).
Acquisitions.
Cortina has acquired several companies.

</doc>
<doc id="20102674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102674" title="Daniel Wilkinson (murderer)">
Daniel Wilkinson (murderer)

Daniel Wilkinson (c. 1845 – November 21, 1885) was the last person to be executed by Maine. He was hanged for the murder of a police officer after a burglary in Bath, Maine.
In the early morning hours of September 4, 1883, Wilkinson and his accomplice John Ewitt were caught attempting to break into the D.C. Gould Ship Chandlery and Provision Store in Bath. As Wilkinson and Ewitt were running away from one police officer, they collided with Constable William Lawrence. Wilkinson immediately shot Lawrence in the head with a .32 caliber revolver.
Wilkinson was arrested in Bangor, Maine less than a week after the incident and was charged with murder on September 11, 1883. It was discovered that Wilkinson was an escapee from the Maine State Prison. Ewitt had travelled to England; his extradition was never sought by Maine. Wilkinson's trial began in the Bath Superior Court on January 4, 1884. He was convicted by the jury of first degree murder on January 7, 1884 and was sentenced by the judge to death by hanging.
The death sentence was carried out at the Maine State Prison in Thomaston on November 21, 1885. Wilkinson did not die instantly from the hanging but slowly died of strangulation. The nature of Wilkinson's death, which was similar to the executions of two other inmates the previous April, was used by anti-death penalty activists to argue that Maine should abolish the death penalty, which it did in 1887.

</doc>
<doc id="20102683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102683" title="James Maryanski">
James Maryanski

James Maryanski (born ) is the Biotechnology Coordinator for the Food and Drug Administration's Center for Food Safety and Applied Nutrition. He began working for the FDA in 1977 and became acting Coordinator for biotechnology policy in 1986.
Education.
Maryanski received a BSc in microbiology from Ohio State University, in 1965 after which he was briefly employed by the US Public Health Service in Ohio. Maryanski received a PhD in 1972 from the University of New Hampshire where he had studied microbiology, molecular biology, and marine science.
He then spent four years at the National Institute for Dental Research, of the National Institutes of Health, investigating carbohydrate transport and cell adhesion in dental micro-organisms. Dr Maryanski regularly serves as an expert consultant on food biotechnology representing the FDA in varying capacities.
Focus on genetically modified food.
Maryanski has spoken sidely on genetically modified food and medicine. He has championed Calgene's Flavr Savr tomato and other genetically modified food products, noting that all crops have been subject to some form of genetic modification, either through traditional methods or newer techniques of isolating specific genes.
Awards.
He has received the FDA Commissioner's Special Citation and Commendable Service Awards for his work in food biotechnology.
External links.
1999 testimony on GMO safety

</doc>
<doc id="20102702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102702" title="Phil Nicholson">
Phil Nicholson

Philip D. Nicholson is a Professor of Astronomy at Cornell University in the Astronomy department specialising in Planetary Sciences. He has been editor-in-chief of the journal "Icarus" since 1998.
Career.
Nicholson received his Ph.D. from Caltech in 1979. Nicholson's research centers on two main areas: Orbital dynamics in planetary ring systems and infrared observational studies of planets, their satellites, and their rings. His work has included studies of the ring systems of Saturn, Uranus, and Neptune via Voyager observations and ground-based stellar occultations; Earth-based observations with the 5-meter Hale telescope at Palomar Observatory of several small moons of Jupiter and Saturn discovered by the Voyager spacecraft; dynamical investigations of the planetary system around the pulsar PSR 1257 + 12, and of the rotational evolution of natural satellites; and studies of the zodiacal dust bands discovered by the Infrared Astronomical Satellite in 1983. Together with colleagues in Canada and at Harvard, he has been involved in the discovery of numerous outer satellites of Uranus, Saturn and Neptune. Nicholson is a member of the Visual Infrared Mapping Spectrometer science team on the NASA/ESA Cassini–Huygens mission to Saturn, and was the leader of a team of Cornell and Caltech astronomers studying the impact of Comet Shoemaker-Levy 9 into Jupiter in July 1994 using the Hale Telescope. He has served on the Committees on Planetary and Lunar Exploration and on Astronomy and Astrophysics of the National Research Council, time assignment committees for the Kuiper Airborne Observatory and Hubble Space Telescope, and scientific advisory committees for Arecibo and IPAC. He has coauthored review articles on planetary ring dynamics and on the Uranian and Neptunian ring systems.

</doc>
<doc id="20102704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102704" title="Schmeeckle Reserve (Stevens Point, Wisconsin)">
Schmeeckle Reserve (Stevens Point, Wisconsin)

Schmeeckle Reserve is a natural land area located on the University of Wisconsin–Stevens Point, in Stevens Point, Wisconsin, United States. It contains hiking trails, natural land area, a visitor center, multiple habitats, abundant wildlife and a manmade lake. "The Reserve was created to protect and restore native ecological communities, serve as an outdoor classroom for students and teachers, and provide recreational opportunities to all visitors."
History.
Before 1956 the current Schmeeckle Reserve was farmland (corn and grain) and grazing (dairy cattle) land. This land, however was not fertile enough to support a large plant population for agriculture due to bedrock close to the surface, making some areas too wet or dry to support crops. By the 1950s several farmers had abandoned their efforts to make the ground agriculturally productive (abandoned machinery and building foundations are still visible onsite). The University began purchasing this land, which is located north and east of campus, in 1956, and initially used it as a picnic area. Students from the University's Conservation Department were called out to fight fires many times, and their furrows which they dug to help stop the fires can still be seen weaving through the reserve. By 1969 the University owned a total of of land, and there was debate on whether to use it for residence halls, housing for married students, athletic fields, or other options. In 1974 the University proposed to use this land for a natural area and hiking trails, with an arboretum. At that time the area presently covered by Lake Joanis was not part of the University's holdings.
Creation of Lake Joanis.
At about the same time that the University was proposing its natural area plan, Sentry Insurance, a nationwide company headquartered in Stevens Point, proposed building a new office building on the next major street north of the University campus. The company's environmental impact statement found that the building would significantly increase vehicle traffic on Reserve Street, which ran through the campus at that time. To reduce the danger that this increase would pose to the University's students, the company proposed closing that street and extending Michigan Avenue through the proposed natural area to replace Reserve Street. At first this proposal brought heated resistance, since it would split the natural area, so a compromise was reached: the construction would require significant soil, which was to be excavated from a 50-acre tract east of the University's acreage. The company would leave that excavation open (it would eventually fill with groundwater, creating an artificial lake), and would deed the tract to the University to be added to the proposed nature holdings.
The University agreed with this proposal, and public opposition was calmed. The road extension was completed in 1975. The resulting lake, which covered 24 of the site's 50 acres, was officially named Lake Joanis in 1994, after Sentry Insurance President John Joanis, who paid for its excavation.
Creation of the Reserve.
Schmeeckle Reserve was established in 1976 with a $250,000 Land and Water Conservation (LAWCON) Grant. The with Lake Joanis was included within the reserve at this time. The Reserve's first Director was Ron Zimmerman (1977). One of his first acts was to work for the purchase of an adjacent (20 acres) farm, that was once owned by the Edward Wojcik family. The Wojcik's ranch home was converted into the Visitor Center by students from the University over a three-year period, finishing by 1979. By 1981 the LAWCON funds had paid for over five miles of trails and boardwalks, fitness trails and the shelter building
Expansion.
Over the years, Schmeeckle Reserve has continued to expand its facilities and resources. When the Wisconsin Conservation Hall of Fame was created in 1984, Schmeeckle Reserve became its new home. In 1990, the Hall of Fame constructed a new addition to the Visitor Center with funding from the city's Motel Room tax and more LAWCON funding. Included in the addition was a walk-through exhibit area, formal Hall of Fame gallery, meeting room and sign-making workshop.
With the 1998 acquisition of the 75-acre Berard Oaks area at the northeast corner of the Reserve, Schmeeckle has grown to 280 acres. The Reserve continues to evolve, as new trails are developed, further land acquisitions are sought, and prairie and oak savannah habitats are restored.
Fred Schmeeckle.
Fred Schmeeckle, the namesake of the reserve, was a professor from Nebraska who taught at the Stevens Point Normal School beginning in 1923. He taught agriculture but was also a supporter of conservation education, "the destruction of forests, pollution of water, and misuse of wildlife areas are factors that started me thinking something should be done to educate people in the wise use of resources." In the early 1930s Schmeeckle began teaching conservation courses. This program is now the largest undergraduate natural resources program of its kind in the nation. Schmeeckle took his classes on walks and on bird watching trips to the natural area north of the campus, which is now where the reserve is located. In 1954 Schmeeckle said, "Some day this area will serve as an island of green in the city of Stevens Point." He had it right and his island of green is now named for him.
Plant and animal life.
The habitats within the Reserve are many and varied. Cattails, pine, oak and deciduous forests are found. Wildlife common to the reserve 'but not limited to' include frogs, deer, rabbits, squirrels, turtles, snakes, geese and ducks.

</doc>
<doc id="20102710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102710" title="Non-structured programming">
Non-structured programming

Non-structured programming is the historically earliest programming paradigm capable of creating Turing-complete algorithms. It has been followed historically by procedural programming and then object-oriented programming, both of them considered as structured programming. 
Unstructured programming has been heavily criticized for producing hardly-readable ("spaghetti") code and is sometimes considered a bad approach for creating major projects, but had been praised for the freedom it offers to programmers and has been compared to how Mozart wrote music.
There are both high- and low-level programming languages that use non-structured programming. These include early versions of BASIC (such as MSX BASIC and GW-BASIC), JOSS, FOCAL, MUMPS, TELCOMP, COBOL, machine-level code, early assembler systems (without procedural metaoperators), assembler debuggers and some scripting languages such as MS-DOS batch file language.
Features and typical concepts.
Basic concepts.
A program in a non-structured language usually consists of sequentially ordered commands, or statements, usually one in each line. The lines are usually numbered or may have labels: this allows the flow of execution to jump to any line in the program.
Non-structured programming introduces basic control flow concepts such as loops, branches and jumps. Although there is no concept of procedures in the non-structured paradigm, subroutines are allowed. Unlike a procedure, a subroutine may have several entry and exit points, and a direct jump into or out of subroutine is (theoretically) allowed. This flexibility allows realization of coroutines.
There is no concept of local variables in non-structured programming (although for assembly programs, general purpose registers may serve the same purpose after saving on entry), but labels and variables can have a limited area of effect (For example, a group of lines). This means there is no (automatic) context refresh when calling a subroutine, so all variables might retain their values from the previous call. This makes general recursion difficult, but some cases of recursion--where no subroutine state values are needed after the recursive call--are possible if variables dedicated to the recursive subroutine are explicitly cleared (or re-initialized to their original value) on entry to the subroutine. The depth of nesting also may be limited to one or two levels.
Data types.
Non-structured languages allow only basic data types, such as numbers, strings and arrays (numbered sets of variables of the same type). The introduction of arrays into non-structured languages was a notable step forward, making stream data processing possible despite the lack of structured data types.

</doc>
<doc id="20102722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102722" title="Bethesda Theatre">
Bethesda Theatre

The Bethesda Theatre, constructed in 1938, is a historic Streamline Moderne movie theater located at 7719 Wisconsin Avenue (MD 355), Bethesda, Maryland, United States. It is a multi-level building composed of rectangular blocks: an auditorium block and a lower street-front lobby and entrance block, including shops. The theatre retains its original configuration of lobby, foyer, lounges, and auditorium. Many original interior finishes, including painted murals, remain intact, with the exception of the original seating. It was designed by the firm of the world-renowned "Dean of American Theatre Architects," John Eberson.
In 1983 it re-opened as the "Bethesda Cinima and Drafthouse" showing movies on a single screen and serving food and beer. In 1990 it changed its name to the "Bethesda Theatre Cafe". In 2007 it underwent a major renovation and became a venue for theatrical productions. Currently it is owned by the Bethesda Cultural Alliance but is set to be auctioned off on June 29, 2010.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="20102750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102750" title="Morane-Saulnier BB">
Morane-Saulnier BB

__NOTOC__
The Morane-Saulnier BB was a military observation aircraft produced in France during World War I for use by Britain's Royal Flying Corps. It was a conventional single-bay biplane design with seating for the pilot and observer in tandem, open cockpits. The original order called for 150 aircraft powered by 110-hp Le Rhône engines, but shortages meant that most of the 94 aircraft eventually built were delivered with the 80 hp Le Rhônes instead. A water-cooled Hispano-Suiza engine was trialled as an alternative in the Type BH, but this remained experimental only.
The type equipped a number of RFC and RNAS squadrons both in its original observation role and, equipped with a forward-firing Lewis gun mounted on the top wing, as a fighter.

</doc>
<doc id="20102783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102783" title="Handling the Undead">
Handling the Undead

Handling the Undead () is a 2005 horror novel by Swedish writer John Ajvide Lindqvist, translated into English in 2009. The book revolves around the unexplained reanimation of thousands of recently deceased people in Stockholm, Sweden.
The plot focuses on the reactions of society and the many conflicts that arise between Swedish authorities and the relatives of the undead; the horror is less in the uncanny animation of corpses but in the realities of grief, loss and our own inevitable mortality. An important theme is the bond between parents and children.
Film adaptation.
A Swedish film adaptation has reportedly been in development since 2005, based on a screenplay by Lindqvist and directed by Kristian Petri. It is produced by Tre Vänner Produktion AB and the release date is yet to be announced.

</doc>
<doc id="20102787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102787" title="Georgia State Route 208">
Georgia State Route 208

State Route 208 (SR 208) is a state highway is located in the west-central part of the U.S. state of Georgia. It runs from a point approximately halfway between Columbus and Hamilton. Its routing is located within portions of Harris, Talbot, and Taylor.
Route description.
SR 208 begins at an intersection with US 27/SR 1, south-southeast of Hamilton. It heads southeast to Waverly Hall, where it intersects US 27 Alternate/SR 85 (Warm Springs Road). Northeast of Waverly Hall, SR 208 enters Talbot County and meets SR 36. About before entering Talbotton, it intersects SR 315 (Ellerslie Highway). In Talbotton, the road briefly runs concurrent with US 80/SR 22/SR 41. At the eastern end of the concurrency, SR 208 runs concurrent with SR 90. To the east, it enters Taylor County and intersects US 19/SR 3, north of Butler. SR 208 continues to the east until it meets its eastern terminus, an intersection with SR 137, northeast of Butler.
SR 208 is not part of the National Highway System, a system of roadways important to the nation's economy, defense, and mobility.

</doc>
<doc id="20102830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102830" title="Bingham-Brewer House">
Bingham-Brewer House

The Bingham-Brewer House is a historic home located at Rockville, Montgomery County, Maryland, United States. It is a two-story brick house, with a Flemish Bond front facade, dating to 1821. Also on the property is a late-19th century smokehouse, privy, and a late-19th or early-20th century chicken house. 
The Bingham-Brewer House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="20102916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102916" title="José Varacka">
José Varacka

José Varacka (born 27 May 1932 in Buenos Aires) is a former Argentine football player and coach.
Club career.
Varacka played for three of the big five teams in Argentina. He started his career in 1952 with Independiente. In 1954 he played and scored in a famous 6–0 win over Real Madrid. He joined River Plate in 1960 where he played for six seasons.
In 1966 Varacka joined San Lorenzo de Almagro and after one season with the club he would down his career at Colo-Colo in Chile and then Miraflores in Peru.
International career.
Varacka played in the 1958 and 1966 editions of the FIFA World Cup. He played in the Copa América 1956 and 1959. He also played in the 1964 Copa de Las Naciones, played in Brazil.
Managerial career.
Varacka started his managerial career with Gimnasia y Esgrima de La Plata in 1968. He went on to serve as the manager of Boca Juniors and River Plate. he won two Colombian league titles during his four spells as manager of Atlético Junior (1977 & 1980). In 1981 his Argentinos Juniors team dramatically avoided relegation on the last day of the season by beating his former team San Lorenzo 1–0, causing their relegation instead. Varacka also managed the Argentine national team in the 1974 world cup alongside Vladislao Cap.

</doc>
<doc id="20102947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102947" title="United States presidential election, 2012">
United States presidential election, 2012

The United States presidential election of 2012 was the 57th quadrennial presidential election. It was held on Tuesday, November 6, 2012. The Democratic nominee, incumbent President Barack Obama, and his running mate, Vice President Joe Biden, were re-elected to a second term, defeating the Republican nominee, former Governor of Massachusetts Mitt Romney, and his running mate, Representative Paul Ryan of Wisconsin.
As the incumbent president, Obama secured the Democratic nomination with no serious opposition. The Republican Party was more fractured; Mitt Romney was consistently competitive in the polls, but faced challenges from a number of more conservative contenders whose popularity each fluctuated, often besting Romney's. Romney effectively secured the nomination by early May as the economy improved, albeit at a persistently laggard rate. The campaign was marked by a sharp rise in fundraising, including from new nominally independent Super PACs. The campaigns focused heavily on domestic issues: debate centered largely around sound responses to the Great Recession in terms of economic recovery and job creation. Other issues included long-term federal budget issues, the future of social insurance programs, and the Affordable Care Act. Foreign policy was also discussed including the phase-out of the Iraq War, the size of and spending on the military, preventing Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons, and appropriate counteractions to terrorism.
Obama would go on to win a decisive victory over Romney, winning both the popular vote and the electoral college, with 332 electoral votes to Romney's 206. He became the eleventh President and third Democrat to win a majority of the popular vote more than once. Obama carried all states and districts (among states that allocate electoral votes by district) that he had won in the 2008 presidential election except North Carolina, Indiana, and Nebraska's 2nd congressional district.
Electoral college changes.
The 2010 Census changed the electoral vote apportionment for the presidential elections from 2012 to 2020 in the states listed below:
Eight states (Arizona, Florida, Georgia, Nevada, South Carolina, Texas, Utah, and Washington) gained votes due to reapportionment based on the 2010 Census. Ten states (Illinois, Iowa, Louisiana, Massachusetts, Michigan, Missouri, New Jersey, New York, Ohio, and Pennsylvania) lost votes. This gave the Democratic Party a net loss of six electoral votes in states won by Democratic nominees in the previous three presidential elections, rendering the party a national total of 242 electoral votes. Conversely, the Republican Party achieved a net gain of six electoral votes in states won by Republican nominees in the previous three presidential elections, rendering the Republican Party a national total of 180 electoral votes.
State changes to voter registration and electoral rules.
In 2011, several state legislatures passed new voting laws, especially pertaining to voter identification, with the stated purpose of combating voter fraud; the laws were attacked, however, by the Democratic Party as attempts to suppress voting among its supporters and to improve the Republican Party's presidential prospects. Florida, Georgia, Ohio, Tennessee, and West Virginia's state legislatures approved measures to shorten early voting periods. Florida and Iowa barred all felons from voting. Kansas, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas and Wisconsin state legislatures passed laws requiring voters to have government-issued IDs before they could cast their ballots. This meant, typically, that people without driver's licenses or passports had to gain new forms of ID. Obama, the NAACP, and the Democratic Party fought against many of the new state laws. Former President Bill Clinton denounced them, saying, "There has never been in my lifetime, since we got rid of the poll tax and all the Jim Crow burdens on voting, the determined effort to limit the franchise that we see today". He was referring to Jim Crow laws passed in southern states near the turn of the twentieth century that disfranchised most blacks from voting and excluded them from the political process for more than six decades. Clinton said the moves would effectively disfranchise core voter blocs that trend liberal, including college students, Blacks, and Latinos. "Rolling Stone" magazine criticized the American Legislative Exchange Council for lobbying in states to bring about these laws, to "solve" a problem that does not exist. The Obama campaign fought against the Ohio law, pushing for a petition and statewide referendum to repeal it in time for the 2012 election.
In addition, the Pennsylvania legislature proposed a plan to change its representation in the electoral college from the traditional winner-take-all model to a district-by-district model. As the governorship and both houses of its legislature were Republican-controlled, the move was viewed by some as an attempt to reduce Democratic chances.
Nominations.
Democratic Party.
Primaries.
With an incumbent president running for re-election against token opposition, the race for the Democratic nomination was largely uneventful. The nomination process consisted of primaries and caucuses, held by the 50 states, as well as Guam, Puerto Rico, Washington, D.C., U.S. Virgin Islands, American Samoa, and the Northern Mariana Islands. Additionally, high-ranking party members known as superdelegates each received one vote in the convention. A few of the primary challengers surpassed the president's vote total in individual counties in several of the seven contested primaries, though none made a significant impact in the delegate count. Running unopposed everywhere else, President Obama cemented his status as the Democratic presumptive nominee on April 3, 2012 by securing the minimum number of pledged delegates needed to obtain the nomination.
Republican Party.
Primaries.
Candidates with considerable name recognition who entered the race for the Republican presidential nomination in the early stages of the primary campaign included Representative and former Libertarian nominee Ron Paul, former Governor Tim Pawlenty, who co-chaired John McCain's campaign in 2008, former Governor Mitt Romney, the runner-up for the nomination in the 2008 cycle, and former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich.
The first debate took place on May 5, 2011 in Greenville, South Carolina, with businessman Herman Cain, former New Mexico Governor Gary Johnson, Ron Paul, Tim Pawlenty, and former Pennsylvania Senator Rick Santorum participating. Another debate took place a month later, with Newt Gingrich, Mitt Romney, former Utah Governor Jon Huntsman, and Rep. Michele Bachmann participating, and Gary Johnson excluded. A total of thirteen debates were held before the Iowa caucuses.
The first major event of the campaign was the Ames Straw Poll, which took place in Iowa on August 13, 2011. Michele Bachmann won the straw poll (this ultimately proved to be the acme of her campaign). Pawlenty withdrew from the race after a poor showing in the straw poll, as did Thaddeus McCotter, the only candidate among those who qualified for the ballot who was refused entrance into the debate.
It became clear at around this point in the nomination process that while Romney was considered to be the likely nominee by the Republican establishment, a large segment of the conservative primary electorate found him to be too moderate for their political views. As a result, a number of potential "anti-Romney" candidates were put forward, including Donald Trump, Sarah Palin, Michele Bachmann, and Texas Governor Rick Perry, the last of whom decided to run in August 2011. Perry did poorly in the debates, however, and Herman Cain and then Newt Gingrich came into the fore in October and November.
Due to a number of scandals, Cain withdrew just before the end of the year, after having gotten on the ballot in several states. Around the same time, Johnson, who had been able to get into only one other debate, withdrew to seek the Libertarian Party nomination.
For the first time in modern Republican Party history, three different candidates won the first three primary contests in January (Iowa, New Hampshire, and South Carolina). Although Romney had been expected to win in at least Iowa and New Hampshire, Rick Santorum won Iowa by 34 votes, Newt Gingrich won South Carolina by a surprisingly large margin, and Romney won only in New Hampshire.
A number of candidates dropped out at this point in the nomination process. Bachmann withdrew after finishing sixth in the Iowa caucuses, Huntsman withdrew after coming in third in New Hampshire, and Perry withdrew when polls showed him drawing low numbers in South Carolina.
Santorum, who had previously run an essentially one-state campaign in Iowa, was able to organize a national campaign after his surprising victory in Iowa. He unexpectedly carried three states in a row on February 7 and overtook Romney in nationwide opinion polls, becoming the only candidate in the race to effectively challenge the notion that Romney was the inevitable nominee. However, Romney won all of the other contests between South Carolina and the Super Tuesday primaries, and regained his first-place status in nationwide opinion polls by the end of February.
The Super Tuesday primaries took place on March 6. Romney carried six states, Santorum carried three, and Gingrich won only in his home state of Georgia. Throughout the rest of March, 266 delegates were allocated in 12 events, including the territorial contests and the first local conventions that allocated delegates (Wyoming's county conventions). Santorum won Kansas and three Southern primaries, but he was unable to make any substantial gain on Romney, who became a formidable frontrunner after securing more than half of the delegates allocated in March.
On April 10, Santorum suspended his campaign due to a variety of reasons, such as a low delegate count, unfavorable polls in his home state of Pennsylvania, and his daughter's health, leaving Mitt Romney as the undisputed front-runner for the presidential nomination and allowing Gingrich to claim that he was "the last conservative standing" in the campaign for the nomination. After disappointing results in the April 24 primaries (finishing second in one state, third in three, and fourth in one), Gingrich dropped out on May 2 in a move that was seen as an effective end to the nomination contest. After Gingrich's spokesman announced his upcoming withdrawal, the Republican National Committee declared Romney the party's presumptive nominee. Ron Paul officially remained in the race, but he stopped campaigning on May 14 to focus on state conventions.
On May 29, after winning the Texas primary, Romney had received a sufficient number of delegates to clinch the party's nomination with the inclusion of unpledged delegates. After winning the June 5 primaries in California and several other states, Romney had received more than enough pledged delegates to clinch the nomination without counting unpledged delegates, making the June 26 Utah Primary, the last contest of the cycle, purely symbolic. CNN's final delegate estimate, released on July 27, 2012, put Romney at 1,462 pledged delegates and 62 unpledged delegates, for a total estimate of 1,524 delegates. No other candidate had unpledged delegates. The delegate estimates for the other candidates were Santorum at 261 delegates, Paul at 154, Gingrich at 142, Bachmann at 1, Huntsman at 1, and all others at 0.
On August 28, 2012, delegates at the Republican National Convention officially named Romney the party's presidential nominee. Romney formally accepted the delegates' nomination on August 30, 2012.
Third parties.
Libertarian Party.
Libertarian candidates:
The Libertarian Party nominated the Former Governor of New Mexico, Gary Johnson, for the Presidency, and nominated Johnson's selection California Judge James Gray for the Vice Presidency. Johnson and Gray received 1,275,951 votes "(0.99% of the National Popular vote)", the most garnered by the Libertarian Party in any presidential election up to that point; however, Ed Clark in 1980 did attain a higher "percentage" of the vote than Johnson did "(1.06%)".
Green Party.
Green candidates:
The Presidential Nomination of the Green Party was primarily fought for by two of its candidates, Jill Stein who was Chair of the Green-Rainbow Party in Massachusetts, and Roseanne Barr a noted Comedian. While Barr unexpectedly proved to be a formidable opponent for Stein, her campaign was fatally injured when she lost the party's California presidential primary. While Stein managed to comfortably carry the nomination at Baltimore, Barr sought and later attained the Peace and Freedom Party's nomination. Cheri Honkala, and anti-poverty advocate from Pennsylvania, was nominated to be Stein's running-mate. Stein and Honkala received 469,583 votes "(0.36% of the National Popular vote)".
Constitution Party.
Constitution candidates:
Initially there was little challenge against Virgil Goode, who had only declared his intention to run for the nomination in February. At the Party's convention in Nashville however Darrell Castle, who had been the party's nominee for the Vice Presidency in 2008, decided to run himself at the urging of a number of the delegates present, despite his prior promises to both Goode and Robby Wells that he had no intention of seeking the nomination. Virgil Goode managed to attain the nomination on the first ballot, just barely attaining a majority of the vote. Jim Clymer, who up to that time was the Chairman of the Constitution Party, was named his running mate. Goode and Clymer received 122,001 votes "(0.09% of the National Popular vote)".
Justice Party.
Justice candidate:
The Justice Party nominated its prime founder, former Mayor Rocky Anderson, as its Presidential nominee in its first election to that office. Luis J. Rodriguez, a noted poet and novelist, was selected to be his running-mate in the election. Anderson and Rodriguez received 43,011 votes "(0.03% of the National Popular vote)".
Campaigns.
Ballot access.
All other candidates were on the ballots of fewer than 10 states, and less than 20% of voters nationwide saw their names on the ballot.
Financing and advertising.
The United States presidential election of 2012 broke new records in financing, fundraising, and negative campaigning. Through grass-roots campaign contributions, online donations, and Super PACs, Obama and Romney raised a combined total of more than two billion dollars. Super PACs constituted nearly one fourth of the total financing, with most of the total coming from pro-Romney PACs. Obama raised $690 million through online channels, beating his record of $500 million in 2008. Most of the advertising in the 2012 presidential campaign was decidedly negative: it was found that 80% of the ads put out by Obama and 84% of the ads put out by Romney were negative.
Debates.
The Commission on Presidential Debates held four debates during the last weeks of the campaign: three presidential and one vice-presidential. The major issues debated were the economy and jobs, the federal budget deficit, taxation and spending, the future of Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid, healthcare reform, education, social issues, immigration, and foreign policy.
Debate schedule:
An independent presidential debate featuring minor party candidates took place on Tuesday, October 23 at the Hilton Hotel in Chicago, Illinois. The debate was moderated by Larry King and organized by the Free and Equal Elections Foundation. The participants were Gary Johnson (Libertarian), Jill Stein (Green), Virgil Goode (Constitution), and Rocky Anderson (Justice). A second debate between Stein and Johnson took place on Monday, November 5 in Washington, D.C. It was hosted by RT and moderated by Thom Hartmann and Christina Tobin.
Results.
Popular vote totals are from the official Federal Election Commission report. The results of the electoral vote were certified by Congress on January 4, 2013.
Votes by states.
The table below displays the official vote tallies by state. The source for the results of all states, except those that amended their official results, is the official Federal Election Commission report. The column labeled "Margin" shows Obama's margin of victory over Romney (the margin is negative for states won by Romney).
Maine and Nebraska district results.
★Maine and Nebraska each allow for their electoral votes to be split between candidates. In the 2012 election, all four of Maine's electoral votes were won by Obama and all five of Nebraska's electoral votes were won by Romney. The following table records the official presidential vote tallies for Maine and Nebraska's congressional districts.
Close races.
Red font color denotes states (or congressional districts that contribute an electoral vote) won by Republican Mitt Romney; blue denotes those won by Democrat Barack Obama.
States where the margin of victory was under 5% (75 electoral votes):
States/districts where the margin of victory was between 5% and 10% (119 electoral votes):
Romney's concession.
After the networks called Ohio (the state that was arguably the most critical for Romney, as no Republican had ever won the election without carrying it) for Obama at around 11:15 PM EST on Election Day, Romney was ready to concede the race, but hesitated when Karl Rove strenuously objected on Fox News to the network's decision to make that call. However, after Colorado and Nevada were called for the President (giving Obama enough electoral votes to win even if Ohio were to leave his column), in tandem with Obama's apparent lead in Florida and Virginia (both were eventually called for Obama), Romney acknowledged that he had lost and conceded at around 1:00 AM EST on November 7.
Despite public polling showing Romney behind Obama in the swing states of Nevada, Colorado, Iowa, Wisconsin, Ohio, and New Hampshire, tied with Obama in Virginia, and just barely ahead of Obama in Florida, the Romney campaign said they were genuinely surprised by the loss, having believed that public polling was oversampling Democrats. The Romney campaign had already set up a transition website, and had scheduled and purchased a fireworks display to celebrate in case he won the election.
On November 30, 2012, it was revealed that shortly before the election, internal polling done by the Romney campaign had shown Romney ahead in Colorado and New Hampshire, tied in Iowa, and within a few points of Obama in Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, Minnesota, and Ohio. In addition, the Romney campaign had assumed that they would win Florida, North Carolina, and Virginia. The polls had made Romney and his campaign team so confident of their victory that Romney did not write a concession speech until Obama's victory was announced.
Reactions.
Foreign leaders reacted with both positive and mixed messages. Most world leaders congratulated and praised Barack Obama on his re-election victory. However, Venezuela and some other states had tempered reactions. Pakistan commented that Romney's defeat had made Pakistan-United States relations safer. Stock markets fell noticeably after Obama's re-election, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average, NASDAQ, and the S&P 500 each declining over two percent the day after the election. The main reason given for the sharp drop was the potential of an unresolved "fiscal cliff" due to the continued split control of the House, the Senate, and the White House.
Voter demographics.
Source: Exit polls conducted by Edison Research of Somerville, N.J., for the National Election Pool, a consortium of ABC News, Associated Press, CBS News, CNN, Fox News, and NBC News. Total vote and results by region are based on the "Votes by state" section of this article.
Analysis.
Combined with the re-elections of Bill Clinton and George W. Bush, Obama's victory in the 2012 election marked only the second time in American history that three consecutive presidents were each elected to two or more full terms (the first time being the consecutive two-term presidencies of Thomas Jefferson, James Madison, and James Monroe). This was also the first election since 1944 in which neither of the major candidates had any military experience.
The 2012 election marked the first time since Franklin D. Roosevelt's last two re-elections in 1940 and 1944 that a Democratic presidential candidate won a majority of the popular vote in two consecutive elections. Obama was also the first president of either party to secure at least 51% of the popular vote in two elections since Dwight Eisenhower in 1952 and 1956. Overall, Obama is the third Democratic president to secure at least 51% of the vote twice, after Andrew Jackson and Franklin D. Roosevelt.
Romney lost his home state of Massachusetts, becoming the first major party presidential candidate to lose his home state since Democrat Al Gore lost his home state of Tennessee to Republican George W. Bush in the 2000 election. Romney lost his home state by more than 23%, the worst losing margin for a major party candidate since John Frémont in 1856. Even worse than Frémont, Romney failed to win a single county in his home state. In addition, since Obama carried Ryan's home state of Wisconsin, the Romney–Ryan ticket was the first major party ticket since the 1972 election to have both of its nominees lose their home states.
Gary Johnson's popular vote total set a Libertarian Party record, and his popular vote percentage is the second-best showing for a Libertarian in a presidential election, trailing only Ed Clark's in 1980.
In total, three states saw Romney win the popular vote in every county - Utah, Oklahoma and West Virginia. Conversely, four states - Vermont, Massachusetts, Rhode Island and Hawaii - saw Obama win the popular vote in every county.

</doc>
<doc id="20102953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102953" title="Daniel Wilkinson">
Daniel Wilkinson

Daniel Wilkinson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20102962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102962" title="Jacob Rosenberg">
Jacob Rosenberg

Jacob G. Rosenberg (1922–2008) was an award-winning author and Holocaust survivor. Rosenberg's poetry and prose have been published in both Australia and overseas.
Life.
Jacob G. Rosenberg was born in 1922 in Łódź, Poland and grew up as the youngest member of a working-class family. After the Germans occupied Poland, he was confined with his parents, two sisters, and their little girls in the Łódź Ghetto until they were sent to Auschwitz. All of the members of his family – except for himself and his sister, who committed suicide a few days later – were gassed on the day of their arrival. He remained in Auschwitz for about two months and spent the rest of the war in various other concentration camps.
In May 1945, he was liberated and moved to a Displaced Persons camp in Italy where he met and married Esther Laufer, who was a survivor of eight camps. He and his wife emigrated to Australia in 1948. Their only child was born in Melbourne. His writing was awarded the 2006 New South Wales Premiers Award for non-fiction and the 2007 National Biography Award.
Jacob G. Rosenberg died in 2008 at 86 years of age in Melbourne.

</doc>
<doc id="20102969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102969" title="Brookeville Woolen Mill and House">
Brookeville Woolen Mill and House

The Brookeville Woolen Mill and House is a historic home and woolen mill located in Brookeville, Maryland, in Montgomery County. The complex consists of two buildings constructed of rubble masonry. The woolen mill is a small one-story structure. South of the mill are two stone worker's houses, one of which is a three-by-two-bay, -story stone house. The house was most likely constructed prior to 1783. The complex may have been built by the Riggs family, who later became well-known bankers and merchants in the Washington, D.C..
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="20102995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20102995" title="Hakata-Minami Station">
Hakata-Minami Station

Lines.
The station is served by the Hakata-Minami Line from Hakata Station, and forms the only station on this 8.5 km line. Hakata-Minami Line services are classed as "Limited express", although many are actually extensions of Sanyō Shinkansen "Kodama" services.
Layout.
The station consists of one elevated side platform, located adjacent to Hakata Shinkansen Depot.
History.
The station opened on 1 April 1990. 

</doc>
<doc id="20103022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20103022" title="Pacification of Tonkin">
Pacification of Tonkin

The Pacification of Tonkin (1886–1896) was a slow and ultimately successful military and political campaign undertaken by the French Empire in the northern portion of Tonkin (modern-day north Vietnam) to re-establish order in the wake of the Sino-French War (August 1884 – April 1885), to entrench a French protectorate in Tonkin, and to suppress Vietnamese opposition to French rule.
Background.
Following their colonisation of Cochinchina in the 1860s, the French attempted to extend their influence into Tonkin. A first, abortive attempt to intervene in Tonkin was made by Francis Garnier in 1873. Nine years later, in April 1882, Henri Rivière seized the citadel of Hanoi, inaugurating the second French intervention. Although Rivière's career ended in disaster a year later, with his defeat and death at the hands of the Black Flag Army at the Battle of Paper Bridge (19 May 1883), Jules Ferry's expansionist government in France sent strong reinforcements to Tonkin to avenge this defeat. Although it would take many years before Tonkin was truly pacified, the second French attempt to subdue Tonkin was ultimately successful.
In August 1883, in the wake of Admiral Amédée Courbet's victory at the Battle of Thuan An, the Vietnamese court at Huế was forced to recognise a French protectorate over both Annam (French protectorate) and Tonkin. Efforts by the French to entrench their protectorate in Tonkin were complicated by the outbreak of the Sino-French War in August 1884, which tied down large French forces around Hung Hoa and Lang Son, and later by the Can Vuong uprising in southern Vietnam in July 1885, which required the diversion of French forces from Tonkin to Annam. When the Sino-French War ended in April 1885, there were 35,000 French troops in Tonkin, but the area of French control was restricted to the Red River Delta. Between April 1885 and April 1886 French troops closed up to the Chinese border, raising the tricolour and establishing customs posts at Lao Cai and other frontier crossings into Yunnan and Guangxi provinces, but large swathes of Tonkinese territory remained under the control of insurgent groups.
The Tonkin campaign, a struggle by France since June 1883 against various opponents, including Vietnamese forces under the command of Prince Hoang Ke Viem, Liu Yongfu's Black Flag Army, and finally the Chinese Yunnan and Guangxi Armies, officially came to an end in early 1886. On the recommendation of General Charles-Auguste-Louis Warnet (1828–1913), the commander-in-chief of the Tonkin Expeditionary Corps, Tonkin was declared 'pacified' in April 1886, and this achievement was symbolised by the formal downgrading of the expeditionary corps into a division of occupation under the command of General Ferdinand Jamont (1831–1918). This declaration, made for domestic consumption in France, where opposition to French adventures in Tonkin was growing, was purely cosmetic, and concealed the reality of a continuing, low-level insurgency in Tonkin.
Character of the Tonkin insurgency.
The Can Vuong insurgency against the French launched in Annam in July 1885 after Hàm Nghi's flight from Huế was portrayed by the insurgents as a patriotic, anti-French, struggle to 'aid the king'. The insurgency in Tonkin was rather more complex. Many of the insurgents fought for patriotic motives, but others simply wanted to exploit the anarchy that prevailed in much of Tonkin at the end of the Sino-French War. The Chinese armies that had fought the Sino-French War dutifully withdrew from Tonkin in May and June 1885, but their ranks were by then full of Vietnamese volunteers or conscripts, and these men, unpaid for months, were simply disbanded on Tonkinese soil and left to fend for themselves. They kept their weapons and supported themselves by brigandage, in many cases sheltering behind the patriotic rhetoric of the Can Vuong insurgency. The French, although reluctant to admit that any of the 'brigands', 'bandits' and 'pirates' in arms against them had noble motives, were well aware that they were fighting a range of enemies in Tonkin:
Throughout Tonkin hard-working law-abiding cultivators had always been left defenceless in the face of the exactions of the mandarins and the Chinese and Annamese pirates. The reign of the mandarins was now ended, but force would be needed to deal with the pirates, whose number had increased in the past two years. The ranks of the Black Flags and the other professional brigands who had been fighting us were swollen by discharged Chinese soldiers, other soldiers who had deserted with their arms and equipment because they had not been paid, Annamese ne’er-do-wells who preferred pillage to agriculture, and sometimes law-abiding peasants who had been forcibly conscripted.
French and insurgent tactics.
The terrain of Tonkin was ideal for the hit-and-run tactics used by the insurgents. In the flat and fertile Delta, the insurgents were able to move much more quickly than the French from village to village along the dykes that separated the flooded rice paddies. Most Tonkinese villages were encircled with earth walls, ponds and thick bamboo hedges, and were consequently difficult to attack. If a band of insurgents was detected by the French, it could choose either to disperse or to strengthen a village's fortifications and wear the French down by fighting a regular defensive battle. In the mountainous regions of Upper Tonkin, the insurgents could exploit the scarcity of paths and the difficulties the French faced in supplying their columns to build strong lairs in nearly inaccessible spots. From these hideouts they would fan out into the surrounding regions, laying ambushes for French detachments. As the French troops they met were often sick and exhausted, these ambushes were sometimes successful. 
To counter these tactics, the French used 'shandy columns' ("colonnes panachées"), so-called because they normally contained a mix of white and native troops. Typically, a column would contain legionnaires and marine infantry, supported by companies of Tonkinese riflemen. To find the bandits, the French had to march into forests on the basis of imprecise and often misleading intelligence. When they discovered their position, they attacked, but in most cases it had already been abandoned for another. It was a tiring and frustrating struggle, which was not even interrupted during the stormy heats and the rains of summer. The soldiers of the Foreign Legion soon learned that it was more merciful to shoot wounded comrades who could not keep up with the marching columns than to leave them to be captured and tortured to death by the bandits.
For several years the French had frustratingly little to show for the enormous military efforts they were making to crush the insurgency. This was above all due to the duality of the command. The regional commanders only had military powers, and in all their operations had to obtain the agreement of the native authorities and the residents of the administrative provinces corresponding to their region. The residents themselves were assisted by merchants who improvised a transport business on which the supply of food and ammunition to the posts depended, and there was no recourse against these entrepreneurs if they failed to fulfil their engagements. Military action under such conditions could be neither swift nor sure. The insurgency resumed as soon as the columns had left, and the installation of posts in some important points did not, as had been hoped, win the French control of the country. Nevertheless the French did win some successes, and by the end of 1890 the Delta was almost pacified and the insurgent bands had been pushed back into Upper Tonkin.
Progress of the pacification.
Beyond the Delta, however, the French had much less to show for their efforts. Their first major victory against the insurgents, at Ba Dinh in January 1887, owed more to the folly of the Vietnamese commander Dinh Cong Trang, who deliberately challenged the French to a set-piece battle near the Annam-Tonkin border, than to the skill of the French high command. The Vietnamese defeat at Ba Dinh was a disaster for the Can Vuong movement in Annam, and cost the lives of many Vietnamese insurgents, but it did little to lessen the problems that the French faced in Tonkin.
The collapse of the Can Vuong insurgency in Annam at the end of 1888 also did little to alter the state of affairs in Tonkin. Only two months after the capture of the young Vietnamese king Hàm Nghi in October 1888 a French column of 800 men under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Borgnis-Desbordes incurred heavy casualties (95 men killed and wounded) driving a strong force of insurgents from the villages of Cho Moi and Cho Chu on the Song Cau River.
Nevertheless, though resistance continued behind their lines, the French were able to widen their zone of occupation slowly but surely. In western Tonkin, a column under the command of "chef de bataillon" Bergougnioux advanced up the Clear River and occupied Bac Muc and Vinh Thuy in May 1886. On 1 September 1887 the French occupied Ha Giang. A column under Colonel Brissaud penetrated almost as far as the border with Siam and dislodged a Siamese force that had taken advantage of the chaos in Tonkin to cross the frontier and occupy the small town of Dien Bien Phu. 
In northern Tonkin Commandant Servière traversed the region between Lang Son and Zhennan Pass at Cua Ai, and protected the operations of the Border Delimitation Commission set up under the Treaty of Tientsin to demarcate the frontier between Vietnam and China. He dispersed several insurgent bands that had been operating around Lang Son, and established a post at Chi Ma, on the Tonkin-Guangxi border. In November 1886 a large expedition under the command of General Mensier drove the insurgents from other localities near the Tonkin-Guangxi border and occupied the important frontier town of Cao Bang.
Considerable progress was also made in eastern Tonkin, a region that had seen little fighting during the Sino-French War and was still almost unexplored by the French. Between 1886 and 1888 "capitaine de vaisseau" de Beaumont's naval division hunted down the pirates who still infested Along Bay and most of the Delta coasts and completed the work that Admiral Amédée Courbet had begun in 1884. The wild country between Lang Son and the Guangdong border that the French had been unable to subdue during the war with China was now tamed by the French occupation of Tien Yen, Ha Coi and Mong Cai. A vital preliminary to these operations was the completion of the naval survey of the coast of Tonkin by the naval hydrographer La Porte, who took over the work begun in 1883 by Renaud and Rollet de l'Isle. La Porte's moment of glory came when, as a result of this survey, he personally guided the French gunboats up the narrow river channels to Mong Cai, enabling the French to confront the town's defences with overwhelming strength. Mong Cai was occupied by the French in December 1886. La Porte crowned his career by making a general triangulation of Tonkin, from Haiphong to Hung Hoa and to Phu Lang Thuong, drawing on a series of topographical maps produced since 1883 by military engineering officers. Finally, a column of 600 soldiers and 400 coolies under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Alphonse Dugenne, the hero of the Bac Le ambush in June 1884, marched along the coastal plain of eastern Tonkin as far as the Chinese border and explored the sparsely-populated and mountainous hinterland running back to Lang Son. The French completed their penetration of eastern Tonkin in January 1887 by driving insurgent bands from the Pak Lung peninsula, a border region disputed between Vietnam and China. In July 1887 the peninsula was awarded to China by the Border Delimitation Commission.
A joint political and military solution.
The tide finally turned in France's favour in Tonkin with the appointment of Jean-Marie de Lanessan as governor-general of Indochina in 1891. De Lanessan, an able, intelligent and energetic administrator, quickly put in place the administrative structures that would enable the military commanders first to contain and ultimately to master the insurrection. He reversed the policy of his predecessors, recalling the unwieldy militia units to the Delta and returning control of the mountain region of Tonkin to the military. He divided Upper Tonkin into four territories, centred respectively on Sept Pagodes, Lang Son, Son Tay and Son La, and placed each territory under the orders of a military commander who was also entrusted (subject to his own oversight) with the civil powers of a "résident supérieur". This concentration of military and civil power in the hands of a small number of officers was potentially dangerous, but de Lanessan got on well with General Duchemin, the army commander in Tonkin, and was able to ensure that the commands went to the best officers available. These men included Lieutenant-Colonel Théophile Pennequin, who developed the famous 'oilstain' ("tache d'huile") tactics that were eventually to prove so effective in stamping out the insurgency, Colonels Joseph Gallieni and Servière, and "chef de bataillon" Hubert Lyautey. De Lanessan was lucky. Duchemin and his immediate subordinates were among the finest soldiers then serving in France's colonial empire. Two of them, Joseph Gallieni and Hubert Lyautey, would distinguish themselves in the First World War and end their lives as Marshals of France. 
This galaxy of talented administrators and soldiers pursued French aims in Tonkin with a judicious mixture of political and military action. Political action came first. De Lanessan and Gallieni agreed that the most important task for the French was to win over the population to their side. If the ordinary Tonkinese farmers could be persuaded that French rule was preferable to anarchy, they would cooperate with the colonial power. The insurgents would eventually be isolated, and military victory would then follow as a matter of course. Accordingly, the French set out to demonstrate the benefits of their rule. Roads and paths were built to link up the French posts, enabling small French columns to move quickly from place to place. As it became easier for the French to protect law-abiding villagers from the depredations of the bandits, confidence gradually returned. Markets and schools were built in the villages, and the conditions were established in which agriculture, industry and commerce could once more flourish. 
Seeing that the French were there to stay, and that they were increasingly capable of imposing law and order, the Tonkinese gradually turned against the insurgents. The French began to receive valuable intelligence on the whereabouts of guerilla bands. Eventually, they felt secure enough to form local militia units to protect the villages, at last certain that their rifles would be turned against the bandits rather than against themselves. At this point the scales tipped decisively against the insurgents. Once they had lost the sympathy of the local population, they could not hope to win. 
With the ground thus prepared politically, the French were able to implement Pennequin's 'oilstain' method with considerable success. This method involved building a strong barrier of solid posts, judiciously placed, to push back the insurgents little by little, to occupy effectively the conquered terrain, and to establish new posts further forward. The French did not enter a new troubled region until they had finished with the previous one. The dispatch of attack columns became the exception, and was used only to achieve a clear objective that could not be achieved by political means.
Gradual collapse of the insurgency.
In this way, the French were able between 1891 and 1896 to reduce the final centres of resistance in Tonkin. In November 1891 they finally secured control of the Dong Trieu massif, a thorn in their side since 1884, and dispersed the Chinese guerillas who had operated there for so long. Trouble in the region subsided immediately on the death of the insurgent leader Luu Ky a few months later. In March 1892 the French destroyed the last bandit concentrations in the Yen The region. This remote, wooded, mountain fastness between Tuyen Quang and Thái Nguyên had been colonised by guerilla bands during the war with China and held against the French ever since by the bandit chiefs Ba Phuc, De Nam and De Tham. Although French troops continued to skirmish with bandits in the Yen The until De Tham's death in 1913, they were no longer a serious threat to law and order. With the removal of these two running sores, the French were able to scale down their military operations in Tonkin between 1892 and 1896 to a very low level. The insurgents, once so formidable, were now reduced to kidnapping isolated French and Vietnamese officials and demanding ransoms for their safe return. They had become a nuisance rather than a threat. Routine sweeps and patrols by single companies now sufficed to police both the Delta and the mountain regions, and in 1896 it became possible for French politicians to speak of the 'pacification' of Tonkin with genuine conviction.
Frontier security.
As internal order was restored, the security of the border with China loomed larger. The border had long been porous, and Chinese bands took advantage of the weakness of the French frontier garrisons to cross over into Tonkin, plunder as many villages as they could, then retreat back into China before the French could catch up with them. In 1887 China and France had agreed on the delimitation of the frontier, but this agreement proved to be almost worthless in practice, because the Chinese authorities in the frontier districts actively connived at the activities of the raiders. Indeed, the raiding bands often consisted of parties of regular soldiers of the Guangxi and Yunnan armies. Some French commanders, notably Gallieni, raided villages on the Chinese side of the border in retaliation, or conducted 'hot pursuit' operations across the border into China to track down bands of raiders. Formally, France and China now enjoyed the best of relations, and both the French and Chinese governments turned a blind eye to such incursions. Frontier security for Tonkin was finally achieved in the closing years of the nineteenth century, after the French lined the border with China with blockhouses and stationed enough soldiers there to deter incursions.

</doc>
<doc id="20103067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20103067" title="Edward Beale House">
Edward Beale House

The Edward Beale House is a historic home located at Potomac, Montgomery County, Maryland. It is a Colonial Revival residence built in 1938, and designed to look like a Pennsylvania farmhouse that has evolved over centuries. The -story house has a modified telescope form composed of stone and frame sections covered with side-gable slate shingle roofs. It was designed and built by Delaware architects Pope and Kruse.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="20103072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20103072" title="William Barlow House">
William Barlow House

William Barlow House (or Barlow House) is a historic building in Clackamas County, Oregon, United States.
Barlow House was home to William Barlow, namesake of the city of Barlow and son of Samuel K. Barlow, who built the Barlow Road. The house is located south of Barlow, between Canby and Aurora on 99E. It was built in an Italianate style in 1885,
and listed on the National Register of Historic Places on February 15, 1977. It now operates as a privately owned museum and is open by appointment.

</doc>
<doc id="20103098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20103098" title="List of 2008 box office number-one films in the Philippines">
List of 2008 box office number-one films in the Philippines

This is a list of films which have placed number one at the weekend box office in the Philippines during 2008. 
Total Gross.
"*Local Film"

</doc>
<doc id="20103107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20103107" title="Leave out All the Rest (CSI)">
Leave out All the Rest (CSI)

"Leave Out All The Rest" is the fifth episode in the ninth season of the American crime drama "".
Plot.
The team investigates a victim whose body shows signs of S&M torture. Grissom pays an unexpected visit to Lady Heather to get her perspective on the case, but she feels that there may be another reason for his visit. The episode ends with the crime unsolved and Grissom staying over at Heather's place. Heather is about to leave the room when Grissom, lying on the bed, asked her not to leave. Heather closes the door, staying in the room. It is later continued in the episode "19 Down".
Throughout the episode excerpts are shown from a video sent to Grissom by Sara Sidle.
Title.
The episode title is named after the song of the same name by Linkin Park. The song is played at the beginning and ending of the episode, with the drums being removed at both times. Elements of the song are used throughout the episode in order to underline and score the building story of Grissom and his unresolved love for Sara, who had recently left the crime lab. The working title for the episode was "Of Inhumane Bondage" and was even produced under that name before its change to "Leave out All the Rest".
Continuity.
Lady Heather also appears in the following episodes:

</doc>
<doc id="20103169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20103169" title="Audley and Bignall End railway station">
Audley and Bignall End railway station

Audley and Bignall End railway station was a station on the North Staffordshire Railway, which operated in the West Midlands county of Staffordshire, in England.
History.
The station was opened by the North Staffordshire Railway, then joined the London Midland and Scottish Railway during the Grouping of 1923. That company then closed it eight years later.

</doc>
<doc id="20103171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20103171" title="Roderick Cook">
Roderick Cook

Roderick Cook (born 9 February 1932 in London – died 17 August 1990 in Los Angeles) was an English playwright, writer, theatre director and actor of stage, television and film. Cook is particularly remembered for devising, directing and starring in the musical review "Oh, Coward!" and for portraying Count Von Strack in the Oscar winning film "Amadeus".
Career.
Cook graduated from Queens' College, Cambridge in 1953 and then began his career appearing in plays at London's West End during the 1950s. He made his professional stage debut in 1954 as Feste in "Twelfth Night"; a production directed by Peter Hall. That same year, he worked under Hall again in the English language premiere of "Waiting for Godot" by Samuel Beckett at the Arts Theatre, London. He also starred alongside Maggie Smith in the original 1954 production of "Listen to the Wind" at the Oxford Playhouse. Cook worked with Smith again in the original 1957 production of "Share My Lettuce" at the Lyric Theatre, Hammersmith. In 1956, Cook worked under Hall's direction as Gaston in the English language premiere of "The Waltz of the Toreadors" at London's Arts Theatre where he played opposite Hugh Griffith and Beatrix Lehmann. In 1957, he appeared in the ill fated musical "Zuleika" at the Saville Theatre.
Cook made his first film appearance in the 1959 British film "Idle on Parade". Two years later, he made his first television appearance as a guest star on the series "Jango" followed by work on the series "No Hiding Place". Shortly thereafter, he emigrated to the United States, making his Broadway debut as Lord Neville in the 1961 musical "Kean". He returned to Broadway two years later to portray Peter Northbrook in Noël Coward's 1963 musical "The Girl Who Came to Supper" followed by the role of Edward in the 1964 play "Roar Like a Dove". In February 1965, Cook began writing book reviews and poetry for "Harper's Magazine". He wrote nineteen entries for the magazine over the next two years, with his last entry appearing in the November 1967 issue. In 1969, Cook returned to Broadway when he replaced Alec McCowen as Fr. William Rolfe in "Hadrian the Seventh". That same year, he portrayed the role of Scrivens in the original cast of James Saunders' "A Scent of Flowers" at the Martinique Theatre.
In the late 1960s, Cook began appearing sporadically in American television appearing on such programmes as the "Hallmark Hall of Fame" (1967), "One Life to Live" (1968) and "Lotsa Luck" (1973). He also appeared in several films during the 1970s including "Our Time" (1974), "The Great Waldo Pepper" (1975) and "Girlfriends" (1978).
On the stage, Cook remained active off-Broadway and in regional theatre productions during the 1970s, but did not appear in a single Broadway show during the decade. His greatest success came from "Oh, Coward!", a musical revue that Cook devised himself on the life and works of Noël Coward. The production premiered off-Broadway on 4 October 1972 and was one of the last Noël Coward shows staged during Coward's lifetime. Cook directed and starred in the show which ran for a total of 294 performances. The show then proceeded to tour the United States and Britain over the next several years in London, Los Angeles, Chicago, Washington, D.C. and San Francisco among other cities. His other stage credits during this time include Ernest in "Design for Living" opposite Maggie Smith at the Ahmanson Theatre and Lincoln Center (1971) and the Devil in "Don Juan in Hell" at the Alley Theatre (1979). Cook also worked as a director on several productions in 1970s, including directing Peter O'Toole in both "Present Laughter" and "Uncle Vanya" in 1978.
In 1980, Cook returned to Broadway to portray Beverly Carlton in the revival of "The Man Who Came to Dinner". For his performance, he received a Drama Desk Award nomination for Outstanding Featured Actor in a Play. That same year he devised a musical revue of the works of William Roy, entitled "Special Delivery", that premiered at the Oakland West Dinner Theatre in Lauderdale Lakes, Florida. In 1981, Cook returned to Broadway as Gerald in the 1981 musical "Woman of the Year", a role he played for two years. In 1982, he directed Tom Ziegler's "The Ninth Step" at the Riverwest Theatre in New York. In 1987, he received a Tony Award nomination for his role in the original Broadway cast of "Oh Coward!", a production which he also directed.
During the 1980s, Cook remained active in television with his work consisting of such series as "One Life to Live" (1983), "All My Children" (1985), "Newhart" (1988), "Sledge Hammer!" (1988), "MacGyver" (1988), "Tattingers" (1989) and "Tales from the Crypt" (aired posthumously in 1992) among others. He also notably portrayed Count Von Strack in the Academy Award winning film "Amadeus" (1984) and Von Klammer in "Garbo Talks" (1984). His other film credits include "Silent Madness" (1984), "9½ Weeks" (1986) and "Spellbinder" (1988) among others.
Cook died of a heart attack on 17 August 1990 in Los Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="20103184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20103184" title="J. A. Belt Building">
J. A. Belt Building

The John A. Belt Building is a historic commercial building located at Gaithersburg, Montgomery County, Maryland. It was constructed in 1903, and consists of a two-story rectangular brick building. In the center of the east elevation parapet is raised half-lunette inscribed "1903" and underneath, "J.A. Belt." John A. Belt, was a well known and substantial entrepreneur in Montgomery County in the late 19th and early 20th century.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.

</doc>
<doc id="20103233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20103233" title="Taryn Davidson">
Taryn Davidson

Taryn Davidson (born February 2, 1991) is a Canadian model.
Early life.
Davidson is the second eldest of four children, Talia, Lauren, and Sean, and lived her first few years in New Liskeard, Ontario, a town of 10,000. She spent much of her time playing ice hockey. Her father, Ron Davidson teaches Ultra Skills hockey school. The family eventually moved to Brooklin, Ontario, where she and her family live today.
Career.
In 2007, she signed with DNA Model Management. VMagazine.com describes Davidson as "Tall and elegant with a face that harks back to the days of Kelly LeBrock and Vogue covers in the '80s..." Since then, she has walked for Alexander McQueen, Hermès, Shiatzy Chen, Lanvin and Nina Ricci. Vmagazine.com added her as the third ranked model of Spring 2008 
In 2008, she became the face of "See by Chloé" for fall, replacing Karlie Kloss.

</doc>
<doc id="20103303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20103303" title="Plagiorchiata">
Plagiorchiata

The Plagiorchiata are by far the largest suborder of plagiorchiidan flatworms. They belong to the Digenea, a large subclass of flukes. These parasites rarely if ever affect humans, but domestic animals may be severely affected bby some species. The Lancet Liver Fluke ("Dicrocoelium dendriticum") is noted for its cercaria larva, which induces the intermediate host (certain ants) to suicidal behavior.
The following families are placed here:

</doc>
<doc id="20103309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20103309" title="New Again">
New Again

New Again is the fourth studio album by American rock band Taking Back Sunday, released through Warner Bros. Records on June 1, 2009. It is the first and only album to include guitarist Matthew Fazzi after the departure of Fred Mascherino in late 2007. The album was produced by David Kahne, with a selection of tracks also produced by Matt Squire. Additional production on all tracks was done by Jamie Siegel.
In 2010, after promotion for the album had largely finished, the band announced that Fazzi and bass guitarist Matthew Rubano were no longer part of the band. According to lead vocalist Adam Lazzara, they were amicably "let go." Former band members John Nolan and Shaun Cooper soon reunited with the band to release their eponymous LP "Taking Back Sunday" in 2011. As of release of their eponymous album, the songs from "New Again" are rarely on the band's set list, with the exception of "Everything Must Go."
Release and promotion.
The name of the album, "New Again", was announced through the band's MySpace page on November 6, 2008. It was chosen because Adam Lazzara felt that they were a new band; he said, "We kicked around a bunch of different titles, but that one always remained the top of the list, and that’s because it really does feel like a new band." A song off of the album, "Carpathia", was made available as a free download on December 21, 2008 to anybody that purchased a Taking Back Sunday Holiday Card Pack. The band then released a 7" vinyl with "Carpathia" and a live version of "Catholic Knees" on April 18.
The album's first single, "Sink Into Me", was released on KROQ-FM on April 27, 2009. It was also released online via the iTunes Store on April 21. The music video for the first single premiered on May 11 on MTV.com, MTV2, MTVu and MTV Hits.
Artwork.
The same day the band released the date the album would be out, they released the album artwork on their website.
In the past, the band have expressed that the number 152 always appears on the covers of their albums. On the "Tell All Your Friends" artwork it is simply written in the corner next to the album's title. On the artwork for "Where You Want to Be", there is a sign saying "next exit 152 miles". On the "Louder Now" artwork, the price on the theater's sign is "$1.52", and on the "New Again" artwork, it has been hidden to a further extent. Hanging from the rear view mirror of the car are three fuzzy dice, showing the numbers 1, 5 and 2 respectively. Additionally, the CD design references the band's home of Nassau County, Long Island, with the Area code 516 appearing underneath the speedometer (which reads as 152 mph).
Special edition.
Taking Back Sunday offered a special edition package, which came with a small model car with decals, an air freshener, three dice, a 2GB USB storage key, and a drivers license featuring one of the band members. The CD itself included an additional "making of the album" DVD which also featured a track-by-track commentary from the band, as well as an autographed booklet.
Lyrical themes.
Several of the songs include lyrical references to guns, such as 'Summer, Man', in which Lazzara lists off different calibers of ammunition: "Nine, forty-five, twenty-two...". This motif is continued in the song 'Cut Me Up Jenny', which features the line: "You are the polished pearl grips of your father's .45", as well as in the bonus track 'Long Time Comin': "Halfway out of town loading your father's father's gun, the one he smuggled back from Germany after the war was won".
The songs 'Carpathia' and 'Everything Must Go' feature descriptive imagery of houses and failed attempts at starting a home, likely a reference to the calling off of Lazzara's engagement to Eisley guitarist Chauntelle Dupree.
Addiction is also a prevalent theme on the album, with songs such as 'Lonely, Lonely', 'Summer, Man', and 'Where My Mouth Is' referencing Lazzara's past drug use.
Several of the songs include references to a woman named Jenny. These songs are 'Cut Me Up Jenny', 'Winter Passing', and 'Didn't See That Coming' (the name is substituted with the word "gently" in the final chorus in a similar way as "gently" alternates with the name in chorus of "Cut Me Up Jenny"). Adam Lazzara has stated that Jenny is no one in particular, but rather "whoever you want her to be".
Sales.
New Again debuted at number seven on the Billboard 200, selling 48,000 copies in its first week in the United States. The album also debuted at number 31 on the Australian ARIA Charts.
Reception.
"New Again" received generally favorable reviews from critics, acquiring an weighted average score of 77% on review aggregation website Metacritic. Scott Heisel of "Alternative Press" praised the record highly, stating that it "leaps forward as the best album of Taking Back Sunday's career to date". For Matthew Niner of PopMatters, "they have produced another solid album that cements their reputation as one of the most genuinely affecting and consistent bands in the current scene". "Alternative Press" named it the number one album of the year 2009.
Jon Pareles of "The New York Times" gave it a favorable review and said that "Such obvious imitation U2 isn’t good strategy; it diminishes well-made songs. Taking Back Sunday is better off merging its old blurted troubles with its new attention to detail." Edwin McFee of "Hot Press", however, gave it a mixed review with the header: "Emo pin-ups milk last moments of glory."
In April 2010, Adam Lazzara answered questions on his formspring, commenting that New Again "was a gigantic step backwards" and that he was "not fully satisfied with what put out". In June 2010, Eddie Reyes answered a question on his formspring commenting that he doesn't hate New Again "its just my least favorite album. This album was the worst album we've ever created." John Nolan stated that this album was the worst Taking Back Sunday album the band created constructively. He went on to state that he also did like 'New Again' and his favorite song of the album was 'Everything Must Go'

</doc>
<doc id="20103362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20103362" title="Heinrich Schenck">
Heinrich Schenck

Johann Heinrich Rudolf Schenck (1860–1927) was a German botanist who was a native of Siegen. He was a brother to geographer Adolf Schenck (1857–1936).
Heinrich Schenck initially studied natural sciences at the University of Bonn (1879-80), then continued his studies in Berlin under August Wilhelm Eichler (1839–1887) and Simon Schwendener (1829–1919). Later he returned to Bonn as a student of Eduard Strasburger (1844–1912), receiving his doctorate in 1884. In 1889 he became a lecturer in Bonn, and in 1896 relocated to the Polytechnic Institute of Darmstadt, where he was appointed director of the botanical garden.
Schenck undertook important research involving adaptation of water plants to their underwater environment. He also conducted studies on the ecology, morphology and histology of lianas. In 1886-87 he accompanied Andreas Franz Wilhelm Schimper (1856–1901) on a scientific expedition to Brazil, and in 1908 performed botanical investigations in Mexico.
With George Karsten (1863–1937), he was co-author of the botanical journal "Vegetationsbilder". In addition, he published information on botanical collections taken from the German Antarctic Expedition of 1901–1903.

</doc>
<doc id="20103393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20103393" title="100 Mothers">
100 Mothers

100 Mothers was an art exhibition curated by Harry Pye that originally took place at the "Oh Art" Gallery at The Oxford House, Bethnal Green in March 2004. Pye put the show together with help from several artist friends including Elizabeth Haarala, Mat Humphrey, Jasper Joffe and Emma Ridgway.
Show in Bethnal Green.
Pye's aim was to stage the most straightforward and irony-free exhibition possible in time for Mother's Day that year. His friends supplied fifty male and fifty female artists with the same size canvas and asked each one to make a painting based on their own mother. Among those who took part in the original show were Dinos Chapman, Vic Reeves, Grayson Perry, Richard Wathen, Neil Innes, Bob & Roberta Smith, Billy Childish and Liz Neal. 
Three artists featured in the show (Daisy de Villeneuve, Geraldine Swayne, and Sarah Sparkes) were interviewed about their contributions on the BBC Radio Four show "Woman's Hour". Several other artists including Mat Humphrey, Peter Harris and Rowland Smith were interviewed about their paintings and their mothers by "Don't Panic" magazine. A brochure designed by Elizabeth Haarala and Keith Sargent was sold at the show; this featured an introduction written by poet Benjamin Zephaniah, with contributions from John Hegley and Jock Scot.
Other versions of the show.
The exhibition toured to the North Edinburgh Art Centre in Scotland. In March 2008 the exhibition took place again, this time at the Sartorial Contemporary Art gallery

</doc>
<doc id="20103399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20103399" title="Wren T. Brown">
Wren T. Brown

Wren Troy Brown (born June 11, 1964) is an American film, theater, and television actor.

</doc>
<doc id="20103400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20103400" title="Zoogonata">
Zoogonata

The Zoogonata are one of the mid-sized suborders of plagiorchiidan flatworms. They belong to the Digenea, a large subclass of flukes.
The following families are placed here:

</doc>
<doc id="20103411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20103411" title="Far from Over (song)">
Far from Over (song)

"Far from Over" is a song by Frank Stallone that appeared in the 1983 film "Staying Alive" and was also featured in the film's soundtrack. The song was written by Stallone and Vince DiCola. It was a top-ten U.S. single in September 1983, peaking at number ten on the Billboard Hot 100, becoming his only major hit. The 7" single version is slightly different from the LP version, and it was the 7" version which was played on most radio stations in the US while on the Billboard Hot 100.
The instrumental version was used as the theme for "Starrcade" from 1983 to 1987. Also, WRAL-TV in Raleigh, North Carolina used it for their Football Fridays broadcasts during the mid-1980s. as did WDIV-TV in Detroit, Michigan for its Sunday sports wrap-up show "Sports Final Edition", which is still currently used today. The song was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song. The song had renewed popularity in 2010 when Australian comedy duo Hamish & Andy proclaimed on air that the song gave the listener an extra burst of energy and dubbed the phenomenon as "The Frank Effect". A special one time concert was held in Australia as a result.

</doc>
<doc id="20103418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20103418" title="Joyce Grable">
Joyce Grable

Betty Wade-Murphy is an American former professional wrestler better known by her ring name Joyce Grable. She was the long-term tag team partner of Wendi Richter. She held the NWA United States Women's Championship once and the NWA Women's World Tag Team Championship four times—twice with Richter and twice with her other tag team partner Vicki Williams.
Professional wrestling career.
Training.
Joyce Fowler (who also competed as Joyce Becker) was the first female wrestler to use the ring name "Joyce Grable". Fowler was active from 1963–1974 and then retired from professional wrestling to focus on her family. In the early 1970s, Betty Wade-Murphy was trained by professional wrestler Judy Grable (who was her childhood idol) to become a female wrestler. Upon her professional debut, she was given the ring name "Joyce Grable" both as a tribute to her idol and trainer, Judy Grable, and because Fabulous Moolah felt she bared a strong physical resemblance to the original Joyce Grable (portrayed by Fowler).
National Wrestling Alliance.
The team of Grable and Vicki Williams won the NWA Women's World Tag Team Championship from Donna Christanello and Toni Rose on October 15, 1973 in New York. It was not until October 1975 that Rose and Christanello regained the title from Grable and Williams.
In 1978 at Superbowl of Wrestling II, she defeated seven other wrestlers in an eight-woman battle royal. Later that year, she defeated Ann Casey to win the NWA United States Women's Championship. In 1979, she helped train Judy Martin. In August 1979, the team of Grable and Williams defeated The Glamour Girls (Leilani Kai and Martin) to begin their second reign as NWA Women's Tag Champions. During the time period from 1973–1983, Grable frequently competed in the World Wrestling Federation, often in singles matches against WWF Women's Champion Fabulous Moolah and in tag team matches with Williams.
In 1982, Wendi Richter became her tag team partner after Grable trained her for six months in Atlanta, Georgia. She wrestled in a series of matches in Stampede Wrestling with partner Richter against Velvet McIntyre and Judy Martin. The teams continued their rivalry into April 1983 in Verne Gagne's American Wrestling Association. In May 1983, she returned to Stampede Wrestling, where she once again teamed with Richter against McIntyre and Penny Mitchell.
In 1986, Grable participated in a 10-woman battle royal at the American Wrestling Association's WrestleRock 86 event, losing to Sherri Martel. She continued to appear sporadically on the independent circuit and competed in the Delta Tiger Lilies promotion in 1988.
Retirement.
She retired in 1991 and had back surgery. On January 29, 2005, Grable appeared at WrestleReunion managing Sherri Martel, Peggy Lee Leather, Krissy Vaine, and Amber O'Neal in an eight-woman tag team match against Wendi Richter, Bambi, Malia Hosaka, and Jenny Taylor. Grable continues to make appearances at wrestling reunions and conventions, as well as occasional independent shows. Grable appeared at a Magnificent Ladies Wrestling event on April 30, 2011, where she managed Melanie Cruise in a match against "Pryme Tyme" Amy Lee, and also managed Million Dollar Baby in a street fight against Robbie Rage. On May 20, 2011, she (along with several other retired professional wrestlers) was a guest at a Total Nonstop Action Wrestling live event in Amsterdam, New York.
Personal life.
Grable was originally from Columbus, Georgia. Grable had one biological son, Derek Murphy and a step daughter, Melissa Wade and stepson, Richard Wade from her second husband, Richard Wade's, first marriage. She worked as a trainer at the women's wrestling training facility ran by Fabulous Moolah and was responsible for training several notable female wrestlers, including Wendi Richter and Sherri Martel. After retiring from wrestling, Grable worked as a receptionist at a center for mentally and physically handicapped persons.
In 2013, Grable revealed she had cancer, prompting a benefit show to be held in Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="20103435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20103435" title="Alpha-toxin">
Alpha-toxin

Alpha-toxin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20103451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20103451" title="Franjo Babić">
Franjo Babić

Franjo Bartola Babić (December 19, 1908 in Babina Greda - May 15, 1945 in Maribor) was a Croatian writer and journalist. 
He finished elementary school in Zemun in 1919, and six grades of gymnasium in Vukovar and Vinkovci by 1926. He subsequently worked at the newspaper "Hrvatski list" in Osijek. He worked at the paper until 1944, and from 1941 to 1944 served as its editor. He attended the trial of the bandit Čaruga, and published a book about. From 1932 on, he also wrote articles about chess.
He moved to Zagreb in 1944. After attempting to escape to the western Allies in May 1945, he was killed by Yugoslav Partisans in Maribor.

</doc>
<doc id="20103465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20103465" title="Barlow House">
Barlow House

Barlow House may refer to:
in the United States (by state then town)

</doc>
<doc id="20103494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20103494" title="Staphylococcus aureus beta toxin">
Staphylococcus aureus beta toxin

Staphylococcus aureus beta toxin is a toxin produced by Staphylococcus aureus. It is a form of sphingomyelinase called sphingomyelinase C. This enzyme is toxic to a variety of cells, including erythrocytes, fibroblasts, leukocytes, and macrophages. Susceptible cells are subject to lysis of exposed sphingomyelin on their membrane surfaces.
The beta toxin exhibits maximum activity at 10°C, at 37°C (normal body temperature) seems to be inactive.

</doc>
<doc id="20103496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20103496" title="Maricá Airport">
Maricá Airport

Maricá Airport is the airport serving Maricá, Brazil.
History.
The airport is presently dedicated to general aviation.
Airlines and destinations.
Currently no scheduled flights operate at this airport.
Access.
The airport is located from downtown Maricá.

</doc>
<doc id="20103518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20103518" title="Paul Stassino">
Paul Stassino

Phaedros Stassinos (1930 – 28 June 2012) was a Greek-Cypriot actor whose international stage name was Paul Stassino.
He was born in Cyprus, at Platres and grew up in Limassol, but spent most of his acting career in Britain. He moved to the UK at the age of 18 to study at the Law School. Because of his great passion to be an actor, without telling his family, he got a scholarship to the Royal Academy of Drama. Very soon he became very famous in the UK and he appeared in many British films, in British TV dramas such as "Danger Man" and "The Saint". He appeared in "Coronation Street" in 1968, as Hungarian demolition contractor Miklos Zadic who had a brief relationship with Emily Nugent (played by Eileen Derbyshire).
Possibly his best known performance was when he played two parts, Major François Derval and Angelo Palazzi, in the James Bond film "Thunderball" (see List of James Bond henchmen in Thunderball).[http://www.universalexports.net/Movies/thunderball-cast.shtml]
Other roles include "Le Pirate" in "That Riviera Touch", and the first officer of the Colombian ship "Paloma" in "Tiger Bay".
In 1972 he moved to Athens, where he worked as a director in the casino in Athens and then because of his great love for his island he moved to his birthplace in Cyprus where he worked in the Public Theatre in Nicosia as an actor and as a director, where after he retired he moved to his beloved Limassol. He died on 28 June 2012 in Limassol and was buried in the cemetery of Limassol Sfalagiotisa. 
He was married 2 times and had three children Julian Stassino, Alex Stassino and Elvi Stassinou.

</doc>
<doc id="20103530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20103530" title="Carlyle Cup">
Carlyle Cup

The Carlyle Cup is a trophy contested annually by the Duke Blue Devils and the North Carolina Tar Heels. It is awarded to the school that has the most combined head-to-head wins against the other school in all of the shared varsity sports for that academic year. Duke won the trophy three of the first four years, but the Tar Heels have dominated the competition as of late, winning six of the last seven years, with a tie occurring in 2006-07. The final holder of the trophy was North Carolina, who clinched the 2009-10 competition and held the Carlyle Cup since the end of the 2004-2005 season. At the start of the 2010-11 season, the rivalry series was renamed the Battle of the Blues presented by Continental Tire. North Carolina won the 2010-11 contest by a score of 14-12.
Results.
"Battle of the Blues" was the most commonly submitted name, and Anne Brumbaugh won the competition via random drawing, winning $400 and a new set of tires.

</doc>
<doc id="20103567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20103567" title="Beelaerts van Blokland">
Beelaerts van Blokland

Beelaerts van Blokland is an old Dutch patrician family. The family came originally from the Dutch city Dordrecht. The family belongs to the Dutch nobility since 1815 with the title of jonkheer or jonkvrouw.

</doc>
<doc id="20103579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20103579" title="Sperm whaling">
Sperm whaling

Sperm whaling is the hunting of sperm whales for a substance called spermaceti which was used in cosmetics, leatherworking, and lubricants.
Economic motivation.
The head of the sperm whale is filled with a waxy liquid called spermaceti. This liquid can be refined into spermaceti wax and sperm oil. These were much sought after by 18th, 19th and 20th century whalers. These substances found a variety of commercial applications, such as candles, soap, cosmetics, machine oil, other specialized lubricants, lamp oil, pencils, crayons, leather waterproofing, rust-proofing materials and many pharmaceutical compounds.
History.
Historically, whaling took a heavy toll on sperm whale populations. Prior to the early 18th century, very little hunting of sperm whales took place, mostly by indigenous people of Indonesia. Legend has it that sometime in the early 18th century, supposed to be not far from 1712, Captain Christopher Hussey, while cruising for Right Whales near shore, was blown offshore by a northerly wind, where he encountered a school of sperm whales and killed one. It is not clear whether this story is apocryphal, since no Christopher Hussey would have been the proper age in 1712. However, another member of the Hussey family, possibly Bachelor (Bachelder) or Sylvanus Hussey, may have been the actual person referred to in the story. Although the story may not be true, sperm whales were indeed soon exploited by American whalemen, as Judge Paul Dudley, in his "Essay upon the Natural History of Whales" (1725), states that one Atkins, ten or twelve years in the trade, was among the first to catch sperm whales sometime around 1720.
Early 1700s.
Only a few sperm whales were recorded to have been caught during the first few decades (1709–1730s) of offshore whaling, as sloops concentrated on Nantucket Shoals where they would have taken Right Whales or were sent to the Davis Strait region to catch Bowhead Whales. By the early 1740s, with the advent of spermaceti candles (before 1743), American vessels appear to have begun to take sperm whales in earnest. The diary of Benjamin Bangs (1721–1769) shows that, along with the bumpkin sloop he was in, he found three other sloops with sperm whales being flensed alongside off the coast of North Carolina in late May 1743. On returning to Nantucket in the summer 1744 on a subsequent sperm whaling voyage he noted that "45 spermacetes are brought in here this day," another indication that American sperm whaling was in full swing.
Late 1700s.
American sperm whaling soon spread from the east coast of the American colonies to the Gulf Stream, the Grand Banks, West Africa (1763), the Azores (1765) and the South Atlantic (1770s). From 1770 to 1775 Massachusetts, New York, Connecticut, and Rhode Island ports produced 45,000 barrels of sperm oil annually, compared to 8,500 of whale oil. In the same decade the British began sperm whaling, employing American ships and personnel. By the following decade the French had entered the trade, also employing American expertise. Sperm whaling increased until the mid-19th century, as spermaceti oil was important in public lighting (for example, in lighthouses, where it was used in the United States until 1862, when it was replaced by lard oil, which was quickly replaced by petroleum) and for lubricating the machines (such as those used in cotton mills) of the Industrial Revolution. Sperm whaling declined in the second half of the 19th century, as petroleum and other products began to replace spermaceti.
1800s.
Sperm whaling in the 18th century began with small sloops carrying only a pair of whaleboats (sometimes only one). As the scope and size of the fleet increased so did the rig of the vessels change, as brigs, schooners, and finally ships and barks were introduced. In the 19th century stubby, square-rigged ships (and later barks) dominated the fleet, being sent to the Pacific (the first being the British whaleship "Emilia", in 1788), the Indian Ocean (1780s), and as far away as the Japan grounds (1820) and the coast of Arabia (1820s), as well as Australia (1790s) and New Zealand (1790s).
Sperm whaling involved the above-named ships searching for sperm whales on certain "grounds," or areas where sperm whales were likely to be found, such as the "Western" Ground in the mid-North Atlantic or the "Offshore" Ground in the latitudes of 5–10 degrees south and 105–125 degrees west longitude. The whales were spotted from one of the several look-outs stationed at the mast-heads. When a whale was found, whaleboats would be lowered and a harpoon attached to a long line would be thrown into it. The whale would then drag the boats until it was too tired to resist, at which point the crew would lance it to death.
Hunting for sperm whales during this period was a notoriously dangerous affair for the crews of the whaleboats. Although a properly harpooned sperm whale generally exhibited a fairly consistent pattern of attempting to flee underwater to the point of exhaustion (at which point it would surface and offer no further resistance), it was not uncommon for bull whales to become enraged and turn to attack pursuing whaleboats on the surface, particularly if it had already been wounded by repeated harpooning attempts. A commonly reported tactic was for the whale to invert itself and violently thrash the surface of the water with its fluke, flipping and crushing nearby boats.
Particularly massive sperm whale specimens have also proven willing (on rare occasions) to attack comparably sized whaleships. In the most famous example, on November 20, 1820 a huge bull sperm whale (purportedly 85-ft in length) rammed the 87-ft Nantucket whaleship "Essex" twice, staving in the hull under the waterline and forcing the crew to abandon ship. After months adrift in lifeboats, the crew was eventually forced to resort to cannibalism, with only 8 out of the 20 sailors surviving until rescue; a 21st sailer had jumped ship in South America before the attack. The bull was unwounded and unprovoked at the time of the attack, but the crew of the "Essex" was in the process of hunting several smaller females from a nearby pod. Recent analysis suggests that the commotion and the bull's possible extreme size may have caused it to falsely identify the similarly-sized "Essex" as an intruding competitive male. Bull sperm whales (especially older, solitary bulls) are known to battle amongst themselves for dominance by ramming each other, with the heavy, spermaceti-filled head spaces providing the biological equivalent of a weighted boxing glove. Another proposed factor was the vibrations from repeated sledgehammer blows as the ship's hull was being repaired prior to the attack, which scientists suggest might have carried into the water and unintentionally mimicked the echolocation "clicks" that sperm whales generate to identify and communicate with each other.
The other recorded case of a sperm whale attacking a large ship was that of the New Bedford whaleship "Ann Alexander" which was rammed and sunk by a wounded and enraged bull off the Galapagos Islands whaling grounds in 1851, just miles from the spot where the "Essex" had been sunk 31 years prior. The large and unusually aggressive bull had already attacked and chewed to pieces two pursuing whaleboats before eventually turning on the "Ann Alexander" itself and ramming it just above the keel at an estimated speed of 15 knots. The crew were forced to abandon ship, but unlike the "Essex" all were recovered safely within days. The bull (whose unusual aggressiveness was eventually blamed on old age and pain from disease) was later discovered floating on the surface, mortally injured and "full of wooden splinters" from the attack.
American writer Herman Melville was inspired by the account of the "Essex", and used some facts from the story, as well as his own eighteen-month experience as a sailor aboard a commercial whaler, to write his epic 1851 novel on the oil whaling industry, Moby Dick.
1900s.
Whaling activity declined from the 1880s until 1946, but picked up again after World War II. Modern whaling was more efficient than open-boat whaling, using steam powered ships and exploding harpoons. Initially, modern whaling activity focused on large baleen whales, but as these populations were decimated, sperm whaling increased. Cosmetics, soap and machine oil formed the major uses of sperm whale products during this time. After sperm whale populations declined significantly, the species was given full protection by the International Whaling Commission in 1985. Hunting of sperm whales by Japan in the northern Pacific Ocean continued until 1988.
Effect on sperm whale population.
It is estimated that the historic worldwide sperm whale population numbered 1,100,000 before commercial sperm whaling began in the early 18th century. By 1880 it had declined an estimated 29 per cent. From that date until 1946 the population appears to have recovered somewhat as whaling pressure lessened, but after the Second World War, with the industry's focus again on sperm whales, the population declined even further to only 33 per cent. It has been estimated that in the 19th century between 184,000 and 236,000 sperm whales were killed by the various whaling nations, while in the modern era, at least 770,000 were taken, the majority between 1946 and 1980.
Remaining sperm whale populations are large enough so that the species' conservation status is vulnerable, rather than endangered. However, the recovery from the whaling years is a slow process, particularly in the South Pacific, where the toll on males of a breeding age was severe.

</doc>
<doc id="20103599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20103599" title="History of the University of Santo Tomas">
History of the University of Santo Tomas

The University of Santo Tomas is one of the oldest existing universities and holds the oldest extant university charter in the Philippines and in Asia. It was founded on April 28, 1611 by the third Archbishop of Manila, Miguel de Benavides, together with Frs. Domingo de Nieva and Bernardo de Santa Catalina. It was originally conceived as a school to prepare young men for the priesthood. Located within Intramuros, the Walled City, it was first called Colegio de Nuestra Señora del Santísimo Rosario and later renamed Colegio de Santo Tomás in memory of Dominican theologian Saint Thomas Aquinas. In 1624, the Colegio was authorized to confer academic degrees in Theology, Philosophy and Arts. On November 20, 1645 Pope Innocent X elevated the College to the rank of a university and in 1680 it was placed under royal patronage.
Through the centuries, the University was given the following titles: Royal, Pontifical, and Catholic University of the Philippines. In 1785, for the loyalty shown by the administration and students who volunteered to defend Manila against the British invasion, King Charles III of Spain granted it the title of "Royal University". Pope Leo XIII made the University of Santo Tomas a "Pontifical University" on 1902 and in 1947, Pope Pius XII bestowed upon it the title of "The Catholic University of the Philippines". Thus its complete name is The Royal and Pontifical University of Santo Tomas, The Catholic University of the Philippines ().
In 1927, with the continuing increase in enrollment, the University moved from Intramuros to its present site which covers an area of 21.5 hectares in the district of Sampaloc, Manila. Since its foundation, the University's academic life has been interrupted only twice: 1898 to 1899, during the Philippine revolution against Spain; and 1942 to 1945, during the Japanese occupation of Manila, when the University of Santo Tomas was transformed by the Japanese military into an internment camp.
Founder.
Although a few Dominican Missionaries worked together to establish the University – including Fr. Miguel de Benavides, Fr. Bernardo Navarro, and other old professors from the higher colleges and universities in Spain – the founding of the University is attributed mainly to Fr. Miguel de Benavides, the first to give a fund for the maintenance of the institution.
Miguel de Benavides was born in 1550 in the Castilian town of Carrion de los Condes, province of Palencia, Spain, in the heart of the austere, grain-producing Tierra de Campos. Benavides is Spanish Dominican steeped in the theological principles of Vitoria and Las Casas, who exchanged the prestigious professorial chair for remote and difficult new missions of the Philippines. He was chosen to govern the newly created Diocese of Nueva Segovia (now Vigan) as its First Bishop (1595–1601). He wrote the Doctrina Christiana in Chinese, the first book printed in the Philippines.
Later, he was promoted to be the Third Archbishop of Manila (1602–1605). On July 26, 1605, Benavides died.
In an appearance before King Philip II, he obtained a royal decree ordering the holding a referendum in the Philippines towards political self-determination. It took place in 1599. The people chose to be under the sovereignty and protection of the monarch. This event was the only plebiscite known in the entire colonial history before the 20th century.
Benavides monument.
In December 1878 the University Rector conceived the idea of erecting a monument with a statue of the founder in the Plaza de Santo Tomás in Intramuros. The Benavides Monument was made in Paris in 1889 through funds collected by the faculty, students and friends of the university. It was inaugurated on July 2, 1891 – opening of the school year. The monument is a bronze figure of Benavides on a pedestal facing the old UST campus in Intramuros. The base of the statue has the name of the sculptor and year of the make: Tony Noel, 1889. The pedestal was decorated with the seals of the Dominican Order and the university, as well as plaques on which were written the history of UST and a brief biography of the archbishop.
The statue was blown from its place by an artillery shell during the 1945 Battle of Manila, completely obliterating its marble pedestal. It was re-erected on November 13, 1946 inside the UST campus in Sampaloc, Manila.
His present bronze statue in front of the Main Building of the Sampaloc campus, rises on top of a granite pedestal flanked by four lions each bearing the coats-of-arms of the Philippines, Spain, Holy See, and the Dominican Order. He dons the rugged habit of the pioneer Dominican missionaries. His right hand is elevated in the preaching fashion, his index finger pointing to heavens. His left hand rests on his chest holding a book bearing the words Santo Evangélico on its cover. A skull cap covers his head, and a pectoral cross hangs from his neck, the symbols of Episcopal dignity.
Establishment.
The University seems to have originated from the Dominican Conventual School of Santo Domingo (known often by the name of Our Lady of the Holy Rosary) with which it carried a common existence until 1611. The Dominican Order arrived in 1587. A program was held to solemnize the feast of St. Dominic, an old university student at Palencia and the founder of Order of Preachers. The celebration was held in the main hall of the Cathedral in the presence of prominent dignitaries of all religious orders and of the civil authorities. The academic act was directed by a professor of Theology, Pedro de Soto.
From that moment Bishop Domingo de Salazar – first Bishop of the Philippines – was inspired to found a College-University similar to those in Mexico, where religious and lay persons might pursue college studies; and to begin with, a "School of Grammar" was established in addition to the "Escuela de Tiples". At that same time, it was determined that fathers Miguel de Benavides and Miguel de Santamaria give conferences in the Episcopal Palace in the Cathedral, and in the Convent-School of Santo Domingo.
In his will dated July 26, 1605, Feast of St. Anne, Fray Miguel de Benavides, O.P. made provision for the foundation of the institution by bequeathing his library and goods valued at ₱1,500 which served as the nucleus of funds for the establishment of an institution of higher learning. This nucleus was increased to ₱7,140 by donations made by Pablo Rodríguez, Andrés Hermosa, and Juan Morales. After Benavides' death, in the same year, his confreres carried on - albeit with small funds - in order to realize his idea. As Fr. Sánchez wrote in his book, "Few Institutions have begun their lives in this world with such scanty material means as did our University."
In 1609, permission to open the College was requested from King Philip III, which only reached Manila in 1611. On April 28, 1611, the Document of Foundation was signed by Fr. Baltasar Fort, O.P., Provincial of the Dominican Province of the Holy Rosary, Fr. Francisco Minayo, O.P., Prior of the Santo Domingo Convent, and Fr. Bernardo de Santa Catalina, O.P., Commissary-General of the Holy Office of the Philippines, which thus converted into University thirty-four years later. Notary Juan Illian witnessed the signing of the act of foundation.
It was Fr. Bernardo de Santa Catalina who executed the document of foundation stating that "the residue of his (Benavides') legacy should be applied to the founding and endowing of a college. He carried out Benavides’ wishes and was able to secure a building near the Dominican church and convent in Intramuros for the College.
The historians of the University affirmed that it was "the outgrowth if the early educational labors inaugurated by the Dominican Order shortly after the arrival (in this country) of its first missionaries in 1587."
Early years.
The institution started its operation with courses in Theology, Arts, and Philosophy as the College of Our Lady of the Most Holy Rosary (). In 1617, the College was renamed as College of Santo Tomas () after the Dominican theologian St. Thomas Aquinas (1225–1274).
Prior to the Act of Foundation, King Philip III granted, through the Governor-General, the permission to open a college in Manila. So in 1612, Fr. Domingo Gonzalez, O.P., Lector of the Santo Domingo Convent, was appointed to work on the completion the organization of the college. In that same year, when classes also began, the Dominican Province of the Holy Rosary accepted the College, an act which amounted to the Dominican Order's assuming the responsibility in the operation of the institution. In 1619, in the name of King Philip IV, the Governor-General of the Philippines, gave his approval. The Holy See granted, although indirectly or implicitly, recognition to the new College in 1619. In 1627, Pope Urban VIII also authorized the College to confer academic degrees, so that the said academic degrees had both royal and papal approval. Although the College had only been in operation for a few years, records show that degrees were already being conferred in 1640.
Upon petition of King Philip IV, Pope Innocent X converted the College into a University on November 20, 1645, in his brief, "In Supreminenti", thus conferring upon it the status of University under the patronage of the Holy See. UST was later recognized as a "university for life" by the Real Audencia of Spain. Then on May 12, 1680, King Charles II of Spain extended Royal Patronage to the University. It was also that year in 1645 that the Master General of the Dominican Order, acting under the authority granted by the Roman Pontiff, assumed the authority to appoint its Rector and with to "have charge of the healthy and happy direction of the University". It was thus a confirmation of the fact that the Rector of the University became the highest administrator of the University, with the implementation of the different curricula, methods of instruction, and the adoption of "laudable customs of other universities". The course in Canon Law was started in 1732.
The campus stood in Intramuros opposite the old Church of Santo Domingo. It is a site which was bounded on the north by Calle Aduana, on the east by Plaza España, on the south by Plaza Santo Tomás, and on the west by the Ayuntamiento. The edifice had a lower and upper floor and area of .
Spanish monarchs.
The series of benefices, favors and privileges granted to UST by the Spanish monarchs started in 1609 when Philip III issued a royal cédula requesting from the governor and the audencia a report on the projected college. He petitioned Pope Paul V for the granting of faculties of Philosophy and Theology. These faculties were implemented by order of Philip IV in 1624, and three years later this monarch petitioned Rome for the extension of these faculties for an additional ten years. He was the same monarch who petitioned the Pope to elevate the college to the level of a university in 1645. 
King Charles II, in 1680, added to this list of benefices already granted by his predecessors, when in Royal Cedula he formally declared that the University be placed under his royal patronage.
Another Royal Cédula of Charles II, with two others from Philip V, his successor, resulted in 1733 in the creation of the Faculties of Civil and Canon Laws. At the same time, the Holy See granted the university faculties to give academic degrees in those two disciplines and in others that might eventually be established.
In 1781 King Charles III authorized the University to prepare its own statutes, independent of those of the University of Mexico through, which, up to that time, the University was governed.
When, in 1762, Manila was occupied briefly by the British, the Rector of the University, Fr. Domingo Collantes, organized four companies of university youth to help in the defense of the city. Acknowledging this act of fidelity and patriotism, the same King Charles III, in his Royal Cédula of March 7, 1785, expressed his "gratitude and benevolence," and renewed his protection and patronage, and granted the University the title of "Very Loyal", as well as the title and honors corresponding to it, as a "Royal University". 
In 1865 Queen Isabel II declared the University of Santo Tomas the center for public education throughout the Philippines, and affiliated to her all colleges and schools throughout the country, and constituting the Rector of the University the supervisor and inspector of all the centers of learning so affiliated to the University.
In 1871 the Faculties of Medicine and Pharmacy were established, and three years later, by authority of a Royal Order given by Alfonso XII, the School for Notaries was created.
In 1649, in response to the expressions of royal concern shown over its welfare, the university community addressed Philip IV, saying that the University "requests Your Royal Highness that you keep her within your Royal Solicitude, because she has been, from her very beginnings, a fruit of your royal bounty, and from the desire that she should grow and progress ever through efforts so Royal and so Catholic."
In expression of gratitude for the nearly 300 years of royal benevolence and to establish a continuous affinity between Spain and UST, the University bestowed the title of Royal Patron to King Juan Carlos (Royal House of Bourbon) of Spain in February 1974 (then Prince of Spain).
Eighteenth century.
Title of Royal University.
Philip IV had granted his Royal approval on November 27, 1623. Official royal patronage was accorded to the University on May 12, 1680, by King Charles II of Spain.
However, the title "Royal University" was only bestowed by King Charles III on May 20, 1785 during the eight-year term of Fr. Domingo Collantes, O.P.. The title "Real" was given to the UST in recognition of its loyalty to the Crown after the University volunteered its students for the military defense of Manila during the recurrence of war between the allied countries of France, Spain against England.
Nineteenth century.
The 1865 decree for the revamp of secondary education brought about major developments for UST. It was tasked as a Bureau of Education with the Rector as its director. This meant that UST was to handle all matters pertaining to secondary education from the appointment of the school professors; the submission of grades, and the signing of the awarding of diplomas to the bachelor of arts graduates.
In 1870 Segismundo Moret, the Minister of colonies, issued two decrees that totally reorganized the Philippine education system. The first decree abolished all secondary schools and placed them under a single "Instituto Filipino." The second decree converted the University of Santo Tomas, being the only official institution of higher learning in the islands, into a "Universidad de Filipinas", thus the name Royal and Pontifical University of the Philippines.
The fall of the Spanish liberal government (which led to Moret's removal) and the monarchical restoration abolished these decrees. The university was handed back to the Dominicans. It was only be in 1877 that Spain recognized the university again as an institution administered by the religious.
The University closed its doors during the Philippine Revolution of 1896 because of the ensuing disorder. It reopened though for the school year 1897–1898 when the rebels retreated to the provinces. The arrival of the Spanish-American War to the Philippines and the resumption of the Revolution in 1898 led again to the suspension of classes. UST closed for the school year 1898–1899.
José Rizal.
José Rizal, national hero of the Philippines, entered the University in 1877. He enrolled in the pre-Law course, which was made up of philosophical subjects. The course was called Metaphysics. He passed the course with the highest grades.
He later chose to enter a career in medicine. And in 1878–1879, he took simultaneously the pre-Medical course and the first year of Medicine; this was against the rules, but Rizal was favored with a dispensation which few received. The pre-Medicine course was called "Ampliacion", because the student, having taken already Physics, Chemistry, and Natural History in the high school, now took an advanced course on the same subjects. Rizal did not take in Santo Tomas "class of physics" he described in El Filibusterismo, but the course of "Ampliacion".
While studying medicine, Rizal remained an above-average, although his grades were not high as those that he received in classes in the arts and letters. This continued even in his later studies in Madrid. Rizal was not recorded to have ever complained about his grades in the University, while he did complain about those he received in Madrid.
In the fourth and last year in the University, only seven students remained, and Rizal was one of them. And he ended that year in second place.
Twentieth century.
Following the requirements of Act No. 1459 also known as the Corporation Law of 1906, the University was incorporated. The application contained the following statements: "That the name of the corporation is and will be known as the "Royal and Pontifical University of Santo Tomas" and abbreviated as "University of Santo Tomas", "that the corporation is located in Manila with its main office at 139 Calle de Sto. Tomas, Intramuros""
At the beginning of the 20th century, a 21.5 hectares land at the Sulucan Hills in Sampaloc, Manila was donated by Francisca Bustamante Bayot to the Dominican fathers for the University's expansion outside the Intramuros campus. In 1927, Main Building, the first earthquake-proof building in the Philippines, was then inaugurated at the Sulucan site.
For the first time in the history of UST, the Faculty of Pharmacy opened its doors to women in the academic year 1924–1925. It was one of the first universities in the Philippines to become co-educational when it admitted women. There were 24 women enrollees out of the 93 who matriculated for the said Faculty that school year. The University, however, had been granting certificates through the School of Midwifery since 1879. Permission was given to the College of Education in 1926, to Faculty of Philosophy and Letters in 1927 followed by the Faculty of Medicine and Surgery and College of Commerce in 1932. The admission of women no longer became an issue in later years. Only the Faculties of Sacred Theology, Canon Law, and Philosophy remained exclusively for men.
In 1925, it became one of the first universities in the Philippines to require the use of English as a medium of instruction, to replace Spanish. When it was appropriate to Filipinize the administration, Fr. Leonardo Z. Legazpi, O.P. became the first Filipino Rector of UST on October 9, 1971.
Title of Pontifical University.
On September 17, 1902, in his constitution, "Quae Mari Sinico", Pope Leo XIII bestowed upon the University the title of Pontifical University.
This title may be considered a reiteration of the honor and protection previously granted when, in 1619, the Holy See had already issued the brief "Charissimi in Christo", which enabled students who had studied in the Dominican Colleges of the Indies for five years to receive degrees, in 1629 and 1639 by Pope Urban VIII, and in 1645, when Pope Innocent X converted the College of Santo Tomas into a University.
UST is Asia's only remaining Pontifical university. Annuario Pontificio, the annual official directory of the Holy See, in its edition for the year 2000, lists all the Catholic and or Pontifical institutes of higher learning, grouping them into two categories: Roman Ateneums and Catholic Universities. Only 24 are called Pontifical, and of these 24, six are located in Rome (Gregorian University, Lateran University, Urbanian University, University of Santo Tomas (known as The Angelicum), Salisian University and Holy Cross University); three are in Europe; fourteen in Latin America; and one in Asia, this one being the University of Santo Tomas of Manila. The oldest university to be denominated by the Holy See as Pontifical is the Jesuit Gregorian University in Rome. Although founded in 1551, it was Pope Pius IX who, in 1873, permitted the school to assume the title of ‘Pontifical University.’” All the other abovementioned 23 universities received the title of Pontifical in the 20th century. The University of Santo Tomas of Manila, the oldest of them, is second only to the Gregorian University to be declared Pontifical by the apostolic constitution Quae Mari Sinico in 1902.
Tricentennial celebration.
For five days, on December 16–20, 1911, the University celebrated its 300th Anniversary. The main features of the celebration included: a Solemn High Mass in honor of the founder of the University, Miguel de Benavides; the unveiling of the commemorative plaque for the festivities; the unveiling of a plaque placed at the pedestal of the statue of Benavides in the College site in Intramuros; the laying of the foundation stone for the future building at University in Sampaloc; and a big banquet.
Around 300 guests, both civil and ecclesiastical authorities, professors, and alumni of the University attended the banquet at the Colegio de San Juan de Letran. The solemn investiture of the latest graduates of the University was held in the Santo Domingo Church.
The laying of the cornerstone of a new building of the University in Sampaloc was hailed by the people. On the last day of the celebrations, a fireworks display was held.
Pope Pius X, and members of the Philippine Hierarchy sent congratulatory messages to the University on the occasion of its Tricentenary celebrations.
World War II.
During World War II, the Japanese converted the campus into an internment camp for civilians, foreigners and POWs. War crimes against American soldiers (Filipino soldiers were granted amnesty) and civilians living abroad occurred in Santo Tomas.
On the evening of January 2, soon after the Japanese forces entered Manila, as well as on January 3, many Americans and other Allied citizens were taken to the University Camp. The camp population totaled 3,259 of which 2,200 were American, 74 British, 920 Dutch, 28 Polish, 36 Mexicans and 1 Nicaraguan.
All the buildings of the University in Sampaloc with the exception of the Seminary, the Printing Press and two first floors of Main Building were occupied. The war internees occupied three floors of the Main Building, the entire Education Building (presently UST Hospital), the Domestic Science building, and the School of Mines building. Communication between them and the outside world was prevented by the Japanese as much as possible.
Outside fences in España avenue were completely covered with tall "sawali" (woven bamboo matting), while the concrete walls on all other sides of the Campus remained high, preventing view between the internees and the outside world. The years of Japanese occupation were years of great suffering for the internees.
The University authorities cooperated with the internees and the Japanese officials. They were given several duties by the Japanese, which they performed. Dominican Fathers were still allowed to direct the use of disposition of the University buildings, equipment, and power plant, although subject to the final approval or disapproval of the Japanese authorities.
During the liberation of Manila buildings of the University in Intramuros, as well as in Sampaloc were damaged or destroyed. The facility in Intramuros was burned on February 8, 1944. As for those in Sampaloc, though they were not destroyed, some portions were slightly damaged during the shellings, including the rooms on the West of the Main Building, some rooms of the Education building, and the University gymnasium.
There were about 335 casualties among the internees, 35 died and 300 were wounded. Some were buried in a vacant lot outside the Forbes gate, and others were buried inside the campus.
The Dominicans, who introduced the first printing press in the Philippines, were fortunate to have been able to transfer the UST printing press from Intramuros to the España campus in the nick of time in 1940, a year before the Pearl Harbor bombing.
Title of Catholic University of the Philippines.
On April 30, 1947, Pope Pius XII, through the Decree "Sacrae Congregationis de Seminariis et Studiorum Universitatibus", bestowed upon it the title of "The Catholic University of the Philippines". The UST is the only Catholic university in the region and in terms of student population, the largest Catholic University in the world located in one campus.
Semiseptcentennial celebration.
Throughout 1961, the University celebrated its 350th year. The principal festivities such as the alumni banquet and the Gala Concert were held on March 4–7, 1961.
Pope John XXII sent a warm personal letter to the University. He called the University "Christianae Sapientiae emicantissimum" or the "most resplendent light of Christian Wisdom" in the seven page communication dispatched to Manila from the Vatican through the Apostolic Nuncio. Through the Rector Magnificus, the Pope extended his felicitations on the University's golden jubilee and maternal blessings for continued growth, prosperity, and peace. He also congratulate the University for being "A very valid bulwark of Christian civilization".
Modern history.
After 400 years, the University has five clusters of discipline: Science and Technology; Arts and the Humanities; Education and the Social Sciences; Medicine and Health, and the Ecclesiastical Faculties – spread over 19 faculties, colleges, and institutes.
Since its establishment in 1611, the University's academic life was interrupted only twice: from 1898 to 1899, during the Philippine Revolution against Spain, and from 1942 to 1945, during the Japanese occupation of the country. In its long history, the university has been under the leadership of more than 90 Rectors. UST's first Filipino rector was Fr. Leonardo Legaspi, O.P. who served UST from 1971–1977. Its current rector is Fr. Rolando V. de la Rosa, O.P.
In recognition of its achievements, a number of important dignitaries have officially visited the university, among them, during the last three decades: Pope Paul VI on November 28, 1970; King Juan Carlos I of Spain in 1974 and 1995; Mother Teresa of Calcutta in January 1977 and again in November 1984; Pope John Paul II on February 18, 1981 and January 13, 1995 (as part of the World Youth Day 1995).
Quadricentennial celebration.
The agenda ahead of the University's quadricentennial in 2011 includes the introduction of new academic programs, improvements in the University's infrastructure, and other projects to raise UST’s national and international prominence and promote its role as a social catalyst.
Plans to open satellite campuses in Santa Rosa, Laguna and another in General Santos City are being put in place.
Physical developments for the Sampaloc campus are ongoing. The Plaza Mayor in front the Main Building, together with the Quadricentennial Square which will feature the Tetraglobal sculpture, the Quadricentennial Fountain, and the Quadricentennial Alumni Walkway were constructed in 2006. To accommodate the needs of extra space for the growing number of student activities, the UST Tan Yan Kee Student Center was built in front of the Miguel de Benavides Library. The more than 80-year old Main Building, and the artifacts and art works in the UST Museum of Arts and Sciences were recently placed under the preservation of the UST Heritage Conservation program in December 2008.
The UST Benavides Cancer Institute, part of the five-year redevelopment plan and expansion of the UST Hospital for its 60 year celebration and the quadricentennial celebration, was also established in the year 2006.
Part of the University's infrastructure modernization is the construction of the P800-million, state-of-the-art, four-storey gymnasium capable of seating 5,792, designed by Thomasian architects José Pedro Recio and Carmelo T. Casas. The construction has been completed in time for the Quadricentennial Celebration of the University. This is through the able leadership of the Rector of the University, Rev. Fr. Rolando V. de la Rosa, O.P. Another project which is under construction is the Thomasian Alumni Center, a 10-storey building that will be a symbol of the outstanding achievements of Thomasian alumni all over the world. Part of the construction cost has been donated by alumni, notably the UST Medical Alumni in America.
The UST Publishing House in 2001 launched its quadricentennial project, “400 Books at 400!”. From theology to literature to medicine-related disciplines written in both Filipino and English, the Publishing house is more than half way in completing its race.
Evolution of seals.
The official seal used by the University in 1868 to 1935 was a cardioid shield. On top of the seal was the world, the emblem of the university. A figure of a dog which symbolized fidelity was also seen together with the world. Below it was the sun of Aquinas. Just below the sun were three ovals. The left oval contained the Pontifical arms symbolizing the Apostolic concession by which the College of Santo Tomas was raised to be a university. The center oval contained the Dominican cross. It was also surrounded by white lilies and crowned by a star. The right oval contained the national arms of Spain (coat of arms of the Spanish East Indies) to indicate the protection which Philip IV vouchsafed to the University. On the topmost portion of the three ovals was a the world, the emblem of the University. The shield was surrounded by the Golden Fleece.
The 1935–1938 seal, 1937–1946 seal, and 1957–1983 seal had changes depending on the government/regime the Philippines had. The 1935–1938 seal contained the coat of arms of the Commonwealth of the Philippines. The coat of arms of the Spanish East Indies was retained in the 1937–1946 seal. The 1957–1983 seal replaced the coat of arms of the Commonwealth of the Philippines with the coat of arms of the Philippines.
When a new seal was unveiled in June 2011, it received several negative feedback from the students through social networking sites like Facebook and Twitter. The changes were made after the Curia in Rome suggested for a uniformity in the titles and name of UST. The university's council of Regents decided to include UST's name in the new seal and drop the titles of Royal and Pontifical because they are not part of the official name of university. The seal was revised a month after and is currently being used today.
The present seal bears the honorific titles and the name of the university.

</doc>
<doc id="20103627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20103627" title="I Do You">
I Do You

"I Do You" is the title of a song by the American dance-pop sibling group, The Jets. It was written by Stephen Bray (who is perhaps best known for his frequent collaborations with Madonna during the 1980s) and Linda Mallah.
Released as the second single from The Jets' multi-platinum album "Magic", the song was somewhat successful on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart, where it reached number 20. It reached number 19 on the R&B chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20103628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20103628" title="Zoogonidae">
Zoogonidae

The Zoogonidae are a family of parasitic flatworms. They are the namesake family of the suborder Zoogonata in the order Plagiorchiida.
Selected genera are:

</doc>
<doc id="20103653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20103653" title="Popular cat names">
Popular cat names

The popularity of cat names differs by nation, even nations with the same language, and new names become popular over time. Ranking of the popularity of cat names can be approximated using statistics from pet insurance registrations or from other companies that keep records of many cats. At least one website for pet owners also provides such a list.
In the English language.
Adrian Franklin, senior lecturer of the School of Sociology and Social Work at the University of Tasmania and author of "Animals and Modern Cultures", told the "Sunday Tasmanian" in 2001: "In the 1950s and '60s dogs and cats were given 'dog' and 'cat' names. [...] Cats had names like 'Blackie' and 'Spotty', names that illustrated their physical appearance. The 1980s marked a turning point, with the 10 most popular dog names all being compatible as human names, but in the '90s this progressed even further. People are now giving animals the same names as contemporary names given to babies." He believed that as people have fewer children or no children at all, pets become more important in their lives.
In Australia, the United Kingdom and in the United States, news accounts have noted that the same popular baby names were also being given to pets. The new names for dogs more closely echoed human baby names, said Lindsey Basserabie,a company official, but the trend occurred for both pet species. "In fact, this year's list of top 10 dog and cat names could nearly be straight from the birth pages." In the United States, according to an article in "The Tampa Tribune", some of the most popular cat names also appeared on the Social Security Administration's list of most common baby names: "Isabella (Bella) is No. 4 for girls, and Sophia ranks ninth on both the Social Security and pet lists."
Australia.
According to "Bow Wow Meow", an Australian company that provides pet tags to pet stores and veterinarians, the 10 most popular cat names its Australian customers chose, as of 2010, are:
In 2006, a survey of 270,000 Nestle Purina PetCare customers in Australia came up with these most popular cat names:
United Kingdom.
In 2006, Direct Line, a pet insurance company, created this list of the most popular cat names chosen by its customers: The company's lists of popular cat and dog names "overlaps heavily with the same year’s 100 most popular children’s names in England and Wales", according to Melissa Lafsky, writing in the "Freakonomics" blog at the "New York Times" website:
Another survey conducted in 2006 came up with different results. In that poll, conducted for the Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, 2,000 people in the United Kingdom were asked about their pets' names. The most popular names were:
A 1998 poll in Britain conducted for Petplan, an animal insurer, found the most popular cat names to be Charlie, Milly, Oscar, Tiger, Poppy, Sophie, Rosie, Smudge and Lucy.
United States.
According 2005-2006 statistics from the American Pet Products Manufacturers Association 34 percent of United States households own at least one cat, an estimated 90 million cats in total.
The United States' largest pet insurer, Veterinary Pet Insurance (VPI), releases annual rankings of its customers' most popular cat names and dog names. The 2010 list (based on information from 2009 and released in January 2010) was gathered from 475,000 policies. Curtis Steinhoff, senior director of corporate communications for VPI, attributed the popularity of "Bella" (No. 3 on the cat list but No. 1 for dogs) on the 2010 list as probably having "something to do with Bella being the name of the heroine in a certain vampire book/film series that's pretty popular these days."
In the 2012 list from VPI (collected from information from 2011) listed the top 5 female cat names as Bella, Lucy, Kitty, Chloe and Sophie. The top 5 male cat names were Max, Oliver, Charlie, Tiger and Smokey. 
In 2009, the "Chicago Sun-Times" reported that according to government databases, the three most popular cat names in that city were, in order, Kitty, Tiger and Max. In 2004, the same newspaper reported differently based on information from the Cook County Department of Animal Control. The "Sun-Times" reported in 1987 that the same Cook County department had checked its database of 27,863 cats that had been vaccinated from 1984 through 1986 and found yet different results.
Finally, Gallup poll of 1,242 Americans was completed in 1990. The results of all of the above polls are summarized in the table below:
In other languages.
Germany.
In Germany, "'exotic English and other non-German names are popular with German pet owners", according to an article in the About.com website. Typical, clichéd names for cats in Germany include that language's equivalent for "kitty", "Mieze" or "Miezekatze" ("pussycat"). "Muschi" was also quite common and carries the same meanings as "pussy" in English, which led to its sharp decline as a popular name in the last 20 years.
According to another About.com article, one German list of popular cat names in that country gave these rankings:
In 2006, according to an article in "The Guardian" the three most popular cat names in Germany were Felix, Gismo and Charlie.
Quebec (Canada).
According to a survey by the website Veterinet, the 10 most popular cat names in Quebec are:
Veterinet found that nine out of the ten names are the same as 15 years ago, but in a different order. They also discovered that the 25 most popular cat names in Quebec sound French.
Cultural references to the naming of cats.
Cat names were the subject of T.S. Eliot’s fanciful, well-known poem "The Naming of Cats", written in the 1930s and first published in Old Possum's Book of Practical Cats in 1939.

</doc>
<doc id="20103672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20103672" title="David G. Booth">
David G. Booth

David G. Booth is an American businessman. He is the co-founder and co-CEO of Dimensional Fund Advisors (along with Rex Sinquefield and Eduardo Repetto, respectively). In 2008, he donated $300 million to the University of Chicago Graduate School of Business, which is the largest donation ever given to a business school.
It has since been renamed the University of Chicago Booth School of Business. He earned his MBA degree from the school in 1971.
Booth grew up in Lawrence, Kansas.
Career.
Booth graduated from Lawrence High School in Lawrence, Kansas and then received a B.A. in economics in 1968 and an M.S. in business in 1969 from the University of Kansas, also located in Lawrence.
He then enrolled at the University of Chicago GSB in 1969 as a doctoral student, leaving in 1971 with an M.B.A. degree. He was a research assistant to Eugene Fama, and met his future business partner, Rex Sinquefield at the school.
After pioneering index fund investing at Wells Fargo Bank, he joined with Sinquefield in 1981 to form Dimensional Fund Advisors. The fund focuses on investment strategies in "small" (low capitalization) stocks, as well as "value" (low price/book ratio) and non-U.S. stocks. The firm, which is privately held, manages about $206.5 billion.
He has published several academic articles including "Diversification Returns and Asset Management" with Eugene Fama. The article won the 1992 Graham and Dodd Award of Excellence from the Financial Analysts Journal.
David Booth has served on many institutional boards, including as a Governor of the Kravis Leadership Institute and the UCLA Foundation; as a Trustee of the American Academy in Rome and the Paintings Conservation Council of the J. Paul Getty Trust; as a Trustee of the University of Chicago; as a member of the Board of Directors of Georgetown University; and as a Trustee of the University of Kansas Endowment Association.
Philanthropy.
David Booth has been recognized for making one of the largest endowments to an American university in history, giving $300 million to his alma mater, the University of Chicago's Graduate School of Business, in November 2008. Booth graduated from the university in 1971 with a Masters in Business Administration. He is a trustee of the school, which is now named The University of Chicago Booth School of Business in his honor.
The payment towards the university is being spread over a period of years, and will be partly in cash and in the form of a considerable share of stock in the finance firm's parent company, Dimensional Holdings. The fund's general purpose is to further the school publications and research centers, as well as the faculty's professional development. The fund also provides for opportunities to expand the university's reputation as a regional player through its international campuses in London and Singapore.
In 1997 Booth, along with his wife, also gave $10 million to support the construction of a campus building.
David and his wife Suzanne Deal Booth were named by BusinessWeek as number 34 of 2008's 50 Top American Givers. The list recognizes annually the 50 most generous American philanthropists. They are cited as having donated $309 million between the years 2004–2008.
In 2004 the Booth family gave $9 million to the University of Kansas to fund the Booth Family Hall of Athletics attached to Allen Fieldhouse.
Their philanthropy focus has been educational institutions and art restoration projects. In 1998 Booth created the Friends of Heritage Preservation, which acts as a rapid response team for art preservation initiatives, whose area of focus ranges from entire historical sites to single works of art.
In 2010 the Booths purchased James Naismith's original 1891 copy of the Rules of basketball#Original rules for $4,338,500, which included $3.7 million as the final price for the copy of the rules as well as the auction house fees and a buyer's premium. The purchase price set a world record for sports memorabilia. Booth purchased the document at Sotheby's auction from the charitable Naismith International Basketball Foundation, in order to display them at his alma mater, the University of Kansas, where Naismith was a coach and educator for decades. The purchase of this historical artifact was documented in the ESPN 30 for 30 program "There's No Place Like Home" directed by Josh Swade and Maura Mandt.
Family.
He married Suzanne Deal Booth in 1988. The couple has two children, Erin Deal Booth and David Chandler Booth.

</doc>
<doc id="20103700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20103700" title="Rocket 2 U">
Rocket 2 U

"Rocket 2 U" is a song by the American dance-pop sibling group, The Jets. It was written and produced by Bobby Nunn. The single received a nomination for Best R&B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals at the 31st Grammy Awards in 1989. 
Released as the third single from The Jets' gold album, "Magic", in 1988, the song was the second most successful single released from the album, peaking at number six on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and number five on the R&B chart.

</doc>
<doc id="20103718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20103718" title="Nokia 7360">
Nokia 7360

Nokia 7360 fashion cell phone was released in 2006, as part of the "L'Amour Collection", along with the 7370, 7373, 7380 and the 7390. The 7360 was designed at Nokia's Design Center in California (Lead Designer: Miki Mehandjiysky). The Nokia 7360 was one of the first cell phones to implement the use of materials such as metal and leather in mass production.

</doc>
<doc id="20103726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20103726" title="Propaganda Man">
Propaganda Man

Propaganda Man is an album by Ray Wilson released in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20103749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20103749" title="Nucleic acid inhibitor">
Nucleic acid inhibitor

A nucleic acid inhibitor is a type of antibacterial that acts by inhibiting the production of nucleic acids. There are two major classes: DNA inhibitors and RNA inhibitors. The antifungal flucytosine acts in a similar manner.
DNA inhibitors.
DNA inhibitors (such as the quinolones, acting upon DNA gyrase as a topoisomerase inhibitor)
Another group of DNA inhibitors, including nitrofurantoin and metronidazole, act upon anaerobic bacteria. These act by generating metabolites that are incorporated into DNA strands, which then are more prone to breakage. These drugs are selectively toxic to anaerobic organisms, but can affect human cells.
Antifolates (DNA, RNA, and protein).
Antifolates act primarily as inhibitors of both RNA and DNA, and are often grouped with nucleic acid inhibitors in textbooks. However, they also act indirectly as protein synthesis inhibitors (because tetrahydrofolate is also involved in the synthesis of amino acids serine and methionine), so they are sometimes considered as their own category, antimetabolites. However, the term "antimetabolite", when used literally, can apply to many different classes of drugs.

</doc>
<doc id="20103768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20103768" title="General Land Exchange Act of 1922">
General Land Exchange Act of 1922

The General Land Exchange Act of 1922 (16 U.S.C. 485, 486) was signed into law by President of the United States Warren G. Harding on March 20, 1922
This act allowed the US Forest Service to consolidate its holdings in national forests where a large percentage of private lands were intermingled with forest lands. It made possible the exchange of inholdings within national forests for private lands of equal value and within the same state. 
This act also made for better management and administration in accordance with future planning initiatives because the process of a mutually desirable exchange was greatly simplified by this legislation to a matter of just signing papers.
Chief Forester William B. Greeley predicted in 1922 that "this law would probably be regarded as one of the half-dozen most important laws affecting the National Forests."

</doc>
<doc id="20103782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20103782" title="Anytime (The Jets song)">
Anytime (The Jets song)

"Anytime" is a song by the American dance-pop sibling group, The Jets. It was written by Rupert Holmes, best known for his 1979 hit "Escape (The Piña Colada Song)".
"Anytime" was released as the final single from their multi-platinum album, "Magic". It charted on the R&B chart in the U.S., reaching number 98 and number 35 on the Adult Contemporary chart in late 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="20103803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20103803" title="Prosthogonimidae">
Prosthogonimidae

The Prosthogonimidae are a family of parasitic flatworms. They are part of the huge of the suborder Plagiorchiata in the order Plagiorchiida. The adults of these parasites occur in the bursa of Fabricius, caecum, cloaca, liver, oviduct and sometimes even under the nictitating membrane of mammals and particularly birds.
Selected genera are:

</doc>
<doc id="20103840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20103840" title="You Better Dance">
You Better Dance

"You Better Dance" is the title of a song by the American dance-pop sibling group, The Jets. The song was released as the first single from their third album, "Believe", in 1989.
On the "Billboard" Hot 100, the song stalled at number 59. It only reached number 73 on the R&B chart but had some success on the dance chart, peaking at number 28.

</doc>
<doc id="20103858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20103858" title="List of Oni Press publications">
List of Oni Press publications

Oni Press is an American comic book company. They are known as a publisher of graphic novels, as well as for series like "Queen & Country".

</doc>
<doc id="20103864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20103864" title="John Charles (English footballer)">
John Charles (English footballer)

John W. Charles was an English professional footballer. He spent his entire professional career at Blackpool in the early 1900s, making over 200 Football League appearances for the club. He played as a midfielder.
Blackpool.
Crook-born Charles made his debut for Blackpool in the opening game of the 1912–13 season — a 1–1 draw at Grimsby Town. He went on to be ever-present in the club's 38 league games and two FA Cup ties against Tottenham Hotspur at White Hart Lane. He scored four goals in the league and both of the club's two goals in the FA Cup (the first in a 1–1 draw that took the tie to a replay; the second in a 6–1 defeat).
The following season, 1913–14, Charles made 31 league appearances and scored seven goals.
In 1914–15, he made 35 league appearances and scored six goals, five of which came in the final seven games of the campaign.
Four seasons of inter–war football ensued, after which, in 1919–20, Blackpool had appointed their first full-time manager in Bill Norman. Charles found himself alternating between the right and left flanks as he made 27 league appearances and scored four goals (including the only goal of the game in a victory over Bury at Bloomfield Road on 2 April. He also scored in their 4–1 FA Cup first-round replay victory at Derby County on 14 January.
In 1920–21, Charles appeared in 33 of the Blackpool's 42 league games, scoring three goals (including two in a 3–2 home victory over South Shields on 19 March.
Charles also made 33 league appearances the following 1921–22 season, and found the net on two occasions. The first was the only goal in a victory at Rotherham United on 5 November; the second in another victory, this time the first in a 4–0 result at home to South Shields on 8 April.
A quarter-century of league appearances followed in 1922–23, Blackpool's final season under the guidance of Norman. Charles scored three goals, all in victories (one a single-goal result against Manchester United at Bloomfield Road on 31 March).
Frank Buckley was installed as manager for the 1923–24 campaign, and he selected Charles on only six occasions in the league. He managed to score one goal, however, in a 1–1 draw at home to Stoke City on 15 September. His 241st and final appearance for the club occurred in their FA Cup second-round tie at Southampton on 2 February. "The Seasiders" lost 3–1.

</doc>
<doc id="20103913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20103913" title="Fuel Economy Reform Act">
Fuel Economy Reform Act

The Fuel Economy Reform Act was a bill (S. 3694 in the 109th United States Congress and S. 767 and S. 768 in the 110th United States Congress) sponsored by seven Democrats and four Republicans including Barack Obama and Richard Lugar. It set a goal of raising mandated Corporate Average Fuel Economy fleet standards by 4% per year, approximately one mile per gallon. The bill also provided tax incentives for retooling production. Fuel economy increases were subject to the authority of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, part of the executive branch. Thus Obama and Lugar remarked upon introducing their bill, "Mr. President, we embrace the call upon Congress to improve the executive branch's authority to reform and strengthen fuel economy standards."
These bills were introduced in the Senate, but did not pass. "(see list of bills sponsored by Barack Obama in the United States Senate)" However, according to Obama's advisors, "virtually the exact same set of proposals" were enacted by Congress 18 months later in December 2007, when the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 was passed.

</doc>
<doc id="20103930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20103930" title="The Same Love">
The Same Love

"The Same Love" is a song by the American dance-pop sibling group, The Jets. The song was written by Diane Warren and was released as the second single from their platinum album "Believe", in 1989.
Success on the U.S. charts was dimishing for the group at this time in their career with the song peaking at number 87 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and failing to chart on the R&B chart. However, "The Same Love" still reached number 15 on the adult contemporary chart.
The freestyle girl group Exposé covered this song for their 1992 self-explanatory album.

</doc>
<doc id="20103947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20103947" title="By My Side (TV series)">
By My Side (TV series)

By My Side (simplified Chinese: 不凡的爱) is a Singaporean Chinese drama which was telecasted on Singapore's free-to-air channel, MediaCorp Channel 8. It made its debut on 28 October 2008 and ended on 24 November 2008. This drama serial consists of 20 episodes, and was screened on every weekday night at 9:00 pm.
The drama bears the same English name as another 30-episode SBC drama which debuted on 1 May 1990 (), and was screened on weekdays at 9.30pm, but both dramas are not related in any way. 
Synopsis.
The series is about AIDS patients and the social stigma they suffer, hence the red ribbon shown on the title sequence.
Chen Bufan’s family of 5 (Xinya), daughter (Tiantian), and his parents-in-law live in a 4-room HDB flat. Happy-go-lucky by nature, Bufan is a family-man who works as a section supervisor in a supermarket. Xinya is a tutor. Ever since his parents passed on, Bufan has shouldered the responsibility of caring for his younger brother, Buqun, who is assertive to the point of being annoying.
A man with no unsavoury habits, Bufan’s biggest pastime is fishing which he does every weekend in the company of friends like Ma Shiyou (nicknamed Black Horse), Gao Liguo (nicknamed Grey Hound), and Bai Maolin (nicknamed White Fur). They usually go angling in the open seas or by the beach and would give the fishes away. Of the lot, Black Horse is a lecher, Grey Hound had been unsuccessful in many match-making sessions and doesn’t dare to express his feelings for Xiulan (his colleague) even though he is enamoured with her, and the effeminate White Fur is uninterested in women. They usually tease Bufan for being the most “normal” one psychologically.
Black Horse usually skips to brothels and nightclubs on the pretext of fishing, leaving Bufan and the rest to cover his tracks in front of his wife. Their advice to him (to not philander) fall on deaf ears as he reckons that he would never contract venereal diseases. He even jeers at Bufan’s monogamous and “boring” lifestyle, which the latter laughs off.
Bufan and Xinya are high-school sweethearts. Ever since having Tiantian, Xinya has resigned from her job as a primary school teacher to become a tutor, citing health reasons. The youngest daughter of her family, she is highly dependent, and is reliant on Bufan. Xinya is feeble-minded and would consult Bufan even for disagreements between her parents and sister-in-law, adding to his burden. This is why Bufan sometimes jokingly questions how she can survive, if he should pass on.
Bufan dotes on his only child most, as he loves children by nature. Though immensely disappointed at Xinya’s refusal to bear him another child following childbirth trauma from delivering Tiantian, he hides his emotions well. He respects Xinya’s aversion of sex, and it is Xinya’s own mother who constantly reminds her not to neglect her husband’s physiological needs. Her heart is set at ease by her husband’s assurance that he is not horny, as Black Horse is.
The couple adore their daughter, Tiantian, a tomboyish girl who dresses like a little boy, acts like one (being constantly engaged in ball games with the other kids in the neighbourhood), and is the unofficial leader of the group. She has a habit of confiding in her little diary, aspires to go to the Sports School and wants to be a professional sportswoman when she grows up. She has seen movies like Kungfu Soccer and Kung Fu Dunk umpteen times, and in her attempt to copy the moves, always gets herself injured. This gives Xinya a headache but to Bufan, it is proof of Tiantian’s athletic talent and he decides to groom her in this direction.
Xinya’s parents (Lin Cunxiao and Wang Qiuyue) can’t get along with their daughter-in-law even with Bufan and Xinya’s intervention. As such, Bufan puts his in-laws up at his place. Cunxiao has been popular with women since youth and helps them whenever they’re in need (earning him the moniker “Peach Blossom Xiao”, loosely translated as Xiao the Flirt). Many of the women he knows are involved in vices and the flesh trade. He sticks by the principle of “flirting without straying” though no one he never involved with any of them. He wife always remarks that she wouldn’t be surprised to see his illegitimate children turning up at his funeral, putting him in a spot. And on the pretext of helping his vice-involved friends, he brings Bufan to nightclubs and bars, often causing the latter much embarrassment. In reality, he is testing his son-in-law and through such instances, he gathers that Bufan is not steadfast and would stray if given the opportunity. Xinya merely smiles at his word of caution.
It’s another weekend and the 4 friends arrange to fishing together again, Grey Hound and White Fur miss the appointment at last minute, and Black Horse comes late with the young and ravishing Xiao Hong by his side. Initially minding his own business, Bufan is irked by the duo’s open flirtation that he wants to tell them off. At this moment, Black Horse’s wife arrives with her friends and they proceed to beat Black Horse and Xiao Hong up before dragging the straying husband home. Bufan is about to leave for home when he sees the injured Xiao Hong staggering. Feeling sorry, he gives her a ride.
Along the way, Xiao Hong shares her sob story about being forced into prostitution by circumstances, eliciting Bufan’s sympathy. The shrewd Xiao Hong is aware that Bufan, who rarely visits nightclubs and brothers, cannot resist temptation and proceeds to seduce him. Bufan almost succumbs but for the timely recollection of his first experience with a prostitute many years ago…
It turns out that years back, Bufan had a one-night stand with a local whom he later discovered, was a prostitute. His disgust at the realisation, coupled with guilt (towards his wife), makes him swear to himself that it won’t happen again. He has refrained from opening himself to temptation through the years and had kept this secret hidden. This chance encounter with Xiao Hong rekindles a lust within him and he can’t seem to erase the urge, which overwhelms his mind. The more guilty he feels towards Xinya, the more deprived he becomes and this lust nearly overcomes his senses and logic. Bufan’s efforts in keeping his carnality in control are thwarted by Xiao Hong, who dishes herself up to him. Her quick thinking in posing herself off as his Marketing colleague saves the two of them from being exposures when Xinya sees her one day. Angered, he confronts her only to be blackmailed when she shows him some compromising pictures of both of them, which she wants him to redeem with money.
Cunxiao quietly informs Xinya that his female friend had seen Bufan at Geylang, but she doesn’t believe it. Bufan becomes increasingly emaciated and he attributes it to stress. He wills himself to stop his wandering mind and stops going for the fishing trips. He even plans to take Xinya and Tiantian for a holiday. Unfortunately before this trip materialises, he suspects that he has contracted aids after listening to a CDC talk, and is tested positive. The HIV strains have lain dormant in him for years and its source – the sole fling he ever had abroad.
The report shocks him, and he shuts out everything the doctor says afterwards. Dazed, he wanders aimlessly until Tiantian finds her father in the streets, drenched by the rain. She leads her Dad home and dries him to keep him warm. She is appalled to find tears in his eyes.
Bufan falls even more seriously ill, running a fever and coughing incessantly. He locks himself in the room, becomes queer, and isolates himself. He even chases his most beloved Tiantian out. He refuses Xinya’s suggestion about seeing a doctor. Qiuyue thinks he’s possessed and suggests seeking help from a temple medium. No one knows the fear within him. He’s petrified about possibly infecting Xinya and Tiantian and contemplates seeking CDC’s help but is incapacitated by his apprehensiveness. He gets to know Zhang Yuhang, a social-service volunteer who encourages him to come clean with his wife so he can seek her forgiveness and send his family for HIV tests too. After much emotional struggle, he still fails to pluck up his courage.
Hesitant, apprehensive and unable to face up with the disease, the despondent Bufan can only confide incessantly in Yuhang. He tries to avoid facing up with reality and when Xinya tries to get intimate with him, he escapes. Xinya starts to wonder if her mother had been right about his infidelity, which leaves him speechless. Thinking that he had indeed been unfaithful, the aggrieved Xinya presses him for an absolute answer, which Bufan can’t provide. This casts a shadow over their marriage.
The youthful and pretty Yuhang is a dynamic girl bursting with life and passion. She encourages Bufan to face up to reality instead of wallowing in self-pity and becoming angst-ridden. Bufan retorts that he had strayed but once whereas his friend is a frequent philanderer. The heavens are unfair to stricken him with this illness.
Bufan’s accusation that Yuhang doesn’t know how he feels is unfounded as being an aids sufferer herself, Yuhang can empathise with him. In fact, she is even more impeccant victim, having contracted it from her only boyfriend, who had been cheating on her. Embittered, she had confided him her closest friends only to be distanced by them because they are afraid of contact with her. Infuriated further, she tells her relatives and friends of her condition (plus joined organisation) in a futile attempt to challenge society. Sadly, she receives the same treatment. Ascertaining society’s rejection of aids patients, she converts her anger into motivation and channels her energy into helping the unfortunate sufferers. Through helping others, she sees resilience of the human spirit and the value of genuine love that survives adversity.
Her boyfriend died of aids, having despaired and become morose because of the disease. Yuhang, on the contrary, becomes more enthusiastic about living. She tells Bufan that aids is not a terminal illness and can be kept under control with the right medication, further encouraging him to come clean with his family and seek their understanding and support. Bufan procrastinates, however.
Bufan becomes sickly and Xinya, egged on by Qiuyue, tries to be intimate with him to no avail.
Buqun believes that his brother has succumbed to a moment’s folly and looks Yuhang up to urge her not to break his brother’s family up. He realises Yuhang is his ex-classmate. Yuhang is at a lost for words and can only tactfully turn him away. This deepens Buqun’s misunderstanding.
Little Tiantian overhears her mum mentioning divorce and innocently looks Yuhang up to ask her to back off. She injures herself and is rushed to the hospital by Yuhang. Bufan tells the doctor the truth about his condition and upon checking Tiantian, is relieved that she is HIV negative.
Knowing he can’t hide the truth any longer, Bufan tells Xinya his condition and his worry that she might have contracted the disease as well. Xinya is stunned and her world crumbles. She cannot accept the horrifying fact and goes for a HIV check at Bufan’s insistence. Thankfully, she is HIV negative, but the relief does nothing to alleviate the bitterness of her husband’s betrayal.
Tiantian feels that her Daddy and Mummy have changed; in fact, the atmosphere at home has changed. Mummy cries everyday and Daddy is perpetually sitting around in a daze. They don’t talk to each other and they don’t go to work anymore. What vexes Tiantian more is the fact that she is banned from venturing out and prohibited from playing ball with her friends. Tiantian protests and sneaks out only to be caught and brought back by her Mum. Faced with Tiantian’s tantrums, Xinya can only cuddle her as tears flowed freely. That night, Tiantian again hears the term “divorce”. Bufan announces his intention. Alarmed, Cunxiao and Qiuyue berate Bufan for his heartlessness and infidelity and Buqun righteously hits Bufan for Xinya. Unable to face his family, Bufan flees.
Drifting in the streets, Bufan is overwhelmed by thoughts of suicide and walks into the path of a car, only to be saved by Xinya who arrives in the nick of time. Bufan repents. Too ashamed to face his family, he implores Xinya to leave him to his devices. Xinya is struck speechless. Reminiscing the happier times and Bufan’s role as a loving husband, doting father and dutiful son-in-law, Xinya relents and embraces Bufan as the two bawl their hearts out.
Risking her parents’ understanding, Xinya sends them back to her brother’s home. This incurs Cunxiao’s suspicion and he checks with Bufan’s 3 angling friends to no avail. Black Horse recalls Bufan’s encounter and deduces that the latter has contracted aids. He tries to sound the latter out and seeing Bufan’s secretiveness, starts to avoid him.
Bufan tells his boss, Liang, the truth in the hope that the latter will understand and retain him (based on their relationship and knowledge about how aids is being passed), but worried about the supermarket’s business and the employees’ safety, Liang wants Bufan to resign on his own accord.
Distanced by his friends, deserted by his boss and in dire straits, Bufan loses the will to live. The dependent Xinya loses direction and is uncertain about how she can face the future.
Tiantian details this in her diary: “Daddy and Mummy don’t talk to each other at all. The silence at home is deafening and scary. I want so much to go to out and have a game of soccer with Xiaobin and the rest. It’s been such a long time since I last went to the court. I want to just roll on the ground. But looking at Mum’s expression of misery, I just can’t bring myself to do it. I wanted to laugh when watching Kungfu Soccer this evening, but looking at Dad and Mum, I daren’t."
Buqun finds himself irresistibly attracted to Yuhang, and falls head over heels for her. Yuhang is neither friendly nor aloof to him, but as an aids sufferer, doesn’t wish to be romantically involved. She refrains from seeing him.
A chance encounter at a Red Ribbon volunteer activity lets Buqun see Yuhang’s selflessness in caring for the aids patients and is deeply moved. He enthusiastically participates in social work to get closer to Yuhang. Strangely, Yuhang’s inexhaustible warmth and passion towards the aids patients aren’t extended to him. And she keeps an arm’s length where he’s concerned. Buqun increasingly feels that Yuhang harbours a secret and the more he wants to unravel it, the further she runs away.
Through ex-classmates, all Buqun gathers is that Yuhang had a boyfriend with whom she shared a deep and intimate relationship, and that he died 2 years back. Buqun wishfully thinks that Yuhang is not willing to accept a new love as she is emotionally hurt by her boyfriend’s death, but this doesn’t explain Yuhang’s affinity towards Bufan. Unable to contain his perplexity, he questions Yuhang only to incur her wrath. Buqun also questions Bufan about this relationship with Yuhang, which the latter vehemently denies. But Bufan does give Buqun an ambiguous response, that he is in touch with Yuhang because a friend has aids. Buqun believes in what Bufan says, and the latter encourages the former to pursue Yuhang as she’s a nice girl.
The passionate Buqun relentlessly and overwhelmingly courts Yuhang, almost throwing her off balance. She is moved, but rationally tells herself that she must observe professional ethics. Besides, she is in no position to fall in love again. She directly and resolutely rejects Buqun’s advances, but he is not disheartened as he believes that he will touch her heart one day.
A 15-year old boy named Sky, having overheard bits of Xinya and Tiantian’s conversation, mistakenly concludes that Tiantian is an aids carrier. Self-righteous, he begins to spread this “information”, aggravating the family’s already stressful condition. But why would he be so nosey?
As it turns out, Sky is also HIV positive, having contracted the disease from his mother even before he was born (both parents have aids). His parents kept the truth of his condition from him, passing the mandatory medication off as supplements for his weak health. He comes to know about his condition and resents his parents for keeping the truth from him and obstinately believes that Tiantian’s parents are as selfish as his own. This is why he embarks on a mission to expose the couple’s condition to the schools.
Ever since he came to know about Bufan’s condition, Black Horse no longer tempts fate nor pushes his luck, ceasing his visits to the brothels. Pestered by an old flame at a coffeeshop, he blurts Bufan’s condition out and is overheard by Cunxiao, who presses Black Horse for the truth. Thus Bufan’s aids secret becomes open.
Already on the brink of desperation, Bufan and Xinya are dealt another blow as the entire estate is abuzz with information about his condition. In an instance, people avoid them like plague, neighbours are afraid to pass their doorstep and the neighbourhood merchants don’t dare to sell things to the family. Even at food stalls, cutlery they’d used would be disposed of immediately. This embarrasses the couple, and plunges them further down the abyss of despair. The most innocent victim in this saga is Tiantian, who gets isolated by the other children.
Saddened, Tiantian once again confides in her diary. “I saw Xiaobin and his mum at the lift when I went to buy breakfast with Mummy today. When they saw us, they scampered off as if they’d just been frightened by ghosts. Strange, but he didn’t seem to run that fast when we were racing against each other in the past. When I called him, his mummy refused to let me speak to Xiaobin and wants me to stay away from him in future. Why are they so scared of me? I wanted to ask Daddy, but I don’t dare to. Daddy is no longer the father I knew him to be in the past…
The one hardest hit by this reality is Buqun and he pieces up the sequence of events to finally understand what is going on, that everything had been sparked by Bufan’s illness. He reaches out to Bufan’s family in times of tribulation, hoping to lift them out of the abyss but inexperienced, he botches things up instead. He approaches Yuhang for help in dealing with the situation and the two get closer because of it. Regardless, Yuhang remains cold to Buqun and he attempts to force her to leave the past behind only to be successful in antagonising her further. Dejected, he goes abroad for a short trip and without him around, Yuhang starts to miss him. She realises that she has unknowingly fallen for him. This is against both her professional and personal principles, however, and her dormant heart is once again disturbed.
Cunxiao and Qiuyue come to know that Bufan’s aids-strain was contracted from a prostitute and berate him for bringing this misfortune upon the family. Through a period of reflection, Xinya has come to accept her lot in life and is prepared to face the music with Bufan. Remembering Bufan’s virtues, Cunxiao and Qiuyue forgive him as well. Xinping and wife, on the other hand, feel strongly against Bufan and make Cunxiao and Qiuyue sterilise themselves every time they visit Xinya, else they would be stopped from contacting their grandchildren. Cunxiao and Qiuyue are bemused and feel more acutely, the pressures and ostracism that Bufan and Xinya are facing. Incensed by Xinping’s demands that he severs all ties with Xinya, Cunxiao leaves in a fit of anger and chooses to live with Bufan, to weather the storm together with them.
Bufan’s monthly medical bill causes a huge financial strain on the family, and Xinya starts to shoulder the burden of providing for everyone. She shuttles more diligently between the students’ homes and takes up more tuition jobs. At the same time, she has to carefully conceal her husband’s condition so as not to lose the jobs and incur the parents’ wrath.
Bufan finally secures a job in a far-away factory, as a night-shift security guard. This is a relief to him as he can avoid having to face his wife and daughter everyday, which has served only to intensify his guilt. At the same time, he can avoid coming into contact with other people. He isolates himself, sleeping in the factory by day and patrols the grounds at night. Xinya comes to know of his thinking and tries to dissuade him from doing this, but her advice falls on deaf ears.
Bufan wakes up one midnight to find his wife and daughter snuggled in his arms. Xinya tells him that as a family, they either die or live on bravely together. Aids is not a terminal illness and it can be kept in control by drugs. Xinya has never exuded such courage and resilience. Touched, Bufan tearfully resolves not to escape anymore. He returns to Xinya’s side.
At this point, the couple realise that their vivacious and exuberant little girl has changed too. Tiantian has become sullen and antagonistic. Her diaries are filled with unanswered questions, lamentation and indignance. At her swimming lessons, one of the activities where the little girl used to be happiest, Tiantian consciously distances herself from the other students for fear of harming them. Her diary entries are increasingly short until at last, some forcefully written question marks (“???”) remain.
At around the same time too, Xinya gets acquainted with her student’s father, Andy, who intentionally comes into Bufan and Xinya’s lives. What is Andy’s motive and how will he affect Bufan and Xinya’s marriage? A drained Xinya and an increasingly withdrawn Tiantian… How can the depressed Bufan face up with these challenges? Would the bond between members of the family become stronger through adversity or would the ties not stand the test? Will they overcome all obstacles? Will Yuhang ever tell Buqun the truth about her condition? Will Buqun be able to accept this fact?
Awards and nominations.
At the 2009 Star Awards, "By My Side" managed several nominations despite "The Little Nyonya" dominating the awards.

</doc>
<doc id="20103954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20103954" title="Sonic's Ultimate Genesis Collection">
Sonic's Ultimate Genesis Collection

"Sonic's Ultimate Genesis Collection, known as the Sega Mega Drive Ultimate Collection" in PAL regions, is a compilation of video games developed by Backbone Entertainment for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 consoles. The compilation features 48 Sega games (49 counting two versions of "Altered Beast") which were previously released for the Mega Drive/Genesis (including most of the "Sonic the Hedgehog" titles released for the system), arcade and Sega Master System. It is similar to the "Sega Genesis Collection" released previously for the PlayStation 2 and PSP, however it contains 16 (in NTSC regions) more games (including unlockable extras).
List of games.
Unlockable extra games.
According to Ethan Einhorn, the producer for the collection, the three "lock-on" games ("Knuckles in Sonic 2", "Sonic 3 & Knuckles", and "Sonic & Knuckles") were not included citing "tight development times", and that including them would have meant "dropping several titles from the collection altogether", specifically the aforementioned nine unlockable games since "they all required unique emulation solutions".
Additional features.
As well as being able to play the games in their original aspect ratio and appearance, players also have the option of switching to a wide-screen view, as well as turn on a smoothing option akin to those featured on Mega Drive/Genesis titles released on XBLA or PSN. Titles can be arranged alphabetically, chronologically, by genre, or by player-assigned rating. Each Mega Drive/Genesis game also has a "museum" similar to the previous "Sega Genesis Collection" that consists of information, trivia, box art, and cartridge art. The collection also features interviews with some of the original game developers.
Reception.
The compilation received mostly positive reviews. IGN gave "Sonic's Ultimate Genesis Collection" a 9.0/10 score and an Editor's Choice Award, praising the addition of a rating system for each game and the "Streets of Rage" series, among other things. Greg Miller of IGN said that he "can't recommend this game enough". Retro Gamer rated the game 98%. It also received the award for Best Anthology in GameShark's Game of the Year Awards 2009.
Sega Mega Drive LP Vinyl.
"Sega Mega Drive Vinyl" is a soundtrack featuring music from the games in this compilation and was only made available in Australia and New Zealand. The release was limited to 3500 copies worldwide with each one being numbered. Vinyl #0002 has been auctioned on a New Zealand auction website TradeMe for the Starship Children's Health foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="20103958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20103958" title="Junan">
Junan

Junan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20103959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20103959" title="John Durkin">
John Durkin

John Durkin may refer to:
<onlyinclude>* John A. Durkin (1936–2012), U.S. Senator

</doc>
<doc id="20103962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20103962" title="ASV Herzogenaurach">
ASV Herzogenaurach

The ASV Herzogenaurach is a German association football club from the city of Herzogenaurach, Bavaria. 
The history of the club is strongly interwined with the Sports equipment manufacturer Adidas, then just a local company and sponsor of the "ASV" and its rivalry to FC Herzogenaurach, which was sponsored by another local company, Puma.
History.
Early years.
Formed in 1919 under the name Sportclub Pfeil, it changed its name to Freie Union and later, after the Second World War, to ASV Herzogenaurach. During the Nazi era, the club was outlawed and disbanded due to its unionist and working-class background.
Rise.
The club existed as a local amateur side until the mid-1960s, when a championship in the "A-Klasse Mittelfranken-Gruppe 3" (VI) in 1966 earned it promotion to the "Bezirksliga Mittelfranken-Nord" (V). Another promotion followed in 1968, after a championship in the "Bezirksliga". Entering the "Landesliga Bayern-Mitte" for the 1968–69 season, the club was offered a sponsorship by the Puma AG. Seeing an opportunity to gain wider recognition, Adidas however moved in instead, becoming the main sponsor of the club. Puma was already since November 1967 a sponsor of the clubs local rival, the FC Herzogenaurach. The rivalry between Puma and Adidas, which is in truth the rivalry of the two brothers who owned the companies then, Rudolf Dassler and Adolf Dassler, predates the rivalry of the two football clubs, stretching back to 1948.
Through the influence of Adidas, the club managed to gain the current German champion, FC Bayern Munich, for a friendly, which was played on 23 July 1969 in front of 6,000 spectators, a 1–9 defeat for the "ASV". 
In the "Landesliga", the club met its local rival once more, the "FCH" having earned promotion to the league in 1966. The first season there together, "ASV" finished fourth while the "FC" came third, the clubs being separated by one point. The season after, the "FC" won the league and earned promotion to the "Amateurliga Bayern" (III) while the "ASV" came third. The "ASV" had to wait another two seasons to do the same and win the league and promotion in 1972.
"Bayernliga" years.
While the "FC" had enjoyed two good seasons in the highest league in the state, it did not so well when the "ASV" joined it there and with a third place in 1972–73, the Adidas-club finished above the Puma-team for the first time in years.
The 1973–74 season became the most successful for the club to date. It won the "Amateurliga Bayern" title while its local rival found itself relegated from the league. Due to a restructering of the German football league system however, the five "Regionalligas" where replaced by the two "2nd Bundesligas", no promotion from the third to the second tier was available that season. The right to play in the German amateur football championship instead was only a small consolidation and the club was knocked-out by the SSV Reutlingen in the quarter finals.
The club managed to attract the FC Bayern Munich for another friendly however and on 29 July 1974, 7,000 spectators saw the Bavarian champion earn a 2–2 draw against Bavaria's most successful club.
The 1974–75 season saw another respectable performance, finishing fourth in the league. After this, the club went into decline, having to play against relegation, which became a fact in 1977, the year its local rival "FC" earned its return to the "Amateurliga Bayern". While the "FCH" managed to stay in Bavaria's highest amateur league until 1981, the "ASV" could not archive to return to it. Instead, it was left with a large dept from its "Bayernliga" years and hopes to finally pay off the last of it in 2008.
The late 1970s also saw the rise of two promising young footballers in Herzogenaurach who went to school together. Günter Güttler, who played for the "ASV" and later joined FC Bayern Munich and Lothar Matthäus, who played for the "FC" and became Germanys most capped footballer. Matthäus could not play for the "ASV" even though it had at that time the better under-19's side, because his father worked for Puma.
Decline.
Back in the "Landesliga Bayern-Mitte", the "ASV" tried hard to regain "Amateurliga Bayern" status, finishing second three times in a row in 1978, 1979 and 1980. The first two times, it missed out on top-spot by only one point, in 1979 to local rival "FC". After this, the club declined further and was never in contention for the "Landesliga" title again. The "FC" didn't fare much better, fluctuating between "Landesliga" and "Bezirksliga" after its final relegation form the now "Amateur-Oberliga Bayern" in 1981. By 1989, both Herzogenaurach clubs had left the "Landesliga" for good.
The "ASV" lost its "Landesliga" status in 1987, when a player revolt over unpaid travel expenses made it lose its complete team and it had to field its youth side instead. The club declined rapidly and was handed down all the way to the lowest division, the "C-Klasse". Sponsor Adidas had by then mostly withdrawn its support, too. 
A small revival followed in 1998, when the club briefly rose to the local "Kreisliga" again but it could not sustain this level and was promptly relegated again.
Current.
The club played in the "A-Klasse Erlangen/Pegnitzgrund" (X) in 2008–09, the lowest level of play in the region, and finished 3rd in this league in 2008–09. Its old rival the FC Herzogenaurach had fallen down not quite as far in the league system, playing one level above in the "Kreisliga Erlangen/Pegnitzgrund" (IX) in 2008–09. 
In 2009-10, ASV won its league and earned promotion to the Kreisklasse, where it met FCH once more. While its rival earned promotion in 2010-11, ASV was a distant last in the league and relegated.
The old rivalry between the two clubs may have lost some of its punch, as has the local rivalry between the two sports brands. The town of Herzogenaurach is certainly not as divided any more as it once was. In March 2007, a merger of the three local clubs was even discussed, the "ASV" and "FC" together with the "SC Nord" should form one club which would then be capable to reach "Regionalliga" level.
The rivalry of the two companies, and with it to some extend the local football club issue, gained some international attention during the 2006 FIFA World Cup in Germany, when a number of international news organisations picked up on it.
Recent seasons.
The recent season-by-season performance of the club:
"ASV" versus "FC".
The Herzogenaurach derby in the "Bayernliga" and "Landesliga":
Former players.
The club had a couple of players in its ranks who later played in the Fußball-Bundesliga, the most well-known of those being:

</doc>
<doc id="20103976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20103976" title="Somebody to Love Me (The Jets song)">
Somebody to Love Me (The Jets song)

"Somebody to Love Me" is the title of a song by the American dance-pop sibling group known as The Jets. It was written by Stephen Bray (who is perhaps best known for his frequent collaborations with Madonna during the 1980s) and Linda Mallah.
Released as the third and final single from The Jets' album "Believe". The song only reached #89 on the R&B chart; however, "Somebody to Love Me" became The Jets' last (to date) chart entry on the adult contemporary chart, where it charted at #35.

</doc>
<doc id="20104001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104001" title="Jody St. Michael">
Jody St. Michael

Jody St. Michael is a film actor and television actor best known for the role as The Chatter Beast (credited as The Beast) in the Action/Horror film (1996),

</doc>
<doc id="20104004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104004" title="Grace Church (Ca Ira, Virginia)">
Grace Church (Ca Ira, Virginia)

Grace Church (sometimes called Grace Episcopal Church) is an Episcopal church located in Cumberland County, Virginia. Designed by Dabney Cosby, a former assistant to Thomas Jefferson, it is the only substantial building remaining from the former community of Ca Ira. For its architectural and historical significance, Grace Church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 30, 1980.
History.
At the turn of the nineteenth century, Ca Ira was a typical small farming community such as could be found in many locations around Virginia. It was formally established by the Virginia General Assembly in 1796; the origin of the name is unknown, but given the spirit of the times, and the fact that many Virginians admired the French Revolution, it is suspected to have been derived from a popular French song of the era. By 1836, Ca Ira could be described as a post village, with a population of 210; it had forty dwellings, three stores, a mill, a tobacco warehouse, two taverns, and a Masonic hall.
Construction of Grace Church was begun in 1840; the original deed to its location was described in the Cumberland County "Deed Book" of 1843 as a certain lot or parcel or ground adjoining the town of Ca Ira on the West, and bounded as follows. Orig. on the South by the Main road from
Ca Ira to Buckingham Ct. House, West by the line separating it from McAshan's Old Stemmery Lot, on which the fence now runs North by the road leading into said stemmery and, East by the Western Crop Street of the town of Ca Ira, it
being the lot, as now enclosed whereon the New Episcopal Church, called Grace Church, has been recently erected, containing about two thirds of an acre, together with all the appurtenances thereunto belonging. Immediately upon its completion, it began serving not only the populace of the town itself but also those families, many prominent in local affairs, that owned the surrounding plantations. Among those known to be part of the congregation of the church was Valentine Parrish, who not only donated the land on which it stood, but served as the builder for the project. The architect was Dabney Cosby, who had worked with Thomas Jefferson on the construction of buildings at the University of Virginia. This was not the first time that Cosby and Parrish had worked together; the two were listed together as co-architects on the cornerstone of the 1826 Goochland County Courthouse in nearby Goochland. Parrish was among the most prominent citizens in Cumberland County in the years leading up to the Civil War; he presented numerous petitions on the subject of local tolls to the Virginia General Assembly, and also made numerous suggestions regarding the distribution of economic aid to the county. Woodwork and framing on the church is said to have been the work of one Albert Mann, a slave attached to the Parrish plantation; construction of the church was overseen by Rev. Henry Kinckle.
With the completion of Grace Church in 1843 the town received its largest and most distinguished building to date. The church also revived the fortunes of Littleton parish, which surrounded the town but which had been inactive since 1813. An 1857 report from Bishop William Meade indicated that the structure was "in constant use". Even so, although Ca Ira had continued to rise in importance through the 1850s, at one point incorporating its first and only bank, by the postbellum years it had begun losing population, and shrank rapidly during the last decades of the nineteenth century. The church was not spared, and was abandoned along with most other structures during this period; a 1906 entry in the "Lippincott World Gazetteer" mentioned its presence among a handful of other buildings, mainly shops. The rehabilitation of the structure began in 1928, when descendents of members of the initial congregation organized the Ca Ira Restoration Society; this organization was dedicated to raising funds to restore the building, which was soon accomplished. The Society also blocked an attempt by the diocese to sell the property, and in 1954 reinstituted an annual series of "homecoming services" in continuation of a tradition begun in the 1930s. Today, Grace Church is preserved in working order as a shrine of the Episcopal Diocese of Southern Virginia; to keep its status as such, it is required to host at least one religious service yearly.
The church was surveyed as part of the Historic American Buildings Survey sometime after 1933.
Description.
Grace Church, Ca Ira, survives as a charming illustration of the stylistic hybridization that occurred with Romantic Revivalism in the antebellum period. Unlike many of its similarly imaginative contemporaries, Grace Church is devoid of architectural naivete and is at once a skillful blending of Roman, Greek, and Gothic Revival elements, all executed with superb crnftsmanship. Its temple form and fine brickwork are an offspring of Virginia's Jeffersonian tradition, while its Greek and Gothic details are adapted from builders' pattern books.
Exterior.
The exterior of Grace Church reflects the influence of Roman, Greek, and Gothic Revival architecture on mid-nineteenth-century American architectural design. Described as a "temple-form country church", it measures 32' x 48'; there is a small vestry attached to the back of the building. The church sits on a foundation of brick, and has ventilation holes at its base. Its walls are built of handmade bricks, even in color and unglazed; the mortar joints are deliberately precise. Two styles of brickwork were used in construction; the front and east side are of Flemish bond, the north side is of five-course American bond, and the west side is a combination or the two, with four-course American substituted for the five-course. Original penciling may still be seen in the mortar joints.
All elevations are fitted with windows; these are triple-hung with 12/12 sash, and are hung with louvered shutters and 8-inch rectilinear moldings; the moldings have been topped by ramped lintels with 6-inch-square corner blocks. Sitting over the entryway is a lancet transom with intersecting tracery, a similar design to which may also be seen in the window in the tympanum. On the east side of the church, the first bay is a jib window which according to local lore was used for funerals. The roof is surrounded by a cove cornice which serves to define two pediments, one in either facade. The roof is covered by Buckingham County, Virginia Buckingham Slate. Later additions to the exterior include a pair of small chimneys and a small wooden cross, which latter is situated at the apex of the front pediment and was erected in the 1950s.
Interior.
The church interior consists of one single room; the vestry, which is situated behind the sanctuary proper, is in a later addition to the building. There are two main aisles in the nave; these are formed by the placement of the original pews in the building. Of the pews, those in the center are freestanding, and larger than those on the sides; these have been angled slightly and attached to the side walls. There is a gallery in the south wall, with one center aisle and two down its sides. It is supported by a pair of Doric columns on the side walls, as well as by a number of pilasters. There is a dentiled entablature, set above the columns and topped by a railing with turned balusters. Entry to the gallery is achieved via an enclosed stairway on the east side; one wall is fitted with beaded diagonal paneling, and there is no stair rail.
The pulpit for the church is attached to its north wall, enclosed in a communion rail with rectangular rungs. It is paneled and inset with a bold Greek fret in its frieze. This appears to have been adapted from a design found in the "Practical House Carpenter" of Asher Benjamin, a popular builders' pattern book first published in 1830; with numerous other details, most especially the building's architraves, it indicates Cosby's familiarity with the popular architectural styles of the day. Near the pulpit is a baptismal font of marble. Also remaining in the church are two wood-burning stoves, elaborate constructions in cast iron, bearing the maker's mark of "Leibrandt & McDowell, Philadelphia & Baltimore". The dado running the perimeter of the main room is paneled and incorporates a chair rail. The floor is unfinished, while the walls and ceiling are covered in plaster.
Cemetery.
There is a small cemetery attached to the church grounds, located at the back in a hilly, wooded area overlooking the Willis River. Just when burials began is unknown; the earliest legible headstones date to the 1880s. It is possible that earlier burials exist; however, most of the grave markers on the grounds are nearly completely worn away, and as a result the total number of interments is unknown. Some of these missing markers have been replaced with modern stones, and the cemetery continues in use for some local families. Two veterans of the Confederate Army are also buried in the cemetery.
The church and cemetery are together contained in the National Register listing, as is the land on which both stand; the parcel, approximately two-thirds of an acre in area, follows the lines of the original deed of the property as recorded in Cumberland County records.
Significance.
Grace Church is significant for a number of reasons, not least of which is its association with Dabney Cosby, and through him the Jeffersonian school of architectural thought so prevalent across Virginia in the second quarter of the nineteenth century. The building stands as a well-preserved example of a rural Virginia church, incorporating elements of various architectural styles into its construction; it also serves as one of the last few tangible reminders, and much the best-preserved, of the once-thriving merchant community of Ca Ira.

</doc>
<doc id="20104005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104005" title="Alexander Raab">
Alexander Raab

Alexander Raab (18821940) was a Hungarian-American pianist and distinguished piano teacher.
Alexander Raab was born in Győr (also known as Raab), Hungary. He studied at the Vienna Conservatory under Hans Schmitt (1835–1907), Robert Fuchs and Theodor Leschetizky and became acquainted with Johannes Brahms. He presented recitals with the violinist Jan Kubelík in England, Russia, Germany and France.
He emigrated to the USA in 1915, and became Head of the Piano Department at Chicago Musical College, before moving to Berkeley, California, where he became esteemed as one of the best piano teachers on the West Coast.
He performed concertos with the Tonkünstler Orchestra of Vienna, Chicago Symphony Orchestra, Minneapolis Symphony Orchestra, and London Symphony Orchestra. Leopold Godowsky dedicated his 1931 transcription of Adolf von Henselt’s Etude in F-sharp major ("Si oiseau j'etais"), Op. 2, No. 6, to Raab.
Alexander Raab’s piano students included Ernst Bacon, Vera Bradford, George J. Buelow, Muriel Kerr, Wanda Krasoff (who had been referred to Raab by Josef Hofmann), Mortimer Markoff, Sumner Marshall, Robert Owens, and Allan Willman. His pupils also studied under teachers such as Alfred Cortot, Nadia Boulanger, Rudolph Ganz, Percy Grainger, Ernest Hutcheson, and Paul Wells.
He made a small number of early Duo-Art and Welte Mignon piano roll recordings, with music of Chopin (Piano Sonata No. 2 in B-flat minor "Funeral March"), Liszt (Hungarian Rhapsody No. 5 in E minor), Mozart, Brahms, and some salon pieces by minor composers. These recordings appear on CD alongside such distinguished names as Alfred Cortot, Guiomar Novaes, Ignaz Friedman, Arthur Friedheim, Vladimir de Pachmann, Ferruccio Busoni, Josef Hofmann and Harold Bauer.

</doc>
<doc id="20104027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104027" title="Ca Ira, Virginia">
Ca Ira, Virginia

Ca Ira was a small community located in Cumberland County, Virginia. Formally established in 1796, it fell into disuse in the years after the American Civil War; today, few traces of the town remain, save for the old Grace Church and a handful of houses.
History.
At the turn of the nineteenth century, Ca Ira was a typical small farming community such as could be found in many locations around Virginia. It was formally established by the Virginia General Assembly in 1796; the origin of the name is unknown, but given the spirit of the times, and the fact that many Virginians admired the French Revolution, it is suspected to have been derived from a popular French song of the era. Ca Ira stagnated until 1825, when the Willis River canal was completed. This served numerous purposes; it caused the removal of a pond, long the source of poor health for residents and, more importantly, it opened the town up to the tobacco trade, making it easier to transport wares along the James River between Prince Edward and Charlotte Counties and Richmond and Petersburg. Soon, a merchant class took up residence in the town. By 1836, Ca Ira could be described as a post village, with a population of 210; it had forty dwellings, three stores, a mill, a tobacco warehouse, two taverns, and a Masonic hall.
With the completion, in 1843, of Grace Church, Ca Ira had its most important and distinguished building; this not only served as a place of worship, but acted as a gathering place for members of surrounding plantations. Good fortune was not to last, however; the town's heyday came in the middle of the 1850s, when it incorporated a bank. Its postbellum decline was rapid; the church, along with most of the rest of the town, was deserted by the end of the 19th century. A 1906 visit found little more than a "post hamlet," with only a handful of houses, a post office, two stores, and the church surviving among the ruins of warehouses and other structures. Of these, only the church exists today, although some newer houses have been erected in the vicinity.
Today, Virginia Route 632 is known as "Ca Ira Road" where it passes through the site of the former village. No other trace of the name remains.

</doc>
<doc id="20104040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104040" title="Tom Ridge Stakes">
Tom Ridge Stakes

The Tom Ridge Stakes is an American Thoroughbred horse race run at Presque Isle Downs in Erie, Pennsylvania. First run in 2007, it was originally known as the Tom Ridge Labor Day Stakes when it was run the first two years on Labor Day. The race is a six-furlong event for three-year-old horses and is raced on Tapeta synthetic dirt. It currently offers a purse of $100,000.
The race is named for Tom Ridge, who was the Governor of the State of Pennsylvania from 1995 to 2001.
Records.
Speed record: 

</doc>
<doc id="20104046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104046" title="Special Kinda Love">
Special Kinda Love

"Special Kinda Love" is the title of a song by the American dance-pop sibling group, The Jets. It was written by Vassal Benford.
Released as a single from The Jets' greatest hits album "The Best of The Jets", the song was not nearly as successful as some other recordings by the group. It only reached #83 on the R&B chart, but had some success on the dance chart, peaking at number 8.

</doc>
<doc id="20104047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104047" title="Albino gaur">
Albino gaur

Albino Gaur or White Bison are a type of gaur, occasionally seen in the Manjampatti Valley, a protected area at the eastern end of Indira Gandhi Wildlife Sanctuary and National Park in Coimbatore District, Tamil Nadu, South India. So they are occasionally called as Manjampatti white bison ( "kaatteni", or "kaattu erumai", meaning “forest buffalo”). These gaur are notable for their distinctive ash-grey color as opposed to the almost black color of most gaur. Since 1929, there have been at least 19 documented sightings of these rare animals, including the 2004 photographs of N. A. Naseer.
Description.
The white-colored jungle bison is a peculiar subspecies of gaur "(Bos gaurus gaurus)". Many subspecies of gaur have been described, but only three subspecies are now recognized. Further research is required to precisely determine the taxonomy of this species.
Gaur were previously numerous all over the Palani Hills, but declined greatly during the 20th century. Now they are protected and their numbers are increasing substantially. The endangered gaur are the heaviest and most powerful of all wild bovines. Males have a highly muscular body, with a distinctive dorsal ridge, forming a very powerful appearance. Females are substantially smaller, and their dorsal ridge is less developed. Adult body length is to cm / 8.3–12 ft. Shoulder height is to . Average males stand about to at the shoulder. Females are about less. Tail length is to .
The male Indian gaurs' average weight is . Large individuals may exceed . Gaurs in Northern India are the same size as the southern breed, but more of the larger, better specimens can be seen in South India, due to the high concentration of gaur there. Calf and juvenile gaurs have several predators, including tigers; panthers; clouded leopards; Indian wild dogs and Asian black bears, but only tigers are powerful enough to kill adult gaur.
Historic references.
There are several herds of gaur (popularly called bison) in Manjampatti Valley. Earlier, the area was well known for many Manjampatti white bison sightings. Only the Manjampatti valley of Udumalpet range is said to harbour white bison, a very rare animal.
Between 1929 and 1937, James L. H. Williams, a British wildlife enthusiast, reported sighting many gaur with light pink or white skin during many trips to Manjampatty Valley. He reported seeing many herds of gaur, with up to 120 animals in a herd. Most herds had some individuals with color varying from light red through the duns to pure white. In one herd of 20 animals, every animal was of abnormal color. He reported the white bison had some religious significance to the local Pulayar tribal residents, and they would gently divert outsiders away from any herds with abnormally colored animals
Before 1939, a Mr. Ranicar shot a white bison in the Talinji area of Manjampatti Valley. Mr. J.C. Gouldsbury reported that Mr. Ranicar presented the mounted specimen of his cow white bison to the High Range Club in Munnar, where is was subsequently displayed. The pelage was originally almost cream-colored.
The 1939 Madras Forest Department - Administration Report mentions "white" bison in the Manjampatti Valley,
Before 1970, Mr. M. A. S. M. Muthuswamy walked the Munnar-Udumalpet road (SH 17) frequently. He reported seeing a herd of four white bison, which he described as greenish-grey in color, on several occasions in previous years. In 1969, he also saw a fine greenish-grey bull in a herd of normal-colored gaur at Kamanuthu, just off the SH 17 road in the Kombu beat on the Tamil Nadu side of the border. His brother, Mr Padmanabhan, said he had seen a herd of five there also.
In 1969, an ash-colored bull was seen by a "dhobi" from Amaravathinagar, who said he saw it while collecting firewood at Kamanuthu. In 1965, Mr. A. J. Packianathan, senior master of the Sainik School, Amaravathinagar, saw four ash-colored gaur in the same area.
In January 1969, Koolayan, a cattleman of the Malasar tribe, who keeps cattle at Kumulam overlooking the northern slopes of Manjamalai and part of the northern slopes of Mudian Malai, saw one grey-colored gaur, the only one among the many gaur he has ever seen.
In 1970, His Highness Rajagopala Tondaiman, the Raja of Pudukottai, saw one white bull gaur beyond Kukal in Koilan Alai, and he has seen about half a dozen of them in the past 30 years among herds of normal colored gaur.
A ancient Sinhala Kavi verse reads in part: "Having come swiftly, On the day the excellent white gaur was killed, A scoop of blood was given to thee !" ..."
Recent sightings.
In January or February, 2011, Minoo Avari, Sunder Shaker, who was then the Manager at the Kodaikanal Golf Club and at least two caddies saw a beautiful white bison cow on the golf course at about 2 or 2:30 in the afternoon. They were on the tee box and the bison was on the 14th green. The players were warned by their caddies that she was skittish and liable to charge if they went too close. That is not usually a problem with other bison often seen on the course. The golf caddies said they see this white bison from time to time.
During the 2008 annual wildlife census in the Amaravati range in the Indira Gandhi Wildlife Sanctuary, bison were seen in Thanlinji village, Manjampatti and Mungilpallam and reportedly there was also a white (albino) bison.
On December 29, 2007, C. R. Jayaprakash made a clear photograph of a white gaur resting near Masingudi on the Sigur Plateau. This is considerably out of the normal range of the animal in the Annamalai Hills.
A 2007 encounter with a white bison at the jungle lodge near the Chinnar checkpost has been described:
A white bison reaches the end of the trail and stops at the edge of the clearing. He's huge. Over tall and to long. Sharp horns over long. I have no where to go because the bison herd has blocked the other two exits, so I'm just standing there, hoping white bison will keep walking and I can go back onto the trail. No such luck. He stands there, barely ten feet away from me, and stares. And stares. I'm thinking, wow, I'm totally going to die right now, because I've got white bison in front of me and brown bison to my left, and neither of them like me here... So for about five full minutes we face off, until white bison decides the water is more important, and finally meanders off.
In 2007, a rare Manjampatti white bison was seen by George Roshan in a herd of about eight or 10 normal-coloured bison grazing and resting on mountain downs above Kukkal at the northeast corner of Manjampatti Valley.
In 2006, this possible subspecies was seen and photographed in Manjampatti Valley by Forest Department staff.
In 2004, the famous and extremely rare white bison was reported at Chinnar. In July 2004, an unusual white gaur, moving with a herd of dark-skinned gaur, was spotted repeatedly over several days in the Chinnar Wildlife Sanctuary and photographed by the wildlife photographer, N. A. Naseer. This is the only published photographic documentation of Manjampatti white bison.
In 1998, the then Wildlife Warden of Eravikulam, Mohan Alambath, his Range Officer, V. K. Franzis, and a wildlife enthusiast, V. P. Ajithkumar, claimed sighting this animal in Chinnar. Though they reported the matter in the journal of BNHS the photograph they had taken of the animal lacked clarity.
On October 21, 1997 two grayish-white gaur, an adult female and a subadult, were observed along with 9 other gaur on the slopes of Cheevaparamala in the Chinnar Wildlife Sanctuary. On January 3, 1998, a juvenile with the same color was seen at Koottar along with five others. In addition to the white gaur, the majority of the animals in these herds ranged from brick red to light red. In the first herd of 11, there were only four normal-colored gaur, and in the second herd of six, only two normal-colored individuals. This was the first record of white bison in the Chinnar Sanctuary, which shares a long common border with the Manjampatti Valley.
In 1997 in Satpura, four totally white gaur were reported - presumably albinos or some genetic sport, which, amid their black companions, appear like ghosts in a forest.
In 1980, sightings of a herd of white gaur were reported from Bandhar near Munnar.
About 1975, two local guides guiding some Europeans hoping to see the white bison said they had not seen a 'white bison' in the last 15 or 20 years. They admitted quite frankly this was partly because there was no occasion for them to go looking for gaur.
In 1972, Rev. Sam Schmitthenner observed two white gaur in Manjampatti Valley. He said:
I took one more hike down into Manjampatti after staying in Kukkal Cave overnight. Early in the morning, we saw a herd of bison, and there on the edge of the herd were two albino calves. Earlier that month I had read an article in Hornbill, a Bombay conservation magazine, about the albino bison of Manjamphatti.
In 1970, E. R. C. Davidar, a famous wildlife researcher, spent several months on behalf of the Bombay Natural History Society in Chinnar trying to spot and photograph this animal. His mission, undertaken to provide scientific evidence to the rumours floating in the air for several decades, did not find success. His report to the BNHS, "White Bison of Manjampatti" said the white gaur reported by Williams might have become extinct following the outbreak of an epizootic disease that wiped out several herds from the region in those days. But, tribals living in the forests continued to claim white gaurs were still there in Chinnar.

</doc>
<doc id="20104051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104051" title="HM Prison Guys Marsh">
HM Prison Guys Marsh

HM Prison Guys Marsh is a Category C men's prison, located near Shaftesbury, Dorset, England. Guys Marsh is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
History.
Guys Marsh was a former US Military Hospital. In 1960 it opened as a borstal (HM Borstal Guys Marsh). The buildings were standard World War II Nissen huts and the only buildings that had been added were the officers' quarters (around 50 houses) and the boiler house. The borstal continued in the buildings until the 1980s, when gradually the structures of the building were rebuilt or refurbished. In 1984, Guys Marsh became a Young Offender Institution. In 1992, it began also housing adult prisoners when the building of a perimeter fence made of it a closed establishment. Guys Marsh soon became an all-adult prison, and within 18 months the jail managed to increase its operating capacity by 278.
In January 2002 the Board of Visitors criticised Guys Marsh prison failing to meet government standards on re-offending rates amongst released prisoners. The board blamed a shortage of staff and shortage of money for poor facilities at the jail. The Board also expressed concern over medical care, after a local GPs practice withdrew its services from the prison.
The prison today.
Accommodation at Guys Marsh comprises seven residential units, which have cellular accommodation and one unit has less secure rooms. 
Guys Marsh offers workshops to prisoners including Farms and Estates Management, Laundry, Industrial Cleaning, Bricklaying and a number of contract production workshops. Some of the workshops run recognised external qualifications.
A Visitor Centre is available at the prison, with facilities including toilets and a baby changing room.

</doc>
<doc id="20104079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104079" title="Anthony Bebbington">
Anthony Bebbington

Anthony Bebbington (born 1962) is a Geographer, Professor and Director of the Graduate School of Geography, Clark University, USA. He was previously Professor of Nature, Society and Development in School of Environment and Development, University of Manchester, UK.
Background.
Tony Bebbington was born in Staffordshire, England, studied geography and land economy at the University of Cambridge where he graduated with distinction, and completed a PhD at the Graduate School of Geography, Clark University, USA in 1990, supervised by Billie Lee Turner II. He holds British and American citizenship.
He held a postdoctoral appointment in Latin American Studies at Cambridge (1989-1992), before working at two London thinktanks: the Overseas Development Institute (1992-4) and the International Institute for Environment and Development (1994-5). He moved to the USA again in 1995, working at the World Bank (1995-6, 1999-2000) and as Associate Professor of Geography, University of Colorado, Boulder (1996-2003) before moving to Manchester.
Contributions.
Bebbington's early work was on farmer knowledge, livelihoods, and agrarian change in mountain communities of Peru and Ecuador. He made distinctve contributions to human geography and to understanding of rural development in the Andes, combining detailed fieldwork with farming households with broader understanding of rural institutions and social movements. He has retained an interest in theory, scholarship, and practical development issues. 
This interest in rural organizations and social movements led to research on the performance and practice on non-governmental organizations in Latin America, expressed in several books on NGOs and their contributions to development. After working in social policy at the World Bank, he became interested in how the World Bank works with NGOs, and particularly the use of 'social capital' in the World Bank's work. 
Recent studies have been of mining, development, and the state in Peru and Ecuador, and the nature of protest surrounding mining proposals, funded by an ESRC research professorship and other grants.
He has worked most often in the Andes, elsewhere in South and Central America, and briefly in Indonesia and Nepal. 
Bebbington has also collaborated with United Nations Research Institute For Social Development on the flagship report Combating Poverty and Inequality (2010); a project for which he wrote a background thematic paper Poverty Reduction and Social Movements: A Framework with Cases. Additionally, he collaborated on the project Financing Social Policy (2006-2010).
Publications.
"Books"

</doc>
<doc id="20104103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104103" title="USS Traverse County (LST-1160)">
USS Traverse County (LST-1160)

USS "Traverse County" (LST-1160), previously USS "LST-1160", was a United States Navy landing ship tank (LST) in commission from 1953 to 1970, and which then saw non-commissioned Military Sealift Command service as USNS "Traverse County" (T-LST-1160) from 1972 to 1973.
Construction and commissioning.
USS "LST-1160" was laid down on 18 December 1952 at Bath, Maine, by the Bath Iron Works. She was launched on 3 October 1953, sponsored by Mrs. Omar R. King, and commissioned on 19 December 1953 with Lieutenant Commander James W. Perkins in command.
Atlantic, Caribbean, and Mediterranean service.
Late in January 1954, "LST-1160" moved, from Boston, Massachusetts, where she had completed outfitting, to Naval Amphibious Base Little Creek at Virginia Beach, Virginia. On 26 March 1954, after seven weeks of shakedown training in the Virginia Capes operating area and three weeks of post-shakedown availability, "LST-1160" became an active unit of the United States Atlantic Fleet Amphibious Force. Between the spring of 1954 and the summer of 1955, she completed seven training exercises to sharpen her skill as an amphibious warfare ship. Those drills frequently took her south to the West Indies, most often to Vieques Island near Puerto Rico, where embarked United States Marines practiced amphibious landings.
On 1 July 1955, "LST-1160" was named USS "Traverse County" (LST-1160). Not long thereafter, she was awarded the Battle Efficiency "E" as the outstanding ship of Landing Ship Tank Flotilla 4.
Late in 1955, "Traverse County" entered the Philadelphia Naval Shipyard at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, for a four-month overhaul. She exited the shipyard in April 1956 and, following a month of refresher training, resumed operations out of Little Creek. The remainder of 1956 saw her periodically embarking Marines at Morehead City, North Carolina, and putting them ashore at Little Creek and at nearby Camp Pendleton.
At the beginning of 1957, "Traverse County" completed preparations for her first deployment with the United States Sixth Fleet. From 1957 through 1968, "Traverse County" performed eight tours of duty in the Mediterranean. Most often, her operations with the Sixth Fleet included visits to ports in Spain, France, Italy, Greece, and Turkey, and along the North African coast. She often conducted training exercises with units of friendly foreign navies. However, during her 1958 deployment, a crisis erupted in Lebanon at the far eastern end of the Mediterranean, and in July 1958 "Traverse County" joined other Sixth Fleet units and Amphibious Squadron 6 landing ships tank in landing Marines at Beirut to help stabilize the situation. The remainder of her Mediterranean assignments proved to be more routine in nature.
When not attached to the Sixth Fleet, "Traverse County" operated out of Little Creek in Virginia. Her western Atlantic duties frequently took her to the West Indies and the Caribbean where, in addition to the usual amphibious exercises, she performed supply missions to various American bases in the area under the auspices of the Commander, Service Force, Atlantic Fleet. Such was her assignment in the fall of 1962 when American surveillance of Cuba uncovered the siting of offensive ballistic missiles on that island by the Soviet Union. When the Cuban Missile Crisis occurred, President John F. Kennedy invoked a successful blockade, or quarantine, of Cuba to secure the removal of the missiles. During that operation, "Traverse County" provided support as a combat-ready unit. However, the Soviet Union withdrew the missiles and the tension abated, enabling "Traverse County" to resume her normal routine early in 1963. She returned to supplying Caribbean bases and conducting amphibious exercises at Little Creek, at Onslow Beach, North Carolina, and at Vieques Island near Puerto Rico.
The Cuban Missile Crisis proved to be "Traverse County"s last internationally significant operation. After 1962, she resumed her routine, alternating Mediterranean deployments with United States East Coast operations. She completed her eighth and last Sixth Fleet assignment in December 1968. During 1969, she conducted another series of amphibious exercises at her old haunts, Little Creek, Onslow Beach, and Vieques Island. Similar operations carried her into 1970.
Latin American operations.
On 7 March 1970 she headed for the Panama Canal and a tour of special duty. After transporting the 8th Marine Engineering Battalion from Morehead City, North Carolina, to Vieques Island, she arrived at Colon, Panama Canal Zone, on 12 March 1970. She transited the Panama Canal and embarked scientists and equipment of the Smithsonian Institution for research operations in the vicinity of the Secas Islands of Panama. That duty lasted until 3 April 1970 when she returned to Rodman Naval Station in the Canal Zone. 
Between the 3 April 1970 and 24 April 1970, "Traverse County" transported United States Army Reserve troops and their equipment between Rio Hato and Rodman Naval Station and carried Operation Handclasp supplies to Guayaquil, Ecuador. On 27 April 1970, she reembarked the Smithsonian scientists for another week of research operations. Upon her return to Rodman Naval Station early in May 1870, she entered the Panama Canal Company's Mount Hope Shipyard for repairs. She exited the shipyard on 11 June 1970, retransited the canal, and joined the Caribbean Amphibious Ready Group for a day before returning to Rodman Naval Station for further orders. Late in June 1970, she transported more Army reservists between Rio Hato and Rodman Naval Station.
Decommissioning.
On 7 July 1970, "Traverse County" headed back to the United States for inactivation. She reached Little Creek on 15 July 1970. Later that autumn, "Traverse County" was decommissioned. Sometime thereafter, she was moved to the Atlantic Reserve Fleet berthing area at Orange, Texas.
Military Sealift Command service.
"Traverse County" was reactivated on 7 June 1973 to serve as a cargo ship in a non-commissioned status with a civil service crew with the Military Sealift Command, being designated the United States Naval Ship USNS "Traverse County" (T-LST-1160). This service continued until she was stricken from the Navy List on 1 November 1973. At that time, she was transferred to the Maritime Administration for layup in the National Defense Reserve Fleet at Suisun Bay, Benicia, California.
Transfer to Peru.
On 7 August 1984, "Traverse County" and three of her sister ships -- USS "Waldo County" (LST-1163), USS "Walworth County" (LST-1164), and USS "Washoe County" (LST-1165)—were leased to Peru, and "Traverse County" was commissioned into service in the Peruvian Navy as BAP "Eten" (DT-144) on 4 March 1985. Peru renewed the lease on all four ships in August 1989 and August 1994, and the United States sold all four outright to Peru under the Security Assistance Program on 26 April 1999; all four were struck from the U.S. Naval Register on the day of the sale.

</doc>
<doc id="20104115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104115" title="Nikon AF-S DX VR Zoom-Nikkor 18-200mm f/3.5-5.6G IF-ED">
Nikon AF-S DX VR Zoom-Nikkor 18-200mm f/3.5-5.6G IF-ED

The Nikon AF-S DX VR Zoom-Nikkor 18-200mm 3.5-5.6G IF-ED is a stabilised "superzoom" lens manufactured by Nikon for use on Nikon DX format digital SLR cameras. It provides a single lens 'walk-around' solution for wide angle through to telephoto shots, as well as close up photography.
Introduction.
Nikon announced the first version of this lens on November 1, 2005. The lens offers a 35 film equivalent focal length range of 27-300mm, with a compact silent wave autofocus motor featuring full time manual override and internal focusing. Its second generation Vibration Reduction technology claims to provide compensation equivalent to an increase in shutter speed by four stops. The lens has sixteen lens elements in twelve groups, with two ED glass elements to reduce chromatic aberration, and three aspherical elements to reduce image distortion. Although this lens was designed for use on Nikon DX format DSLRs, its Nikon F lens mount allows it to be used on Nikon full-frame DSLRs, albeit with vignetting due to a smaller image circle. This lens also works with teleconverters.
On July 30, 2009, Nikon announced an updated variant, the AF-S DX NIKKOR 18-200mm 3.5-5.6G ED VR II. It adds a zoom lock to prevent zoom creep.
Reception.
Reviewers have praised the lens for its 11.1x focal length range, effective vibration reduction, excellent autofocus motor and its versatility. However, the lens has been criticised for pronounced and complex distortion across of the range, extreme softness at certain focal lengths and zoom creep. Overall, it has garnered generally positive reviews, citing the lens' flexibility and ability to "allow the photographer to travel light and never miss a shot while changing lenses".
Problems.
The lens has problems with auto-focus of near subjects and in wide-angle position of infinity subjects on some older Nikon digital camera bodies.

</doc>
<doc id="20104120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104120" title="Owen Hunt">
Owen Hunt

Owen Hunt, M.D. is a fictional character from the medical drama television series "Grey's Anatomy", which airs on the American Broadcasting Company (ABC) in the United States. The character was created by series' producer Shonda Rhimes, and is portrayed by actor Kevin McKidd. He was introduced in season five as a U.S. Army trauma surgeon who served in war-torn Iraq, and subsequently joins the fictional Seattle Grace Mercy West Hospital to teach medicine as a surgical attending, head of trauma surgery, and eventual chief of surgery, sometimes with unorthodox methods. Originally contracted to appear for a multi-episode story arc, he was upgraded to a series' regular at the conclusion of his first appearance. 
The fictional character serves as a love interest for surgical fellow Cristina Yang, and has an unstable personality when first introduced, suffering from PTSD. McKidd's connection with fellow actress Sandra Oh (Cristina Yang) has been acclaimed amongst critics, with Matt Roush of "TV Guide" calling the "instant sparks" between McKidd and Oh "electrifying". McKidd was nominated for two awards for his work on the show, winning one of them. Chris Monfette of IGN has praised the addition of "fresh, new characters" such as Owen Hunt.
Storylines.
Before his regular appearances on the show, Owen Hunt was a United States Army surgeon, specializing in trauma surgery. The character makes a dramatic first appearance when he performs a tracheotomy on a man with a pen, winning the admiration of resident Cristina Yang (Sandra Oh). He is offered a job by former chief of surgery Richard Webber (James Pickens, Jr.), but declines, explaining that he has not completed his tour in Iraq. He later becomes the new head of trauma surgery, at Seattle Grace Mercy West Hospital, and manages to irk both Derek Shepherd (Patrick Dempsey) and Mark Sloan (Eric Dane), head of neurosurgery and plastic surgery, respectively, who view his treatment of some of the patients as crude. He is also rebuffed by resident Izzie Stevens (Katherine Heigl) when he stabs a set of pigs and then orders the residents and interns to save their lives, in order to teach them medicine on "live tissue." Hunt eventually embarks on a relationship with Yang, but it comes to a sudden close when his PTSD gets the best of him, and he unconsciously strangles her. Soon after the breakup, he begins therapy with the hospital psychiatrist, Dr. Wyatt. Some time later, a soldier visits the hospital for treatment, and his presence influences Owen to contemplate returning to the US Army. When he shares this with Cristina, she disagrees with his decision, stating that she doesn't want him to die, and the two eventually rekindle their relationship. Owen brings in Teddy Altman (Kim Raver), his best friend and colleague from when he was in the army, as the new head of cardiothoracic surgery. When it is revealed that Hunt and Altman may be potential lovers, Hunt and Yang's relationship is challenged, and eventually concluded by Yang. 
During a hospital shooting, Owen is shot and injured, attracting the sympathy of Cristina, who subsequently restores their relationship. Due to the emotional reverberations of the shooting crisis, Owen and Cristina decide to wed one another shortly after their reconciliation, not wanting to risk separation. When Cristina discovers she is pregnant, Owen is displeased with her desire to abort the baby, and the two separate from each other. In the fallout of resident Meredith Grey (Ellen Pompeo)'s tampering with Derek Shepherd's Alzheimer's trial, Owen is promoted to Chief of Surgery after Webber steps down. After substantial thought, Owen reluctantly decides to join Cristina at her abortion, uniting the two. Owen's friendship with Teddy is risked, and eventually terminated, when Owen lies to Teddy about her husband's sudden death, due to Owen wanting her to finish a surgery she was currently partaking in. Teddy blames Owen for the death of her husband, and their friendship undergoes cessation. Feeling abandoned and disconcerted after an altercation with Cristina, Owen has a one-night-stand with a patient's friend. Cristina consequently finds out, terminates their relationship, and their marriage is tested. After Cristina passed her medical boards, she reconciles with Owen, but reveals to him that she is leaving Seattle to go to Mayo Clinic. Teddy and Owen eventually became friends again. After learning that she has been offered a job at Med Com, Owen fires her assuring her that he will be okay. He also fires April Kepner (Sarah Drew) because the hospital cannot afford to keep her due to her not being a Board certified. Months later, Hunt visits Kepner and rehires her as he realized he made a mistake.
In season 9 Cristina and Owen's marriage is again very strained. Cristina is working at Mayo Clinic and Owen in Seattle but she returns. Owen asks for a divorce. He later shows that he is still in love with her and only asked for a divorce so Cristina and the others involved in the plane crash get the money. Cristina and Owen reconcile in episode 9 before Bailey's wedding.
Development.
Casting and creation.
Shonda Rhimes, series' creator, says that the character was envisioned "an old-fashioned tortured hero" and likens him to Heathcliff. Originally set to appear in a multi-episode story arc, Kevin McKidd's contract was extended, securing him a slot as a series' regular of "Grey's Anatomy". In July 2008, "Entertainment Weekly" announced the possibility of McKidd becoming a series' regular, with this possibility eventually being confirmed by "People". When asked of how he got involved with the show, McKidd offered the insight: McKidd told BuddyTV, "It's been really great. I was nervous when I started because every job I've ever done before this, I have been in the job right from day one when everybody's new and getting to know each other. So I was nervous because I had never done this before. And I feel really grateful to the Grey's cast and crew and everyone there, really, because they've been so nice to me and gracious and accepting of me joining the show. The transition was much easier than I thought it might be, which I'm very grateful for." McKidd has told "People" that he thinks "Grey's Anatomy" is a great show and he feels lucky to be on it. Shonda Rhimes, the series' creator, said of his addition, "I am excited to have Kevin McKidd joining us for the season, he's been a delight to collaborate with and brings incredible passion, talent and creativity to his work. Plus, he’s already got the ‘Mc’ built into his name so we had to keep him."
Characterization.
The American Broadcasting Company (ABC) characterized Hunt as "confident", "innovative", "intelligent", while he also can be "aggressive", "brazen", "presomptuous", "hasty and rash". McKidd said of his character: "[...] He's not an easy character to connect to, I think. There's some darkness to him and there's some danger to him that I think is really interesting and exciting to play. [...]" Additionally, McKidd describes Hunt as "very instinctive, and follows his gut, and he's very impulsive, and very immediate. He immediately assesses a situation. And he's very honest, sometimes painfully honest, with himself and with others. He wants to make himself better. He wants to improve himself as a person. He's a decent guy, a sort of a guy I'd like to go out and have a beer with." McKidd's unorthodox teaching methods have been the subject of controversy. McKidd said of this: The look of Owen has been described as hardcore and the antithesis of the other males on the show. McKidd says it's not just the look of Owen, but the fact that in his profession, he is dealing with life and death everyday. The one distinction he finds between his character and the others is that Owen does not care what other people think of him. When McKidd returned from his first appearance, his character appeared to have been changed. McKidd told "TV Guide": "Yes, that was who he really is in the premiere, but now we're seeing what can happen to a good man, a good soldier and good surgeon of war."
The character of Owen Hunt had an almost instant attraction to Cristina Yang since his first appearance at Seattle Grace, illustrated by the passionate kiss they share soon after they meet. Owen's story and connection with fellow character Cristina has been a topic of discussion. McKidd said: "Between him and her [Cristina, it’s going to get really complex and kind of tense and explosive." Owen and Cristina have experienced roadblocks in their fictional relationship, and continue to. McKidd offered this insight on his character's relationship with Cristina: 
McKidd has referred to his character and the character of Cristina Yang as "soulmates." Speaking of Owen's PTSD storyline, McKidd stated: "What's exciting about telling this story with this character is that it's quite brave of ABC and Shonda , on a prime-time network TV show, to address a tough subject, and one that people don't necessarily want to hear about. But so far the writing room is handling it beautifully. They're not banging people over the head with it but exploring it in a sensitive and interesting way." Owen and Cristina have struggled with their fictional relationship in season eight, leading to Owen having a sexual affair. Directly before the episode involving the affair aired, McKidd said to "Entertainment Weekly": "The thing about Owen is that he tries to do things perfectly, and obviously, he messes up as the chief because you have to make these odd black-and-white decisions and sometimes you make the wrong decision. There’s a lot of stress in his life at the moment, so he’s trying not to let that affect his efficiency as chief." Although the characters' marriage is tested, McKidd reported to "The Hollywood Reporter": "I think they're meant for each other. I hold out faith in Cristina and Owen, even though they go to the darkest places out of all the couples on the show. It's going to get worse but it's going to get better soon."
Reception.
The character has received generally positive feedback from television critics. Weeks after Hunt's first appearance on the show, Matt Roush of "TV Guide" commented that "Hunt/McKidd is the most encouraging thing to happen to "Grey's Anatomy" in quite a while." He also added: "The instant sparks between him and Yang were electrifying." On the other hand, Robert Rorke of the New York Post states that McKidd was brought in as Hunt to "boost the sagging fortunes" of the show's ratings. Kelley L. Carter of "USA Today", describes Hunt as "hardcore" and "the antithesis of the other males on the show." Chris Monfette of IGN said that the fifth season of Grey's Anatomy was an improvement on the previous two seasons, attributing this in part to the introduction of "fresh, new characters", Owen and Arizona Robbins (Jessica Capshaw). He also referred to McKidd as "the 's best, most effective addition", adding: Margaret Lyons of "New York Magazine" judged Hunt "too sad" for the first part of the ninth season. In 2010, Kevin McKidd was nominated for the Prism Award for Best Performance in a Drama Series' Multi-Episode Storyline, and won the award. In 2011, McKidd was nominated for the Prism Award for Best Performance in a Drama Series, for his work on "Grey's Anatomy". McKidd was nominated, along with the rest of the "Grey's Anatomy" cast, for Best Drama Series at the 21st GLAAD Media Awards, in 2010. Also in 2010, McKidd, and the rest of the cast, were nominated for Outstanding Drama Series, at the NAACP Image Awards. The same nomination was received at the 2011 NAACP Image Awards, with the cast winning the award. At the 43rd NAACP Image Awards, in 2012, McKidd and the cast were nominated yet again for Outstanding Drama Series.
References.
Specific
General

</doc>
<doc id="20104142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104142" title="AirMedia Group, Inc.">
AirMedia Group, Inc.

AirMedia Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMCN) is a leading operator of out-of-home advertising platforms in China targeting mid-to-high-end consumers. 
Profile.
AirMedia Group Inc. (Nasdaq: AMCN) has taken over 90% share of the digital air media market, and held up to the resources of traditional airport media market above all the others. The company’s air media network has covered 50 airports in such major cities as Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou, and more than 2,500 routes of 8 airliners, including Air China, China Eastern Airlines, and China Southern Airlines. 
In November 2007, AirMedia became the first NASDAQ-listed company in China’s air media industry. Since its founding in 2005, AirMedia has undergone fast growth and become the leading company in China’s air media market. Relying on its innovative media technologies and efficient operation capacity, AirMedia has initiated a nationwide network of digital air media system, including airport TV system and Digital Frame System. In its course into the traditional air media market, AirMedia highlights the combination of creativity and innovation, and has successfully optimized the traditional air media performances in such major airports as Beijing Capital International Airport, Shenzhen International Airport and Guangzhou Airport.
As the exclusive outdoor advertising contractor of SINOPEC, AirMedia is about to fully extend its service, through developing and operating outdoor advertising platforms, to SINOPEC’s 30,000 gas stations throughout the country.
Product and Service.
Digital Aviation Media;
Traditional Aviation Media;
Gas station Media;
OOH Meida

</doc>
<doc id="20104175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104175" title="Curiosity (The Jets song)">
Curiosity (The Jets song)

"Curiosity" was the first single released by The Jets from their critically and commercially successful debut album "The Jets". This was a successful single on the R&B chart in the U.S., peaking at number eight.

</doc>
<doc id="20104245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104245" title="Processing delay">
Processing delay

In a network based on packet switching, processing delay is the time it takes routers to process the packet header. Processing delay is a key component in network delay.
During processing of a packet, routers may check for bit-level errors in the packet that occurred during transmission as well as determining where the packet's next destination is. Processing delays in high-speed routers are typically on the order of microseconds or less. After this nodal processing, the router directs the packet to the queue where further delay can happen (queuing delay).
In the past, the processing delay has been ignored as insignificant compared to the other forms of network delay. However, in some systems, the processing delay can be quite large especially where routers are performing complex encryption algorithms and examining or modifying packet content. Deep packet inspection done by some networks examine packet content for security, legal, or other reasons, which can cause very large delay and thus is only done at selected inspection points. Routers performing network address translation also have higher than normal processing delay because those routers need to examine and modify both incoming and outgoing packets.

</doc>
<doc id="20104249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104249" title="Symbolist Manifesto">
Symbolist Manifesto

The Symbolist Manifesto (French: "Le Symbolisme") is a French work published in 1886 in the French newspaper "Le Figaro" by the Greek-born poet and essayist Jean Moréas. It defines and characterizes Symbolism as a style whose "goal was not the ideal, but whose sole purpose was to express itself for the sake of being expressed." It names Charles Baudelaire, Stéphane Mallarmé, and Paul Verlaine as the three leading poets of the movement.

</doc>
<doc id="20104295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104295" title="Li Yinzhu">
Li Yinzhu

Li Yin Zhu (simplified Chinese: 李茵珠; born 14 September 1949) is a Singaporean veteran Chinese actress, appearing in MediaCorp drama serials. She has been in the entertainment industry since 1969 and has filmed more than 150 drama serials to date.
She has since retired in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20104319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104319" title="Krumperk Castle">
Krumperk Castle

Krumperk Castle (, ) is a castle or manor located in Gorjuša near the town of Domžale in central Slovenia.
History.
According to Valvasor, the castle was built in the late 13th century by the noble Rabensbergs from Koprivnik. The predecessor of the current castle is first mentioned in 1338 as a possession of Herkules of Krumperk, of the noble house of Kreutberg. By the 15th century, it belonged to the house of Rusbach, which sold it to Engelhand Zellenperger in 1410 under the name "Turn Chraw-perg". Valvasor notes that it had once been called either "Thurn unter Kreutberg" or "Thurn zu Kreutberg", although there is confusion as to which of these names referred to Krumperk Castle and which to the ruin of Koprivnik (Rabensberg) Castle near Moravče.
At the end of the 16th century, the male Zellenperger line went extinct, and the castle passed by inheritance accord to the older branch of the house of Rauber, one of the most prominent noble families in 15th and 16th century Carniola, who were later elevated to barons. The best-known member of the family was Adam von Rauber, who participated in the Battle of Sisak. At its height, the Krumperk lordship contained the settlements of Dob, Ihan, Krtina, Brezovica, and Studenec.
The Raubers replaced the old castle with the current building in 1580. Their line eventually went extinct; the daughter of the last Baron Rauber was the mother of the historian Johann Weikhard von Valvasor. The next owners, in 1631, were the Rasp family, followed by the counts Thurn-Valsassina, then in 1840 the barons Rechbach, who in 1928 moved to Austria after selling the estate to its final private owner, Stanka Pogačnik, a landowner from Ruše near Maribor. 
After World War II, the castle was nationalized and stripped of its furnishings. The communist authorities converted the structure into a sanatorium for wounded military officers; in 1953, it was given to the Municipality of Domžale, which subdivided it into apartment housing. In 1985, the Krumperk holdings were partitioned; the castle went to Agrokombinat and the estate was taken over by Biotechnical Faculty of the University of Ljubljana, which established an equestrian center.
Today, the castle is the subject of a denationalization proceeding and is in a fairly poor state of repair. The Spelunkers' Club () is located nearby, as are two karst caves: Iron Cave () and Hag's Cave (). The castle meadow hosts the Krumperk Equestrian Club, sponsored by the Veterinary Faculty of the University of Ljubljana.
Tales of the castle's past are collected in the book "Jutro ob kresu" (Morning Beside the Bonfire) by Ivan Sivec.

</doc>
<doc id="20104329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104329" title="Taken (novel)">
Taken (novel)

Taken is a crime novel by the American writer Kathleen George set in 1990s Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. 
It tells the story of a baby taken in broad daylight downtown Pittsburgh. Protagonist Marina Benedict gets involved, and detective Richard Christie takes on the task of finding the missing child of a rookie pitcher for the Pittsburgh Pirates.
Sources.
"Contemporary Authors Online". The Gale Group, 2006. PEN (Permanent Entry Number): 0000142340.

</doc>
<doc id="20104338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104338" title="Sinovac Biotech">
Sinovac Biotech

Sinovac Biotech Ltd. () is a biopharmaceutical company that focuses on the research, development, manufacture and commercialization of vaccines that protect against human infectious diseases. The company is based in Beijing, China. 
Sinovac's commercialized vaccines include Healive (hepatitis A), Bilive (combined hepatitis A and B), Anflu (influenza), Panflu (H5N1) and PANFLU.1 (H1N1). Sinovac is currently developing Universal Pandemic Influenza vaccine and Japanese encephalitis vaccine.
Sinovac is developing vaccines for enterovirus 71, universal pandemic influenza, Japanese encephalitis, and human rabies. Its wholly owned subsidiary, Tangshan Yian, is conducting field trials for independently developed inactivated animal rabies vaccines.

</doc>
<doc id="20104357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104357" title="IMCO Carbide Tool">
IMCO Carbide Tool

IMCO Carbide Tool is an American manufacturing company that researches, designs and manufactures high-performance cutting tools for a variety of applications in the aerospace, automotive, medical, petrochemical, and manufacturing industries. Founded in 1977 by Lawrence R. Osburn and headquartered in Perrysburg, Ohio, IMCO serves a diverse customer base of small job shops to large production operations around the world. The company is ISO 9001:2000 registered.
Timeline.
1977 - Company founded by Lawrence R. Osburn, as a tool wholesaling company.
1984 - Perry Osburn named president.
1985 - Purchased A.C. Carbide Company of Rochester, Michigan to enter manufacturing business.
1998 - IMCO launches STREAKERS M2 end mills for machining in aluminum.
2000 - IMCO purchases Menlo Tool Company of Warren, Michigan to expand export business.
2000 - IMCO Launches M7 Omega-6 end mills with 6 flutes for high-grade finishing.
2002 - enDURO launch.
2005 - IMCO introduces POW-R-FEED M9 high-performance multipurpose end mills.
2011 - IMCO introduces second-generation of enDURO M525 end mill line for machining in stainless steels and titanium.
2012 - IMCO launches the POW-R-FEED M924, a second-generation version of the original with the new AlCrNX coating and reinforced cutting edges that remove several times the metal per tool as the original M904.
History.
IMCO Carbide Tool is a family -owned and -operated company founded in 1977 by Lawrence R. Osburn. With his wife and two sons, Perry and Matthew, Osburn built his business in general-purpose end mills, burs, routers and drills for the automotive and manufacturing industries. The sons served as company vice presidents, learning the business from the ground up and across all disciplines.
Perry succeeded his father as President in 1984, with Matthew continuing as Vice President in charge of factory set-up, production processes, hiring, training, inventory management, supplier relations and quality oversight. As the machining industry was challenged by engineered materials with difficult-to-machine characteristics and more demanding specifications and tolerances, the brothers turned their focus on developing tools to meet those challenges.
IMCO began to research and develop end mills, working with customers to create tools capable of much higher performance with new and emerging high-speed machining technologies. Versatile tools dubbed STREAKERS M2 end mills were introduced in 1988. STREAKERS were designed especially for working in aluminum. A notoriously "soft" metal, aluminum tends to meld in the intense heat of the cutting zone before the chips can be evacuated. This causes the chips to congeal in the cutting zone, requiring downtime to clear the blockage and, often, replace the tool. Tests with customer shops showed that STREAKERS end mills' two- and three-flute design eliminate this clogging problem.
IMCO's M7 Omega-6 end mills, introduced in 2000, were designed to resolve problems in achieving high surface finishes, especially in hard-to-machine materials. With these materials, from cast iron to titanium, the more balanced and frequent the contact between the cutting edges and the material, the smoother the finish. IMCO developed geometries that maximize contact while maintaining exceptional balance (breaking up harmonics). A heat-resistant coating helps deflect the intense heat generated by cutting tough metals with six ultra-hard carbide flutes. Customers use Omega-6 end mills for a wide range of machining applications, describing "performance they didn't think was possible."
Soon thereafter, IMCO launched another new product called enDURO M5 end mills, developed especially for working in and finishing aerospace alloys (titanium, stainless steels) and high-silicon aluminum. This line includes three- and five-flute designs to accommodate varying needs for chipload, chip evacuation and finish quality. Advances in coating formulations add to the tools' productivity and extended life.
By 2004, the demand for titanium and stainless steel increased; the medical instruments/equipment industry expanded and many planes in commercial and military fleets were "aging-out" of service. By 2005, IMCO had introduced the POW-R-FEED M9 series, a group of high-performance end mills effective in milling, pocketing, slotting and finishing in titanium and stainless steel and other very hard metals.
This demand for machining in engineered metals also prompted a return to the M5 enDURO M505 end mill for redesign. In 2011, the second generation enDURO M525 was launched with refined geometries for even stronger, more chip-resistant cutting edges and higher metal removal rates. Repeated testing showed enDURO tools were effective in titanium and other hard metals even using low-horsepower machining centers. This not only enabled smaller job shops to share in the titanium work, it also allowed shops of all sizes to keep its older/low horsepower equipment running if higher horsepower centers were needed for another project, maximizing capacity and resources.
With 2012 came the launch of the second generation of the original 4-flute POW-R-FEED with the introduction of the POW-R-FEED M924. This line expansion also marked the appearance of a new engineered coating - aluminum-chromium-nitride or AlCrNX - with improved heat protection. IMCO refined the tool's rake and relief angles and reinforced its cutting edges, which afforded users higher metal removal rates and shorter cycle times. Better chip resistance along the cutting edges offered the longer tool life shops need to reduce overall tool costs. IMCO distinguished between the POW-R-FEED lines, recommending the M924 for higher-volume operations and the original M904 for shop environments where short runs and a variety of materials are common.
Products.
IMCO tools are designed, tested, sourced and manufactured in the U.S. for machining in a wide range of materials, such as aluminum, carbon and stainless steel, tool steels, titanium, cast iron, high-temperature alloys, copper and magnesium alloys, brass, bronze, composites, plastics, and graphite. IMCO tool categories include high-performance and general-purpose end mills, burs, drills, countersinks, rougher/finishers, reamers, routers, die trimmers and custom-made, special purpose precision tools for industrial applications. The company also performs custom modifications to off-the-shelf cutting tools.
IMCO Carbide Tool products begin with "blanks," or rods of micrograin carbide or ultra-fine micrograin carbide, because of its extreme hardness and favorable heat resistance.
IMCO specializes in high-performance end mills designed with variable fluting. Varying flute geometries break up the harmonics, or multiple mechanical frequencies that develop as tools spin and can cause tool instability and failure. Variable fluting breaks up harmonics and keeps the tool balanced as it turns for optimum tool stability. This, in turn, enables the tool to cut with greater precision.
IMCO high-performance tools frequently include an engineered coating that deflects heat away from the tool. Typical coatings in the industry include titanium nitride (TiN), aluminum titanium nitride (AlTiN) and titanium aluminum nitride (TiAlN), although IMCO, like many tool makers, fine-tunes these engineered coatings for better heat protection and longer tool use. IMCO added another coating - an aluminum-chromium-nitride (AlCrNX) formula - with the POW-R-FEED M924 end mill introduced in 2012. This AlCrNX coating was shown in research to provide heightened heat protection and exponentially longer tool life.
Because extreme temperatures are generated in the cutting zone, where the cutting edges shear through the material at very high speeds, coatings are added to deflect the heat away from the tool. Coatings offer varying degrees of heat protection, or hot hardness, as well as other unique performance characteristics, depending on their formulation. Tools coated with each formulation will work well in some materials and poorly in others. Coatings also provide a degree of lubricity that helps evacuate metal cuttings or chips, from the cutting zone. This prevents clogs and removes chips before they can melt and bond with the tool's cutting edges, which ruins the tool.
Tool geometries, or cutting and fluting angles, are essential to the tool's performance. A minute change in angle or cutting radius can make a significant difference in the tool's balance, chiploads and other performance characteristics. IMCO and other tool manufacturers conduct extensive research to fine-tune these geometries, especially for use in heat-treated alloy steels, Inconel, Hastelloy and other engineered metals. Through research and testing, IMCO has developed a range of "unique combinations using multiple coating formulas and substrates."

</doc>
<doc id="20104381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104381" title="Wanship, Utah">
Wanship, Utah

Wanship is a census-designated place in Summit County, Utah, United States. The population was 400 at the 2010 census.
Wanship is located at the intersection of Interstate 80 and Utah State Route 32, at the junction of Silver Creek and the Weber River. It is from Salt Lake City, and from Coalville. The town lies at an elevation of .
History.
Wanship was founded in 1859 by Stephen Nixon and Henry Roper, who were joined by other settlers over the next two years. In 1861, 300 Native Americans settled in the area. The sudden population increase made attempting to gather food in the area difficult. A friendly Ute, Chief Wanship, helped the non-native settlers to find game, locate edible plants, and trade with the Indians. In return, the town was named for him.
Farming in the area included rye, barley, wheat, and alfalfa. The town also served as a local commodity hub, as coal from Coalville, silver from Park City, and lumber from Kamas passed through. In 1862 an overland stage stop, called the Kimballs Stage Station, opened in Wanship. Due to its central location, Wanship became the first county seat of Summit County, from the formation of the county government in 1866 until Coalville became county seat in 1872.
The first two-story home built in Summit County was built in Wanship, and has since been relocated to Pioneer Village in Lagoon Amusement Park.
Wanship today.
Today Wanship exists as a small, unincorporated community. There are a few businesses, including a restaurant and filling station, and a museum in an old barn that contains a collection of antique carriages and other western memorabilia. The Wanship Dam, creating the Rockport Reservoir, was built south of the town in the mid 1950s.
Demographics.
As of the census of 2010, there were 400 people residing in the CDP. There were 164 housing units. The racial makeup of the town was 91.5% White, 0.3% American Indian and Alaska Native, 6.0% from some other race, and 2.3% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 8.8% of the population.

</doc>
<doc id="20104422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104422" title="Retired MTA Regional Bus Operations demonstration bus fleet">
Retired MTA Regional Bus Operations demonstration bus fleet

The Metropolitan Transportation Authority (New York) (MTA) has tested single buses from time to time, usually on loan from the manufacturer.

</doc>
<doc id="20104457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104457" title="Cabela's Monster Bass">
Cabela's Monster Bass

"Cabela's Monster Bass" is a fishing video game published by Activision Value for the PlayStation 2. It was released in the North America on November 19, 2007.
Reception.
IGN criticized the game for its broken control scheme and the poor presentation, writing, "The graphics are lackluster, the game offers no incentive to keep playing, the replay value is practically nonexistent, and the broken controls are unforgivable." PlayStation the Official Magazine gives a short summary, "Bass fishing gets the Cabela's touch this summer on PlayStation 2."

</doc>
<doc id="20104478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104478" title="Broch (disambiguation)">
Broch (disambiguation)

Broch can refer to:
People.
Broch, a Norwegian, German or Austrian surname.
Places.
The Broch, a local name for several Scottish towns.

</doc>
<doc id="20104524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104524" title="United States House of Representatives elections in Idaho, 2010">
United States House of Representatives elections in Idaho, 2010

The 2010 congressional elections in Idaho were held on November 2, 2010, and determined who would represent the state of Idaho in the United States House of Representatives. Idaho has two seats in the House, apportioned according to the 2000 United States Census. Representatives are elected for two-year terms; the winners served in the 112th Congress from January 3, 2011 until January 3, 2013.
District 1.
Overview.
In this heavily conservative district that consists of western Idaho and the Idaho Panhandle, incumbent Democratic Congressman Walt Minnick was seen as vulnerable, especially considering the fact that he won in 2008 against an embattled, weakened incumbent. Minnick, however, worked to build a profile as a moderate-to-conservative Democrat, voting against the 2009 Stimulus, the health care reform bill, and the American Clean Energy and Security Act, Furthermore, Congressman Minnick was the only Democrat to receive a perfect score from the Club for Growth, typically an organization that supports conservative Republican candidates for office.
Republican primary.
Several Republican candidates, including Iraq War veteran Vaughn Ward, State Representatives Raúl Labrador and Ken Roberts, and physician Allan Salzberg, ran for the Republican nomination to challenge Minnick. Roberts eventually dropped out, as did Salzberg; both former candidates endorsed Labrador. Vaughn Ward's campaign received coverage from as far away as Great Britain as Sarah Palin came to Idaho endorse Ward, who was one of the National Republican Congressional Committee's Young Guns. Critics seized on various troubles with the campaign, including multiple instances of plagiarism, Ward's failure to vote in the 2008 presidential elections and his referral to Puerto Rico as a "country." Ultimately, despite the fact that many prominent conservatives had lined up behind Ward, Labrador triumphed in a contentious primary election.
General election.
A contentious general election ensued, with both Minnick and Labrador launching aggressive campaign ads against each other. When Labrador accused the Congressman of supporting a middle class tax increase in a television ad, controversy quickly ensued; Idaho Public Television threatened to pull the ad for its inaccuracy and critics accused Labrador of taking Minnick's remarks out of context. When Minnick aired an ad, Labrador attacked it for including pictures that made him "look like an illegal immigrant." Minnick strongly stressed his independent credentials; his claims were seemingly validated when the Tea Party Express, the largest group affiliated with the broader movement, endorsed his campaign for re-election. Going into election night, polling indicated Minnick with a lead over Labrador, but after the votes were tallied, Labrador defeated Minnick by a solid margin in a surprising upset.
District 2.
Campaign.
This conservative district, based in eastern Idaho and the Magic Valley region of Idaho, has been represented by incumbent Republican Congressman Mike Simpson since he was first elected in 1998. Simpson did not face a serious challenge in his bid for a seventh term from Democratic candidate Mike Crawford or independent candidate Brian Schad and was re-elected by a large margin on election day.

</doc>
<doc id="20104551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104551" title="Da'el">
Da'el

Da'el (, also spelled Da'il) is a town in southern Syria located on the old road between Daraa and Damascus, located approximately 14 kilometers north of Daraa. Administratively, it belongs to the Daraa District of the Daraa Governorate and is the center of the Da'el "nahiyah" ("subdistrict") which also includes one other town, Abtaa, to the immediate north. Other nearby localities include Tafas to the west, Othman to the south, Khirbet al-Ghazaleh to the east, Nimer and Qarfa to the northeast, al-Shaykh Maskin to the north and al-Shaykh Saad to the northwest.
As of the 2004 census by the Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS), the population of Da'el town was 29,408, while the Da'el subdistrict was 43,691. Its inhabitants are predominantly Sunni Muslims. The inhabitants are mainly involved in agriculture of grains (wheat, beans, olives, grapes, etc.) and expertise manpower in some Persian Gulf countries (UAE, KSA, Kuwait and Qatar).
The city was recently modernized with a new wave of services such as high-speed internet, full cell-phone coverage, new land line phones with a boom in construction field. Government employees do not exceed 5% of the town's population while the rest operate their own businesses.
History.
In 1596 Da'el appeared in the Ottoman tax registers as " Da'il" and was part of the "nahiya" of Bani Malik al-Asraf in the Qada of Hauran. It had an entirely Muslim population consisting of 42 households and 20 bachelors. Taxes were paid on wheat, barley, summer crops, goats and/or beehives and a water mill.
In 1838 Da'el was classified as a Muslim village. At the end of the 19th century, the village had 300 inhabitants and 65 houses. Throughout the later Ottoman era and up until the dominance of the Ba'ath Party during the 1960s, the al-Hariri clan, which had its principal seat in Da'el, was the most powerful clan in the Hauran region of southern Syria, controlling about 18 villages. The al-Hariri family had also been the chief patrons of the Rifa'i order of Sufi mystics in the Hauran. The Rifa'i were the most prominent Sufi order in the area. 
During the French occupation (1918-1946), they entered into a rivalry with the Zu'bi clan which was based in nearby Khirbet al-Ghazaleh and controlled 16 villages. The al-Hariri were largely aligned with nationalist movement, while the Zu'bi leadership was identified with the French Mandatory authorities. While the al-Hariri naturally benefited from Syrian independence and also received backing from Saudi Arabia, the Zu'bi managed to gain more influence during Baathist governance, but more so on the individual and lower-stratum level rather than as a tribal unit. The influence of both the tribes and their leaders considerably dwindled during the Baathist era, nonetheless.
In March 2011 Da'el was among the first towns in the area of Daraa where residents participated in demonstrations against the government of Bashar al-Assad, which would eventually culminate into the ongoing Syrian civil war. On 29 March 2013 the town was reportedly captured by anti-government rebels. Da'el is strategically located on one of two main north-south highways that connect Damascus to Daraa. The rebels initially enagaged in clashes with Syrian Army troops manning checkpoints outside the town, leaving 12 government soldiers and 16 rebels, according to the activist group Syrian Observatory for Human Rights (SOHR).

</doc>
<doc id="20104565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104565" title="Alex Dyer">
Alex Dyer

Alex Dyer or Alexander Dyer is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="20104614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104614" title="Voigt/465">
Voigt/465

Voigt/465 were an Australian post-punk band based in Sydney. They were a feature of the Sydney inner-city music-scene during the late 1970s and their music was critically acclaimed. Their sound was influenced by Krautrock and has been described by a band-member as an "unsettling mixture of song-driven rock elements and free-noise experimentation". Voigt/465 recorded an album, "Slights Unspoken", before they disbanded in late 1979. With their self-funded recordings and determinedly uncompromising music Voigt/465 epitomised the do-it-yourself ethic of the alternative music scene of the late 1970s.
History.
Voigt/465 was formed in 1976 from a group of school-friends. The band was composed of Rod Pobestek (guitar), Lindsay O’Meara (bass), Phil Turnbull (synthesiser, organ and vocals), Rae Macron Cru (vocals) and Bruce Stalder (drums). They rehearsed and played sporadically during 1977. In 1978 Voigt/465 recorded four songs at Axent Studios at Kogarah, in Sydney’s southern suburbs.
During 1978 the band performed more regularly and began to attract a following. In mid-1978 the drummer left the group and was replaced by Mark Boswell. Later that year Voigt/645 released a self-funded single made up of two of the songs they had recorded earlier that year – "State" and "A Secret West". The band had a mid-week residency at the Sussex Hotel and regularly performed at other inner-city venues in Sydney. Voigt/465 also travelled to Melbourne to perform a series of gigs. 
Voigt/465 were highlighted as the "band of 1979" in Clinton Walker's influential book "Inner City Sound", a document of punk and post-punk music in Australia.
In 1979 the bass-player Lindsay O’Meara decided to leave the band to join Crime and the City Solution in Melbourne. With Voigt/465 on the verge of breaking up the band-members decided to record an album as a lasting document of their songs. The recordings were made at Axent studios and the album "Slights Unspoken" was released in a limited edition in September 1979. 
O’Meara later returned from Melbourne and eventually joined Pel Mel. Keyboardist Phil Turnbull co-founded the band Wild West, which Rae Macron Cru also later joined.

</doc>
<doc id="20104627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104627" title="Archaeoparasitology">
Archaeoparasitology

Archaeoparasitology, a multi-disciplinary field within paleopathology, is the study of parasites in archaeological contexts. It includes studies of the protozoan and metazoan parasites of humans in the past, as well as parasites which may have affected past human societies, such as those infesting domesticated animals.
Reinhard suggested that the term "archaeoparasitology" be applied to "... all parasitological remains excavated from archaeological contexts ... derived from human activity" and that "the term 'paleoparasitology' be applied to studies of nonhuman, paleontological material." (p. 233) Paleoparasitology includes all studies of ancient parasites outside of archaeological contexts, such as those found in amber, and even dinosaur parasites.
The first archaeoparasitology report described calcified eggs of "Bilharzia haematobia" (now "Schistosoma haematobium") from the kidneys of an ancient Egyptian mummy. Since then, many fundamental archaeological questions have been answered by integrating our knowledge of the hosts, life cycles and basic biology of parasites, with the archaeological, anthropological and historical contexts in which they are found.
Parasitology basics.
Parasites are organisms which live in close association with another organism, called the host, in which the parasite benefits from the association, to the detriment of the host. Many other kinds of associations may exist between two closely allied organisms, such as commensalism or mutualism.
Endoparasites (such as protozoans and helminths), tend to be found inside the host, while ectoparasites (such as ticks, lice and fleas) live on the outside of the host body. Parasite life cycles often require that different developmental stages pass sequentially through multiple host species in order to successfully mature and reproduce. Some parasites are very host-specific, meaning that only one or a few species of hosts are capable of perpetuating their life cycle. Others are not host-specific, since many different hosts appear to harbor and pass on the infective stages of the parasite.
Most archaeoparasitology reports involve species which are considered to be true parasites of humans today. However, incidental parasitism (referred to by some authors as "pseudoparasitism", "false parasitism" or "accidental parasitism") occurs when a parasite which does not normally utilize a host for the perpetuation of its lifecycle is found in that host incidentally. One example is finding the eggs of "Cryptocotyle lingua" (a fish parasite) in the stomach contents of an Eskimo mummy. It is estimated that 70% of the "parasite" species reported from present-day humans are actually only incidental parasites. Some incidental parasites do cause harm to the infested pseudohosts.
Sources of material.
In archaeological contexts, endoparasites (or their eggs or cysts) are usually found in (i) fossilized human or animal dung (coprolites), (ii) the tissues and digestive contents of mummified corpses, or (iii) soil samples from latrines, cesspits, or middens (dumps for domestic waste). A cyst of "Echinococcus granulosus" was even retrieved from cemetery soil in Poland. Ectoparasites may be found on the skin or scalp, as well as wigs, clothing, or personal grooming accessories found in archaeological sites. Ectoparasite eggs may be found attached to individual hairs. The International Ancient Egyptian Mummy Tissue Bank in Manchester, England, provides tissue samples for a variety of uses, including parasitological studies.
Since 1910, parasite remains have been found in archaeological samples from Africa, the Americas, Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and New Zealand. The age of archaeological sites yielding human parasite remains ranges from approx. 25,000-30,000 years ago to late 19th-early 20th century. Parasite remains have also been found in domestic animal remains at archaeological sites.
Human skeletal remains may exhibit indirect evidence of parasitism. For example, hookworm ("Ancyslostoma duodenale") parasitism may lead to anemia, and anemia is one factor associated with the skeletal changes of cribra orbitalia and porotic hyperostosis. Thus, hookworm parasitism "may" be a causal factor in observed cribra orbitalia and porotic hyperostosis, though dietary factors may also lead to anemia.
Information on the presence of intermediate hosts, required for life cycle completion by many parasites, is also useful in determining the likelihood that a parasite may have infected a particular ancient society. One example is the identification of molluscan intermediate hosts of schistosomiasis in an Islamic archaeological context.
Artifacts depicting the appearance of individuals may also indicate cases of parasitism. Examples include the characteristic facial deformities of leishmaniasis found on pre-Columbian Mochica pottery, and morphological features of certain ancient Egyptian figurative art. Literary sources also provide valuable information regarding not only the parasites present in historic societies, but also the knowledge and attitudes that the people had towards their parasitic infestations. However, specific parasitological diagnoses reported in ancient and medieval texts must always be read with some degree of skepticism.
Techniques and methods.
Parasite remains in archaeological samples are identified by a variety of techniques. Very durable remains, such as eggs and cysts, may remain intact for many thousands of years. In some cases, relatively intact soft-bodied adult helminths and ectoparasitic arthropods have been found. All of these forms can be identified to the family, genus or species level by compound or electron microscopy.
In cases where the intact bodies of parasites are not found, protein or DNA from the parasite may still be present. Antigenic and immunological assays (including enzyme-linked immunoassay - ELISA,), and DNA sequencing are used to identify the source of these chemical remains, often to the species level.
Fundamental questions.
Archaeoparasitological studies have provided information on many fundamental archaeological, historical, and biogeographical questions. These questions may be grouped into the following broad categories: past dietary and farming practices, animal domestication, migration patterns, climate change, sanitary practices, cultural contacts, ethnomedicine, and the overall health of various human societies. Archaeoparasitology data, combined with our knowledge of present host-parasite associations, also contributes to our understanding of the co-evolution of human host-parasite interactions. Our understanding of the geographic origins, evolution and biogeography of the parasites themselves and human diseases associated with them has also benefitted tremendously from archaeoparasitological studies.

</doc>
<doc id="20104641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104641" title="Saddanathar Kovil">
Saddanathar Kovil

Saddanathar Kovil is a Hindu Temple and located in Nallur, Jaffna, Sri Lanka.
This is an ancient temple and built in Sangiliyan Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="20104666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104666" title="Want Want">
Want Want

Want Want Holdings Limited (Want Want; ) is a food manufacturer from Taiwan. It is the largest rice cake and flavored drinks maker in Taiwan. It engages in the manufacturing and trading of snack foods and beverages. It operates over 100 manufacturing plants in Mainland China, 2 in Taiwan and employs over 60,000 people. 
History.
In 1962, Want Want began operations in the name of I Lan Foods Industrial Company Limited in Yilan County, Taiwan, which manufactured canned agricultural products. It was founded by Mr. Tsai Eng Meng's father, Jonathan Shuai Qiang Ng.
In 1983, it collaborated with Iwatsuka Confectionery Company Limited, one of the top three Japanese rice cracker makers, to develop rice cracker market in Taiwan. It was practically a charity on Iwatsuka's side, and the only payoff to Iwatsuka was a mere 5% of the common stock of the company but it is now valued at $300M (three times as large as Iwatsuka market value as of September 2009).
In 1987, it became the first Taiwanese operator to apply for the registration of the "Want Want" trademark in China.
In 1992, it started its business in Mainland China.
In 1994, it commenced its first production plant in Changsha, Hunan.
In 1996, it was listed on the Singapore Stock Exchange in the name of Want Want Holdings Pte Ltd.
In 2007, Want Want Holdings Pte Ltd was delisted from the Singapore Stock Exchange.
In 2008, its subsidiary, Want Want China Holdings Limited, was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
List of products.
Note that many Want Want products are well known in China for their bizarre advertisements. Advertisements often depict the life of a Chinese boy wanting to buy Want Want products. The symbol of Want Want came after Tsai Eng Meng's son starred in a bizarre advertisements.

</doc>
<doc id="20104671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104671" title="Tampico Alto (municipality)">
Tampico Alto (municipality)

Tampico Alto is one of the 212 municipalities of the Mexican state of Veracruz. It is located in the state's Huasteca Alta region. The municipal seat is Tampico Alto, Veracruz.
In the 2005 INEGI Census, the municipality reported a total population of 11,971 (down from 14,684 in 1980), of whom 2,126 lived in the municipal seat. 
Of the municipality's inhabitants, 129 spoke an indigenous language, primarily Wastek (Huasteco).
The municipality of Tampico Alto covers a total surface area of 1,027.35 km².

</doc>
<doc id="20104674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104674" title="List of historical makeup of the Politburo Standing Committee of the Communist Party of China">
List of historical makeup of the Politburo Standing Committee of the Communist Party of China

A List of Historical makeup of the Politburo Standing Committee of the Communist Party of China since 1927–present.
7th "de facto" PSC (1945–1956).
Often known as the "Big Five". Note: PSC originally termed the Party "Secretariat"
8th PSC (1956–1969).
Second makeup (1966–1969).
The Politburo Standing Committee was extensively changed in composition and importance of members by the 11th Plenary Session of the 8th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China (August 1966). Particularly, Lin Biao was elected only Vice-Chairman of the Central Committee, with Liu Shaoqi falling from 2nd member in importance to 8th.
11th PSC (1977–1982).
Second makeup.
In the wake of Deng Xiaoping's ascension to "paramount leader", the Politburo Standing Committee was extensively changed in composition and importance of members by the Sixth Plenary Session of the 11th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China (June, 1981)—the same meeting that adopted a resolution condemning Mao Zedong's role in the Cultural Revolution. Note that, although Deng held the 3rd position in the PSC, it was he who maintained the actual power, mainly because his ideas were now at the centre of China's new political and economic line.
16th PSC (2002–2007).
All nine members of the 16th PSC are university trained engineers.

</doc>
<doc id="20104716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104716" title="NGO Post">
NGO Post

NGO Post is a non-profit organization based in India and the US that allows citizen journalism in social work field by providing an online forum for people to share and discuss various social-welfare ideas. Everyday, worldwide, non-profit organizations work hard on solving problems in their area without knowledge of how other groups are addressing similar issues elsewhere. This lack of information results in re-inventing the wheel, wasting time, manpower and monetary resources globally. NGO Post is working on bridging this information gap amongst the social workers by acting as a platform for easy and democratic sharing of information, and providing features to promote discussions and collaborations.
Launched on 25 August 2007 by a group of students working or studying in India and the US, NGO Post has grown to have more than 15000 registered members with readership in over 194 countries worldwide.
Mission.
NGO Post is more than a traditional news website or mailing list. More than about news, it is about ideas that facilitate action. The contributing members (or citizen journalists) submit stories related to non-profit ventures in or around their lives. In the last one year, NGO Post has become a good place to read about what people are doing to make a difference in the world around them, to get inspired, to discuss ideas and even connect with people who feel about and want to contribute to certain causes. NGO Post is bridging the gap between social work and technology: allowing anyone to contribute their input in developmental work using the Internet. 
Members range from NGOs, social-workers, social entrepreneurs or simply someone interested in learning about existing problems and ongoing social work.
By encouraging local involvement at all levels, NGO Post hopes to promote a feeling of community involvement among members, and plant seeds of a grassroots movement of social activism and self-empowerment.
Implementation and Fundraising.
NGO Post's fiscal model is closer to a sustainable social venture rather than a charity running on donations and the organizational plan is to recover costs from revenues once initial critical growth has been achieved.

</doc>
<doc id="20104723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104723" title="United States Senate election in Idaho, 2010">
United States Senate election in Idaho, 2010

The 2010 United States Senate election in Idaho took place on November 2, 2010, alongside 33 other elections to the United States Senate in other states as well as elections to the United States House of Representatives and various state and local elections. Incumbent Republican U.S. Senator Mike Crapo won re-election to a third term.
General election.
Campaign.
Sullivan, a heavy underdog, has criticized Crapo for being in Washington for too long saying “Senator Crapo has been in Congress for 18 years. The country is struggling, and I think it’s time to make a change.” Crapo has emphasized his conservative record in Washington.

</doc>
<doc id="20104756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104756" title="Tampico Alto">
Tampico Alto

Tampico Alto is a town in the Mexican state of Veracruz. Located in the state's Huasteca Alta region, it serves as the municipal seat of the surrounding municipality of Tampico Alto. 
In the 2005 INEGI Census, Tampico Alto reported a population of 2,126. 

</doc>
<doc id="20104775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20104775" title="Ranulf le Meschin, 3rd Earl of Chester">
Ranulf le Meschin, 3rd Earl of Chester

Ranulf le Meschin, 3rd Earl of Chester (1070−1129) was a late 11th- and early 12th-century Norman magnate based in northern and central England. Originating in Bessin in Normandy, Ranulf made his career in England thanks to his kinship with Hugh d'Avranches - the earl of Chester, the patronage of kings William II Rufus and Henry I Beauclerc, and his marriage to Lucy, heiress of the Bolingbroke-Spalding estates in Lincolnshire.
Ranulf fought in Normandy on behalf of Henry I, and served the English king as a kind of semi-independent governor in the far north-west, in Cumberland and Westmorland, founding Wetheral Priory. After the death of his cousin Richard d'Avranches in the White Ship Disaster of November 1120, Ranulf became earl of the county of Chester on the Anglo-Welsh marches. He held this position for the remainder of his life, and passed the title on to his son.
Family and origins.
Ranulf le Meschin's father and mother represented two different families of viscounts in Normandy, and both of them were strongly tied to Henry, son of William the Conqueror. His father was Ranulf de Briquessart, and likely for this reason the former Ranulf was styled "le Meschin", "the younger". Ranulf's father was viscount of the Bessin, the area around Bayeux. Besides Odo, bishop of Bayeux, Ranulf the elder was the most powerful magnate in the Bessin region of Normandy. Ranulf le Meschin's great-grandmother may even have been from the ducal family of Normandy, as le Meschin's paternal great-grandfather viscount Anschitil is known to have married a daughter of Duke Richard III.
Ranulf le Meschin's mother, Margaret, was the daughter of Richard Goz. Richard's father Thurstan Goz had become viscount of the Hiémois between 1017 and 1025, while Richard himself became viscount of the Avranchin in either 1055 or 1056. Her brother (Richard Goz's son) was Hugh d'Avranches "Lupus" ("the Wolf"), viscount of the Avranchin and Earl of Chester (from c. 1070). Ranulf was thus, in addition to being heir to the Bessin, the nephew of one of Norman England's most powerful and prestigious families.
We know from an entry in the Durham "Liber Vitae", c. 1098 x 1120, that Ranulf le Meschin had an older brother named Richard (who died in youth), and a younger brother named William. He had a sister called Agnes, who later married Robert de Grandmesnil (died 1136).
Early career.
Historian C. Warren Hollister thought that Ranulf's father Ranulf de Briquessart was one of the early close companions of Prince Henry, the future Henry I. Hollister called Ranulf the Elder "a friend from Henry's youthful days in western Normandy", and argued that the homeland of the two Ranulfs had been under Henry's overlordship since 1088, despite both ducal and royal authority lying with Henry's two brothers. Hollister further suggested that Ranulf le Meschin may have had a role in persuading Robert Curthose to free Henry from captivity in 1089.
The date of Ranulf senior's death, and succession of Ranulf junior, is unclear, but the former's last and the latter's earliest appearance in extant historical records coincides, dating to 24 April 1089 in charter of Robert Curthose, Duke of Normandy, to Bayeux Cathedral. Ranulf le Meschin appears as "Ranulf son of Ranulf the viscount".
In the foundation charter of Chester Abbey granted by his uncle Hugh Lupus, earl of Chester, and purportedly issued in 1093, Ranulf le Meschin is listed as a witness. His attestation to this grant is written "Signum Ranulfi nepotis comitis", "signature of Ranulf nephew of the earl". However, the editor of the Chester comital charters, Geoffrey Barraclough, thought this charter was forged in the period of Earl Ranulf II. Between 1098 and 1101 (probably in 1098) Ranulf became a major English landowner in his own right when he became the third husband of Lucy, heiress of the honour of Bolingbroke in Lincolnshire. This acquisition also brought him the lordship of Appleby in Westmorland, previously held by Lucy's second husband Ivo Taillebois.
Marriage to a great heiress came only with royal patronage, which in turn meant that Ranulf had to be respected and trusted by the king. Ranulf was probably, like his father, among the earliest and most loyal of Henry's followers, and was noted as such by Orderic Vitalis. Ranulf was however not recorded often at the court of Henry I, and did not form part of the king's closest group of administrative advisers. He witnessed charters only occasionally, though this became more frequent after he became earl. In 1106 he is found serving as a one of several justiciars at York hearing a case about the lordship of Ripon. In 1116 he is recorded in a similar context.
Ranulf was, however, one of the king's military companions. When, soon after Whitsun 1101 Henry heard news of a planned invasion of England by his brother Robert Curthose, he sought promises from his subjects to defended the kingdom. A letter to the men of Lincolnshire names Ranulf as one of four figures entrusted with collecting these oaths. Ranulf was one of the magnates who accompanied King Henry on his invasion of Duke Robert's Norman territory in 1106. Ranulf served under Henry as an officer of the royal household when the latter was on campaign; Ranulf was in fact one of his three commanders at the Battle of Tinchebrai. The first line of Henry's force was led by Ranulf, the second (with the king) by Robert of Meulan, and third by William de Warrene, with another thousand knights from Brittany and Maine led by Helias, Count of Maine. Ranulf's line consisted of the men of Bayeux, Avranches and Coutances.
Lord of Cumberland.
A charter issued in 1124 by David I, King of the Scots, to Robert I de Brus cited Ranulf's lordship of Carlisle and Cumberland as a model for Robert's new lordship in Annandale. This is significant because Robert is known from other sources to have acted with semi-regal authority in this region. A source from 1212 attests that the jurors of Cumberland remembered Ranulf as "quondam dominus Cumberland" ("sometime Lord of Cumberland"). Ranulf possessed the power and in some respects the dignity of a semi-independent earl in the region, though he lacked the formal status of being called such. A contemporary illustration of this authority comes from the records of Wetheral Priory, where Ranulf is found addressing his own sheriff, "Richer" (probably Richard de Boivill, baron of Kirklinton). Indeed, no royal activity occurred in Cumberland or Westmorland during Ranulf's time in charge there, testimony to the fullness of his powers in the region.
Ivo Taillebois, when he married Ranulf's future wife Lucy, had acquired her Lincolnshire lands but sometime after 1086 he acquired estates in Kendal and elsewhere in Westmorland. Adjacent lands in Westmorland and Lancashire that had previously been controlled by Earl Tostig Godwinson were probably carved up between Roger the Poitevin and Ivo in the 1080s, a territorial division at least partially responsible for the later boundary between the two counties. Norman lordship in the heartland of Cumberland can be dated from chronicle sources to around 1092, the year King William Rufus seized the region from its previous ruler, Dolfin. There is inconclusive evidence that settlers from Ivo's Lincolnshire lands had come into Cumberland as a result.
Between 1094 and 1098 Lucy was married to Roger fitz Gerold de Roumare, and it is probable that this marriage was the king's way of transferring authority in the region to Roger fitz Gerold. Only from 1106 however, well into the reign of Henry I, do we have certain evidence that this authority had come to Ranulf. The "traditional view", held by the historian William Kapelle, was that Ranulf's authority in the region did not come about until 1106 or after, as a reward for participation in the Battle of Tinchebrai. Another historian, Richard Sharpe, has recently attacked this view and argued that it probably came in or soon after 1098. Sharpe stressed that Lucy was the mechanism by which this authority changed hands, and pointed out that Ranulf had been married to Lucy years before Tinchebrai and can be found months before Tinchebrai taking evidence from county jurors at York (which may have been responsible for Cumbria at this point).
Ranulf likewise distributed land to the church, founding a Benedictine monastic house at Wetheral. This he established as a daughter-house of St Mary's Abbey, York, a house that in turn had been generously endowed by Ivo Taillebois. This had occurred by 1112, the year of the death of Abbot Stephen of St Mary's, named in the foundation deed. In later times at least, the priory of Wetheral was dedicated to St Mary and the Holy Trinity, as well as another saint named Constantine. Ranulf gave Wetheral, among other things, his two churches at Appleby, St Lawrences (Burgate) and St Michaels (Bongate).
As an incoming regional magnate Ranulf would be expected to distribute land to his own followers, and indeed the record of the jurors of Cumberland dating to 1212 claimed that Ranulf created two baronies in the region. Ranulf's brother-in-law Robert de Trevers received the barony of Burgh-by-Sands, while the barony of Liddel went to Turgis Brandos. He appears to have attempted to give the large compact barony of Gilsland to his brother William, but failed to dislogdge the native lord, the eponymous "Gille" son of Boite; later the lordship of Allerdale (including Copeland), even larger than Gilsland stretching along the coast from the river Ellen to the river Esk, was given to William. Kirklinton may have been given to Richard de Boivill, Ranulf's sheriff.
Earl of Chester.
1120 was a fateful year for both Henry I and Ranulf. Richard, earl of Chester, like Henry's son and heir William Adeling, died in the White Ship Disaster near Barfleur on 25 November. Only four days before the disaster, Ranulf and his cousin Richard had witnessed a charter together at Cerisy.
Henry probably could not wait long to replace Richard, as the Welsh were resurgent under the charismatic leadership of Gruffydd ap Cynan. According to the "Historia Regum", Richard's death prompted the Welsh to raid Cheshire, looting, killing, and burning two castles. Perhaps because of his recognised military ability and social strength, because he was loyal and because he was the closest male relation to Earl Richard, Henry recognized Ranulf as Richard's successor to the county of Chester.
In 1123, Henry sent Ranulf to Normandy with a large number of knights and with his bastard son, Robert, Earl of Gloucester, to strengthen the garrisons there. Ranulf commanded the king's garrison at Évreux and governed the county of Évreux during the 1123-1124 war with William Clito, Robert Curthose's son and heir. In March 1124 Ranulf assisted in the capture of Waleran, Count of Meulan. Scouts informed Ranulf that Waleran's forces were planning an expedition to Vatteville, and Ranulf planned an to intercept them, a plan carried out by Henry de Pommeroy, Odo Borleng and William de Pont-Authou, with 300 knights. A battle followed, perhaps at Rougemontier (or Bourgthéroulde), in which Waleran was captured.
Although Ranulf bore the title "earl of Chester", the honour ("i.e.," group of estates) which formed the holdings of the earl of Chester were scattered throughout England, and during the rule of his predecessors included the cantref of Tegeingl in Perfeddwlad in north-western Wales. Around 1100, only a quarter of the value of the honour actually lay in Cheshire, which was one of England's poorest and least developed counties. The estates elsewhere were probably given to the earls in compensation for Cheshire's poverty, in order to strengthen its vulnerable position on the Anglo-Welsh border. The possibility of conquest and booty in Wales should have supplemented the lordship's wealth and attractiveness, but for much of Henry's reign the English king tried to keep the neighboring Welsh princes under his peace.
Ranulf's accession may have involved him giving up many of his other lands, including much of his wife's Lincolnshire lands as well as his lands in Cumbria, though direct evidence for this beyond convenient timing is lacking. That Cumberland was given up at this point is likely, as King Henry visited Carlisle in December 1122, where, according to the "Historia Regum", he ordered the strengthening of the castle.
Hollister believed that Ranulf offered the Bolingbroke lands to Henry in exchange for Henry's bestowal of the earldom. The historian A. T. Thacker believed that Henry I forced Ranulf to give up most of the Bolingbroke lands through fear that Ranulf would become too powerful, dominating both Cheshire and the richer county of Lincoln. Sharpe, however, suggested that Ranulf may have had to sell a great deal of land in order to pay the king for the county of Chester, though it could not have covered the whole fee, as Ranulf's son Ranulf de Gernon, when he succeeded his father to Chester in 1129, owed the king £1000 "from his father's debt for the land of Earl Hugh". Hollister thought this debt was merely the normal feudal relief expected to be paid on a large honour, and suggested that Ranulf's partial non-payment, or Henry's forgiveness for non-payment, was a form of royal patronage.
Ranulf died in January 1129, and was buried in Chester Abbey. He was survived by his wife and countess, Lucy, and succeeded by his son Ranulf de Gernon. A daughter, Alicia, married Richard de Clare, a lord in the Anglo-Welsh marches. One of his offspring, his fifth son, participated in the Siege of Lisbon, and for this aid was granted the Lordship of Azambuja by King Afonso I of Portugal.
That his career had some claim on the popular imagination may be inferred from lines in William Langland's "Piers Plowman" (c. 1362–c. 1386) in which Sloth, the lazy priest, confesses: "I kan" "not parfitly" [perfectly "my Paternoster as the preest it singeth,/ But I kan rymes of Robyn Hood and Randolf Erl of Chestre."

</doc>
