<doc id="19910800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19910800" title="Vegar Eggen Hedenstad">
Vegar Eggen Hedenstad

Vegar Eggen Hedenstad (born 26 June 1991) is a Norwegian professional footballer who plays for German club SC Freiburg, as a defender. Hedenstad has previously played for Stabæk, and has been capped at international level for Norway
Club career.
Hedenstad was born in Elverum and played for Elverum Fotball where he made his senior debut in the Third Division in 2006, at the age of 14 and became the youngest ever senior player at the team. At the age of 16, Hedenstad played on a team consisting of local talents in a show-match against HamKam, and HamKam's head coach Arne Erlandsen approached Hedenstad immediately after the match and stated that he wanted to sign him. However, Hedenstad signed for Stabæk and joined the club ahead of the 2008 season. 
Hedenstad made his debut in Tippeligaen on 7 June 2008 against Strømsgodset and made a total of three appearances during the 2008 season when Stabæk won Tippeligaen, enough to earn him a championship-medal. The next season, Hedenstad was playing regularly on the team that finished third in Tippeligaen and won bronze-medals.
On 17 July 2012, Hedenstad signed a four-year deal with Bundesliga outfit SC Freiburg, and became the second footballer from Elverum in the Bundesliga, after Terje Olsen who played for Bayer Leverkusen in the 1980s. He was injured after five minutes in his first match for Freiburg, during the team's pre-season tour to Austria. Hedenstad made his debut in the Bundesliga when Freiburg lost 2–0 to Bayer Leverkusen on 1 September 2012.
International career.
Hedenstad has represented Norway at every level from under-15 to under-23, and was playing regularly as a right back for the under-21 team in the 2013 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship qualification, when the team qualified for the championship.
Hedenstad made his debut for the national team when he replaced Lars Christopher Vilsvik at half time in a 1–1 friendly draw against Denmark on 15 January 2012. He was again called up for the friendly match against Hungary in October 2012. In the absence of John Arne Riise Hedenstad played the whole match on the left back to great acclaim, with the pundits stating that Hedenstad would soon replace Riise as Norway's regular starting left-back.
Personal life.
In January 2009, after his girlfriend Charlotte received news that she was dying of cancer and only had a few months left to live, Hedenstad took a break from professional football. Only 17 at the time, he later described those last few months with her as "fantastic", because they were able to spend them together. In May 2012, Hedenstad experienced another tragic death, when his team-mate at Stabæk, Tor Marius Gromstad, died at the age of 22 from an accidental fall at a construction site.

</doc>
<doc id="19910801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19910801" title="Rimed snow">
Rimed snow

Rimed snow refers to snowflakes that are partially or completely coated in tiny frozen water droplets called 'rime'. Rime forms on a snowflake when it passes through a super-cooled cloud. Snowflakes that are heavily rimed typically produce very heavy and wet snow, with snow to liquid ratios in the 5-1 (i.e. five inches of snow per inch of rain) to 9-1 range.
Rimed snow has been found to provide greater initial stability for a snow layer. However, it also allows thicker, and therefore less stable, snow layers to build up. It could be argued that these cancel each other out.
There has been research into the effect of rimed snow on avalanches.

</doc>
<doc id="19910805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19910805" title="Thein Myint">
Thein Myint

Thein Myint () born January 14, 1937 in Yangon) is a retired amateur boxer from Burma, who won the gold medal at the 1958 Asian Games in the men's bantamweight (– 54 kg) division. He represented his native country at three consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="19910809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19910809" title="Strmol Mansion">
Strmol Mansion

Strmol Mansion () is a 15th-century manorhouse located on a low hill above the old town center of Rogatec, Slovenia. It is notable as one of the few castles in Slovenia to have retained a Slovene name throughout its history.
The mansion was first mentioned in 1436 as a simple fortified tower in the possession of the counts of Celje, who gave it in fief to Jakob Strmol of Cerklje. The tower became the core of the later manorhouse, and is partially preserved within the later additions, beginning with a second tower and defenses added in the 16th century. At the end of the 16th century, the castle was purchased by the Auersperg family, from whom it later passed to the Frankopans.
In 1620 it was bought by Jurij Reising von Hartenstein; a chapel dedicated to St. Vincent Ferrer was first mentioned in 1682. The manor had largely lost its defensive role by the late 17th century, when its fortifications were demolished.
In 1730 it was inherited by Marija Izabela Petazzi (), who leased it to the von der Durr und Egkh family for several decades. In 1804 it was purchased by Baron Wintershofen, from whom it passed to the Windischgrätz family.
The small 16th-century two-story annex with inner courtyard served as an Austro-Hungarian district court during the 19th and the early 20th centuries; prison facilities are preserved in the basement. After World War II, the castle was converted into apartments.
In 2003, the mansion was thoroughly renovated and declared a cultural monument. It currently serves in both hospitality and museum capacities:
The Rogatec Open-Air Museum is located nearby.

</doc>
<doc id="19910831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19910831" title="Victor II, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg-Schaumburg-Hoym">
Victor II, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg-Schaumburg-Hoym

Victor II Karl Frederick of Anhalt-Bernburg-Schaumburg-Hoym (Schaumburg, 2 November 1767 – Schaumburg, 22 April 1812), was a German prince of the House of Ascania from the Anhalt-Bernburg branch and a ruler of the principality of Anhalt-Bernburg-Schaumburg-Hoym.
He was the eldest son of Karl Louis, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg-Schaumburg-Hoym, by his second wife Amalie Eleonore, daughter of Frederick William, Prince of Solms-Braunfels.
Life.
Victor Karl Frederick succeeded his father in Anhalt-Bernburg-Schaumburg-Hoym upon his death in 1806.
During most of his reign he was in conflict with his half-uncle Frederick over the government of the principality. Frederick claimed that primogeniture was never formally installed in Anhalt-Bernburg-Schaumburg-Hoym and in consequence, he had rights to rule jointly with Victor Karl Frederick. However, on his death after only six years of reign and without male issue, Victor Karl Frederick was finally succeeded by his uncle.
Marriage and issue.
In Weilburg on 29 October 1793 Victor Karl Frederick married Princess Amelia of Nassau-Weilburg, then of Nassau (b. Kirchheimbolanden, 7 August 1776 - d. Schaumburg, 19 February 1841), daughter of Charles Christian, Prince of Nassau-Weilburg, and through her mother, Princess Carolina, a great-granddaughter of King George II of Great Britain. They had four daughters:

</doc>
<doc id="19910834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19910834" title="Thomas Rogne">
Thomas Rogne

Thomas Rogne (born 29 June 1990) is a Norwegian footballer who plays as a centre back for Wigan Athletic. Rogne has also been capped for the Norway national team.
Club career.
Stabæk.
Rogne started his career with Norwegian club Stabæk. He missed the entire 2008 season after tearing the anterior cruiciate ligament in his knee in a pre-season friendly against Russian side Krylia Sovetov in La Manga. He played for Stabæk in UEFA Champions League qualifying matches against FC Copenhagen and Valencia, and also represented the club in the Europa League.
Celtic.
Rogne signed for Celtic on 20 January 2010, and joined on a three and a half-year contract. Ex-Celtic player Vidar Riseth described him as "the best young talent to come out for Norway in the past ten years". Rogne was given the number 25 shirt.
On 10 February 2010, Rogne made his Celtic debut coming on as a substitute for Glenn Loovens in a 2–0 home win against Hearts in the SPL. He made his first start for Celtic at home against Dundee United in a 1–0 victory on 20 February 2010, he played very well and impressed the coach Tony Mowbray. Rogne impressed against Rangers on 28 February 2010 but was taken off due to a hamstring injury. He returned two months later in an away game against Dundee United but once again had to leave the field early through injury.
Rogne made his first competitive start of the 2010–11 season for Celtic against St Johnstone in a 3–0 win. In the following game he was sent off for a professional foul against Aberdeen. Despite this, Celtic went on to win the game by a record-breaking 9–0 score. He scored his first goal for Celtic in a 1–1 draw against Kilmarnock in December 2010. Rogne won many plaudits for his performance as Celtic beat Rangers 2–0 at Ibrox in the 2011 New Year derby. He scored his second goal for Celtic against Aberdeen in the League Cup semi-final on 29 January 2011.
On 25 March 2012, he scored in Celtic's 3–2 defeat to Rangers at Ibrox.
Wigan Athletic.
On 27 June 2013, it was confirmed that Rogne would leave Celtic after his contract expired to join FA Cup holders Wigan Athletic on a free transfer, signing a three-year contract.
On 31 August 2013, Rogne made his Wigan debut at home against Nottingham Forest in a 2-1 win for the side.
International career.
Rogne has represented Norway at youth level, and played for the under-19 team in the 2009 UEFA Under-19 Championship qualification. Rogne was later captain of the under-21 team, and were playing alongside the captain Stefan Strandberg in the central defence when Norway U21 qualified for the 2013 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship.
In March 2011, he received his first call-up to the Norway senior side for their Euro 2012 qualification match with Denmark but did not feature.
Rogne made his senior debut for Norway on 29 February 2012 in a 3–0 friendly win against Northern Ireland.
Honours.
Stabæk
Celtic

</doc>
<doc id="19910854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19910854" title="Tor Marius Gromstad">
Tor Marius Gromstad

Tor Marius Gromstad (8 July 1989 – c. 12 May 2012) was a Norwegian football defender, who last played for Stabæk.
Career.
Gromstad transferred from Arendal to Stabæk in 2007, and he attended the secondary school Norges Toppidrettsgymnas while playing for Stabæk. In total he played 43 matches for the club, and Gromstad started six of the eight first matches in the 2012-season in addition to playing both Stabæk's cup matches.
Disappearance and death.
Gromstad was last seen after leaving his brother's apartment at 07:26 AM (GMT+2) on Saturday 12 May 2012, and was reported missing later the same night. He was not carrying his wallet or cellphone at the time of the disappearance. He was discovered dead on the morning of 14 May 2012, after being missing for 36 hours. According to a press release made by his club, Gromstad died from an accidental fall at a nearby construction site.

</doc>
<doc id="19910860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19910860" title="Max du Preez">
Max du Preez

Max du Preez (born 3 March 1951) is a South African author, columnist and documentary filmmaker and was the founding editor of "Vrye Weekblad".
Vrye Weekblad.
Du Preez founded "Vrye Weekblad", an Afrikaans-language weekly newspaper, in November 1988. During his tenure as editor, the newspaper's offices were bombed and Du Preez received death threats as a result of the paper's opposition to apartheid.
He was sentenced to six months in jail for quoting Joe Slovo, then leader of the South African Communist Party and a banned person.
Dismissal from the SABC.
In 1999, Du Preez was dismissed by the SABC from his position as the executive editor of "Special Assignment", an investigative television show, after he objected when a documentary was barred from being shown. Though initially it was simply stated that his contract would not be renewed, the SABC later said he had been dismissed for gross insubordination.
The decision led to a public campaign to call for his reinstatement
and the handling by the SABC led to complaints to the Broadcasting Complaints Commission of South Africa. The incident was seen as symptomatic of a public broadcaster voluntarily transforming itself into a state propaganda apparatus.
"Womaniser" remark.
Rumours that then-President Thabo Mbeki was a philanderer
were controversially brought to light by a comment Du Preez made on a national radio show in 2001. During a discussion on the lack of examination of the private life of Mbeki, Du Preez said: "He is seen as a womaniser. It is publicly known and I think we should start talking about this, that the president has this kind of personal life. I'm not saying it's scandalous. He's a womaniser."
The remark was subsequently carried on the front page of the "The Citizen", leading to multiple complaints, apologies
and a statement by a provincial branch of the African National Congress that it accepted "declaration of war by Max du Preez and his political masters who have unleashed an unprecedented vitriol against the ANC, its leadership, the President and its supporters."

</doc>
<doc id="19910876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19910876" title="Gressingham">
Gressingham

Gressingham is a small village and civil parish in the City of Lancaster in the English county of Lancashire. It is north of the River Lune and across the river from Hornby. In the 2001 census, it had a population of 153.
St John the Evangelist's Church was originally built in the 12th century and is a Grade I listed building. It was partly rebuilt in 1734, and restored by Edward Paley in 1862.
The Gressingham Duck was named after the village of Gressingham, having been first bred here in 1980 from a cross of mallards and Pekin ducks However, the exclusive right to breed Gressingham Ducks was bought by Gressingham Foods in 1996, and the ducks they now produce are all from their farms in East Anglia.

</doc>
<doc id="19910890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19910890" title="Blue Hustler">
Blue Hustler

Blue Hustler is a subscription based premium adult entertainment television channel distributed throughout Europe and Israel via digital cable and satellite television. It owned by the Dutch-based company Sapphire Media International BV.
Blue Hustler offers softcore pornography aimed at a hetero male audience. It is the sister channel to Hustler TV who specializes in hardcore pornography.

</doc>
<doc id="19910895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19910895" title="Bjørnar Holmvik">
Bjørnar Holmvik

Bjørnar Pettersen Holmvik (born 2 June 1985) is a Norwegian football defender and winger currently playing for Kalmar.
He played for Stabæk from 2003 to 2008 and for SK Brann from 2009 to 2011.
SK Brann did not wish to renew Bjørnar Holmvik's contract and he went on to sign with newly promoted Tippeliga-club Sandnes Ulf. On 28 July he signed a contract with the Swedish club Kalmar.

</doc>
<doc id="19910913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19910913" title="Samuel W. Ferguson">
Samuel W. Ferguson

Samuel Wragg Ferguson (November 3, 1834 – February 3, 1917) was a career United States Army officer, a cavalryman, and a graduate of West Point. He is best known as being a Confederate brigadier general during the Civil War.
Early life and career.
Ferguson went to West Point and graduated in 1857. Before he graduated though, he joined General Albert Johnson's Utah War expedition to fight the Mormons. He then went to St. Louis to join his regiment. After the expedition Ferguson was assigned to Fort Walla Walla in the Washington Territory, where he stayed from 1859 to 1860. This all changed when he received the results of the 1860 presidential election. Hearing of the election of Abraham Lincoln, he immediately resigned and left for Charleston.
Civil War service.
In March 1861 Ferguson joined the provisional army of South Carolina, receiving the rank of captain. He was then appointed as an aide-de-camp to General P. G. T. Beauregard. He was one of those who received the formal surrender of Maj. Robert Anderson at Fort Sumter, raised the first Confederate flag, and posted the first guards at Fort Sumter. After the battle at Fort Sumter Ferguson was sent to deliver the first Confederate standard flown that was struck by an enemy shot to the Provisional Confederate Congress in Montgomery. 
He was still on Beauregard's staff during the Battle of Shiloh, where he was given his first command of a small brigade. During the Battle of Farmington, he was a lieutenant colonel in the 28th Mississippi Cavalry regiment. He also commanded this unit while defending Vicksburg, Mississippi, and helped stop the attacks made by William T. Sherman and Admiral David Dixon Porter. 
In 1863 Ferguson was promoted to brigadier general. Subsequently, he was suggested for promotion to major general, but Maj. Gen. Joseph Wheeler quickly objected. During Sherman's March to the Sea, Ferguson and his cavalrymen harassed the flank of the Union army. When Sherman got close to Savannah Ferguson's men left their horses and covered the Confederate retreat. He was then ordered to Danville, Virginia, but before arriving was ordered to go to Charlotte, North Carolina. From Charlotte he escorted Jefferson Davis into Georgia where his unit was disbanded.
Postbellum career.
After the war Ferguson moved to Mississippi where he opened up practice in law. He was the husband of Catherine Lee, daughter of Henry William and Eleanor Percy Lee who was a cousin of Robert E. Lee.
In 1876 he was appointed as President of the United States Board of Mississippi River Commissioners. He was also Secretary and Treasurer of the Mississippi Levee Board. In the early 1890s Ferguson moved back to his hometown of Charleston, South Carolina and worked as a civil engineer. At the outbreak of the Spanish–American War Ferguson tried to join the war effort; he was turned down. On February 3, 1917 died in Jackson, Mississippi where he is buried also at the Greenwood Cemetery along with other famous Confederate generals.
Mississippi Levee Board Scandal.
In 1894 twenty thousand to forty thousand dollars mysteriously disappeared from the Mississippi Levee Board, of which Ferguson was both secretary and treasurer. Later that year he suddenly left and moved to Charleston. After staying in Charleston, Samuel moved to Ecuador. It would be many years before he returned.

</doc>
<doc id="19910928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19910928" title="Caleb Freese">
Caleb Freese

Caleb Freese is an artist based in Portland, Oregon, United States. He is noted for using "dynamic silkscreens, combining design elements, photographs, drawing and action painting, synthesized with invigorating spurts, splatters and drips".
He created the 60 ft mural for Providence North Portland Clinic. The building was designed by Mahlum Architects and won an AIA Built Merit Award recognizing its positive establishment of relationship with the community, street and streetcar. The public arts mural tells the story of the neighborhood, its residents, and the commitments the client has made to give back to the neighborhood.

</doc>
<doc id="19910937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19910937" title="Patrick Coyne">
Patrick Coyne

Patrick S. Coyne (born 1957) is the editor and designer of "Communication Arts" magazine, the largest international trade journal of visual communications, that was co-founded by his father, Richard Coyne, in 1959.
Born in 1957 in Palo Alto, California, Coyne studied design at the California College of the Arts. Prior to joining "Communication Arts" in 1986, Coyne worked as a graphic designer for Michael Mabry and SBG Partners and then co-founded the San Francisco-based design firm Patrick Coyne/Stephanie Steyer Design Office.
During his tenure as editor and designer of "Communication Arts", Coyne has been a frequent speaker at numerous art directors and advertising clubs as well as local, national and international design conferences and has received medals and distinctive merits from AIGA, STA and Society of Illustrators. He is also a member of the AIGA and an honorary member of the Society of Typographic Arts and the University and College Designers Association.
Coyne is also the vice-president of the Richard and Jean Coyne Family Foundation. The foundation currently funds seventeen programs managed by educational institutions and non-profit trade organizations that help economically disadvantaged high-school students develop portfolios to qualify for admission to art school and/or provide college scholarships for economically disadvantaged students to study graphic design, advertising, photography and illustration.

</doc>
<doc id="19910951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19910951" title="Ola Kamara">
Ola Kamara

Ola Williams Kamara (born 15 October 1989) is a Norwegian professional footballer who plays for Austrian club Austria Wien. He plays as a winger or a striker, and has previously played for Norwegian clubs Frigg, Stabæk, Hønefoss, Strømsgodset and TSV 1860 München. Kamara, who is of Sierra Leonean descent, has represented Norway at youth and senior international level.
Club career.
Early career.
With a father who moved from Sierra Leone as a refugee, Kamara was born and grew up in Oslo. When Kamara was one year old, his parents chose to seek help in raising him, and Kamara spent every second weekend, holidays and birthdays with a foster care family. He played for Frigg during his youth, and made his debut for the first-team in the Second Division at the age of 15. Kamara moved to Stabæk at the age of 16, and soon became an integral part team of Stabæk's youth team. He scored the match-winning goal in the final against Viking when Stabæk won the Norwegian Youth Cup in 2008.
Stabæk.
Kamara made his debut for Stabæk in Tippeligaen at the age of 16, when he replaced Somen Tchoyi as a substitute in the 2–2 draw against Lillestrøm on 1 October 2006. The next season, he joined the First Division side Hønefoss on a short-term loan, as a replacement for the injured Lars Lafton and Kenneth Di Vita Jensen. Kamara played three matches for Stabæk in 2008, enough to earn him a winners-medal, when the team won Tippeligaen. Kamara's contract expired after the 2008 season, and he wanted to find a new club, even though Stabæk wanted to renew his contract, because he found it too hard to compete with Daniel Nannskog and Veigar Páll Gunnarsson for playing time. After unsuccessful trials with Reggina and Sandefjord, Kamara had gotten an offer from the 2. Divisjon side Bærum but on the last day of the transfer window ahead of the 2009 season, he signed a two-year contract with the Tippeligaen side Strømsgodset. As his wage was only per year, Kamara had to move back home to his mother.
Strømsgodset.
Kamara was mostly back-up for Marcus Pedersen in his first season with Strømsgodset. After Pedersen moved to Netherlands in August 2010, Kamara started to play regularly alongside Jo Inge Berget. Kamara scored seven goal in 25 matches in the 2010 season, and became joint top goalscorer for Strømsgodset alongside Pedersen. Kamara also scored goals in the semifinal and the final when Strømsgodset won the 2010 Norwegian Football Cup. Kamara signed a new two-year contract with Strømsgodset in December 2010, lasting till the end of the 2012 season.
Kamara continued to score goals in the beginning of the 2011 season, and when he scored against Odd Grenland on 10 April 2011 he had scored in six home-matches in a row. He became Strømsgodset's top goalscorer in the 2011 season, with 10 goals. Strømsgodset signed Péter Kovács and Adama Diomande ahead of the 2012 season, and Kamara was expected to play less than he had done the last two seasons, but was however playing regularly on the left wing during the season and was a great contributor to the team. After only scoring one goal in the first half of the season, Kamara scored three goals on Lerkendal Stadion in the 3–3 draw against Rosenborg on 24 June 2012. Kamara scored another hat-trick one week later, when Hønefoss was beaten 5–0. In the 5–0 victory against Fredrikstad on 27 July 2012, Kamara scored one and assisted three other goals. Kamara also scored the match-winning goal against Rosenborg on 5 November 2012, which eliminated Rosenborg title-chances. At the end of the season, Strømsgodset finished second behind Molde, and won their first league-medals since 1997.
Kamara's contract with Strømsgodset expired after the 2012 season.
1860 München.
On 20 January 2013, Kamara signed for SV Ried, but was immediately loaned out to TSV 1860 München on a six-month contract until the end of the season 2012–13 season with an option to extend the deal to two years. After the season, he went on loan to Strømsgodset.
International career.
Kamara was selected for regional teams () in Oslo at the age of 15, and later represented Norway at under-16 and under-17 level. He has also represented the Norway under-23 national football team. Kamara made his debut for the Norwegian national team when he replaced Daniel Braaten in the 61sth minute of the World Cup qualifier against Slovenia on 11 October 2013. In the match against Iceland four days later, Kamara made his starting-debut on his 24th birthday and played a total of 55 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="19911009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911009" title="Greatest Remixes">
Greatest Remixes

Greatest Remixes is a greatest hits compilation album with a dance remix to the original songs by Good Charlotte. The compilation was released on November 25, 2008. Junior Sanchez, Benji and Joel Madden's older brother Josh Madden, and Good Charlotte are the executive producers for the album. The track listing includes songs from all four Good Charlotte studio albums and three unreleased songs, "Anxiety", "Fight Song", and "War". On October 26, 2008, Good Charlotte posted a medley of samples from the tracks on the album on their MySpace page. It is the first Good Charlotte album to have a Parental Advisory sticker. However, there is a clean version available.
Track listing.
Deluxe version.
The deluxe version of the album is sold on iTunes only. It includes 5 extra songs that are not included on the regular version.

</doc>
<doc id="19911016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911016" title="Running, Jumping, Standing Still">
Running, Jumping, Standing Still

Running, Jumping, Standing Still is an album by blues artists "Spider" John Koerner and Willie Murphy, released in 1969. The album is often credited in Koerner's solo discography.
History.
Koerner and Murphy performed folk and blues as a duet for five years. Although offered the opportunity by Elektra to record a second album, Koerner declined in order to pursue a film career. Murphy declined an offer to become a producer for Elektra. In a 2010 interview, Murphy recalled "After we made the record, we had to have a van and a bunch of stuff, and a bass player and drummer. That’s what disenchanted Koerner. Elektra wanted us to do a second album, but he didn’t want to do it. I was OK with that, because I had it in my mind to come back Minneapolis and put together a big band.”
Koerner and Murphy released a single, "Magazine Lady" b/w "Friends and Lovers" the same year.
"I Ain't Blue" was covered by Bonnie Raitt on her debut album.
Originally released on the Elektra label, "Running, Jumping, Standing Still" was reissued by Red House in 1994.
Reception.
In his Allmusic review, music critic Steve Cooper praised the album and wrote, "An oddly effective, one-off marriage of folk-blues and ragtime piano that kicks. 'Magazine Lady,' a wildly in-the-groove tale of photo lust, is not to be missed."
"Crawdaddy!" gave the album a very positive review: ""Running Jumping Standing Still" is one of the most unique and underrated albums of the folk boom, perhaps the only psychedelic ragtime blues album ever made. It brims over with boisterous energy and stellar playing, driven by John Koerner’s distinctive guitar work and Willie Murphy’s dynamic piano."
Track listing.
All songs by John Koerner and Willie Murphy.

</doc>
<doc id="19911038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911038" title="Pound High School">
Pound High School

Pound High School was a public high school located in Pound, Virginia. In 2011, Pound High School was closed and consolidated with J. J. Kelly High School to form Central High School in Wise, Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19911061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911061" title="Walnut Street (Pittsburgh)">
Walnut Street (Pittsburgh)

Walnut Street is located in the Shadyside neighborhood of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. It runs southwest-northeast, bounded on the west by South Aiken Avenue and on the east by Denniston Avenue. Walnut Street is most well known for its upscale shopping, concentrated between South Aiken Street and South Negley Avenue. Some stores include Apple, American Apparel, Banana Republic, Chico's, Coach, Gap, J.Crew, Moda, Pottery Barn, Talbots, United Colors of Benetton, Victoria's Secret, White House Black Market and Williams-Sonoma. It is also known for its fine dining and charming private boutiques.

</doc>
<doc id="19911069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911069" title="What Do You Know About Love?">
What Do You Know About Love?

What Do You Know About Love? is an album by singer and actress Della Reese. The album was her fifth for Jubilee Records, and it was directed and conducted by Reg Owen.
The album was released on Compact Disc, alongside her 1958 album "Amen!", for the first time in 2008, by Collector's Choice.

</doc>
<doc id="19911071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911071" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 68">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 68

The 68th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is made of parts of Bradford County and all of Tioga County. The district includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="19911077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911077" title="Stalheimsfossen">
Stalheimsfossen

Stalheimsfossen is a waterfall located in Stalheim in the municipality of Voss, Norway. Its total height is 126 m.

</doc>
<doc id="19911106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911106" title="Celebratory lighting">
Celebratory lighting

Celebratory lighting (also termed festive lighting) is the use of lighting for decorative, celebratory or recreational purposes in connection with a specific festival, observance or event in a given culture.
Whilst one of the most commonly known form of Celebratory lighting is the European (and later North American) tradition of Christmas lights, many cultures have used Celebratory lighting in specific cultural circumstances.
Closely related to celebratory lighting, are:
Celebratory lighting around the world.
United States.
In the United States, celebratory lighting occurs at many times of the year. Lights have been produced for many holidays. These may range from simple lighting sets in appropriate colors up to more elaborate illuminated sculptures, and full blown tablauex
Halloween is a popular holiday for celebratory lighting, with miniature light strings having black-insulated wires and semi-opaque orange bulbs. Later sets had some transparent purple bulbs (a representation of black, similar to blacklight), a few even have transparent green, or a translucent or semi-opaque lime green (possibly representing slime as in "Ghostbusters", or creatures like goblins or space aliens). Two types of icicle lights are sold at Halloween: all-orange, and a combination of purple and green known as "slime lights."
Easter lights are often produced in pastels. These typically have white wire and connectors.
Red, white, and blue lights are produced for Independence Day, as well as U.S. flag and other patriotic-themed ornaments. Net lights have been produced with the lights in a U.S. flag pattern. In 2006 some stores carried stakes with LEDs that light fiber-optics, looking similar to fireworks.
These above light strings are occasionally used on Christmas trees anyway, usually to add extra variety to the colors of the lights on the tree.
Various types of patio lighting with no holiday theme are also made for summertime. These are often clear white lights, but most are ornament sets, such as lanterns made of metal or bamboo, or plastic ornaments in the shape of barbecue condiments, flamingos and palm trees, or even various beers. Some are made of decorative wire or mesh, in abstract shapes such as dragonflies, often with glass "gems" or marbles. Light sculptures are also made in everything from wire-mesh frogs to artificial palm trees outlined in rope lights.

</doc>
<doc id="19911121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911121" title="Ammann &amp; Whitney">
Ammann &amp; Whitney

Ammann & Whitney is a full-service architecture and engineering firm that provides design and construction services for public and private sector projects. The work of the firm includes new construction, renovations and adaptive reuse/historic preservation, interior design and sustainable design.
History.
Ammann & Whitney was founded in 1946 by Othmar Ammann, a bridge designer, and Charles S. Whitney, a designer of innovative structures. Ammann & Whitney has since grown into an international firm. While working with a wide variety of projects including (steel, concrete, masonry and timber) bridges for vehicular, pedestrian and rail traffic, Ammann & Whitney focuses on long span suspension bridges. Examples of the firm's bridge work include the Delaware Memorial Bridge, Walt Whitman Bridge, the General Belgrano Bridge in Argentina, the Throgs Neck Bridge and most notably the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge.
Ammann & Whitney currently has offices on the East Coast of the United States and its headquarters in New York City. There are branch offices in Boston, MA, Philadelphia, PA, Pittsburgh, PA, Richmond, VA, Miami, FL, and Washington, D.C..
Bridge and Highway Projects.
New York City
Elsewhere

</doc>
<doc id="19911123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911123" title="Yagana Changezi">
Yagana Changezi

Mirza Yaas Yagana Changezi (1884-1956)() was an Indian Urdu-language poet.
Life.
Changezi was born as Mirza Wajid Hussain (chronological name Mirza Fazl ali Baig).He was born in Azeemabad, now Patna (Bihar), India, in 1884. He was a bright student who won scholarships, but he could not proceed beyond the entrance examination that he passed at Calcutta University. At an early period of his life he shifted to Matyaburj, in Calcutta, where he became the tutor of Nawab Wajid Ali Shah’s grandson Mirza Muqeem and his children. The climate of Matyaburj did not suit him and he returned to Azeemabad and later shifted to Lucknow.
Initially he used the pen name 'Yaas', whiuch means despair, and addressed himself as Yaas Azeemabadi, but changed it later on to 'Yagana' (meaning unique), and became Yagana Lackhnawi (and finally Yagana Changezi). He considered himself from the Changezi mughal lineage.He was in the sixth generation of ancestors who migrated from Iran during Mughal era. According to the foreword in his first poetry collection,"Nashtar-e-Yaas", two brothers Hasan Ali Baig Chughtai and Murad Ali Baig Chughtai came from Iran, and became part of Mughal court, one of whom got the jagir of Azeemabad and settled there. He was in the lineage of Mirza Hasan Baig Chughtai. 
Seeing Ghalib's veneration, he attacked Ghalib's iconic status and that earned him hostility of his contemporaries in Lucknow and elsewhere. He was ostracized and harassed for his views and writings. Finally he was declared apostate and went through extreme kind of humiliation at the hands of people in Lucknow; the very people he had so fondly adopted that he changed his mame from Yaas Azeemabadi to Yagana Luckhnawi. He himself writes:
"Watan ko chhod kar jis sar zameen se dil lagaya tha"
"Wohi abkhoon ki pyaasi hui hai Karbala ho kar" 
("Having left the motherland, gave heart to the place which has now become thirsty of my blood like Karbala").
He died on 2 February 1956 after battling a long illness and loneliness in the later years of his life.
Work and contribution.
Yagana’s first collection of poetry was "Nashtar-i-Yaas", which appeared in 1914 when he was 30 years of age. His second collection was "Aayat-i-Wijdani", which was published in 1927. In 1933 came "Tarana", and in the years 1934 and 1945, the second and third edition of "Aayat-i-Wijdani" appeared. Each edition of "Aayat-i-Wijdani" was enlarged. In 2003 Kulliyat-i-Yagana was compiled by Pakistani scholar and writer Mushfiq Khwaja and has the opinion that Yagana or his publishers appeared to be naive regarding the art of presentation. Thus, Yagana has four collections of poems to his credit: "Nishtar-i- Yaas" (1914), "Tarana" (1933), "Aayat-i-Wijdani" (1927) and "Ganjina" (1948), besides his works in prose, which include "Ghalib-Shikan". 
In 1946, Sajjad Zaheer persuaded Yagana to prepare his Kulliyat so that it could be published by the publication house of the Communist Party of India: Qaumi Darul Ishaat, Bombay. Yagana agreed and the Kulliiyat saw the light of the day. "This collection, however, proved to be so unwholesome that we could consider it a major tragedy. Some couplets were added and some corrected (rather changed to the extent that Yagana lost his cool and blew up)".
According to novelist, short story writer and columnist Intezar Husain, "Mushfiq Khwaja has done a great job. He has managed to pull out a poetic genius from the oblivion where he had been pushed by his hostile contemporaries. They saw to it that he was personally humiliated as a poet. His uncompromising attitude in respect of his literary opinions and his unorthodox thinking in matters of religion made their task easy. While still alive, he was consigned to the grave along with his poetry. His poetic work remained unpublished. Most of us had heard of him only as a crackpot with no respect for the greats of Urdu poetry."
His following couplets which are referred to as anti-religion are in no way a statement against religion and Persian and Urdu poetry is full of similar kind of verses.
"Khudi ka nasha charhha, aap main raha na gaya"
"Khuda banay thay Yagana, magar bana na gaya"
"Sab terey siwa kafir, Aakhir iss ka matlab kya"
"Sar phira dey insaan ka, Aisa khabt-e-mazhab kya"
The compilation of Kulliyat-e-Yagana by Mushfiq Khwaja is considered to be an event of significant literary importance and resurrection of the great poet to his deserving status in Urdu literature.
Further reading.
Yaas Yagana Changezi

</doc>
<doc id="19911163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911163" title="Spider Blues">
Spider Blues

Spider Blues is the debut solo album by blues artist "Spider" John Koerner, released in 1965. He was member of the loose-knit blues trio Koerner, Ray & Glover at the time of its release.
History.
As a member of the blues trio Koerner, Ray & Glover, Koerner was recording on the Elektra label. While recording the trio's albums "Lots More Blues, Rags and Hollers" and "The Return of Koerner, Ray & Glover" he recorded a number of solo tracks. These tracks were assembled into Koerner's debut solo album. He also appeared at the Newport Folk Festival that same year, accompanied by trio member Tony Glover.
His style would change with his subsequent releases from the blues to more traditional folk music. In a 2000 interview, Koerner said, "I finally decided I was not a blues guy. How could I be? I was too young and too white, all that shit. So I took a year off and when I started playing again, I treated the subject in general as folk music. It's a new culture; it's not music being made on a back porch anymore."
"Spider Blues" was reissued on CD in 2010 by Wounded Bird Records.
Reception.
In his 1965 "Jazz Monthly" review, music critic Albert McCarthy excoriated the album and wrote, "This is, without any doubt, one of the worst records I have had to review for many a long day. In a sleeve note notable for the inane quotes from Koerner himself, Paul Nelson of "The Little Sandy Review", which I understand is one of the better folk publications, makes the remarkable claim that 'Koerner's art is like Chaplin's, as great and lasting as it is entertaining'. I nominate this as the most absurd remark of the year in the sleeve note field. In fact, Koerner is a passably competent guitarist, a poor harmonica player and a quite dreadful singer. "
On the other hand, in the mid-late 1960s radio station WBCN in Boston used to regularly play "Rent Party Rag" on the first of every month.

</doc>
<doc id="19911166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911166" title="Holiday lighting technology">
Holiday lighting technology

Holiday lighting technology has been subject to considerable development and variation since the replacement of candles by electric lights. While originally used during the Christmas holidays as Christmas lights, modern electric light arrays have become popular around the world in many cultures and are used both during religious festivals and for other purposes unconnected to any festivities.
Incandescent holiday lights.
Incandescent light bulbs have been commonly used in holiday lights until recently. These lights produce a broad-spectrum white light, and are colored by coating the glass envelope with a translucent paint which acts as a color filter. Some early Japanese-made lamps, however, used colored glass. While incandescent light sets are less expensive to purchase than similar LED sets, the operating cost is significantly more. The paint on the incandescent bulbs suffer from fading or flaking when exposed to weather. Older bulbs were also coated on the insides of the bulbs to prevent this effect, but were more costly to manufacture.
LEDs.
Light-emitting diode (LED) holiday lights are quickly gaining popularity in many places due to their low energy usage (about one tenth the energy used by incandescent bulbs), very long lifetimes, and associated low maintenance. Colored LEDs are also far more efficient at producing light than their colored incandescent counterparts.
There are two types of LEDs: colored LEDs and white LEDs. Colored LEDs emit a specific color light (monochromatic light), regardless of the color of the transparent plastic lens that encases the LED's chip. The plastic may be colored for cosmetic reasons, but does not substantially affect the color of the light emitted. Holiday lights of this type do not suffer from color fading because the light is determined by the LED's chip rather than the plastic lens. In addition, the plastic lens is much more durable than the glass envelope of incandescent bulbs.
White LEDs are similar to colored LEDs in most respects such as power and durability, but utilize a two-stage process to create the white (polychromatic, or broad spectrum) light. In the first stage, the LED actually only produces one color of light, similar to any other LED. In the second stage, some of the blue or violet-blue is absorbed by a phosphor, which fluoresces yellow, imitating the broad spectrum of colors which our eyes perceive as "white". This is essentially the same process used in fluorescent lamps, except for the use of an LED to create blue light rather than excited gas plasma to create ultraviolet.
White LEDs can be used as white holiday lights or to create any other color through the use of colored refractors and lenses similar to those used with incandescent bulbs. Color fading may occur due to the exposure of colored plastics to sunlight or heat, as with ordinary holiday lights. Yellowing may also occur in the epoxy body in which the LED is encased if left in the sun consistently.
LEDs use much less electricity (only 4 watts for a 70-light string) and have a much greater lifespan than incandescent lamps. Since they are constructed from solid state materials and have no metallic filaments to burn out or break, LEDs are also much less susceptible to breakage from impact or rough handling.
Although LEDs are long-life devices, older or lower-quality strands of LED-based holiday lights can suffer from early failure. This is particularly so with blue ones, which are the newest and most expensive, and therefore prone to cost-cutting; in addition, spares are rarely included with sets. Most LED-based holiday lights use copper wire which connects to the plated, copper-alloy leads of the LEDs. Having dissimilar metals in contact can result in galvanic corrosion inside of the lamps' sockets, causing them to stop working. Some older sets of LED holiday lights have each LED permanently mounted in a non-removable weathertight base to keep out rain and other moisture, helping to prevent such corrosion; however, this prevents the user from replacing defective lamps.
Most common consumer LED lamps produce intense, deep, pure colours, versus incandescent bulbs, which generally have subtler, yellow-tinted colours, often somewhat faded, especially if used outside. Blue tends to be the dimmest incandescent color, but the brightest in LED, while yellow is just the opposite. Very early strings of LED lights were noticeably dimmer than incandescent bulbs, but now are often noticeably brighter. These factors combine to give LED lamps a distinct aesthetic from older incandescent strings, although white LEDs behind colored lenses do offer the ability to provide a more incandescent-type appearance with most of the benefits of energy efficiency. In contrast, colored-chip type LEDs produce intense colours. The negative esthetics are largely due to the maturity of colored LED versus newer white LED technology. As the technology improves, so will the ability to change the aesthetics of the lamps at lower cost than at present. In 2007, "warm white" LED sets (having a color similar to that of a compact fluorescent light) became commonly available for the first time in U.S. stores. This color however would need to have more of an orange tint to match the color of very small incandescent bulbs because they burn at a lower temperature. Still, this provides a much closer match to incandescent light color than was available when only very cool (bluish) white was available. One can choose cool-white LEDs for their crisp or snow-white quality or warm white LEDs for their more familiar incandescent-like color.
Additionally, low-end sets do not contain power supplies (or have only a transformer instead of a SELV), and so the bulbs flicker in sync with the alternating current, being completely off when the voltage is negative. This produces a noticeable stroboscopic effect when an individual happens to move the lights across his or her field of view quickly, as when moving the eyes or turning the head rapidly. Higher-quality strings include a bridge rectifier to supply full-wave direct current to the lamps, making the lights brighter and greatly reducing the flickering (though there is still a small amount because diodes need a minimum voltage to begin conducting). Cheaper sets with two circuits connect each in the opposite polarity, which minimizes flicker in the combined light reflected from walls and also keeps power consumption symmetrical so as not to affect the electrical system.
Many mini sets use standard 3 mm dome-shaped LEDs, and have a plastic cover over them to provide refraction, which is an important step in diffusing the unidirectional light they cast. These covers come in C5, C6, and C7 sizes (⅝, ¾, and ⅞-inch, or 16, 19, and 22 mm diameters, respectively) pointed "strawberries," G12 (12mm or almost ½-inch) globe "raspberries," and "M5" (5mm or -inch) pointed cylinders, equivalent to the T1¾ mini lights so common since the 1980s. For blue and green, these covers may have some fluorescence, leading to a lighter color. Other sets have 5 mm domes with no covers because these project light in one direction. Instead they have a cone-shaped indentation on the top to refract light out to the sides. Still other sets have covers like snowflakes (or for Halloween, pumpkins). There are also multi-LED screw-in bulbs which replace real C7½ and C9¼ bulbs and are much closer in brightness than the mini imitations.
One drawback discovered to this technology for outdoor lighting, at least in North America, has been that squirrels have been found damaging them. The species must wear down their continually growing incisors by gnawing on hard objects. They apparently find the diode's durable plastic construction useful for this need, while its low power consumption means a minimal chance of electrical shocks to discourage them. Animal experts have suggested leaving edible hard nuts on the ground around lighting fixtures to distract the rodents with food that can also serve the same dental needs.
Fiber optic lights.
Fiber optic technology is also used in holiday lighting, especially by incorporating it into artificial Christmas trees. Incandescent lamps or LEDs are located in the tree base and many optic fibers extend from the lamps to the ends of the tree branches. These devices frequently use a step-down transformer, because they have only one or two lamps or LEDs.
Bubble lights.
Bubble lights are a type of incandescent novelty light that acquired some popularity during the 1950s. Their main feature is a sealed glass tube with a colored bubbling liquid inside, created by the heat from the incandescent light. The fluid within the vial was originally a lightweight oil, but now is methylene chloride for a more consistent bubble effect. While the idea was first demonstrated by Benjamin Franklin, the idea was adapted for use in Christmas lights. They were invented by Carl Otis in 1935, who sold the patents to the NOMA Electric Corporation. There is a long story involving patent fights. Bubble lights can still be purchased online and in stores to this day.
Light sculptures.
Lights are sometimes mounted on frames—typically metal for large lights and plastic for miniature ones. These were first used for public displays on lampposts, street lights, and telephone poles in cities and towns. For public displays large C7 bulbs are generally used, but by the 1990s light sculptures were being made in smaller form with miniature lights for home use. Consumer types now tend to come with a plastic sheet backing printed in the proper design, and in the 2000s now with nearly photographic quality graphics and usually on a holographic "laser" backing. Public displays often have outdoor-rated garland on the frame as well, making them very decorative even in the daytime. Places where notable displays of light sculptures may be seen include Gatlinburg and Pigeon Forge, Tennessee.
On a smaller scale, one of the most popular light sculptures is the sparkleball. Sparkleballs are handmade globes made from threading holiday lights into a sphere built of plastic cups. The cups are joined by soldering, cable ties, or with a hand stapler. Usually spotted individually on front porches at Christmas, the residents of North Yale Avenue in Fullerton, California have made a holiday tradition of hanging 450 sparkleballs from the trees lining their street.
Ornamentation.
Early bulbs were sometimes made in shapes and painted, the same way that glass ornaments are. These are typically pressed glass, much as common dishware was at the time. These are reproduced in very limited quantity nowadays, typically found only at specialty retailers and online. Metal reflectors were also used until the 1970s, having a center hub of paperboard, which then had tabs that pressed between the bulb and the socket.
Miniature lights sets can come with attached ornaments, typically plastic but sometimes glass. These began mid-century with petal "reflectors" which actually refracted the light and focused it in beams, and perhaps even earlier with crystal-like ones. On both types, the bulb stuck out of the center, and the "reflector" could be removed from the socket. Later designs, though much less popular, included stars. LED lights now come molded into shapes, though the light comes from the top instead of the center.
Mini lights can also have full-size ornaments normally sold on sets of ten. Certain sets have more than one bulb per ornament, such as for snowmen and candy canes which are long. There is an enormous array of other designs, ranging from holly berries and poinsettias to star-shaped santas and wire mesh snowflakes. There are also ones for other holidays.
Sizes.
Christmas lighting began with small C6 bulbs — where the C means "cone" for the candle flame shape and the 6 indicates the diameter measured in eighths of an inch, ¾ inches (19 mm). These were on a miniature candelabra screw-base, now designated E10 (Edison screw, 10 mm). Replicas of these bulbs are now produced as miniature strings, usually with the entire bulb replaced, but sometimes with a decorative cover with regular bulbs inside. These bulbs tend to be transparent white or colors, and are often ornately designed with crystal-like patterns.
Later bulbs called C7½, have diameters of seven and a half 1/8th inches ( in, or 24 mm) using an E12 candelabra base; however, these have a blunt shape (and should therefore be called B7½, or B24). Mixing metric and English units, there are also now G30 globes which are 30 mm ( in, or G9½) in diameter using these sockets. These are still used for the classic look or even retro style, and use about five watts each. Older bulbs drew 7½ watts of power, and were reduced to save power. Early bulbs, as well as some new antique reproductions, are made in various shapes and then painted like Christmas ornaments. Bubble lights and twinkle bulbs also come in this size.
Outdoor-only bulbs are designated C9¼ ( in, or 29 mm), and have a similar blunt shape as the C7½, but use an E17 "intermediate" base. Some modern versions of these strings are now listed for indoor and outdoor use. These bulbs are rated at about seven watts each, and are available in a globe shape, designated G40 (40 mm, or  in). Some of the blunt-shape bulbs now come painted with designs, or swirled in more than one color. It is now very difficult to find twinkle bulbs in this size.
Standard mini lights are T1¾, indicating that they are a tube shape  inches (5.5 mm) in diameter. Larger mini bulbs, which began appearing around 2004, are about twice this size, but are still very uncommon. Both types, along with most of the candle-shaped ones, are pinched-off at the tip rather than the base during manufacturing. Most contemporary miniature light bulbs have an internal shunt that is intended to activate when the bulb's filament burns out. The shunt closes the circuit across the bad filament, restoring continuity, which allows the rest of the string to remain lit. However, if one shunt fails to close properly, the whole string will fail to light.
Other miniature types include globe-shaped "pearl" and smaller "button" lights, which are often painted in translucent or pearlescent colors. "Rice" lights are tiny, like a grain of rice, and can even have a subminiature base, if they are not already fixed permanently to the wires (on low-voltage sets). Rice lights are typically transparent, although colored variations do exist. They are intended to create tiny points of light, and are suitable for decorating miniature models, small wreaths, and other similar situations in which even "midget" T1¾ lights may be too large.
LED lights, which are encased in solid plastic rather than a hollow glass bulb, may be molded into any shape. Because the LED casts light in only one direction, the most common way LED lights are designed, even "plain" sets having some sort of crystal pattern to create refraction.
Many bargain brands have dome-shaped LEDs which focus the light so that it sharply visible when viewed head-on, but almost invisible from a perpendicular direction. This has both advantages and disadvantages, depending on one's decorating needs.
If a small LED bulb size with wider viewing angle is desired, wide-angle LEDs are available. The body is cylindrical with is concave conical depression, instead of a dome-shaped lens at the tip, to cause wider distribution of light.
All miniature bulbs, including some LED sets, have a wedge base, though their designs are inconsistent with one another, making it somewhat difficult for the average consumer to change bulbs. To replace a bulb, the plastic base of the bulb must usually be changed by straightening the two wires and pulling the glass part out. Most replacement bulbs do not even include the bases anymore, despite getting only ten in a package and being charged nearly half the price of a new string of 100. For this reason, many Americans treat miniature holiday lights as disposable. In addition, colored lights tend to fade with even brief exposure to weather. Many LED sets are permanently wired, with bases that look like conventional pull-out bulbs.
Light sets.
Traditional C6 bulbs were typically 15 volts, and used in series strings of eight bulbs, or multiples of 8. The use of eight bulbs (120 volts for 8 lamps equals 15 volts per lamp) gives each lamp the rated voltage for proper brightness. Later sets used nine bulbs on a string to increase the life of the bulbs by reducing the voltage each lamp received (120 volts divided by 9 lamps = 13 volts per bulb) but not significantly reducing the light output of the bulbs.
Large C7½ and C9¼ bulbs typically come in sets of 25, though bubble lights come in sets of seven, and some non-holiday sets come in ten or twelve. Sockets are usually spaced about one foot (30 cm) apart, and are clamped to the wire with an integrated insulation-piercing connector. Some older parallel sets had 15 bulbs, as do some of the newer globe sets manufactured today. Both of these bulbs are designed to run on 120 volts AC and the light sets that use them are wired in parallel.
Miniature lights first came in sets of 35 (3.5 volts per bulb), and sometimes smaller sets of 20 (6 volts per bulb). For a short time, these early miniature lights were manufactured using E5 screw bases, rather than the current wedge base and were called "Italian lights". Sets of ten (12 volts per bulbs) were made for very small trees, but are quite hot, and are now usually used for tree toppers only. This number is convenient for stars, which have a total of ten points (five outward and five inward), and often have another light in the middle, occasionally on both sides.
Incandescent miniatures now usually come in sets of 50 or 100 (which contains two circuits of 50) 2.5 V 170 mA bulbs, though decorative sets with larger bulbs (C6 or pearl style) typically come in sets of 35 or 70. Several "extra-bright" sets also use 70 or 105 bulbs, keeping the per-bulb voltage at 3.5 instead of 2.5.
LED sets can vary greatly. Common is a set of 60 (2 volts per bulb), but white LED sets use two circuits of 30 (4 volts per bulb). Multicolor sets may have special wiring, because red and yellow require less voltage than the newer blue-based ones (blue, emerald green and fluorescent white), but typically come in sets with a multiple of 35.
Battery-powered sets typically come in 10 or 12, and can use standard 2.5 to 3.5-volt bulbs because they run two batteries, totaling three volts or less. LEDs are becoming increasingly common as they greatly prolong battery life, but because they also last longer they are often soldered directly to the wires, making up for some of the increased cost of the newer LEDs. "Rice lights" are often made this way as well, and likewise may also have more bulbs per set, as they draw somewhat less power per bulb than other incandescent lamps.
Control technology.
Holiday lights can be animated using special "flasher" or interrupter bulbs (usually a red tipped replacement bulb included with the set) or by electronic controller. Flasher bulbs use a bi-metallic strip which interrupts the series circuit when the lamp becomes hot. An electronic holiday light controller usually has a diode bridge followed by a resistor-based voltage divider, a filter capacitor and a fixed-program microcontroller. The micro-controller has three or four outputs which are connected to transistors or thyristor which control interleaved circuits, each with lamps of a single color.
Controllers can be set up to change flashing or animation styles by pressing a button or turning a dial on the unit; others have only one pattern, but the speed of this pattern can usually be adjusted by turning a similar dial.
Most multi-function sets feature eight to sixteen moving light functions. Some very common functions are fading and chasing. More extravagant and less common functions are stepping on and two-channel flashing. These lights usually come in sets of 140 or 150. This is because to give the chasing effect, bulbs must be arranged in four circuits of 35 (equals 140) or three circuits of 50 (equals 150). These light sets use even less power than a regular set of 150, because the lights are not always on, and therefore the bulbs do not get as hot.
Usually, computerized sets cannot be connected end-to-end. However, some newer sets contain special miniature plugs – a female jack is located at the end of the set, and a male plug is located between the control box and the beginning of the actual lights. By disconnecting the control box from one set, it can now be plugged into the end of an identical chasing set to produce a longer strand of chasing lights. These plugs generally have a twist-on locking feature similar to that found on garden hoses.
Computer-controlled holiday displays are becoming more and more common today. For instance, a display in Texas uses a PIC microcontroller-based dimmer scheme, and also refers to dimming controllers that people have built based on this scheme. The designs all use mid-range PIC microcontrollers, are generally modular in units of eight channels (dimmable circuits), and use medium-speed, daisy-chainable, one-direction serial communications for input. Most controllers do not have stand-alone show sequencing capabilities, and rely on a separate computer (usually a PC) to send it real-time sequences of dimmer commands. This setup is strictly a do-it-yourself project, and there aren't any commercial (hardware or software) products available. There are, however, a number of PCB designs that people have created.
Fiber-optic holiday lighting can also be animated electronically, particularly when the set incorporates LEDs. When an incandescent lamp is used, animation can created by means of a rotating color wheel.
There's a new control technology being developed in Ottawa, Canada that enables multiple homes to link up over the Internet in-real time. A central Web site initiates the timing using Network Time Protocol to keep the local computers synchronized, and each location has a small Java program that controls a device which interfaces with the USB port to which one's holiday lights are connected. In this way, anyone online can "plug in" to this network and at their discretion, working independently or synchronized, engage their holiday light display on a global level.
Power considerations.
Incandescent (midget) or LED-based sets usually have each lamp connected in series to be powered without a transformer in the set. Screw-base C7 and C9 light sets use line voltage (120 volt) bulbs and are wired in parallel. LED-based sets use a current-limiting resistor to reduce the current supplied to each LED. Neon-lamp-based sets have lamps connected in parallel, each with its own current-limiting resistor. Battery-powered sets are also wired in parallel.
Some incandescent or LED-based strings use a power supply transformer with lamps connected in parallel. These sets are much safer, but there is a voltage drop at the end of the string causing reduced brightness of the lamps at the end of the set. The reduced brightness is, however, less noticeable with LED-based sets than incandescent sets. Power supplies with integrated plugs may make the set difficult to connect in certain places.
A line-operated AC string with a male plug on one end and a female socket on the other end can be conveniently connected end-to-end with other similar strings. The gauge of wire used, current rating of the fuse (if present) and the power consumption of each string will determine how many strings can be safely daisy-chained this way, or whether the end string will have diminished voltage and brightness.
Troubleshooting.
Individual bulbs fail as either open or closed circuits. In a series string, when a bulb fails open, the whole string goes out, unless there is a special feature included to bridge the open bulb known as a shunt. These shunts are located inside the bulb but they are not very reliable so they often fail themselves. Typical incandescent strings in the 1950s to 1960s were wired in series and frequently burned out.. 
Modern incandescent strings normally consist of two sets of series circuits, most commonly in 100 bulb sets with 50 bulbs per series circuit, so that each bulb will drop 2.5 volts, so that the 120 VAC is evenly distributed across all 50 bulbs. There are also sets with 35/70 3.5V bulbs. Such a set will contain 3 wires - one for the first set of bulbs, one to carry the 120 VAC to the second sent of bulbs, and a return wire. For this reason, when using a non contact voltage detector (also known as a "hum" tester because it senses the 60 Hertz AC signal), you need to separate the wires to sense only the bulb wire. Reversing the plug will switch the hot and return wires so that you can then work from the other end of the string.
For a series string, fixing failures may be tedious: Each bulb is replaced with a known-good bulb, hunting for the broken one by trial and error. If more than one bulb has failed, then each bulb in the broken string needs to be tested in a known-good string or with an electrical continuity tester. Sometimes, a bulb will not actually break, but will come loose in its socket. Its connection can also become corroded. Those two problems can be fixed by resetting each bulb in turn.
In a parallel string, one "shorted" bulb makes the whole string fail, requiring a similar troubleshooting process. However, the shorted string must be protected by a current limiting device, which may require resetting in between tests.
Fiber optic sets are the simplest to troubleshoot, since they contain only a few light sources, sometimes only one or two, and the place of failure can be located very quickly. Units containing color wheels may also require maintenance of mechanical parts.
Safety.
Any set should be unplugged before repairing. If a set has no transformer, it is not line isolated. The small matchbox-sized electronic controllers do not have transformers in them, and sets with such controllers are also not line isolated, as well as all parts inside the controllers.
The number of strands of continuous light sets that may be safely daisy-chained in sequence varies based on whether the lights are LEDs, ordinary miniature light bulbs, or the larger C7/C9 type light bulbs. Other factors include the voltage of the set and the size of the wiring in the set. Those with questions should consult the manufacturer's instructions or an electrician.
Most light sets come with built in fuses to help protect against overheating and to prevent household fuses or circuit breakers from being tripped. If a fuse blows, the strand must be unplugged and the number of strands must be reduced. If the strand has nothing attached, or has blown repeatedly, it may contain a short circuit and should be repaired or discarded.
Hobbyists who don't want to discard a damaged set can cut it into many individual bulbs, each of which can be powered by a safe low voltage source. These bulbs can be used in projects such as microcontroller or PC controlled animated displays. The AC power plugs are usually crimped and molded on, however, and cannot be safely re-used.
Some fiber optic sets may use halogen bulbs in their bases, in such cases, all precautions related to this type of bulbs should be observed.
Animated sets should not be watched by people having photosensitive epilepsy. Non-animated sets exist and can be used in such cases.
An episode of the Discovery Channel television show "MythBusters" covered the possible fire danger from holiday lights.
As with most electrical devices bare wires are a sign the string should be discarded, and avoid overloading individual cords.

</doc>
<doc id="19911183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911183" title="2009 in heavy metal music">
2009 in heavy metal music

This is a timeline documenting the events of heavy metal in the year 2009.
Films.
On 8 December, Bill Zebub will release "Pagan Metal: A Documentary", the first documentary about pagan and folk metal.
Albums released.
All releases are studio albums unless otherwise noted.

</doc>
<doc id="19911192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911192" title="Minuscule 81">
Minuscule 81

Minuscule 81 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), or α162 (in the Soden numbering) is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on a parchment. It is dated by a colophon to the year 1044. Formerly it was labelled by 61a and 61p (Gregory). The manuscript is lacunose. It was adapted for liturgical use.
Description.
The codex contains almost complete text of the Acts of the Apostles and the Pauline epistles on 282 parchment leaves (), with some lacunae (Acts 4:8-7:17; 17:28-23:9 - 297 verses). The text is written in one column per page, in 23 lines per page, in small letters.
It contains list of the ("list of contents") only for Epistle of James. Lectionary markings were added on the margin by a later hand (for liturgical use).
Text.
The Greek text of the codex, is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type, with some the Byzantine readings. It is one of the most important of all minuscule manuscripts. It was only one minuscule manuscript examined by Constantin von Tischendorf. Aland placed it in "at least Category II".
It has been called "the best minuscule witness to Acts" or "the most important minuscule copy of the Acts". F. H. A. Scrivener stated "its value is shown not so much by the readings in which it stands alone, as by agreement with the oldest uncial copies, where their testimonies coincide".
In Acts 16:10 it reads θεος along with P74, Sinaiticus, Alexandrinus, Vaticanus, Ephraemi, E, 044, 33, 181, 326, 630, 945, 1739, ar, e, l, vg, copbo, geo; other reading κυριος, is supported by D, P, 049, 056, 0142, 88, 104, 330, 436, 451, 614, 629, 1241, 1505, 1877, 2127, 2412, 2492, 2495, Byz, c, d, gig, syrp,h, copsa.
It does not contain text of Acts 28:29.
In Romans 8:1 it reads Ιησου κατα σαρκα περιπατουσιν, for Ιησου (as א, B, D, G, 1739, 1881, itd, g, copsa, bo, eth). The reading of the manuscript is supported by A, Db, Ψ, 629, 2127, vg. The Byzantine manuscripts read Ιησου μη κατα σαρκα περιπατουσιν αλλα κατα πνευμα.
In Romans 13:9 it has additional phrase ου ψευδομαρτυρησεις, the reading is supported by the manuscripts: א (P) 048 104 365 1506 a b vgcl (syrh) copbo.
Romans 16:24 is omitted as in Codex Sinaiticus A B C 5 263 623 1739 1838 1962 2127 itz vgww copsa,bo ethro Origenlat).
In 1 Corinthians 2:1 it reads μαρτυριον along with B D G P Ψ 33 104 181 326 330 451 614 629 630 1241 1739 1877 1881 1962 1984 2127 2492 2495 Byz Lect it vg syrh copsa arm eth. Other manuscripts read μυστηριον or σωτηριον.
In 1 Corinthians 7:5 it reads τη προσευχη ("prayer") along with formula_111, formula_146, א*, A, B, C, D, F, G, P, Ψ, 6, 33, 104, 181, 629, 630, 1739, 1877, 1881, 1962, it vg, cop, arm, eth. Other manuscripts read τη νηστεια και τη προσευχη ("fasting and prayer") or τη προσευχη και νηστεια ("prayer and fasting").
In 1 Timothy 3:16 it has textual variant ("God manifested") (Sinaiticuse, A2, C2, Dc, K, L, P, 044, 81, 104, 181, 326, 330, 436, 451, 614, 629, 630, 1241, 1739, 1877, 1881, 1962, 1984, 1985, 2492, 2495, Byz, Lect), against ὃς ἐφανερώθη ("he was manifested") supported by Sinaiticus, Codex Alexandrinus, Ephraemi, Boernerianus, 33, 365, 442, 2127, ℓ "599".
In 2 Timothy 4:10 it reads Γαλλιαν, along with Sinaiticus C 104 326 436; other manuscript read Γαλατιαν (A D F G K L P Ψ 33 88 181 330 451 614 629 630 1241 1739 1877 1881 1962 1984 1985 2127 2492 2495 Byz Lect) or Γαλιλαιαν (copbo).
In Hebrews 8:11 it reads πλησιον for πολιτην, the reading is supported by Codex Porphyrianus, 104, 436, 629, 630, and 1985.
In 1 John 5:6 it has textual variant δι' ὕδατος καὶ πνεύματος καὶ αἵματος ("through water and spirit and blood") together with the manuscripts: Codex Porphyrianus, 88, 442, 630, 915, 2492, arm, eth Bart D. Ehrman identified it as Orthodox corrupt reading.
History.
According to the colophon, it was written on April 20, 1044, by a scribe named John for the wish another monk, named Jakob.
The codex was discovered by Constantin von Tischendorf in Egypt in 1853, who took 57 leaves of the codex (Acts of the Apostles) with himself. He sold it to the Trustees of the British Museum in 1854. Now they are located in British Library (Add. 20003) at London. 225 leaves are still in Alexandria, where are held in the Patriarchat Library (59).
Formerly it was labelled by 61a and 61p (Gregory). In 1908 C. R. Gregory gave for it number 81.
Tischendorf collated and published text of it in 1854 ("Anecdota sacra"). C. R. Gregory saw it in 1883.

</doc>
<doc id="19911230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911230" title="North Cambridge Academy">
North Cambridge Academy

North Cambridge Academy is a small secondary school with academy status, located in North Cambridge, England. Founded in 1959 theschool has also been known as Manor Community College, and The Manor.
Partner schools.
Associate primary schools are: Shirley Infant and Primary School, Kings Hedges Primary School, The Grove Primary School and Orchard Park Primary School.
The Sister Schools of this establishment are Swavesey Village College and Nene Park Academy.
History.
The school was built as Manor School around 1959 based on a design by the architects W. Doig and M.R. Francis and, at that time, was a flagship school in Cambridge City. The school was named after Manor Farm which was in the area and was owned by Cambridgeshire County Council, who bought the farm in 1909 from the Benson family of Chesterton hall.The Council split the farm into smallholdings, and the name of one of the smallholders, William Downham, is commemorated in a nearby road called Downham's Lane The school was due to have funding for refurbishment, but this was removed by Cambridgeshire County Council in 2009. It has recently been selected as part of the Coalition Government's Priority School Building Programme. 
In 2007 the school appointed 30 year old Ben Slade as Principal. Slade was formerly presenter of the BBC 1 children's TV programme, "Why Don't You?". In October 2012 Slade resigned in order to take up a post in the independent schools sector. The school improved substantially during his 5-year tenure despite 2012 results being the lowest since he was appointed exacerbated by the national grade boundary change scandal.The school saw its results more than double under Slade's leadership. In 2007 results were 23% 5 higher grades including English and Maths. These rose to 49% in 2010. At 5 higher grades results rose from 32% in 2007 to 60% in 2010 "a remarkable turnaround" (Ofsted, 2010). 
The leadership of the school was praised by OfSTED in 2008: "The newly appointed Principal provides clear direction for the work of the school. Since September 2007, he has accurately evaluated its work and set about tackling the areas for support with vigour. He has not flinched from the challenges posed by this and is resolute in his pursuit of improved standards and achievement."
OfSTED also commented that "the changes made are recognised by parents, the vast majority of whom are supportive of the school's work. A considerable number commented on the improvements, including the renewed focus on improving standards. The comment, 'the effort of staff and pupils to make a dramatic improvement is working', is typical."
The school was successful in its application (to the DfE on behalf of the school's governing body) for a change of status from "Community College" to "Foundation School" and, furthermore, to acquire a Trust, namely The North Cambridge Community Trust. A trust was formed on 3 September 2010. Partners included Cambridge Regional College, Cambridgeshire County Council, Cambridgeshire Constabulary, an Associate Primary School Cluster, Cambridge Centre for Sixth-form Studies, Ridgeons Group Ltd and Kings Hedges Neighbourhood Partnership.
The Manor was designated as a specialist performing arts college by the DCSF in 2007 and they were successfully re-designated by the DfE in 2010. They were also awarded ArtsMark Gold by the Arts Council for England and the Prince's Teaching Institute Award for English by HRH Prince of Wales in 2009, 2010 and 2011.
OfSTED returned to re-inspect the school in September 2010. The significant and substantial improvements and "the excellent leadership of the headteacher" were acknowledged in the OfSTED inspection in September 2010. This time HMI concluded that The Manor is "a good school" with "outstanding capacity to make further improvements". 
The school became an academy sponsored by Cambridge Meridian Academies Trust in September 2013, and was renamed North Cambridge Academy.

</doc>
<doc id="19911244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911244" title="Geta, Nepal">
Geta, Nepal

Geta, Nepal is a village development committee in Kailali District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7900 living in 1216 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19911263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911263" title="Arena (Australian publishing co-operative)">
Arena (Australian publishing co-operative)

Arena is an independent Australian radical and critical publishing group. It has been publishing continuously since 1963. Currently, its principal publications are the political and cultural Arena Magazine (6 times per year), and the twice-yearly theoretical publication Arena Journal. Their concerns initially found expression in the practical and theoretical quarterly, "Arena", which ran from 1963 to 1992 and was then transformed into the two different publications that continue today.
Though the quarterly "Arena" commenced as a New Left magazine with a commitment to extending Marxist approaches by developing an account of intellectual practices, its subsequent debates and theoretical work, and engagements with critical theory, media theory, post-structuralism and postmodernism, have led it to develop an approach known as the 'constitutive abstraction' approach. This is connected to an associated lineage of engaged theory. All of these are underpinned by a preoccupation with the questions of social abstraction, including the abstraction of intellectual practices. They include a special emphasis on the cultural and social contradictions of globalised hi-tech society, which the "Arena" editors took to be misrepresented within prevailing media theory and post-structuralism.
Many of the themes the "Arena" group has explored over the decades relate to those raised by writers like Slavoj Žižek, Zygmunt Bauman and Richard Sennett, and, to some degree, writers associated with the Frankfurt School. However, "Arena"'s critique also suggests that many of these authors stop short of a full critique of the ungrounding of contemporary social life by current global/ technological/ media processes.
History.
The quarterly journal "Arena" was founded in Melbourne, Australia in 1963, at a time of crisis for the Old Left and the emergence of the New Left. Some members of the editorial board, who at that time still hoped for a theoretical and ethical renewal within far Left in Australia, were members of the Party. As that prospect waned "Arena" continued as an independent critical political publication.
Although the publication covered a wide variety of topics, one was of key practical and theoretical importance: the transformation of post-World War II industrial society by the mobilisation of knowledge production as a core productive activity, the nature of intellectual practice, and the consequent creation of new class and cultural divisions whose social character made necessary a thorough revision of the classical Marxist theory of class and base and superstructure accounts of the social whole.[http://www.arena.org.au/Archives/General%20Archive/arena_1/editorial_1.html]
A key to this theoretical trend was extended commentary on the transformation of the modern university, the instrumentalisation of education, and the revolt against this that formed the core of many of the social upheavals of the 1960s and beyond, as was a focus on colonialism in the Asia-Pacific region, including relations between Australia and its then colony Papua New Guinea, and between Indigenous and non-Indigenous Australians.
The 1970s: critique of social democracy and the development of a post-Marxist framework.
By the mid-1970s – as the radical Left faltered and social democracy became increasingly instrumentalised - "Arena" contributors were focusing on the degree to which social life could be seen not through a base/superstructure/ideology model, but as nested levels of material abstraction, from the least abstract – face-to-face daily life – to the most abstract, such as global commodity and image/media circulation. A focus on material abstraction had its origins in a redirection of the implications of both the critique of technology by figures like Jacques Ellul and the extension of its range by Marshall McLuhan. Marx's analysis of the commodity, particularly as reconstructed by Alfred Sohn-Rethel, consolidated that movement.
The dominant social contradiction was seen as no longer between labour and capital, but between deep-seated human cultural needs grounded in the less abstract levels of life and the drawing of ever-larger areas of life into the most abstracted, and instrumentalised levels of life. Contemporary life was held to be based on a widespread erroneous assumption that the elements of social life – identity stability, meaning, co-operative solidarity – could be 'taken-for-granted' and would survive intact through any process of technological development.
A re-radicalised emancipatory Left would thus be one in which society had a reflexive relationship to different levels of abstraction, maintaining all in a dynamic relationship – crucial to which was an overcoming of the split between intellectual and manual labour as separate class and culturally grounded activities. Although this approach took up some of the themes of the counter-culture, it was also critical of the counter-culture's excessive valorisation of less abstract levels of life and the belief that modern subjects could or should withdraw into anti-technological primitivism. In Arena’s immediate circles it found expression in a decision to establish "Arena"’s own printery and, from 1974 onwards, to typeset, print and publish their own journal and related publications.
"Arena"'s distinctive approach can thus be seen as having some superficial similarities with post-Marxist and post-classical attempts to apply a levels analysis of social life as developed (differently) by Jürgen Habermas and Louis Althusser. Its critical account of instrumentalised abstraction also has some surface parallels with Slavoj Žižek's critique of postmodernism in "The Ticklish Subject" and "The Fragile Absolute", and Zygmunt Bauman's analysis of 'liquid modernity’ in his recent works. More generally, "Arena"’s distinctive approach is grounded in an emphasis on the constitutive role of abstraction both within the interpretive and the instrumental expression of rationality.
Though it continued to publish a great deal of conventional radical-left political economic and geopolitical material, it was at this point that its orientation began to diverge from other Australian left publications such as "Overland", and the "Australian Left Review".
The 1980s: post-structuralism, biotechnology and exterminism.
This practical-theoretical approach led those associated with "Arena" into a number of key debates and causes of the 1980s. The renewal of a 'hot' Cold War by the Reagan administration and of the nuclear arms race – 'exterminism' in E. P. Thompson's phrase - was analysed as an over-determined consequence of an instrumentalised, maximally abstracted way of life. Advances in medical research such as in-vitro fertilization were given a more critical account, examining the manner in which such technologies were harbingers of a wider cultural contradiction arising from the reconstruction of nature at the molecular biological level.
The newly popular work of postmodernists and post-structuralists like Jean Baudrillard and Jacques Derrida, which argued the simulated and deferred nature of the sign and text, was critically analysed as, in fact, a description of a highly abstracted media society, falsely generalised and transhistoricised.
These and other debates increasingly put the "Arena" editors in a critical relationship to what remained of the Left, which had enthusiastically embraced the celebration of difference and hybridity as the post-structuralist revolution swept English-speaking humanities departments in the 1980s. Paradoxically, this also led to some on the Left failing to grasp "Arena"’s standpoint, representing it, too, as an expression of the post-structuralist wave.
Increasingly, "Arena"’s arguments added up to a critique that was deep-cultural and/or ontological. As the USSR collapsed and capitalism was fully globalised, and as the environmental problem became compelling, it was becoming clear that a global system had developed to such a degree that its basic contradiction was of the possibility of meaningful life itself.
"Arena Magazine" and "Arena Journal".
By the end of the 1980s it was becoming increasingly difficult to bridge the deeper theoretical debates and more current analysis within one publication. "Arena" (quarterly) was concluded at issue 99/100 in 1992 and two new publications launched – the popular political and cultural commentary publication "Arena Magazine" (6 times per year) and the twice-yearly theoretical, academically refereed publication, "Arena Journal".
Drawing on a wide variety of writers, and acting as a more pluralist space for debates within critical streams of Australian thought and politics, "Arena’s" editors took part in most of the key debates in Australian political and cultural life over the last fifteen years. These found their most directly engaged expression in the Magazine; they included an extended consideration of the relations between Indigenous and non-Indigenous Australia, and the challenges faced by traditional Indigenous communities within a modern framework; the importation and development of the 'culture wars' and the rise of right-wing populism as a response to the 'ungrounding' of social life under globalisation; the contradictions arising from the spread of post-human and post-natural technologies, from birth technologies to medication to GM foods; the rise of 'military humanitarianism' in the NATO Balkans interventions in the 1990s and its continuation and expansion in Iraq; and in the 'mandatory detention' regime imposed on refugees in the 2000s. Importantly, many of these debates problematised elements of progressive/radical discourse, for example, the nature of instrumental policies like multiculturalism, the 'no-borders' approach to refugee issues, or unreflective techno-utopianism that rose with the internet and spread of post-human technologies.
In more recent years the "Arena" editors have been particularly concerned to position the environmental movement within a general critique of the neo-liberal trajectory. "Arena Journal" especially, with its more direct focus on a range of theoretical-practical concerns, has sought to develop the more fundamental aspects of the Arena critique. Its brief is to promote ethically and theoretically concerned discussion about the prospects for cooperative life through a central focus on the reconstruction of class relations, forms of selfhood and community life in contemporary society. It publishes scholarly works by Australian and international scholars.
Contributors.
Much of the initial theoretical framework for Arena’s editorial approach was developed by founding editor Geoff Sharp, with editors Nonie Sharp and Doug White. Key contributions on theoretical frameworks for analysing education, post-structuralism, feminism, nationalism, technology and subjectivity have been made by John Hinkson, Gerry Gill, Alison Caddick, Paul James, Simon Cooper and Guy Rundle.
Since the late 1960s the publications have been produced by a group of around a dozen to twenty members, many of whom have been part of the project for several decades.
Over the years "Arena’s" publications have featured work from a wide range of Australian and international contributors, including Dennis Altman, Judith Brett, Humphrey McQueen, Don Watson, John Pilger, Julie Stephens, Boris Frankel, Susan Hawthorne, Noam Chomsky, David Holmes, Verity Burgmann, Andrew Milner, Terry Eagleton, Fredric Jameson, Tom Nairn, Larissa Behrendt, Jürgen Habermas, Zygmunt Bauman, Christos Tsiolkas, Kevin Hart, Simon During, Noel Pearson, Raimond Gaita, John Frow, Naomi Klein.
Pamphlets and papers.
Arena has also published a range of monographs, pamphlets and papers over the years on topics ranging from nuclear power and critical Australian political economy to the Iraq occupation.
Printing.
The Arena co-operative printed their own publications from 1974 to 1992, and continue to run a commercial printery with a specific focus on community and alternative publications, in Fitzroy, Melbourne.
Books.
Since 1982, has published books on a variety of topics, from social theory, to Indigenous and colonial Australian history, and Asia-Pacific studies. Arena published the widely read "Coercive Reconciliation", a collection of critical essays in response to the conservative Australia Government’s 2007 intervention in Indigenous communities in the Northern Territory. More recently it published "Being Arab: Arabism and the Politics of Identity".

</doc>
<doc id="19911265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911265" title="Knut Anders Fostervold">
Knut Anders Fostervold

Knut Anders Fostervold (born 4 October 1971) is a former Norwegian footballer who now competes as a cyclist. As a footballer he played as a midfielder and defender from 1991 until 2002, notably played for Molde FK and Grimsby Town.
He also played for Sandefjord, Stokke IL, Eik-Tønsberg
Football career.
Fostervold started his career in Rival, and then played in Vestfold for Sandefjord, Stokke IL and Eik-Tønsberg. He returned to his hometown in 1994 when he started to play for Molde FK.
Fostervold played 172 matches for Molde from 1994 to 2002 as a centre-back and scored 13 goals. He also captained the team for four years. Fostervold joined Grimsby Town on loan during the 2000-2001 season, after manager Lennie Lawrence brought in several foreign imports on a loan basis.
Fostervold is well known for a dive he took while playing for Molde in the match against Stabæk on 18 September 1999. After being hit in the face by Pétur Marteinsson, Fostervold waited for a few seconds before throwing himself to the ground, clutching his face in an attempt to attract the referee's attention. Footage of the dive has become popular on video sharing platforms. John Carew parodied the dive in celebration after scoring a goal in another match.
Cycling career.
He retired from football due to injury in 2003, and now competes in cycling.
Fostervold won a bronze medal in the Norwegian national time-trial championships in 2005, behind former world under-23 time trial champions and Tour de France stage winners Thor Hushovd and Kurt Asle Arvesen. He won another bronze in 2006, and won silver in 2007 behind Edvald Boasson Hagen. In 2006 and 2007 he represented Norway in the world championship time trial (placing 43rd and 51st respectively).

</doc>
<doc id="19911270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911270" title="Play (Doug E. Fresh album)">
Play (Doug E. Fresh album)

Play is the fourth album released by Doug E. Fresh. It was released on September 26, 1995, on Gee Street Independent and featured production from Doug E. Fresh, Frankie Cutlass, and Todd Terry. The album itself was not a commercial success, only peaking at #81 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, but several singles—"Where's da Party At?" "Freaks," "Hands in the Air," and "I-ight"—all made it to the Hot Rap Singles chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19911271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911271" title="Kevin and Julia Sanders (motorcyclists)">
Kevin and Julia Sanders (motorcyclists)

Kevin and Julia Sanders are an English motorcyclist husband and wife noted for overland long-distance riding. They hold two Guinness World Records. The first was achieved in June 2002 by circumnavigating the world by motorcycle in 19½ days. The second was completed on 22 September 2003, riding the length of the Americas from Deadhorse, Prudhoe Bay in Alaska, United States to Ushuaia, Tierra del Fuego, Argentina in 35 days and breaking the previous record by over 12 days.
The couple also have their own motorcycle expedition company GlobeBusters.
Biography.
Kevin was born in London on 14 October 1964, and grew up in Tottenham. He has ridden motorcycles since he was 17. He moved to Cambridge and started his own motorcycle instructing school, "BikeSafe". He holds the highest qualifications for advanced motorcycling available to civilians, the RoSPA Diploma in Advanced Motorcycle Tuition.
Sanders met Julia in South America and they got married in Peru. Since then they have broken world records, started their own expedition company GlobeBusters, travelled the world, been featured in many magazines, made their own DVDs and have been on National Geographic Channel. They live in Swansea, Wales.
Guinness World Records rides.
2002 World Circumnavigation.
In 2002, Kevin and Julia Sanders broke the Guinness World Record for the fastest circumnavigation of the world by motorcycle, taking 12½ days off the previous record established by Nick Sanders in June 1997. They averaged each day on the bike and rode in 19 days 8 hours and 25 minutes. The bike used was a BMW R1150GS.
This motorcycle record also beat the existing car record for Around the World by 1 hour and 50 minutes, a record which allows two drivers to rotate the driving. Their Guinness World Record motorcycle ride now stands as the fastest overland vehicle around the world, although the Guinness World Records organisation no longer recognises such attempts.
2003 Trans Americas.
The previous record for the Trans Americas route had stood at 47½ days. The Sanders broke this by over 12 days, doing it in 35 days. The Trans Americas route covered almost of tough riding, rugged terrains and extreme weather conditions. They went from Deadhorse, Prudhoe Bay in Alaska to Ushuaia, Tierra del Fuego, Argentina. The bike used was a BMW R1150GS Adventure. Guinness no longer certifies such rides.
2010 Silk Road East expedition.
In April 2010 led a ten week commercial expedition through Europe, Turkey, Georgia, Azerbaijan, Turkmenistan, Uzbekistan, Tajikistan, Kyrgyzstan, and China. The trip ended in July 2010, with only one rider sent home due to altitude sickness en route to Everest Base Camp.
Charity.
Their rides have also raised money for SOS Children's Villages. With its UK base in Cambridge, their old home town, this charity cares for abandoned and orphaned children in over 122 countries world wide. As part of their Trans Americas World Record, they managed to also visit the SOS Children's Village in Panama, whilst the bike was being air freighted to Caracas. Their total funds raised to date stand at almost £11,000 for the Trans Americas Guinness Ride. Sanders has also led other charity rides such as a 2006 trans-Russian expedition to raise money for the Royal Marsden Hospital.
National Geographic Channel.
National Geographic Channel broadcast a series, "The Ride: Alaska to Patagonia", based on a 2005 trans-Americas ride undertaken by the Sanders and a team of eleven novice motorcycle overlanders. This ride traversed the Pan American Highway.

</doc>
<doc id="19911282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911282" title="2008 Rally GB">
2008 Rally GB

The 2008 Rally GB was the fifteenth and final round of the 2008 World Rally Championship season and was held between December 5–7, 2008. The event was again held in Wales, with Cardiff being the host of the ceremonial start and finish, and Swansea providing the service park. The special stages took place on gravel roads on private land, owned either by the Forestry Commission (for the special stages run on Friday and Sunday, and the Resolfen stage on Saturday) or the Army (for the remaining Saturday stages). The event saw a return to the mid Wales stages of Hafren, Sweet Lamb, and Myherin for the first time since 2000. The rally was won by Sébastien Loeb in a Citroën C4. This was his eleventh win of the season - breaking his own previous record set in 2005. Second place went to Ford driver Jari-Matti Latvala who was just 12.7 seconds behind. The final podium position was filled by Loebs teammate Dani Sordo. With this result Citroën clinched the manufacturers championship.
__TOC__
Entry.
The event was supported by the usual works entries from Citroën, Ford, Subaru, Stobart Ford, and Suzuki, plus regular privateers Conrad Rautenbach in his Citroën C4 and Mads Ostberg in a Subaru Impreza WRC. A notable omission was Urmo Aava who was scheduled to enter the event with his semi-works effort Citroën C4, but had to pull out only days before the event due to the ongoing economic problems. In another Citroën C4 was Frenchman Sébastien Ogier who was handed the drive as a reward for winning the JWRC category of the 2008 championship. The most newsworthy entry of all was that of 2008 Moto GP champion Valentino Rossi who was competing in a Ford Focus WRC complete with a Children in Need livery. Rossi was aiming to beat his previous two efforts in a WRC event, an early retirement at Rally GB in 2002 and an eleventh place finish at the 2006 Rally New Zealand.
Summary.
Day two.
Day two began with a long stage in Resolfen. Two of the rally's surprises ran into problems; Østberg's Impreza WRC suffered an engine problem and Ogier rolled his C4 WRC very close to the stage finish. The crews reported more icy conditions in the stages, with Latvala feeling particularly ill at ease as he was the first car on the road and therefore the first to encounter the treacherous patches of ice. Throughout the day the conditions improved enough for Latvala to manage to hold off the challenges of firstly Dani Sordo, and then Sébastien Loeb. Latvala held a 10.8 second lead going into the short Cardiff superspecial but clutch problems developed when he had to queue in heavy traffic on the approach to the stage and he lost 3.5 seconds of this advantage. In fourth position was Petter Solberg who was only twenty seconds behind third place. Per-Gunnar Andersson had slipped back to fifth place, but was still three places ahead of his more experienced teammate Toni Gardemeister. The two other points positions were held by Henning Solberg and François Duval. Mikko Hirvonen was homing in on a world championship point, ahead of top home driver Matthew Wilson who was in a slightly disappointing tenth position. Valentino Rossi was making progress after a very steady start and was now in fifteenth position - ahead of WRC regulars such as Khalid Al-Qassimi and Conrad Rautenbach.
Day three.
Freezing conditions overnight meant that there was ice again on the remaining stages at Rheola and Port Talbot. This was not ideal for rally leader Latvala, who had hoped for warmer conditions overnight for a better chance of holding Loeb at bay. Loeb had been told by Citroën boss Olivier Quesnel to push for the victory as a third place for Sordo would be enough to clinch the manufacturers title. After the first loop of Sunday's stages the gap was down to 1.4 seconds and a victory for Loeb was looking inevitable. Loeb was then initially handed a ten-second time penalty for a jump start at SS18 which meant that Latvala took a slender advantage of 2.2 seconds into the last stage. However, Loeb's pace was too strong and a further stage win meant that he won the rally by 12.7 seconds after his earlier time penalty was rescinded. Latvala finished a disappointed second but believed that the battle with Loeb would make him mentally stronger for next season. Sordo followed team instructions to drive carefully and finished third. Petter Solberg maintained his fourth place and the remaining points positions remained the same, except for a late retirement for Henning Solberg which meant that Hirvonen claimed eighth place. Wilson took the position of highest Brit position, ahead of Barry Clark. Rossi continued his progression and finished in twelfth position, earning praise from Ford team boss Malcolm Wilson.

</doc>
<doc id="19911298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911298" title="Dragonslayers">
Dragonslayers

Dragonslayers are people who slay dragons for various reasons. Dragonslayers and the creatures they hunt have been seen in many popular books and films. They also are generally portrayed as heroes. Most common among Dragonslayers would be the knights of Middle Ages fiction, who slew dragons to save princesses. They have been popular in fantasy series. Typically, a Dragonslayer would embark on a quest, usually given by a king, to slay a dragon and rescue his daughter, the princess. Common Dragonslayers also included Christian Saints, described as conquering a dragon. The "dragon" is possibly a reference to a triumph over Satan.
Similar in many ways is the story of the famous viking Ragnar Loðbrók killing a giant serpent (rather than a dragon), thereby saving Þóra borgarhjörtr whom he later married. 

</doc>
<doc id="19911304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911304" title="Voz Veis">
Voz Veis

Voz Veis was a Venezuelan sextet that released their latest studio album "Acústico... Una Noche Común y Sin Corriente" in the year 2010. They have recorded 7 studio albums; the first, "Lo Mejor Aún Está Por Venir" in 1998. The group has 6 lead singers: Carlos Labrador, Luis Fernando "Luigi" Castillo, Roberto Zambrano, Gustavo González, Santiago Castillo, and Luis Enrique Leal.
They won the Latin Grammy Award in 2008 for "Best Short Form Music Video" for the song "Ven A Mi Casa Esta Navidad" and for "Best Latin Children's Album" for their studio album "Cómo Se Llega A Belén".
Awards.
Latin Grammys.
Voz Veis in the edition of 2007 after getting a contract with the Daily Truth, to distribute at least 10,000 copies (the minimum required by the organization of the Grammy's), got in the jury of The Grammy's Latino. In the Grammy’s Latino was when the group won ' Awards 'Best Short Form Music Video" to" 'Come to my house this Christmas from his album" 'as you get to Bethlehem (This video was made by Salto Angel Media, where Luis Leal is currently working, brother of one of the group members) this album also took the prize as' " Best Children's Album' being the first Venezuelan group to receive these awards.
On November 11, 2010 Voz Veis earned its 3rd Grammy after beating music other music artists such as Laura Pausini and Thalia in the "Best Long Form Music Video" for "A Night Common and No Power".

</doc>
<doc id="19911338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911338" title="United States Post Office (Larchmont, New York)">
United States Post Office (Larchmont, New York)

The United States Post Office building in Larchmont, New York was constructed in 1937 as part of a program started in 1853 by the Office of the Supervising Architect of the United States Treasury Department. It is in the Colonial Revival style, which was the most popular style for post offices built in New York after World War I. This post office was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as part of a Multiple Property Submission. Approximately 80 buildings within the Multiple Property Submission fit into this style. 
During the 1932-1942 era of post office construction, a large number of post offices and other federal buildings were built in New York. This surge was intended both to address the long-term need for new government facilities, as well as to employ out-of-work architects, engineers, artists, and other construction industry workers who were unemployed as a result of the Great Depression. The economic climate made it necessary to focus on functional design and a restraint in the amount of ornamentation used. The post office was designed by consulting architect William Dewey Foster. 

</doc>
<doc id="19911354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911354" title="Das Traumschiff">
Das Traumschiff

Das Traumschiff ("The Dream Ship") is a West German-German television series by ZDF. The series, about a cruise ship that travels to places around the world, debuted in 1981 and became one of the most-watched television shows in Germany. A total of 69 episodes have been produced as of 2013. A 2007 "Variety" article described the series as a '"Love Boat"-like cruise liner skein.'
Forerunner.
The series repeated some clichés that had already successfully been used in Heinz Rühmann's feature film "The Captain" which had been based on Richard Gordon's novel "The Captain's Table".
Premise.
The premise of the series resembled the US-American TV series Hotel, only that it would show a hotel on sea and moreover occasionally impressions of different exotic countries (or at least their harbours). It presented a place where all kinds of people appeared as guests and could hereby show a variety of extraordinary characters, fates, schemes and relationships. Guests either brought their problems with them or just got into trouble by encountering folks they wouldn't have met under normal circumstances. Still everything would lead to a happy-end in each episode.
Actors.
Captain Heinz Hansen was played by Heinz Weiss who in younger years had been successful on the silverscreen as Jerry Cotton's best friend and colleague "Phil Decker".
When Heinz Weiss left the series captain Heinz Hansen was replaced by captain Jakob Paulsen who was played by Siegfried Rauch.

</doc>
<doc id="19911367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911367" title="WSUN (defunct)">
WSUN (defunct)

WSUN was a radio station which broadcast to Tampa Bay Area, Florida from 1927 until 2001. 
History.
The radio station began operating at 620 kHz in October 1927. In 1928 it was moved to 580 kHz, then to 900 kHz that year. In 1929, radio frequencies for stations in Florida were reallocated, the station at this point moved back to 620 kHz, where it remained until 1998. During the 1987-1995 talk period, the station was the home of the syndicated morning program The Ron & Ron Show as well as hosting Hooters on the Radio, Bob Lassiter, and a variety of other programs, including a psychic call in show with Gary Spivey. For a brief period, the station simulcasted programming from sister station WIOD in Miami, including Neil Rogers, Rick and Suds, and Chris Baker. The station also broadcast the Miami Dolphin NFL games. The nationally syndicated program "Smoke This" got its start on WSUN, now on WFLA.
Until 1974, the station offered a variety of programming including dramas, talk, music, and was an ABC affiliate. In 1974 the station switched to country. In 1987 it switched to a news/talk format which remained until 1995, when it switched back to a music format. In 1998, 620 kHz became a simulcast of Bay News 9, and the call letters were replaced with WSAA. The station was sold in 1999 to Cox Enterprises, and it took on an oldies format, moving to 570 AM. The station was ultimately sold to Salem Broadcasting, who converted it to a Christian station and changed the call letters to WTWD (and later, WTBN) in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19911369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911369" title="Quantum Theory (video game)">
Quantum Theory (video game)

Quantum Theory, (known in Japan as ) is a third-person shooter video game for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360. It is developed by Team Tachyon and published by Tecmo. The game was released in September 2010.
The game centers around two characters named Syd and Filena who must fight through a "living tower". The game features a cover system that constantly adds and removes cover.
Gameplay.
The game is a third-person shooter incorporating a cover system. Players can fire their weapon from the hip, aim down the sights for precision, or blindfire from cover. Enemies explode upon death and a successful headshot is rewarded by a slow motion close up view of the head exploding. Syd can throw Filena as a projectile weapon. Syd can use his guns as melee weapons. Syd's initial melee attack can also result in a follow up attack by Filena. Some levels feature environments that can change dynamically, including moving platforms that Syd must hang on to or jump off. Bosses make appearances throughout the campaign, requiring the player to identify and target their weak points.
Plot.
Setting.
Set in an organic sci-fi world, years have passed since a world war left the world in a catastrophic state, leaving only a few survivors. In a new community "Cocoon", life has been threatened by a black material called Erosion, creating a post-apocalyptic environment. Surviving humans form a militia to conquer the Erosion and set out to take down the "Living Tower". The main character, Syd, intends to destroy the Tower. He meets Filena along the way, as they both ascend to the top in their search for answers. The tower is constantly eroding, and intensifies as the game progresses.
Story.
Most of the story takes place within the tower, beginning with Syd and a woman named Nyx trying to escape the tower as it begins to fall apart. As they continue to fight their way out, Nyx suddenly collapses, dying. Syd reveals that because she is part of the tower, she will die with it. Syd leaves Nyx behind telling her to "die well". Syd then escapes the tower through unknown means. The story then flashes forward to where Syd and other soldiers fight through destroyed city streets against the Diablosis as they make their way into the "living tower". A poisonous growth called "the erosion" lives there, and their mission is to destroy the tower along with the erosion. The entire squad Syd is with is wiped out but he manages to enter the tower.
Syd meets Filena for the first time when he sees her fighting the Nosferatu and comes to her aid. After dispatching the enemy the two engage in a Mexican stand-off, after which they go their separate ways in the tower. Filena and Syd meet again later on and reveal to each other their opposing quests: Syd is out to destroy the tower while Filena wants to save it from the erosion. The two battle to a stalemate as their fight is interrupted by the Diablosis, whom they must fight together in order to survive. The two agree to join forces for the time being. Filena tells Syd that her father created the tower, while throughout the story a voice speaks through the loud speaker in the tower, providing context. 
Later in the game flashback levels show Syd as a rookie, donning a mask which is broken in a later flashback, resulting in the x-shaped scar on Syd's forehead. During this time he was part of a squad of exiled Gilskins, the leader carrying the Revenant weapon Syd now uses. The entire squad is wiped out during a battle with Diablosis, only Syd survives, now using the leader's Revenant.
Syd and Filena belong to warring factions, the Gilskins and the Nosferatu, respectively. Syd and Filena join together, but split up later on. Syd and Filena meet up again, and Filena discovers that she is not human, but the prototype of a new breed of humanoids that her father had engineered. She is also the missing component that would empower the Diablosis as they merge with the erosion. Syd and Filena battle the main Diablosis, but the Diablosis eventually absorbs Filena. Syd kills it and frees Filena.
Filena and Syd make their way up to the top floor of the tower before confronting the brain of the tower, which instructs Filena to kill Syd. Filena points her weapon at Syd only to change her mind at the last second and open fire on the brain. This causes the entire tower to be destroyed. After the credits both Syd and Filena are seen going towards another tower.
Reception.
"Quantum Theory" received mostly negative reviews, with a Metacritic aggregate score of 37/100 for the Xbox 360 version and 43/100 for the PlayStation 3 version.

</doc>
<doc id="19911413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911413" title="HMS Pictou">
HMS Pictou

Two ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Pictou", named for Pictou, Nova Scotia:

</doc>
<doc id="19911448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911448" title="Frill-necked Monarch">
Frill-necked Monarch

The Frill-necked Monarch ("Arses lorealis") is a species of songbird in the Monarchidae family. It is endemic to the rainforests of the northern Cape York Peninsula. It was considered a subspecies of the related Frilled Monarch ("Arses telescophthalmus") for many years before being reclassified as a separate species in 1999 by Schodde and Mason, and upheld by Christidis and Boles in 2008.
Taxonomy.
The Frill-necked Monarch was first described in 1895 by English ornithologist and ex-clergyman Charles Walter De Vis, from a specimen collected by Kendall Broadbent that year. However, undescribed specimens had existed in the Macleay Museum in Sydney and the National Museum in Melbourne for twenty years beforehand. The first eggs were collected by H. G. Barnard the following year in Somerset, Cape York.
The Frill-necked Monarch is a member of a group of birds termed monarch flycatchers. This group is considered either as a subfamily Monarchinae, together with the fantails as part of the drongo family Dicruridae, or as a family Monarchidae in its own right. Molecular research in the late 1980s and early 1990s revealed the monarchs belong to a large group of mainly Australasian birds known as the Corvida parvorder comprising many tropical and Australian passerines. More recently, the grouping has been refined somewhat as the monarchs have been classified in a 'Core corvine' group with the crows and ravens, shrikes, birds of paradise, fantails, drongos and mudnest builders.
Alternative common names include Australian Frilled Monarch, and White-lored Flycatcher.
Description.
The Frill-necked Monarch measures around 14 cm (5.5 in) in length, and the neck feathers can become erect into a small frill; the male is predominantly black and white, and can be distinguished from the similar and more common Pied Monarch by its all-white breast-the latter species having a broad black breast band. The throat, nape, shoulders, and rump are white while the wings and head are black. It has an eye-ring of bare skin, and a bright blue wattle. The bill is pale blue-grey and the eyes are dark. The female is similar but lacks the eye-ring and has white lores and a brownish tinged chest.
Distribution and habitat.
The range is the from the top of the Cape York Peninsula southwest to Weipa, and southeast as far as the Iron Range and Coen. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Breeding.
Breeding season is November to February with one brood raised. The nest is a shallow cup made of vines and sticks, woven together with spider webs and shredded plant material, and decorated with lichen. It is generally sited on a hanging loop of vine well away from the trunk or foliage of a sizeable tree about above the ground. Two pink-tinged oval white eggs splotched with lavender and reddish-brown are laid measuring 19 mm x 14 mm.

</doc>
<doc id="19911464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911464" title="1929–30 Montreal Canadiens season">
1929–30 Montreal Canadiens season

The 1929–30 Montreal Canadiens season was the team's 21st season. The team placed second in the Canadian Division and qualified for the playoffs. The team won three series to win the Stanley Cup, for the third time in team history, and the second time in the National Hockey League (NHL).
Regular season.
To combat low scoring, a major rule change was implemented. Players were now allowed forward passing in the offensive zone, instead of only in the defensive and neutral zones. This led to abuse: players sat in front of the opposing net waiting for a pass. The rule was changed again mid-season in December 1929, and players were no longer allowed to enter the offensive zone before the puck. Hence the birth of the modern-day offside rule. The Canadiens doubled their scoring output compared to the previous season.
Highlights.
On December 14, 1929, Alfred Lepine scored four goals and added one assist in the second period of a game versus Ottawa, won 6–4 by Montreal. As of 2009, this feat is still the Canadiens' record for goals and points in one period.
Playoffs.
The Canadiens, by placing second had to play in the first round series versus the Chicago Black Hawks. The Canadiens won the two-game total-goals series 3–2. Next, were the New York Rangers who had defeated the Ottawa Senators in their first round series. The Canadiens swept the Rangers two games to none in a best-of-three series. The teams played 68 minutes and 52 seconds of overtime in the first game before Gus Rivers scored to win the game for the Canadiens.
Finals.
The Canadiens advanced to the final against the Boston Bruins. The Bruins were heavily favoured, after winning all meetings with the Canadiens during the regular season. However, it meant little as the Canadiens swept the Bruins in two straight (3-0, 4-3) to win the Stanley Cup.
Player stats.
Regular season.
† Worters was loaned from the New York Americans for one game on February 27, 1930 vs. Toronto.
Montreal Canadiens 1930 Stanley Cup champions.
Sources:

</doc>
<doc id="19911473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911473" title="Bridgeport, Oregon">
Bridgeport, Oregon

Bridgeport, Oregon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19911513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911513" title="Minuscule 639">
Minuscule 639

Minuscule 639 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering, α 169 Soden). It is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on a parchment. It is dated palaeographically to the 11th century. The manuscript is lacunose. Formerly it was labeled by 192a and 246p.
Description.
The codex contains the text of the Acts of the Apostles, Catholic epistles, and Pauline epistles on 237 parchment leaves (20.5 by 15.5 cm) with some lacunae (Acts 21:6-23; 1 Peter 5:10-14). Some leaves were supplied on paper by a later hand. The text is written in one column per page, 22-24 lines per page in minuscule letters. The last folio, no. 237, is a palimpsest, the lower text was written in uncial letters, and belongs to the codex 0132. 
It contains Prolegomena, tables of the to the Catholic epistles, numbers of the κεφαλαια ("chapters"), lectionary markings at the margin, subscriptions at the end of each book, and numbers of στιχοι. Some lacking leaves were supplied in 14th century on a paper, by one Micheal (Acts 1:1-3:20; 7:27-10:26; 10:38-11:19; 12:2-15:25).
The order of books: Acts of the Apostles, Catholic epistles, and Pauline epistles. Epistle to the Hebrews is placed after Epistle to Philemon.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Aland placed it in Category V.
History.
The manuscript was described by Kitchin. It was added to the list of New Testament manuscripts by Scrivener. Formerly it was labeled by 192a and 246p. In 1908 Gregory gave the number 639 to it.
The codex now is located in Christ Church College (Wake 37) at Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="19911545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911545" title="2009 Faroe Islands Premier League">
2009 Faroe Islands Premier League

Faroe Islands Premier League Football 2009, also known as "Vodafonedeildin" for sponsoring reasons, was the sixty-seventh season of top-tier football on the Faroe Islands. It began on 4 April 2009 and ended on 3 October 2009. EB/Streymur were the defending champions. The league was won by HB Tórshavn.
Team changes from the previous season.
B71 Sandoy and Skála ÍF were relegated to 1. deild after finishing 9th and 10th in the 2008 season. They were replaced by 1. deild champions 07 Vestur and runners-up AB Argir.
Transfers.
"For list of transfers, see List of Faroese football transfers Winter 2008-09"
Results.
The schedule consisted of a total of 27 games. Each team played three games against every opponent in no particular order. At least one of the games was at home and one was away. The additional home game for every match-up was randomly assigned prior to the season.
Top goalscorers.
"Source: soccerandequipment.com"

</doc>
<doc id="19911553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911553" title="Graham High School (North Carolina)">
Graham High School (North Carolina)

Graham High School is a high school located in Graham, North Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="19911567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911567" title="Bridgeport, Polk County, Oregon">
Bridgeport, Polk County, Oregon

Bridgeport is an unincorporated community in Polk County, Oregon, United States. Bridgeport is southwest of Dallas and just west of Oregon Route 223.

</doc>
<doc id="19911624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911624" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 69">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 69

The 69th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is made of parts of Bedford County and Somerset County. The district includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="19911627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911627" title="6 Cassiopeiae">
6 Cassiopeiae

6 Cassiopeiae (6 Cas) is a white A3 type bright supergiant or hypergiant. It is about 25 times as massive as the Sun. The system contains multiple stars.

</doc>
<doc id="19911651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911651" title="Henry Villierme">
Henry Villierme

Henry Pierre Villierme (born August 21, 1928) is an American painter associated with abstract expressionism and the Bay Area Figurative Movement. Villierme is considered one of the "Second Generation" members of the Bay Area Figurative Movement. Villierme first rose to prominence with a series of successful exhibitions in the late 1950s. From the 1960s – 1980s Villierme continued to paint and sculpt in his studio, and in the late 1980s returned to public exhibitions.
Biography.
Henry Villierme was born in San Francisco in 1928. He was raised by family in Tahiti, French Polynesia, and returned to the Bay Area for his education in 1939. Villierme served in the United States Army in the Korean War. Upon returning to the United States and discharge from the Army, he enrolled in the California College of Arts and Crafts under the GI Bill. 
Villierme credits his initial interest in art to "working in a paint store and working out interior color schemes". He also credits his time in the Far East, where he was excited by the look of Japan, as well as "the concern for art values" that was part of the Japanese people's way of life." 
At the California College of Arts and Crafts Villierme studied under David Park, Harry Krell, Elmer Bischoff, and Richard Diebenkorn. Outside of the Bay Area Figurative School, one of his early influences at CCAC was Japanese American abstractionist and abstract calligrapher Saburo Hasegawa. Villierme graduated from CCAC with a Bachelor's Degree in Painting. Villierme also took several courses at the California School of Fine Arts, where his peers included Robert Downs, Manuel Neri, and Bruce McGaw.
Villierme's work is typically realistic, and his most frequent subjects have been great rolling landscapes typical of California's Central Valley. He is also known for his portraits and still lifes, which are generally done on smaller, one square foot canvases. He works from sketches he makes on the spot, then lets sketches sit for a month or more before he paints from them. His approach is often considered pointillist and cubist. In 1992, Richard Diebenkorn said of Villierme, "(Villierme's) painting had, and still has, instinctual understanding of that universal human activity in which colors are applied to a surface."
Villierme's art showed promise early on. In August 1957 Villierme won Second Award at the Jack London Square Art Festival for his painting "Highway". In November, his painting "Lake View" took First Place at the 7th Annual Exhibition Oil and Sculpture at the Richmond Art Center, with honorable mentions going to Richard Diebenkorn, Nathan Oliveira, and David Park. 
Villierme was invited to display in "The Next Direction", an exhibition sponsored by the Oakland Art Museum and which also featured works by McGaw, Park, Bischoff, and Diebenkorn. He later went on to win a prize aware at the Los Angeles County Museum 1958 Annual Exhibition – Artists of Los Angeles and Vicinity, for his piece "Landscape". Villierme's works were also featured in exhibitions at the M.H. de Young Memorial Museum and the San Francisco Museum of Art.
In the late 1950s Henry Villierme left the Bay Area for Southern California to raise a family. Richard Diebenkorn later said, responding to Villierme's decision, "Of all the painting students at the California College of Arts and Crafts who might have abandoned his direction, Henry was one whose defection could hit me the hardest." 
In the late 1980s Villierme began a comeback that culminated with the 2005 Bay Area Figurative 1950s and 1960s exhibit at the Bolinas Museum in Bolinas, California.
Exhibitions.
Jack London Square Art Festival. August 1957. Oakland, CA. "Highway" (Second Award).
California College of Arts and Crafts 50th Anniversary. M.H. de Young Memorial Museum. San Francisco, CA. 
7th Annual Exhibition Oil and Sculpture at the Richmond Art Center. November 1–30, 1957. Richmond, CA. "Lake View" (First Place). 
Seventy Sixth Annual Painting and Sculpture Exhibition of the San Francisco Art Association. February 28 - March 31, 1957. San Francisco, CA. "House Tops" 
The Next Direction. The Oakland Art Museum. June 8 – 30, 1957. Oakland, CA. 
Contemporary Bay Area Figurative Painting Exhibition. The Oakland Art Museum. September 1957. Oakland, CA. "Highway Study". 
Seventy-Seventh Annual Painting and Sculpture Exhibition of the San Francisco Art Association. May 1958. San Francisco, CA. "Landscape" .
Contemporary Bay Area Figurative Paintings. Los Angeles County Museum. Los Angeles, CA 
1958 Annual Exhibition – Artists of Los Angeles and Vicinity. Los Angeles County Museum. May 21 – June 29, 1958. Los Angeles, CA. "Landscape" (Prize Award) 
Brookshire Square Invitational Art Exhibition. Downey Museum of Art, May, 1966. Donwey, CA. 
Bay Area Figurative 1950s and 1960s. Bolinas Museum. April 29 – June 18, 2006. Bolinas, CA.
See also.
Bay Area Figurative Movement
Abstract Expressionism
Pointilist
Cubist

</doc>
<doc id="19911678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911678" title="Luella Bartley">
Luella Bartley

Luella Dayrell Bartley MBE is an English fashion designer, magazine editor and former journalist based in the UK.
A onetime journalist and fashion editor of "British Vogue" and Evening Standard newspaper, Luella Bartley first attended the further education arts college, Warwickshire School of Arts, before gaining a place at the Central Saint Martins College of Art and Design and launched her eponymous fashion label "Luella" in 1999 with a collection entitled "Daddy, I want a Pony" at a friend's (Steve Mackey - bassist from Pulp) apartment. Bartley is a former roommate of artists Justine Frischmann and Mathangi Arulpragasam (M.I.A.). A year after her first showcase, she was awarded Britain's Young Designer of the Year award. Her designs often draw influence from the British music scene and have been acclaimed for her quirky, punk inspired, often distinctly English style. Her LFW debut in February 2000 was the show "Daddy, who were the Clash?"
In 2002, the "Gisele" bag she designed from the best selling "Luella for Mulberry" edition was an instant success and revived the ailing Mulberry brand. This, in turn led to Club21, the Singapore-based retail group, investing in a global licensing agreement for Luella Bartley ready-to-wear and accessories.
In January 2006, Bartley was selected to launch Target's Go International line.
She has showcased her work several times during London Fashion Week. She returned to London for Spring/Summer 2007, after six and a half years based in New York and previously Milan fashion weeks. During the same week she opened her first store, on London's Brook Street.
In 2008, she launched a limited edition bag collection "Friends of Luella" in Hong Kong. Later that year, the British Fashion Council named Luella 'Designer of the Year', having been nominated previously for two consecutive years. Following on from this award, Luella was dubbed ‘International Designer of the Year’ by Elle Sweden in January 2009.
Wearers of her designs have included Kate Nash, Kelly Osbourne, Lily Allen, Amy Winehouse, Gwyneth Paltrow, Sienna Miller, Mischa Barton, Chloë Sevigny, Keira Knightley, Foxy Brown, Christina Aguilera, Reese Witherspoon, Cate Blanchett, Kate Bosworth, Alexa Chung, Pixie Geldof, Zooey Deschanel, and HRH Princess Beatrice and HRH Princess Eugenie.
Bartley was announced to design the Liberty Christmas decor. Despite this, on 10 November 2009, it was reported that Luella had ceased trading.
Bartley currently lives in Cornwall with her partner, fashion photographer David Sims, and their children Kip, Stevie and Ned.
She was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2010 New Year Honours.
Luella's Guide to English Style.
Bartley's book 'Luella's Guide to English Style' was released in October 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19911698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911698" title="Death by Chocolate (disambiguation)">
Death by Chocolate (disambiguation)

Death by Chocolate may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19911701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911701" title="Lars Andreas Oftedahl">
Lars Andreas Oftedahl

Lars (Laurentius, Lauritz, Lauriz) Andreas Oftedahl (19 May 1781 – 17 March 1843) was a Norwegian priest and a member of the Norwegian Constituent Assembly at Eidsvoll that wrote the Constitution of Norway on May 17, 1814.
Biography.
Oftedahl was born in Copenhagen, his parents were Lars Larsen Oftedahl, later captain and arms manager, and Ellen Andersdatter (born Evetoft). He moved with his parents to Nyborg, and later to Christianssand, where he graduated as cand.theol. in 1801. From 1809 he was vicar at Rennesøy, Stavanger Amt. He became a renowned speaker, and was elected as one of three delegates from Stavanger Amt to the Eidsvoll Assembly in 1814, where he represented the unionist side. He was first deputee, representing the official class. Along with him from Stavanger Amt came merchant Christen Mølbach and farmer Asgaut Olsen Regelstad.
He served as a curate in Christianssand from 1817, and dean from 1825, and was vicar in Eker from 1831. He served as deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament for two terms. He was also engaged in social matters such as education and poor relief. He issued a catechism explanation in 1814, and a Latin grammar in 1923.
Claus Pavels' diaries.
Oftedahl is mentioned twice in Claus Pavels' diaries. Pavels describes Oftedahl's University speech from 1813 as being "without doubt the most beautiful of them all".
The catechism explanation.
Oftedahl's catechism explanation from 1814, "Forklaring over Luthers Katekismus", consists of an introductory chapter with 27 questions on religion and moral, followed by five chapters ("1. Om Troens Artikle", "2. Om Guds Lov eller de ti bud", "3. Om Bønnen", "4. Om Daabens Sakramente", and "5. Om Alterens Sakramente"), containing 223 questions and answers.

</doc>
<doc id="19911726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911726" title="Elisabeth Subrin">
Elisabeth Subrin

Elisabeth Subrin is a Brooklyn-based film and video artist and curator.
Biography.
In 1990 she received a B.F.A. in film from Massachusetts College of Art. She then received an M.F.A. in video from the School of the Art Institute of Chicago in 1995, where she stayed to teach in the First Year Graduate Programs until 1997. She has taught at Cooper Union, Amherst College, the School of the Art Institute of Chicago, the Graduate Program at Virginia Commonwealth University, Temple University and Harvard University. 
Her work has been screened and exhibited internationally, including solo shows at the Museum of Modern Art, the Vienna International Film Festival, the Institute of Contemporary Art, Boston, and the San Francisco Cinematheque, as well as group shows at the 2000 Whitney Biennial, the Guggenheim Museum, the Walker Art Center, and the Rotterdam International Film Festival. She has also received numerous grants and fellowships. 
Her film and video work explores relationships between history and subjectivity, especially within female biography, as well as the nature of evidence. Working across narrative, documentary and conceptual art practices, she also explores questions about the meaning of mental illness, the legacy of feminism and the impact of recent social history, in particular, the ‘60s. Subrin has described her work as having been "fairly experimental, in the sense that it’s very difficult to say whether it’s fiction or nonfiction."
Subrin has found influence by feminist theory as well as by independent filmmakers like Chantal Ackerman, Todd Haynes, and Charles Burnett. While she is often seen as a feminist filmmaker, she says her own work is, “more about history and subjectivity, the meaning of the dominant history and personal experience. Obviously that’s seen through a feminist perspective, but I think it would do it a disservice to say it’s either just feminist or just experimental. Feminism embodies so many different kinds of work.”
Film and Video Work.
Swallow (1995)
Subrin's first notable work is a film short which concentrates on early adolescence and focuses on the search for self-identification. Simultaneously, the film raises cultural and political questions concerning the contradictions of race, identity, and gender within a post-industrial, patriarchal culture structured on alienation and difference. Tina Wasserman wrote in "The New Art Examiner" (1996) that, "For Subrin, as the visual metaphor of silence or speechlessness---evidenced primarily by the repeated use of white-out on the body, text, and image---gains prominence in "Swallow", it becomes clear that the fragility of female identity in post-feminist America appears, in part, as the failure of language itself.” 
Shulie (1997)
"Shulie" is Subrin's most prominent work, shot on Super-8 and transferred to video which won a Los Angeles Film Critics Award in 1998. The piece is a shot-by-shot remake of the 1967 experimental documentary by an earlier generation of students at Northwestern University including Jerry Blumenthal, Sheppard Ferguson, James Leahy and Alan Rettig. The original version of "Shulie" (1967) is a cinema verite portrait of Shulamith Firestone, author of the radical modern feminist text "" during her final B.F.A. year at the Chicago Art Institute in 1970. Kate Haug wrote in a review of the film, “Given the late ‘80s art world trends of appropriation and the ever-growing experience of simulacrum, it is not so shocking that an innovative filmmaker would take on celluloid cloning” and continued to state that "by creating a replica film of the ‘60s she harnesses the remake’s amorphous quality of time to deftly address contemporary politics." This film forces its viewers to reconnect to and become re-aware of the historical context – the individual and radical origins of U.S. feminism’s Second Wave and how that course of events was subsumed and re-defined by the ensuing conservative political culture of the ‘80s. B. Ruby Rich, author of the book "Chick Flicks" noted, “She has created a document within a document that makes us remember what we didn’t know, [and makes us realize all over again how much we’ve lost." "The temporal gap between 1967 and 1997 grants the audience a chance to re-think the future of feminism. By not completing or adding to Firestone’s biography, Subrin intentionally leaves the history of feminism incomplete – instead of following Firestone as she matures, Shulie (1967 and 1997) stops before feminism takes off." 
"The film animates melancholia for both a collective political past and an individual subject’s child-self, suggesting that there may also be a productive afterlife to identities that seem foreclosed within the filmmaker’s own present tense: second-wave feminist, girlchild of the 1970s, even student." "Refusing distance from the child-self becomes a means of critiquing contemporary public culture in the 1997 "Shulie", in Subrin’s other videotape "Swallow", in the works she has produced with Sadie Benning, and in the ‘zines and videos of the 1990s." 
The Fancy (2000)
Subrin's video piece, "The Fancy", is an experimental biography of the life, death, and intriguing legacy of photographer Francesca Woodman, who committed suicide at age 22. Nicole Armour wrote of Subrin's videowork in "The Fancy", that she "turns her critical gaze to the life and art of a renowned young female photographer whose early death left behind a controversial body of work rife with psychosexual implication. Rigorously structural in form, this speculative bringing-to-light meticulously sifts physical evidence and sketchy facts in an attempt to uncover the traces of a seemingly suppressed history embedded behind the photographers’ pictures.”
Other Work by Subrin.
Subrin has also worked in collaboration with many artists and producers, such as on "Crisis in Woodlawn" (1994). Other projects include "The Judy Spots" (1995) five television spots produced with Sadie Benning for MTV, and "The File Room" (1994), an interactive electronic archives produced by Antonio Muntadas. 
In 2002 she directed the music video "well, well, well" for New York-based feminist electronic band Le Tigre and worked as a creative consultant and videographer for the historical documentary "Slumming It: Myth and Culture on the Bowery" (2002), produced by Mixed Greens. 
Her most recent work consists of a two channel video installation, "Sweet Ruin" (2008, HD), showed at PARTICIPANT, Inc. in New York City and will be presented in Copenhagen later this year. Her feature narrative project, "Up", is in development with Forensic Films placing herself as director in collaboration with Los Angeles-based writing partner, Evan Carlson. She is currently working on a new two channel installation about the haunting of 9/11 in daily life in New York.

</doc>
<doc id="19911735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911735" title="Newcastle Wildcats">
Newcastle Wildcats

This article is about the Newcastle Wildcats, the team name of the Newcastle University Ice Hockey Club (NUIHC). 
The Newcastle Wildcats are a university ice hockey team representing Newcastle University in the United Kingdom. NUIHC are a member club of the British Universities Ice Hockey Association (BUIHA) and ice three teams across all three tiers of UK university competition. 
The club is notable for now being the 3rd oldest amongst modern British university ice hockey programmes (having been founded in 1994) and for the fact that it was the first to introduce mixed gender participation into a full-contact university sport.
The Wildcats operate a successful beginners' training programme to develop new players. Partially as a result of this, Newcastle University was the most represented institution in terms of player registration within the BUIHA for three seasons with the Wildcats preferring to ice teams consisting almost totally of Newcastle students and mostly shunning the popular practice of pooling players from the maximum possible number of institutions. Since their inception, the Wildcats have mainly been based at Whitley Bay Ice Rink, alongside the semi-professional Whitley Warriors, rivals Northumbria Flames and, at one time, the Newcastle Vipers of the Elite Ice Hockey League. Both Newcastle University and Northumbria Clubs often played at the Metro Radio Arena during hockey evenings hosted by the Vipers, indeed the Vipers included the game between the two University teams as part of their 'farewell evening' when they left the city centre rink.
History.
The Wildcats have a storied history, claiming the first two university National Championships in 2001 and 2002. They have been less successful, however, in the BUIHA era of British university hockey. After winning the Division Two (North) title in 2004, a long trophy drought was ended by a rampant first team, who won the Division One (North) title for the 2009/10 season and advanced to the national playoff finals. In 2013 the Club's C-Team won the BUIHA Tier IV Nationals - a remarkable achievement as the squad had struggled throughout the year in the Cup competition.
The Newcastle Wildcats were officially formed in 1994 by Ian Pitcher, having existed as a loose collection of Newcastle University students in previous years. One of the original coaches & players for the team was ex NHL Pittsburgh Penguins and Whitley Warriors stalwart Mike Rowe - who was studying for a postgraduate degree at the time. The newly created Wildcats would play out of Whitley Bay Ice Rink, situated on the coast just outside the city centre and represented the city of Newcastle upon Tyne as a whole by pooling players from both Newcastle University and the newly incorporated Northumbria University. This collaboration was the reason for the choice of the neutral Wildcats name, as opposed to Royals, which is the traditional nickname used by Newcastle University's sports teams. Throughout their early existence, the club iced only one team almost exclusively in challenge games against recreational ice hockey sides in the North East, rather than other higher education institutions.
This partnership lasted until 2001, when Northumbria University students formed a new side to call their own, the Flames. This was the same year of the first National Championships contested by British university sides, which was won by the Wildcats in their final appearance as a dual-university club. The success of this inaugural university tournament led to its repeat the following year, and it was again claimed by now single-institution Wildcats. With the National Championships a huge success and a growing number of institutions expressing interest in entering teams into competition, the Wildcats became a founding member of the British Universities Ice Hockey Association (BUIHA) upon its formation the following year in 2003.
With the creation of the BUIHA and, with it, properly organised divisions and regular competition against other universities (not least local rivals Northumbria Flames) the level of interest swelled and the Wildcats launched a new team, the 'B' team, in 2004 to ice in the new third tier of university competition. The first team exceeded expectations this academic year of competition, claiming the top spot in Division Two's northern section to take the number of trophies lifted by the Wildcats to three in four years.
Two years later, another groundswell of interest in university ice hockey - particularly from students with little previous experience - led the club to set up a beginners' training programme and enter a development team, named the 'C' team, into the new third tier of BUIHA competition. With the aim of training and developing new players, the club continues to produce players who are able to compete at intermediate level competition with the 'B' team as little as twelve months after beginning to skate.
Stan Calvert Cup.
Ice Hockey is one of the sports involved in the Annual Stan Calvert Cup Competition between Newcastle and Northumbria Universities. The games used to be played at the Metro Radio Arena (in the days when it had an ice pad) in front of crowds numbering in the hundreds (and occasionally, the thousands) and often in the same programme as the Newcastle Vipers professional ice hockey team.
Ball/Dek/Floor Hockey.
For many years the Club ran a 'Stick Training' session in the University Sports Centre. The aim of the session was to enhance the stick handling and fitness skills of players without the expense of valuable ice time. In the 2011-12 season Joy Craighead developed these sessions further and created the Club's Dek Squad. Dek, or 'Street & Ball Hockey', uses much of the same equipment as ice hockey but is played in a normal sports centre gym, rather than an ice rink, so players run rather than skate.
External Ball Hockey Competitions.
In February 2012 members of the Squad competed in the Fantastic Fours Dek Tournament in Gateshead Leisure Centre earning themselves a fleeting appearance on BSkyB.
For the 2012-2013 season the Squad finished fourth in the UKBH Northern Conference and once again competed in the NEDekStars 'Fantastic Fours' Competition against 15 other teams - Squad Founder, Joy Craighead, was interviewed by BSkyB at the end of the tournament.
In May 2013 the squad competed in the Ball Hockey UK National Championships and finished in second place to the South Notts Outlaws in the Tier III Final.
Internal Ball Hockey Competitions.
Each year the Club holds a mini 3v3 tournament and competes for the 'Craighead Cup' (named after the tournament's founder, Joy Craighead). This is a chance for all members to have a bit of fun before the Annual Dinner and there are other awards including the 'Best-Dressed' for the team with the most outstanding uniform and the 'Wooden Spoons' for the 'best losers'.

</doc>
<doc id="19911767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911767" title="Ignacio Coronel Villarreal">
Ignacio Coronel Villarreal

Ignacio "Nacho" Coronel Villarreal (February 1, 1954 – July 29, 2010) was a Mexican drug lord who was one of the four leaders of the Sinaloa Cartel, led by Joaquín "El Chapo" Guzmán, Mexico's most-wanted drug lord. His stronghold was Jalisco.
Biography.
Ignacio Coronel was responsible for moving multi-ton quantities of cocaine via fishing vessels from Colombia to Mexico and on to the United States state of Texas and Arizona during the early 2000s. His influence and operations penetrated throughout the United States, Mexico, and several other European, Central American, and South American countries. In Mexico, he was known as the "King of Crystal" for his domination of crystal methamphetamine production and trafficking.
Both the governments of the United States and Mexico had an outstanding arrest warrant for Coronel; in addition, the United States Department of State was offering a reward of up to $5 million USD for information leading to his capture.
Death.
Coronel was killed on 29 July 2010, in Zapopan, Jalisco, during a shootout with the Mexican Army. During the raid, Coronel killed a soldier and wounded another. A statement from the federal Attorney General's Office says soldiers found jewelry, luxury watches, guns, two hand grenades and three vehicles and US$7 million in cash in the house where Coronel was killed.
Personal life.
On 3 April 2010, alleged gunmen of Los Zetas abducted and killed Coronel Villarreal's son, Alejandro Coronel (aged 16), in Bahía de Banderas, Nayarit. Ignacio sought vengeance and responded three days later by sending over 100 of his henchmen to kidnap and kill 14 people.
A few days after Coronel Villarreal was killed on July 2010, his nephew Mario Carrasco Coronel ("El Gallo") was killed by the special forces of the Mexican Army in Guadalajara, Jalisco. Mario reportedly aided his uncle Ignacio directly in the cartel activities and was his alleged successor.
His niece, Emma Coronel, is married to Joaquín "El Chapo" Guzmán, Mexico's most-wanted drug lord. Emma is the third or fourth wife of Guzmán Loera, who at one time was a partner of Ignacio Coronel before his death in 2010 during a shootout with the Mexican army.
On January 2010, several members of the Coronel clan were arrested: Ernesto Coronel Peña, Juan Jaime Coronel, Juan Ernesto Coronel Herrera, and Gael Carbel Aldana. His cousin José Ángel Coronel Carrasco ("El Changel") was arrested by Mexican soldiers in Culiacán on 20 January 2013. He was the successor of Coronel Villarreal and top leader of La Corona Cartel, a Sinaloa Cartel-affiliated gang founded between late 2012 and early 2013.
His nephew and regional cartel leader in Durango, Humberto Rodríguez Coronel ("El Canelo"), was arrested by the Navy on 24 March 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19911773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911773" title="Biotechnology industry in China">
Biotechnology industry in China

China has seen double-digit growth in its biotechnology industry and has gone from being one of the slowest to one of the fastest nations in the adoption of new biotechnologies. The biotech sector is seen in China and internationally as a core area of national scientific and economic development. The main national biotech body in the country is the China National Center for Biotechnology Development. The CNCBD is an organization established on November 3, 1983 under the Ministry of Science and Technology with the approval of the State Council. CNCBD is the sole national center to coordinate and implement the national S&T program in Biotechnology and Health.
Industry.
Biotech industry in China started in 1984. By 1997, the number of Chinese biotech companies was about 200. In 2000 it was estimated, that the number of Chinese biotech companies increased to 600. In 2005 China's biotechnology industry increased to 900 modern biotech companies. China's biotech industry registered sales totaling US$2.4 billion in 2000, compared with US$ 31 million in 1986.
Development factors.
China's biopharmaceutical industry is gradually expanding due to such favorable factors as China's rapid economic growth, people's higher income, and increasing understanding of and demand for biopharmaceutical. The biopharmaceutical industry has begun to play a more important role in national economy, drawing more attention from investors - both private and public.
Healthcare.
With the improvement of the health care system and people's rising awareness of disease treatment, more non-conservative treatment methods are used in clinical treatment, which has promoted the development of blood products. Currently, blood products frequently used in clinical treatment include over 20 types, belonging to such 3 sub-catalogues as human serum albumin, immunoglobulin and coagulation factors.
Vaccine.
The demand of charged vaccine has increased dramatically with the rising consumption power and health awareness of people so that charged vaccine market is expanding rapidly. Charged vaccine as a supplement to free vaccine program has promoted the rapid growth of domestic vaccine market, the external diagnostic reagent is becoming familiar with people owing to people's deeper understanding of catalogues and curative effect of biological drugs. Nowadays genetic drugs and antibody drugs are replacing the chemical drugs which have many side effects to cure the cancer patients, and this will bring more opportunities for cancer patients to survive.
Import and export.
The import and export volume of China's biopharmaceutical products was 377 million dollars in 2007, increased by 48% as compared with last year. The import volume reached 336 million dollars, increased by 51% as compared with 2006, and the export volume was 41 million dollars .
The growth rate of export volume in 2007 had declined from the level of 58% in 2006 to 26% in 2007. Although the export of China's biopharmaceutical industry constantly kept a high growth rate, the volume is very small compared with the import volume.
The export volume was only 41 million dollars in 2007 whereas the import volume added up to 336 million USD. This sharp contrast indicated that China's biopharmaceutical products accounted for a very low market ratio in international market.
Agricultural biotechnology.
China's Minister of Agriculture Du Qinglin stated in July 2006 that science and technology should contribute up to 63% of the growth of Chinese agriculture sector by 2020. The minister outlined five areas that will be the focus of China in attempt to take advantage of biotechnology in agriculture, including GM cotton and rice, safe farm products, agricultural equipment, and research institutions.[http://www.business-in-asia.com/china/china_biotech.htm]
State programs.
Approved in 1982 and implemented for three Five-year Plans, the program includes three major issues: agriculture, new and high technologies and social development. The research on biological technologies is focused on agricultural breeding, gene medicine, marine biological products and the industrialization on key technologies.
The program was approved in March 1986 (because of that date it is simply called "863"). Its objective was to develop frontier high technology to narrow the gap between China and developed countries. The program lists biotechnology as one of seven targeted areas. '863' is China's biggest S&T development program. The budget for the 863 program has been raised from RMB 5.9 billion in the past 15 years to RMB 15 billion for the 10th 5-Year-Plan (2001–2005).
Established in 1988, the Torch Program aims to commercialize China's new and high technologies. The program encourages to invest in China's high technology zones.
Established in 1986, the Spark Program was the first program to promote the development of rural economy by relying on science and technology. One of the main contents of the program is the development of high yield, high quality and high effective agricultural products.
Science parks and incubators.
Since the start of China's Torch Program in August 1988, 53 "National Science and Technology Industrial Parks" (STIPs) have been approved by the State Council (State-Level Hi-Tech and New Technology Zones). By 2000, there were altogether 20,796 enterprises in the STIPs.

</doc>
<doc id="19911795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911795" title="Benzylbutylbarbiturate">
Benzylbutylbarbiturate

Benzylbutylbarbiturate (5-benzyl- 5-(n)-butylbarbituric acid) is a rare example of a barbiturate designer drug, possibly the only such compound encountered in recent years.
It was confiscated by police in Japan in 2000, and presumably was a product of clandestine manufacture as this compound has never previously been sold as a legal pharmaceutical. As with all designer drugs, this compound was produced in an attempt to circumvent drug laws prohibiting the use of most known barbiturate drugs, however as the drug laws in many jurisdictions (including Japan) prohibit "any 5,5-disubstituted derivative of barbituric acid", this compound was deemed to be already illegal, despite being a novel compound which had not previously been encountered.
This compound was known from the scientific literature and so was not a new chemical entity.

</doc>
<doc id="19911830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911830" title="Operation Top Hat">
Operation Top Hat

Operation Top Hat was a "local field exercise" conducted by the United States Army Chemical Corps in 1953. The exercise involved the use of Chemical Corps personnel to test biological and chemical warfare decontamination methods. These personnel were deliberately exposed to these contaminants, so as to test decontamination.
Background.
In June 1953 the United States Army formally adopted guidelines regarding the use of human subjects in chemical, biological, or radiological testing and research. The guidelines were adopted per an Army Chief of Staff memo (MM 385) and closely mirrored the Nuremberg Code. These guidelines also required that all research projects involving human subjects receive approval from the Secretary of the Army. The guidelines, however, left a loophole; they did not define what types of experiments and tests required such approval from the secretary, thus encouraging "selective compliance" with the guidelines.
Tests.
Under the guidelines, seven research projects involving chemical weapons and human subjects were submitted by the Chemical Corps for Secretary of the Army approval in August 1953. One project involved vesicants, one involved phosgene, and five were experiments which involved nerve agents; all seven were approved. Operation Top Hat, however, was not among the projects submitted to the Secretary of the Army for approval.
Operation Top Hat was termed a "local field exercise" by the Army and took place from September 15–19, 1953 at the Army Chemical School at Fort McClellan, Alabama. In a 1975 Pentagon Inspector General's report, the military maintained Top Hat was not subject to the guidelines requiring approval because it was a "line of duty" exercise in the Chemical Corps. The experiments used Chemical Corps personnel to test decontamination methods for biological and chemical weapons, including sulfur mustard and nerve agents. Chemical Corps personnel participating in the tests were not volunteers and were not informed of the tests.

</doc>
<doc id="19911899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911899" title="Shoeburyness High School">
Shoeburyness High School

Shoeburyness High School is a secondary academy school in Southend-on-Sea, Essex. Unusually, it is one of the few partially selective schools in England. The high school celebrated its 70th anniversary in June 2009.
Shoeburyness High School is regarded as "Good with outstanding features" by Ofsted and has shown sustained improvement over the last 5 years. The school obtained its best ever results in the summer of 2010 with GCSE results just above the national average and the schools contextual value added score putting it in the top 25% of schools nationally.
Shoeburyness High School gained Technology College status in September 1999. Gaining Technology Status had been achieved by a community effort. As part of the plan, a CAD/CAM Centre was developed.
The school gained Leading Space Education School status in September 2008, and has since implemented a number of space-themed projects in Science, including the Year 8 Space Academy course and outreach work with local primary schools.
The school has a range of subjects that pupils can learn. In Key Stage 3 pupils learn the following subjects: Art, Design and technology, Drama, English, French, Geography, History, ICT, Maths, Music, Physical Education, Religious Education, Science and SCOPE (PSHE). In Key Stage 4 pupils then study English, Maths and Science as their three core GCSE subjects and others which can be chosen as their own options (GCSEs and BTECs are available). The school also has a Sixth Form College which takes on pupils for AS and A2 courses, as well as some BTEC courses. The Sixth Form offers a range of subjects into AS and A2 (and BTEC) some of which are Travel and Tourism, Business Studies, Film Studies, Performing Arts, Media Studies, Critical Thinking, History, Geography, Physical Education, English, Maths, Physics, Chemistry, Biology, ICT, Music, Music Technology among others. 
The school also offer an extended school service which has a range of activities for pupils of the school and other schools to attend.

</doc>
<doc id="19911916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911916" title="Ruth Marshall">
Ruth Marshall

Ruth Marshall is a Canadian actress from Toronto, Ontario. She is known for her role in the hit television series "Flashpoint". She graduated with a degree in English from McGill University in Montreal, Quebec and then returned to Toronto to pursue a career in acting.
She has appeared the television series "" and "Doc", for which she earned a Gemini Award nomination in 2003 for Best Performance by an Actress in a Featured Supporting Role in a Dramatic Series. She played herself in the television movie "The Path to 9/11". She was also in the films "Dolores Claiborne" and "Love and Human Remains" and Heartland. Her first screen appearance was in "The Myth of the Male Orgasm".

</doc>
<doc id="19911924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911924" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 70">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 70

The 70th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Montgomery County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="19911946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911946" title="Kenji Haga">
Kenji Haga


</doc>
<doc id="19911954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911954" title="Novel Romance">
Novel Romance

Novel Romance is an art-house romantic comedy 2006 film directed by Emily Skopov in her feature film directorial debut. It stars Traci Lords, Paul Johansson and Sherilyn Fenn. The film was shot in 2004 in Venice, Los Angeles, California, USA, and premiered on October 8, 2006, at the 2nd Annual LA Femme Film Festival.
Plot.
The film follows Max Normane, a successful literary editor, who wants to have a child alone. She offers to publish Jake Buckley (Paul Johansson), a struggling writer, in exchange for his sperm for artificial insemination. 
Festivals.
"Novel Romance" has been selected to screen at the following film festivals:

</doc>
<doc id="19911979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19911979" title="Resurrection Macabre">
Resurrection Macabre

Resurrection Macabre is the fifth studio album by Dutch technical death metal band Pestilence, which was released on March 16, 2009. It is the band's first album of original material in 16 years, since 1993's "Spheres". Re-recordings of "Chemo Therapy" from "Malleus Maleficarum", "Out of the Body" from "Consuming Impulse", and "Lost Souls" from "Testimony of the Ancients" appear as bonus tracks on the album. 
History.
Pestilence were broken up between 1994 and early 2008. In January 2008, frontman Patrick Mameli revealed to Blabbermouth.net that the band was resurrected after "people/fans keep asking me for this. The time is right now and Mascot is giving me the opportunity to do so. As you know, I have always been the driving force behind Pestilence, writing all the music and so forth, so that I can state: I will bring back Pestilence to life. More tech and way more brutal than ever before."
In October 2008, Mameli revealed to UK's "Terrorizer" magazine that Pestilence would enter a studio in Denmark on October 17 with both the producers. By October 31, Mameli states, "everything will have to be recorded and mixed. Then the album will come out somewhere around March 2009. And by April, we'll do a three-week European tour before doing as much shows as possible on the summer festivals circuit."
Track listing.
All music and lyrics by Mamelli.

</doc>
<doc id="19912008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19912008" title="Gibson Citation">
Gibson Citation

The Gibson Citation was a top-of-the-line archtop guitar, introduced in 1969 by Gibson and still available (as of 2013) from the Gibson Custom Shop on special order. It had a 17" full-depth body with figured maple back and sides and a carved maple or spruce top with fancy inlays. The neck was made of figured maple or mahogany. The Citation was typically equipped with a gold-covered floating BJB pickup, and was available in natural and sunburst finishes. Only about eight to ten Citation guitars were shipped during the original production run, which ended in 1971.
Gibson reissued the Citation with the same specifications and features in 1979, and again discontinued it in 1983. In 1993, Gibson introduced another reissue of the Citation. It is now part of Gibson's Historic Collection.
The Citation is considered one of Gibson's finest and most beautiful hand-made carved guitars.

</doc>
<doc id="19912013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19912013" title="Slov-Air">
Slov-Air

Slov-Air (also styled Slov Air or Slovair) was an airline from Czechoslovakia (respectively Slovakia following the dissolution), which provided services for agriculture, civil engineering and the industry.
History.
The roots of the airline can be traced back until the 1924, when the Bata Shoe company began to build up an in-house airline for its corporate travel demand, operating small aircraft or gyrocopters like the Cierva C.30. Following the establishing of communism in Czechoslovakia in 1948, Bata Shoes was nationalised, and the airline was re-organized as Svitlet. 
When in 1950 CSA was established as state airline of Czechoslovakia, Svitlet was transformed into a CSA-department, operating as Agrolet henceforth. In 1955, Agrolet became independent again as a utility airline mainly for agricultural flights. It operated out of Prague Ruzyně Airport using a fleet of the following aircraft types:
On 1 January 1969, Agrolet was renamed Slov-Air and moved its headquarters to Bratislava, catering for the demands of the Slovak part of the country. Starting in 1972, the helicopter fleet was modernised with Mi-8s.
Following the Velvet Revolution in 1989 and the dissolution of Czechoslovakia in 1993, it was initially intended to transform Slov-Air in the flag carrier of Slovakia. These plans were dropped, when with Slovak Airlines an all-new state airline was created in 1995. Slov-Air was dismantled over the following years and split up into several independent companies for agricultural, medical, military and passenger services, most notably Aero Slovakia. The airline license of Slov-Air was officially revoked only in 2001, though.

</doc>
<doc id="19912015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19912015" title="Da'unda'dogg">
Da'unda'dogg

Da'unda'dogg (born Troy Deon Reddick) is an American recording artist, producer and CEO of Cavvy R. Records. In addition he owns Da'unda'dogg clothing company and was once Co-CEO of Thizz Entertainment.
Born and raised in the Watts area of Los Angeles, California and venturing to the Country Club Crest in Vallejo, California at the age of 15, Da'unda'dogg has been a major figure on the underground west-coast music scene since the mid 80's. Gaining national recognition after being featured on the single "California Livin", in 1990 with Mac Dre.
Also known as Coolio or Coolio-Da'unda'dogg,(Not to be confused with the other Coolio), he has released 10 solo albums to date and has a catalog of over 30 releases by his label. He has produced songs for or worked with artist such as Mac Dre, Dubee, Mac Mall, Spice 1, Kid Frost, Baby Bash, San Quinn, Brotha Lynch Hung, N2Deep, Gonzoe, Yukmouth and J-Diggs, all of which who have or has had major label exposure.
Biography.
Early years.
Originally from the Watts, area of Los Angeles, Da'unda'dogg was abandoned by his father Eddie Reddick Jr. at birth. His father was a member of the Los Angeles based R&B group, The L.A. Boppers, also known as Side effect. The second oldest of six siblings, Da'unda'dogg got involved in drugs and gangs early on. While he was attending Jordan High School in Los Angeles his mother decided it would be best for the family to relocate to Vallejo in the Bay Area. There he attended Peoples High School in which he dropped out in the 11th Grade due to his high involvement in illegal street activity. He became known to law officials as a member or affiliate of the Grape Street Crips and of the Romper Room Crew, which police dubbed as the Romper Room Gang. In 1992, Da'unda'dogg was indicted on federal charges for armed bank robbery and eventually sentenced to 5 years in prison. Landing him and his crew on a List of famous bank robbers and robberies. While incarcerated Da'unda'dogg earned his high school diploma and attended college classes offered through Southwest Baptist University in Missouri. He was released from Leavenworth Penitentiary in late 1996 and began to spark back his music career.
More recently, BET featured Da'unda'dogg along with the Romper Room Crew on an episode of its popular television reality series American Gangster, which aired Jan. 15th,2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19912020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19912020" title="Bad Sister">
Bad Sister

Bad Sister is the first album released by Roxanne Shanté. The album was released October 31, 1989, on Cold Chillin' Records and was produced by Marley Marl. The album was a minor success, peaking at #52 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19912066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19912066" title="New York City International Airport">
New York City International Airport

New York City International Airport may refer to one of the following airports:

</doc>
<doc id="19912069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19912069" title="List of regional animation festivals">
List of regional animation festivals

This is a list of past and present regional animation festivals. These festivals include only animation and generally limit their submissions to a particular region of the world, or even a single country. They often show a program of independent, student, and commercial work.

</doc>
<doc id="19912082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19912082" title="Daniel Smith (artist)">
Daniel Smith (artist)

Daniel Smith is an American painter who resides in Bozeman, Montana. He is most known for his realism of wildlife.
In 1988, Smith won the US Federal Duck Stamp with a painting of a snow goose.
Painting full-time for over twenty years, the artist's works are in collections including The Hiram Blauvelt Art Museum, Leigh Yawkey Woodson Art Museum and The Wildlife Experience. Smith is in the annual Western Visions exhibit at the National Museum of Wildlife Art and Masters of the American West exhibit at the Autry National Center. He has been awarded by the Society of animal artists. Through his art, the artist endorses and aids many conservation efforts. Nature is the sole inspiration for his fruitful career.
References.
Born 1978

</doc>
<doc id="19912088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19912088" title="EWS (disambiguation)">
EWS (disambiguation)

EWS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19912128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19912128" title="Providence Airport">
Providence Airport

Providence Airport was an airfield operational in the mid-20th century in Seekonk, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="19912134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19912134" title="Mahmoud al-Radi">
Mahmoud al-Radi

Mahmoud Mohammed al-Radhi is an Iraqi politician from the religious Shia Arab-led Supreme Islamic Iraqi Council, and the Minister of Labour and Social Affairs since May 2006.
In June 2007, he strongly criticised the United States Army for publishing pictures of severely malnourished children in a Baghdad orphanage. He accused the soldiers of setting up the photographs and using tricks to ""show the Americans as the humanitarian party"". He said it was ""a media fabrication exploited by forces opposed to the government"".
In October 2008 he was attacked in a suicide car bombing which killed eight passers by.

</doc>
<doc id="19912142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19912142" title="Whole Travel">
Whole Travel

Whole Travel is a travel search engine website based in United States. Launched in 2008, it aggregates information from thousands of other travel sites and evaluates each destination's sustainability in order to help users find and book sustainable vacations. Whole Travel combines search results from hotel websites, online travel agencies, local consolidators and other sources such as larger hotel chains.
Whole Travel does not sell directly to the consumer; rather, it aggregates results from other sites then redirects the visitor to one of these sites to complete their bookings. Thus, Whole Travel makes money from pay per click advertising, when the consumer clicks-through to one of the supplier websites. In addition, Whole Travel offers hotels and resorts the option to use a subscription model that provides entry into the online travel market.
The company was established in September 2006 by a group of recent college graduates from Stanford University. It is headquartered in Palo Alto, California and works with partners in every region of the world. It received a warm welcome at launch, with articles in media sources including the Los Angeles Times and TechCrunch.
Whole Ranking.
Whole Ranking is a metric for comparing the sustainability of multiple hotels. The system was developed by Whole Travel in conjunction with non-profit organizations such as Rainforest Alliance and academics at Stanford University. Each hotel receives a Level 1-5 ranking based on their sustainability practices in four key areas:
Environmental Management.
Economic Management. 
Customer Interaction. 
Social and Cultural Support.
Whole Travel Foundation.
During the summer of 2008, Whole Travel Foundation was formed in order to actively improve sustainability in travel and tourism worldwide. Instead of being constrained by Whole Travel's growth, the foundation was set up as a 501(c)(3) organization and actively seeks funds in order to complete sustainability projects around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="19912170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19912170" title="José Martí MAST 6-12 Academy">
José Martí MAST 6-12 Academy

José Martí MAST 6-12 Academy, also known as JMMA 6-12 or MAST 3 is a magnet school incorporating grades 6 through 12 in Hialeah, Florida. Established in 1987 as José Martí Middle School, it introduced its magnet program with a high school expansion in 2011.
The school operates with an 8 periods, with 4 even-period classes on one day, and 4 odd-period classes on the other, to allow students to take extra electives.
History.
The school was established in 1987 as José Martí Middle School, by José Enriquez, Sr., the school's first principal. Eventually, Enriquez's son become the principal of the school. In 2010, the school earned over $6,000 by saving energy, which they used to help tutor students.
After the superintedent of M-DCPS opened a MAST in Homestead, he decided to "franchise" MAST Academy. Following this, José Martí was converted to a magnet high school in August 2011, with 6th through 9th grades present in the 2011-2012 school year. In November 2011, the school became one of three schools, the other two being EA and Hialeah Middle, to be enrolled into the Afterschool Nutrition Program. In May 2013, the CED visited MAST. The 2013-2014 school year marked the first school year in which both the middle and high schools were converted to a whole magnet school.
Awards & Honors.
In the 2012-13 school year, MAST was named a Merit School of Excellence, and had seven students place 1st to 3rd in several categories for the
Youth Crime Watch of Miami-Dade County, FL Poster and Essay Contests. In 2013, a student at the school was awarded the Innovative Engineering Second Award from the National Society of Professional Engineers.
Education.
As the MAST (Mathematics and Science Technology) name implies, the school centers its focus around mathematics and science classes, or STEM classes.
Martí MAST integrates and combines the middle school and high school into one building. The high school has three academies for its students to choose from: the Life Science Academy, the Physical Science Academy, and Mathematics/Computer Science.
The school collaborates with several organizations, universities, and partners such as Florida International University, Zoo Miami, and the LARC Technical Institute. The school is a "No Excuses University" school, as well, having even visited Florida International University as part of FIU and McDonald's initiative.
The school connects with its students through social media outlets such as Twitter, Edmodo, and personal teacher websites.
School grades.
Martí Middle.
Since the 2001-02 school year, José Martí Middle was consistent in scoring a "C" grade, achieving the grade 8 out of 12 years.
Martí MAST.
In the short history of the MAST Academy, the school has never achieved a school grade lower than an "A".

</doc>
<doc id="19912197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19912197" title="Second to None (Chemistry album)">
Second to None (Chemistry album)

Second to None is an album by the Japanese R&B duo Chemistry, released on January 8, 2003 by Sony Music Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19912212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19912212" title="Poole–Frenkel effect">
Poole–Frenkel effect

In solid-state physics, the Poole–Frenkel effect (also known as Frenkel-Poole emission) is a means by which an electrical insulator can conduct electricity. It is named after Yakov Frenkel, who published on it in 1938, and also after H. H. Poole (Horace Hewitt Poole, 1886-1962), Ireland.
Electrons can move (slowly) through an insulator by the following method. The electrons are generally trapped in localized states (loosely speaking, they are "stuck" to a single atom, and not free to move around the crystal). Occasionally, random thermal fluctuations will give that electron enough energy to get out of its localized state, and move to the conduction band. Once there, the electron can move through the crystal, for a brief amount of time, before relaxing into another localized state (in other words, "sticking" to a different atom). The Poole–Frenkel effect describes how, in a large electric field, the electron doesn't need as much thermal energy to get into the conduction band (because part of this energy comes from being pulled by the electric field), so it does not need as large a thermal fluctuation and will be able to move more frequently.
Taking everything into account (both the frequency with which electrons get excited into the conduction band, and their motion once they're there), the standard quantitative expression for the Poole–Frenkel effect is:
where:

</doc>
<doc id="19912256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19912256" title="List of films shot in Sonora, California">
List of films shot in Sonora, California

A list of films and television series shot in or near Sonora, California:

</doc>
<doc id="19912267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19912267" title="Morel-Fatio">
Morel-Fatio

Morel-Fatio may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19912286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19912286" title="One X One">
One X One

One X One is an album by the Japanese R&B duo Chemistry, released on February 18, 2004, by Sony Music Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19912308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19912308" title="Cherry Twister">
Cherry Twister

Cherry Twister was a power pop band consisting of musicians Steve Ward, Ross Sackler and Michael Giblin. The band began early 1993 from the ashes of Harrisburg-based band 23 Skidoo which included Steve Ward, Ross Sackler, Dave Sheaffer and Joe Pisapia. Pisapia went on to form Nashville-based Joe, Marc's Brother. Ward and Sackler recorded their lo-fi bedroom-recording and was released on Planet Earthy in 1993; guitarist Michael Giblin signed on for the follow-up, 1999's At Home With Cherry Twister. Their second CD, "At Home With Cherry Twister" gained an entry in the Top 200 powerpop lists of 1999.
Steve Ward moved to a solo career, recording several CDs. Mike Giblin moved on to Parallax Project and has released three CDs titled Oblivious, Perpetual Limbo and I Hate Girls. Ross Sackler joined up with Dave Aufiero and John Fritchey from The Polins and Mike Pasariello from Wayne Supergenius to form Peabody and released a self-titled CD.
On Saturday, February 19, 2011, Cherry Twister reunited on stage for the first time in 13 years to perform at the 2nd Annual Susan Giblin Foundation For Animal Wellness and Welfare Benefit to a sold-out capacity crowd.
Albums.
Cherry Twister.
First album, 1993, self-titled.
Track listing
At Home With Cherry Twister.
Track listing
Compilation albums.
Come and Get It: A Tribute to Badfinger.
Track listing
Yellow Pills, Vol. 3.
Track listing
"Bucketfull of Brains", 50th Anniversary CD.
Track listing
Coming up! Independent artists pay tribute to the music of Paul McCartney.
Track listing
References.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="19912320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19912320" title="Vehicle registration plates of Israel">
Vehicle registration plates of Israel

An Israeli vehicle registration plate, or an Israeli license plate, is a vehicle registration plate, a metal or plastic plate or plates attached to a motor vehicle or trailer, used in Israel for official identification purposes.
Israeli registration plates are issued by various approved licensing firms, like Dinamometer, and according to Specification no. 327 of the Standards Institute of Israel.
Most regulations regarding Israeli vehicle registration plates are listed among the transport regulations, issued by the Ministry of Transportation. These regulations define the proper placement of the plates, as well as other issues concerning the usage of the plates.
Appearance.
Civil registration plates.
Israeli civil registration plates are rectangular with reflecting yellow background and embossed with black registration number. Under the first dash of the registration number (see below form of registration numbers) there is a stamp of approval of the Standards Institute of Israel. On the left side of the plate there is a blue rectangle embossed with the Israeli flag and beneath it the letters "IL" and Israel written in Hebrew and Arabic. Old plates do not hold this blue rectangle.
In American standard plates, the digits are narrower and the blue rectangle is at the bottom of the 
plate, as the letters are to the right of the flag.
Current civil registration numbers consist of seven digits, which are separated by dashes: one between the second and third digits and another between the fifth and sixth digits. Older registration numbers, which are still seen Israel, consist of five or six digits with one dash placed prior to the last three digits. Usually, vehicles of the same importer have the two last digits in common. Special numbers consisting of identical digits or other patterns, may be granted as a premium by the dealership.
While the vehicle registration numbers of taxis in Israel always end with 25, the last two digits of buses vary, although many end with 01. Many police car numbers end in 00, as well as many trucks. Plate numbers ending with 3x, 4x, and 9x are reserved for Vehicle registration plates of the Palestinian territories, with the exception of 30 (cars that previously had black military plates), and 35-36 (cars registered in late 2001-early 2002).
Antique vehicles, which in Israel are vehicles over 30 years of age, may be specifically registered and carry special registration plates, which in addition to the registration number contain the words ""Rehev Asfanut"" (lit. "collectibles" vehicle). These vehicles, exempt from annual registration costs, may not be driven before 9am. Since February 2011, self-imported antique vehicles are allocated a number plate with the 55 suffix.
Regulations.
Regulations no. 300-301 state that every vehicle registered in Israel must carry two registration plates, installed on the front and rear ends of the vehicle (one on each) in the designated places by the manufacturer, or otherwise determined by the Licensing Authority. Motorcycles, trailers, semi-trailers, bicycles and tricycles must carry one plate only, installed on the rear end. 
Registration plates must always be clean and must not be obscured by freight. 
A damaged or vandalized registration plate must be replaced with a new one.
It is prohibited to remove a plate except for its replacement. It is also prohibited to add details to a plate, change its color or blur it.
A vehicle registered in Israel is allowed to carry Israeli plates only.
A registration plate in a motor vehicle must be illuminated, so it can be read from a distance of 20 meters (66 ft) in daylight and fair weather.
Electronic toll collection.
When driving on an electronic toll collection route in Israel like Highway 6, the vehicle registration plate is electro-optically read at the entrance and exit from the route. Later, a clerk will manually enter the data into the database and subsequently, an invoice sent to the address of the owner of the vehicle, as it is registered in the database of the Ministry of Transportation.

</doc>
<doc id="19912348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19912348" title="The Way We Are (Chemistry album)">
The Way We Are (Chemistry album)

The Way We Are is an album by the Japanese R&B duo Chemistry, released on November 7, 2001 by Sony Music Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19912414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19912414" title="Thompson Peak (Idaho)">
Thompson Peak (Idaho)

Thompson Peak, at above sea level is the highest peak in the Sawtooth Range of Idaho. The summit of Thompson Peak is located within Custer County, although some of the lower portion of the mountain is in Boise County. Thompson Peak is also located within the Sawtooth Wilderness portion of the Sawtooth National Recreation Area, a unit of Sawtooth National Forest. The town of Stanley, Idaho is about northeast of Thompson Peak.
Redfish Lake, Little Redfish Lake, and the visitor services at these locations are only a few miles from Thompson Peak. Directly to the north is neighboring Williams Peak, while Mickey's Spire is to the south-southwest.
There are a total of four routes to the top of Thompson Peak: South Couloir - , Southwest Couloir - 5.2, Northeast Face - 5.8, West Crack - 5.2. The easiest way to access Thompson Peak is from the Redfish Lake trailhead and to take the Fishhook Creek Trail to the Alpine Way Trail. From there, follow the Alpine Way Trail to the base of Williams Peak before going off trail up to an unnamed lake to the northeast of Thompson Peak. Then, head up to the saddle between Thompson and Williams Peaks before making the class 3 scramble on the west-southwest side of the peak that begins on the Thompson-Mickey's Spire saddle.

</doc>
<doc id="19912421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19912421" title="Black Water Transit">
Black Water Transit

Black Water Transit is a 2009 crime drama film based on the novel of the same name by Carsten Stroud. It is directed by Tony Kaye and stars an ensemble cast including Laurence Fishburne and Karl Urban.
Plot.
In post-Katrina New Orleans, shipping executive Jack Vermillion (Fishburne) finds himself getting more than he bargained for after agreeing to help feds expose smuggler and all-around bad seed Earl Pike (Urban).
Cast.
At various points in the film's development, Bruce Willis, Vin Diesel and Samuel L. Jackson were attached to star.
Production.
Filming took place in and around New Orleans between June and August 2007. Filming locations included the French Quarter, the 9th Ward and Local Military Installations.

</doc>
<doc id="19912427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19912427" title="Harold Loukes">
Harold Loukes

Harold Loukes (died 7 August 1980) was a British academic in India and at the University of Oxford.
Life.
Loukes was educated at the Central Secondary School in Sheffield before studying English at Jesus College, Oxford. He obtained a first-class degree in 1934 and then spent 10 years teaching at the University of Delhi and at the New School in Darjeeling, where he was headmaster. In 1945 he returned to Britain, teaching for four years before being appointed a lecturer in the Department of Education of the University of Oxford. In 1951, he was promoted to Reader in Education; he spent a total of 30 years in the department. In addition to his publications, he was a magistrate and member of Oxford City Education Committee. He died on 7 August 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="19912432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19912432" title="Friedrich Ernst Ruhkopf">
Friedrich Ernst Ruhkopf

Friedrich Ernst Ruhkopf (Latin: Fridericus Ernestus Ruhkopf; 1760 – 1821) was a German philologist and educator born near Hildesheim.
Ruhkopf was a schoolteacher in Ruppin, and in 1794 was appointed rector at Bielefeld. From 1815 to 1821 he was director of the Lyceum in Hanover. He is remembered for his work in classical philology, in particular, his four-volume edition of Seneca's ""Opera omnia quae supersunt"" (1797-1811). Among his better known publications are the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19912446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19912446" title="Between the Lines (Chemistry album)">
Between the Lines (Chemistry album)

Between the Lines is an album by the Japanese R&B duo Chemistry, released on June 18, 2003 by Sony Music Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="19912482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19912482" title="Uncial 0135">
Uncial 0135

Uncial 0135 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 85 (Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 9th century. 
Description.
The codex contains a fragments of the Matthew, Mark, and Luke, on 16 parchment leaves (14.3 cm by 12.5 cm). It is written in two columns per page, 20 lines per page, in uncial letters. It has breathings and accents.
The text is divided according to the κεφαλαια ("chapters") whose numbers are given at the margin, with their τιτλοι ("titles") at the top of the pages. There is also another division according to the smaller Ammonian Sections, but without references to the Eusebian Canons. It contains lectionary markings at the margin. 
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 9th century.
It is a palimpsest, the upper text was overwritten in 1415, it contains "Erotemata grammaticalia" () written by Manuel Moschopoulos. 
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Kurt Aland placed it in Category V.
The codex is located now at the Biblioteca Ambrosiana (Q. 6 sup., fol. 15. 18. 31. 34. 47. 50. 62. 65) in Milan.
There is inscription on folio 4 verso „Ex dono Io. Baptistae Portae Neapoli V. Clarissimi”. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1886.

</doc>
<doc id="19912483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19912483" title="All's Faire in Love">
All's Faire in Love

"All's Faire in Love" is a 2009 romantic comedy film directed by Scott Marshall and written by R. A. White and Jeffrey Ray Wine. The film stars Owen Benjamin as Will, a college student who is assigned to work at a renaissance fair by his professor (Cedric the Entertainer) after missing several classes, and Christina Ricci as Kate, an investment banker who leaves her job to work at the fair.
The film was shot primarily at the Michigan Renaissance Festival. Local residents, costumed participants and fairegoers were used as extras.
The film was originally titled "Ye Olde Times" with Jack Black in the lead but was turned into a romantic comedy and renamed in late September 2008.
Release.
The film premiered on the grounds of the Michigan Renaissance Festival on September 30, 2009. Two years later, the film was released to Regal Entertainment theaters on October 28, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19912525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19912525" title="Nua Mailo Saoluaga">
Nua Mailo Saoluaga

Nua Mailo Saoluaga (born ?) is an American Samoan politician. He served as the Speaker of the American Samoa House of Representatives from 1997 until 2002.
Saoluaga was a candidate for Lieutenant Governor of American Samoa in the 2008 gubernatorial elections held on November 4, 2008. He was the running mate of Utu Abe Malae.
Biography.
Early life.
Saoluaga was born and raised in Manu'a. He attended elementary school and high school in American Samoa.
He first received an Associate of Arts degree from Mari Costa Junior College in Oceanside, California, in 1971. Saoluaga further continued his education, obtaining his bachelor's of science degree criminology and law enforcement in 1974 from California State University, Long Beach.
Saoluaga worked in several American Samoan government departments and agencies between 1975 and 1980.
Political career.
Saoluaga was first elected to the American Samoa House of Representatives in 1981. He would be elected to represent Manu'a District Number One in the House for much of the next two decades.
He briefly left the House, but was re-elected again in 1985 and served continuously in that office until 2002. Saoluaga served as the Speaker of the House from 1997 until 2002 during his tenure in office. He left office in 2002, but returned again to the American Samoa Fono from 2005 until 2006.
2008 Lt. Governor candidacy.
Utu Abe Malae, the former head of the Development Bank of American Samoa and gubernatorial candidate, chose Saoluaga as his running mate for Lieutenant Governor in the 2008 election for Governor of American Samoa. Malae and Saoluaga formally announced their candidacy for governor and lt. governor at the Maliu Mai Beach Resort on June 10, 2008. Malae cited Saoluaga's legislative career, which complimented his management experience, as the reason that the two decided to run as a team.
Malae and Saoluaga cited education and healthcare as their top priorities in their campaign. Malae and Saoluaga lost to Governor Tulafono in a gubernatorial runoff election held on November 18, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19912532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19912532" title="City on Fire (Desperate Housewives)">
City on Fire (Desperate Housewives)

"City on Fire" is the 95th episode of the ABC television series, "Desperate Housewives". It is the eighth episode of the show's fifth season and aired on November 16, 2008.
Plot.
Julie Mayer (Andrea Bowen) returns to Wisteria Lane to introduce her boyfriend Lloyd (Steven Weber) to Susan. Susan disapproves of Lloyd due to the steep age difference between him and Julie, while Julie approves of Jackson. Susan becomes even more concerned when she learns Julie's boyfriend has been married three times. Susan is surprised to see he has a diamond ring and plans on surprising Julie with a proposal. She exposes Lloyd's plans, ruining the surprise. However Julie rejects his proposal, revealing that she does not ever intend to get married. Susan confronts Julie after the incident, and Julie confesses that she feels that marriage is a joke after witnessing Susan's two marriages fail.
Lynette learns from Preston about Porter's plans to leave Fairview with Anne, due to her being pregnant. Lynette makes her way to Anne's house where she confronts her about her pregnancy. Unfortunately Anne's husband Warren overhears and asks Lynette to leave. As Lynette remembers what Porter said to her about Anne's husband's violent nature, she makes her way back to the house where a bloody Anne is on the floor after a bashing by her husband. In an attempt to save Anne, Lynette throws a candlestick at Anne's husband and tells him to back off. The husband leaves the kitchen and Lynette attends to Anne who thanks Lynette for coming to her side. Porter is furious about Anne being injured, and he goes to the club to initiate a fight with Warren, which is prevented by Lynette.
Gaby is unhappy when she finds Virginia visiting her family again and reminds Carlos that his job has been regained and they are no longer in need of her. Carlos then reveals to Gaby that Virginia has left the Solises her fortune in her will, which prompts Gaby to get onto Virginia's good side. As Gaby is leaving to go to the club, Virginia drops by to fetch her with her limousine and later insists Gaby's daughters attend a private school. Furious at being told how to raise her kids, Gaby rejects Virginia's offers. Despite the argument between them, Gaby later helps Virginia out of the burning club.
Sandra Birch (Rachael Harris), a reporter, hopes to expose the truth about Bree's imperfections and learns about Orson being in jail, Bree's first husband Rex being involved in S&M and her failure as a mother. After Sandra accuses Bree of writing her cookbook to make her seem a like a high power to other housewives, Bree argues that the book is to encourage women to feel that they can get one thing right, "even if it is just a casserole". Sandra asks why Bree didn't just tell her this in the first place because it is an angle she can work with.
There is a big fire at a club where the men's garage band is playing in Battle of the Bands. One of the other bands competing is known as Cold Splash (played by the members of the Canadian indie rock band Tokyo Police Club). Most residents of Wisteria Lane will be present. Earlier that day, Dr. Heller asks whether Dave is in Fairview, and Dave assures him that everything is fine. Dr. Heller then comes to the club and after confronting Dave again, sits down and realizes that Dave's target is in the band. He demands to speak to Dave, threatening to call the police. Dave agrees and takes him to the storage room, ultimately killing his doctor by choking him to death, and lights a fire to cover up his act. While the band is playing, Edie notices the fire and everyone begins to quickly exit the nightclub. However, they discover the emergency exit is locked, so Dave helps everyone escape by breaking the window with a bar stool. Mike goes to the bathroom to find Jackson, who noticed the fire and escaped earlier. When Dave realizes that Mike is still in the club, he runs back in and saves him. Dave emerges as the hero bringing Mike out of the fire after Mike went to look for Jackson. When Mike is unconscious on the gurney, he tells Mike to "Hang in there. I'm not done with you yet". Anne's husband Warren, who is owner of the burnt down nightclub, blames Porter. Six people are killed in the fire, with one more later dying in hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="19912542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19912542" title="List of Queer as Folk characters">
List of Queer as Folk characters

This is a list of characters in the Showtime series "Queer as Folk". The characters are listed alphabetically by their last name or by the name which appears in the episode credits.
Drew Boyd.
Drew Boyd is the quarterback of the fictional Pittsburgh Ironmen. He was introduced in season four when he hired Emmett Honeycutt to cater the party for his engagement to his girlfriend, Sierra. At the party Drew and his teammates make disparaging homophobic remarks about Emmett and a waiter, and Emmett confronts him about it. The next day, when Emmett visits Drew's house to pick up his check, Drew becomes aggressively flirtatious and the two have sex on the living room floor.
Although Drew and Emmett continue the affair, Drew does not identify as gay, instead thinking of himself as just a man who occasionally enjoys sex with other men (or possibly on the down-low). Over time, however, his feelings for Emmett become less purely sexual and more romantic. Drew even allows Emmett to persuade him to model in a Brown Athletics underwear campaign for Brian's agency Kinnetik. Despite an agreement that Emmett must never show up at Drew's games, Emmett accompanies Ted to the Ironmen stadium. Unfortunately, they run into Drew's fiancée who is delighted to see Emmett and brings them to the locker room. Drew breaks off the affair, but later seeks to resume it, admitting to missing Emmett. However, Emmett turns him down when Drew reveals he still intends to marry Sierra and keep the affair up.
In season five, Emmett receives anonymous phone calls and believes he is being stalked. It turns out to be a panicking Drew, who was being threatened with being outed by a tabloid. Drew appears on the news station that employs Emmett for an interview and comes out, kissing Emmett on live television and losing each of them their jobs. Drew and Emmett resume their relationship and Drew is eventually picked back up by the Ironmen after they lose several games in a row.
The relationship finally ends on a bittersweet note when Emmett spots Drew flirting with another man. Rather than being angry or jealous, Emmett recognizes that Drew, being so newly out, needs time to explore his new-found gay world.
Ben Bruckner.
Benjamin "Ben" Novotny-Bruckner ("né" Bruckner) (Portrayed by Robert Gant) became a main character during season two, when he is the first customer in Michael Novotny's comic book store. The two begin to date, but Michael decides to stop after finding out that Ben is HIV positive. After several failed attempts at dating other men, Michael realizes he loves Ben, and that he will have to accept his HIV status. 
As a couple, Michael and Ben have their fair share of fights. A story arc involved Ben turning to steroids after learning that the man who gave him HIV died, which led to Michael threatening to infect himself with Ben's used needle in order to get Ben to stop. 
When Michael and Justin get a deal for their movie, Ben becomes extremely envious, mainly because his book can't get published. Michael also experiences some reservations with Ben wanting to keep Hunter at their house, but eventually Michael grows to accept Hunter and the couple later legally adopt him in the series finale. 
During the fourth season, Ben and Michael are in Canada in Toronto for the start of the Liberty Ride. On the bus ride up to Canada Ben asks Michael to be his husband. The two get married, and they experience trouble in returning to the United States as their marriage will not be recognized once they return. Ben and Michael had applied for re-entry in to the States on single form as spouses. They were told that they had to fill out two forms. Michael's mother Debbie was next in line and took it upon herself to tell the customs officer off in her own special way.
In season five, Ben and Michael move into a house on a traditional street, to which Brian accuses them of being 'conformist homosexuals'. This does not matter to the couple who are proud of their new home and two children. However, this does not last long as after Hunter's HIV status is revealed at school and his ex-girlfriend gets another boyfriend, he leaves home. Ben becomes extremely distraught and angry with both Michael and himself, until they receive an E-mail from Hunter a few weeks later. Ben tirelessly parades to stop 'proposition 14', which will take away all gay rights.
Dr. David Cameron.
Dr. David Cameron (or Dr. David, as he is commonly referred to by the other characters) is Michael's main love interest for all of season one. 
He was previously married but was later divorced, and he also has a son, Hank (portrayed by Ryan Cooley in one episode). David meets Michael after he injures his back working at the Q Mart. David is the chiropractor Michael is referred to, and later, when he sees Michael back at the Q Mart, asks him out, and the two begin to date, and eventually Michael moves in with David.
Nevertheless, they are almost constantly at odds with each other. For example, at one point, Dr. David is jealous of the relationship Michael has with Brian, and at one point forbids him from seeing Brian again. Michael, on the other hand, is put off by David's willingness to do everything, such as pay for dinner at restaurants, and at one point, Michael found out that David was not cashing the checks he was giving him to cover his share of their household expenses.
Michael often finds himself intimidated by the lavish lifestyle that Dr. David leads. 
At the end of the first season, Dr. David decides to move back to Portland, Oregon to be with his son, and invites Michael to come with him. Michael was originally going to leave with him, but briefly stays behind after learning of the assault on Justin. In the Second Season it is revealed that Michael did follow Dr. David to Portland. During the first episode of season 2, Michael returns to Pittsburgh for a visit, and after Emmett catches him having sex with another man, he confesses that he and Dr. David are no longer together. Dr. David is neither seen nor heard from again for the rest of the series, although in Season 2, Ted told a character with back pains that he "knows a good chiropractor," and, later, at one point in Season 3, Emmett, after sleeping on Michael's couch all night, stated that he needed a chiropractor. He then looked at Michael and apologized.
Daphne Chanders.
Daphne Chanders appears in all five seasons, but is most prominently featured during the first two. She is Justin Taylor's best friend, and the first person who he comes out to. She is Justin's confidante for most of the first season, especially during the time his parents are in the middle of a messy divorce. Toward the end of the first season, she asks Justin to "be her first," and the two have sex. Later, Daphne becomes romantically interested in Justin, causing some tension between them. Justin tells her that even though they had sex together, he is not in love with her. However, Daphne reminds Justin that he once experienced the same feelings toward Brian Kinney as she is now feeling. The two reconcile and go as dates to their high school prom.
Daphne and Justin attend different colleges, and Justin sleeps at her apartment when he is fighting with Brian. He also lives with her briefly after he breaks up with Ethan while trying to get back with Brian. She is seen briefly in the fifth season talking to Justin while they are babysitting Michael's daughter Jenny Rebecca and in the final episode is mentioned as helping him find a place to stay in New York. 
Vic Grassi.
Victor Antonio "Vic" Grassi (1951–2004) (or 'Uncle Vic' as other characters called him) is Debbie Novotny's brother and Michael Novotny's uncle. He is old enough to remember and enjoy the decadence of the post-Stonewall/pre-AIDS gay culture of the 1970s and early 1980s. 
Before the start of the series, Vic, who is HIV-positive, emerged from a lengthy hospital stay and joined Debbie on a trip to Italy, expecting to die before having to pay any credit card bills from their vacation.
For the first three seasons of the show, Vic lives with Debbie in her house. She helps Vic manage his medications, while Vic contributes his disability check to cover his portion of the household expenses. Vic gives Justin his ID card to get into Babylon in one of the first episodes, saying that he had "paid his dues" and doubts he will need it again. Despite those words, Vic visits at Babylon on several later occasions. 
Vic is arrested for solicitation in the men's room at a mall during the first season. He is eventually cleared of the charges when it is determined that the arresting officer had entrapped him.
Vic works at the Liberty Diner with Debbie for a short time, after learning that his disability payments might be cut off. Having previously had a career as a pastry chef, he finds it difficult to adjust to his role as a short-order cook. In the second season, Debbie berates Vic when he can not manage to make a wedding cake for Lindsay and Melanie on short notice. Vic responds by channeling his anger into accomplishing the task. When Justin questions Debbie about this, she explains that she used a similar strategy to get Vic to fight to stay alive: "I just kept screaming at him, 'So fucking die already!'" 
During the third season, Emmett hires Vic to assist him with his event planning business. Vic meets Rodney, and they begin to develop a relationship. During the fourth season, Vic moves out of Debbie's house to live with Rodney. Debbie, mad at not being invited to a dinner party, gets into a huge argument with him. The following morning, Michael comes to visit Vic and finds he has died of a heart attack due to complications from his HIV medications. His death leaves Debbie feeling extremely guilty. She goes so far as to throw a Christmas party for him in February. Eventually, she realizes that Vic would not want her to live her life this way, and with some help from Detective Horvath, moves on.
Meanwhile, Vic appears in Brian's dreams, especially after Brian learns he has testicular cancer. Vic explains Brian's options to him. He can survive his health crisis and die "an old queen" just as Vic had. Or he can die young and get into a heaven with plenty of good-looking gay men. Once Brian's intensive radiation treatments succeed, Vic stops appearing in his dreams and in the series altogether.
Emmett Honeycutt.
Emmett Honeycutt is notable for his wry witticisms and flamboyant fashion sense. He has a wide variety of jobs throughout the series: working in a clothing store, becoming a porn star for Ted's website, running his own catering business, and delivering television news segments as the "Queer Guy."
He is best friends with Ted Schmidt, with whom he becomes romantically involved later in the series. The relationship is short-lived, however, as Ted faces serious problems with drug addiction that place enormous strain on him and Emmett.
Through Ted's website, he gains an admirer in George Schickle, a wealthy old man who owns a pickle company. They fall in love despite their significant age difference, but George suffers heart attack and dies on the eve of a six-month tour of the world with Emmett. Emmett is shocked and touched when he learns that George has left him a significant amount of money, but is heartbroken to find out that he can only claim it if he publicly denies his affair with George. Emmett gives up the money, because he wants the world to know how much he truly loved George.
On a catering gig, he meets Pittsburgh Ironmen quarterback Drew Boyd. After Drew makes some homophobic remarks to his friends, Emmett confronts him. When Emmett drops by Drew's house to pick up his paycheck, Drew becomes aggressively flirtatious and he and Emmett have sex on the floor. Although Drew is engaged to a woman, he and Emmett begin an on-again/off-again relationship that continues even after Drew marries. When his wife discovers a different male affair that Boyd has had, she leaves him, and Drew turns to Emmett for solace. He comes out to the public by sharing a controversial on-air kiss with Emmett, causing each of them to lose their jobs. Their relationship ends bittersweetly when Emmett sees him kissing another man and concedes that, as a man newly out of the closet, Drew needs the time and freedom to sow his oats.
Although at first glance Emmett seems to be a gay stereotype, even a stock character, throughout the five seasons his character becomes quite dynamic and complex. This complexity is enhanced by frequent anecdotes concerning his childhood in Hazlehurst, Mississippi and other references that hint at the challenges he has overcome. 
Carl Horvath.
Detective Carl Horvath first appears in season two and remains through season five as a supporting character.
Carl first appears in season two as an investigating police officer when Debbie finds the body of a young gay hustler in a dumpster behind the Liberty Diner. He makes a homophobic comment to another officer ("Looks like we got a Jane Doe") which Debbie overhears, and she immediately berates Carl for his disrespect. Because of this, and also the slow police response to the investigation of the murder, Debbie initially dislikes Carl. With Vic and Jennifer's help, Debbie finds out the young man's name was Jason Kemp, and she gives this information to Carl. Debbie is surprised when, soon after, Carl shows up at Debbie's house and tells her the background information he was able to learn after Debbie's tip. However, it is not until season three that the murder of Jason Kemp is resolved, since it involved corruption within the police department and the former partner of Police Chief Jim Stockwell, who ran for Mayor during that season.
Carl asks Debbie out on a date after her assistance with the investigation in season two, and she reluctantly agrees. While eating seafood and showing each other pictures, it is revealed that Carl is a widower and has two children, a son and a daughter. His son is in the Air Force and is stationed in Germany, and he has "a couple of little ones", making Carl a grandfather. His daughter is married to an African-American lawyer and lives in Utah, so Carl and Debbie bond a bit over the fact that they have to allow their children to be who they are. Carl's relationship with Debbie soon becomes sexual, with Emmett and Ted instructing Debbie on how to please Carl in bed. Carl mistakes Debbie for a "professional", which hurts Debbie's feelings at first, until Emmett and Ted reveal their role in assisting Debbie. Carl further makes it up to Debbie by learning some lessons from two of the lesbians on the force. Carl and Debbie's relationship becomes strained during the third season, when Carl feels he has to back Chief Stockwell in the mayoral election or risk reprisal from the police force, while Debbie strongly supports the implied Democrat, Councilman Deekins.
By the later seasons, Debbie and Carl resume their relationship, and Carl eventually asks Debbie to marry him. Although Debbie accepts his proposal, she becomes upset that her son Michael cannot marry his partner Ben, so Debbie and Carl decide to live as a common-law couple.
Melanie Marcus.
Melanie Rachel Marcus is one of the main characters and the domestic partner of Lindsay Peterson. Melanie is also the biological mother of Jenny Rebecca, a daughter by way of artificial insemination from mutual friend Michael Novotny, and the adoptive mother of Gus, Lindsay's natural son by way of artificial insemination from Lindsay's longtime friend Brian Kinney.
Melanie is an attorney with a successful law firm, and from her numerous references to "the other partners" she is taken to be a partner as well. (A sign outside of her workplace lists her as a partner at Kurtzman, Vasquez, Kurshira & Marcus in Episode 1.21; in Season 4, however, her partner in the firm is Larry Jacobs.) She was raised Jewish and insists that Jewish traditions be observed in her family life, but does not seem to have an active spiritual life and may consider herself Jewish in a strictly cultural sense. At the beginning of the series, she and Lindsey have been together for five years. Throughout the relationship Brian Kinney has been a source of stress and discord for the couple, but Melanie allows him to remain an active presence in their lives because of his longtime friendship with Lindsay. Melanie's negative feelings about Brian are only exacerbated as he repeatedly injects himself into decisions about Gus' upbringing and reneges on his promise to sign his parental rights over to Melanie.
During the first two seasons, Melanie permits Lindsay take the year following Gus' birth on leave. The strain of being the family's sole breadwinner causes her to feel some resentment towards Lindsay. During this period of instability in the relationship, Melanie has a one-night stand with a woman she meets at a friend's baby shower. After disclosing the affair to Lindsay, she moves in with her cousin Rita for several months. The couple reconciles when, on the condition that they get back together and be loving parents to his son, Brian agrees to sign his parental rights over to Melanie.
In the season two premiere, Lindsay proposes marriage. Knowing that the union will not be legal and insisting that they do not need a piece of paper to validate their relationship, Melanie initially declines. However, she later relents and the two are married in a surprise ceremony thrown together by friends and family.
Melanie is also close friends with Ted Schmidt, an accountant that manages Lindsay and Melanie's financial portfolio. This relationship is solid until the revelation that Ted stole money from Gus' college fund. Eventually Ted admits his wrongdoings and is grudgingly forgiven by Melanie and Lindsay.
In season three, Melanie admits that she is unable to have children due to endometriosis. After having an operation to restore her fertility, she asks Michael to be the donor father. Michael is hurt when Melanie, remembering her struggles with Brian, creates a contract absolving Michael of his parental rights. Melanie eventually relents and lets Michael share parental rights.
While Melanie is pregnant with Jenny Rebecca, she discovers that Lindsay has had an affair with a male artist, Sam Auerbach, whose work is being featured at her gallery. Melanie is furious, especially since Lindsay cheated with a man, and terminates their relationship.
In the final season, after a bomb explosion targeting a gay and lesbian convention takes the life of a fellow lesbian friend, Lindsay and Melanie decide to reconcile for good. The couple's last appearance on the show reveals that they have decided to move to Toronto, Canada to avoid further government and personal persecution for being a homosexual couple.
James "Hunter" Montgomery.
Hunter Novotny-Bruckner (born James "Hunter" Montgomery) is the adopted son of Michael Novotny and Ben Bruckner. While Michael and Ben have just begun living together, Chief Jim Stockwell's recent “cleanup” of Liberty Avenue forces gay prostitutes to solicit in front of their building. One night a fight breaks out, and Ben goes to break it up, helping Hunter. Ben allows him to spend the night, and gives him the opportunity to stay longer if he wants. Both Ben and Michael are shocked by the fact that Hunter is willing to do anything sexually. However, when Hunter ends up in hospital and puts Ben down as his family member to contact, Ben is told that Hunter himself is also HIV positive and takes it upon himself to tell him. Eventually, Hunter starts living with Michael and Ben, and begins to attend school. Michael is against Hunter staying with them, though he eventually comes around as Hunter seems to have equal interests in comic books.
Towards the end of the third season, Rita, Hunter's mother, appears. She claims that she had given him up for adoption due to a tumultuous marriage and for fear that she wouldn't have been able to raise her son on her low income, but would now be capable to do so. Hunter reacts badly when told that his mother has visited Ben and Michael. When asked for the reason for his reaction, he accuses his mother of having forced him to commit acts of prostitution from an early age. She does win custody initially, but the judge hears her callous and homophobic remarks regarding Hunter's HIV status and awards custody to Ben and Michael.
During the fourth season, it is revealed that Hunter is in a heterosexual relationship with a girl Callie. Initially Michael is upset by the idea of a heterosexual son, but he learns to accept it, even having dinner with Callie's parents. Later in the series, Callie's parents force the relationship to end after learning Hunter is HIV positive and a former male prostitute. 
During season five, Callie's parents also expose Hunter's HIV status at a swim meet after he has an accident, cuts his forehead open and bleeds into the water. This makes Hunter a target for bullying and hatred at school. This culminates in the school's principal calling a meeting for the concerned parents to try to disarm them. Hunter is able to take a stand against the accusations leveled against him by the parents at the meeting. However, he soon finds out that Callie has a new boyfriend and is extremely upset by this. He also feels slightly pushed out because of JR and their new home, and so decides to leave as he does not feel like part of the family. Ben and Michael are very worried about their son and Ben tends to get very emotional and upset. Finally, they receive an E-mail from Hunter, telling them that he is OK. 
After Michael is hurt in the bombing, a worried Hunter returns home. After a chat with Debbie, he decides to stay for good. He reveals that he hitched to Disney World and got a job as one of Snow White's seven Dwarfs. He gets a job at the diner, and further encouraged by Debbie, decides to go back to school.
In his last scene, Hunter is working at the diner when Ben and Michael call him over and tell him he passed all his subjects. They then hand him a journal with the letters ‘H.N.B’ inscribed on it. Ben explains that they are his initials, Hunter Novotny-Bruckner, if he wants them to be. Writing in his diary, Hunter says: "“Today Ben and Michael asked me to be their real son. I said yes.”". They all hug happily.
Debbie Novotny.
Deborah Jane Grassi "Debbie" Novotny (born Deborah Jane Grassi) is a supporting, loud heterosexual fictional character on the show. The mother (at 17) of main character Michael Novotny, Debbie plays a major role in her son's life, is a strong supporter of gay rights, and an active member of PFLAG. She is usually found either at her house or at the Liberty Diner, where she is a waitress. She also is known for her T-shirts, with such phrases as "Got Head?", "Bitch Goddess", and "Foreplay is for pussies" (to name a few) and her button-laden rainbow vest, the latter she wears when working. She is also seen wearing a bright-red wig, which she only is seen without twice (the first time she loses it because she fell unconscious and the wig falls off, the second time she talks with her brother in her bath robe and doesn't wear it).
During the second season, after discovering a dead male prostitute in the garbage bin behind the diner where she works, Debbie attempts to find out his name, actually beating the police force in discovering it. In this season, it was also discovered that her high-school sweetheart, Danny Devore, could be the father of Michael. They never married and she later took on the last name of Novotny after reading the name of a soldier who died in Vietnam. She also plays an important role in the campaign against Chief Jim Stockwell, the anti-gay police chief running for mayor of Pittsburgh. Her efforts appear to pay off, as he loses the election.
In the fourth season, her relationship with her brother Vic sours when he moves out. It is known that before the storyline began, Debbie nursed HIV-positive Vic back to health. She feels that he is not grateful for it. Soon after they have a big fight, Vic dies (of a heart attack), leaving her feeling very guilty. Eventually, she forgives herself. 
At the end of the fourth season, Debbie's on-and-off boyfriend, Detective Carl Horvath, asks her to marry him, and she accepts. However, she later tells him she cannot marry him, not as long as Michael and Ben cannot legally marry in the US. So, they decide to live together for the remainder of the series. 
In season 5 she gives up her job at the Diner, and trains a woman named Loretta Pye to take over from her. However, Loretta falls in love with her after she saves her from her abusive husband. Eventually Debbie tells Loretta that she is not a lesbian and Loretta leaves town. She then starts to feel very ill and sees that the Diner isn't coping well without her when she realises she is bored and misses her job. With the support of Carl she eventually goes back to waitressing at the Diner. 
The character of Debbie Novotny is parodied in the teenage film "Another Gay Movie", where the mother of one of the central characters (Nico, a flamboyant teenage boy) adopts Debbie's 'out there' style of clothing after Nico comes out to her. Note with every episode, Debbie has a different T-Shirt, with a different saying on it.
Michael Novotny.
Michael Charles Novotny-Bruckner ("né" Novotny), portrayed by Hal Sparks, has a mother with whom he is very close, Debbie, played by Sharon Gless, and an uncle, Vic (Jack Wetherall), who is also gay. An episode's plot was dedicated to Michael discovering his roots, and how his mother changed her name to have him believe that his father was a soldier and hero who died in the Vietnam war. His actual father was Danny Devore, played by Gary Beach who became a drag queen entertainer named Divina Devore. 
Michael is best friends with Brian Kinney (Gale Harold), with whom he has been friends since they were 14 years old. Since the show's debut, their lives have gone in extremely different directions. Michael settles down with his partner, Ben Bruckner, a university professor, and the two eventually adopt teenage son Hunter. Michael is also (as of the end of season 4) the father of baby daughter, JR (short for Jenny Rebecca), whose primary parents are lesbian couple Melanie Marcus and Lindsay Peterson (Michael donated the sperm for Melanie's pregnancy, but nevertheless remains an active father figure to the baby girl). Brian on the other hand has led a very hedonistic and promiscuous life, filled with drugs and sex. 
At the start of the series, Michael works at a Wal Mart-like store, called the Big Q. He dates David, a chiropractor (played by Chris Potter). He moves to Portland, Oregon at the end of the first season with David, only to return after they break up. He quits his job at the Big Q and buys a comic book store, his passion. He meets Ben, struggles to come to terms with Ben's HIV but they eventually work out their issues. 
In the second season, Michael and Justin Taylor (Randy Harrison), whom Brian labels his boyfriend in a "non-defined, non-conventional sort of way," created a comic book character named Rage, a gay superhero comic whose title character is based on Brian. The comic was a success but a movie version in season four was cancelled due to a fickle Hollywood. 
He is often very defensive of his best friend, Brian, and admits to having some feelings for him. For example, when Justin and Brian split up, Michael tells Justin to get out of their lives. After Lindsay and Melanie break up at the beginning of the fifth season, Michael becomes upset that his and Melanie's daughter is being raised in a broken home and an ugly custody battle ensues. Eventually, the three parents resolve their issues.
Brian has accused Michael of being a conformist homosexual and bases this on Michael having a partner, a house, and an adopted son. While Michael feels that this was always what he wanted, Brian accuses him of being a traitor. This issue is an ongoing one in the gay community: some gay-rights activists complain that other gays are conforming to a heterosexual lifestyle (Such as adopting children and moving away from the gay friendly cities and into the more banal and conservative suburbs), thereby ignoring and rendering useless their plight against homophobia. Some have even accused them of being self hating gays who wish they were straight.
In one of the final episodes, Michael is badly injured in a bomb explosion at the local gay nightclub, Babylon. He recovers (amongst great difficulty, as he was close to the bomb, which killed secondary lesbian character, Dusty, who was only a few feet away from him), and the series ends with him and Brian dancing in the burned out infrastructure of the building. However, as the camera tracks around them dancing, the destroyed club begins to transform to a restored Babylon, complete with people dancing and laser and strobe lights. The scene cuts to the out outside of Babylon, showing the long queue of people waiting to get in, this shows that Brian changed his decision to not rebuild Babylon. The camera returns to Brian and Michael dancing, while he narrates (similarly to his narration at the opening of the series): 
"So the "thumpa thumpa" continues. It always will. No matter what happens. No matter who's president. As our lady of Disco, the divine Miss Gloria Gaynor has always sung to us: We will survive."
Lindsay Peterson.
Lindsay Peterson is one of the main characters and is the domestic partner (and later wife) of Melanie Marcus. Lindsay is also the biological mother of Gus, a son by way of artificial insemination from donor and longtime friend Brian Kinney, and the adoptive mother of Jenny Rebecca, Melanie's natural child by way of artificial insemination from donor and mutual friend Michael Novotny.
Gus' parentage has been a source of contention between Lindsay, Melanie and Brian. While Brian initially gives up his parental rights over Gus, he later tries to become a more prominent father figure in Gus' life, much to the chagrin of Melanie. 
Lindsay and Melanie act through most of the series as the stable lesbian couple. Lindsay, in particular, helps Justin Taylor (Brian's lovelorn lover) in his pursuit of a career in art and has taken him into her care from time to time.
Lindsay became an art curator at a gallery when she returned to work a year after giving birth to Gus. There she meets (male) fellow artist Sam, with whom Lindsay has an affair during the fourth season. This causes the two women to separate. Lindsay moves out of the house and in to a small apartment with Gus. For a brief time Lindsay's parents offer to have her and Gus move in with them. Her mother even tries to set her up with a man. However Lindsay reminds her mother that she is a lesbian and always will be. Nothing will ever change that.
At the end of the series and after a bomb explosion targeting a gay and lesbian convention takes the life of a fellow lesbian friend Dusty, Lindsay and Melanie decide to reconcile. Lindsay and Melanie's last appearance on the show reveals that they have decided to move to Toronto, Canada to avoid further government and personal persecution for being a homosexual couple.
Ted Schmidt.
Theodore "Ted" Schmidt begins the series as a bright accountant with an MBA from the Wharton School of Business at the University of Pennsylvania. Ted is a few years older than his friends and was portrayed as having difficulty in finding sexual partners or building a romantic relationship. His earliest attempt, with a younger man named Blake, ends with Ted in a coma from an overdose of GHB. After recovering he meets Blake again and they start a relationship. Blake is still using substances and Ted checks him into rehab, but Blake disappears.
After Ted loses his job for viewing pornography at work, he turns his expertise in pornography into an online business, creating the website "jerkatwork.net" (originally "jerkatwork.com" but changed between seasons). At around the same time he starts a romantic relationship with best friend Emmett Honeycutt. Ted's business is shut down following a crackdown, when it's found that his assistant, who does not perform on the site, is underage. To avoid jail time, Ted surrenders all of the profits from the site. Disconsolate, Ted turns to drugs, especially crystal meth. His drug use and newly discovered interest in anonymous sex parties leads him to lose Emmett as a boyfriend. After hitting bottom (stealing from Melanie and Lindsay's son's trust fund to pay his way to a circuit party and participating in a porn film while under the influence of crystal meth), Ted checks himself into rehab. There he meets Blake again, who's become a counselor. After Ted finishes rehab he and Blake get romantically involved again but it ends shortly thereafter, because Blake believes that a romantic relationship would impede Ted's progress.
Ted takes a job as the chief financial officer of Brian Kinney's new advertising agency. He takes on new responsibilities (including making advertising pitches) and grows in confidence, but is still insecure about his ability to keep a romantic relationship. He undergoes extensive plastic surgery (with no obvious results except to non-main characters.) and for a time bleaches his hair blonde (and quickly changes it back). After these changes, Ted exudes more confidence which shows in his dress and demeanor, and rather than being consistently ignored by intended sex partners, he enjoys a pretty active Brian-like sex life for a time. For example, he has restroom sex with a potential client's son to seal a deal (mirroring a scene from season 1 with Brian), and an extremely attractive younger man who'd had "pity sex" with him in season 2 is genuinely interested in him in season 5 (and receives a harsh life lesson when Ted breaks it off). In the final two episodes, Ted becomes involved with yet another man who suddenly shows signs of Borderline personality disorder. Ted breaks up with him and, while on a ski trip with Emmett, reunites with Blake. The final scenes of the series show Ted and Blake dancing together in the restored Babylon, and then eventually with the rest of his friends.
Jim Stockwell.
Jim Stockwell, the chief of police for the Pittsburgh Police Force and is part of one of the major story arcs of the third season of the series. 
The position for Mayor has become available, and Jim Stockwell is the Republican candidate (a red R next to his name on a TV screen during election night in the season finale is the only clear evidence to his actual party allegiance). Stockwell was originally behind in the polls, but after Brian Kinney became his campaign manager, he was winning the race. 
Stockwell is homophobic, and many characters, namely Debbie Novotny, are very vocal in their opposition to him, and this leads to many conflicts with Brian supporting his candidacy. In fact, at one point in the series, Stockwell closes all the bars, clubs and bathhouses on Liberty Avenue except for Club Babylon, and there the infamous back room has been closed. 
Stockwell fires Brian when he finds out that he is gay (one of his officers recognized him during a bust at the bar Woody's), but later re-hires him when he begins slipping in the polls once more. 
Brian and his partner Justin are secretly working together on a smear campaign against Stockwell by posting negative flyers around Pittsburgh. Stockwell catches Kinney in his apartment with the flyers, and he is fired by both Stockwell and his advertising firm, Vanguard. Justin Taylor and Brian then find out that a young gay man named Jason Kemp who had been found dead in a dumpster early on in the series (frequently referred to as "Dumpster Boy") had been murdered by a cop Kenneth Rykert, Jim's former partner on the force. Stockwell conspired to keep this a secret by having Rykert retire from the force. Thanks to Hunter sleeping with him and snatching the condom Rykert wore during sex, Brian was able to confront him at a sleazy gay bar with the evidence and threaten to expose him and Stockwell. Before Rykert could be brought in for questioning for his connection to the murder of Jason Kemp by Carl Horvath, he was found in his home's garage with a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head. 
Using all the money he has (and maxing out several credit cards), Kinney runs a series of ad campaigns highlighting Stockwell's corruption, causing the Liberty Avenue area to come out in droves on Election night and narrowly defeat Stockwell. 
In the fourth season, Lindsay Peterson mentions that Stockwell had been indicted for his part in the cover-up. 
Jennifer Taylor.
Jennifer Taylor is Justin's mother. In the first season, she suspects that Justin is gay after she sees some drawings in his sketchbook and a man's jockstrap in his room. When she confronts him about it the first time, he runs away, not knowing what to do. She takes him to see a therapist thinking that he is just confused, that he doesn't know what he wants yet. At first, she doesn't tell her husband that her son is gay. She and Justin go to an art exhibit so that they can mend their relationship. Instead, he takes this chance to have a quickie in the men's room, much to her dismay and sadness. She is invited to Justin's first art exhibit where she sees some erotic art pieces by Justin. When she sees Brian holding Justin in a suggestive way and kissing him, she realizes that he is the naked, sleeping man in one of Justin's drawings and that he has been sleeping with her son. She tells her husband Craig that their son is gay after she sees that an older man is the one who seduced him. During the rest of the season, she comes to terms with her son's homosexuality, with the help of Debbie Novotny. She ultimately divorces Craig.
At the beginning of the second season, she forbids Brian to see Justin after the attack because she thinks that he is indirectly responsible for her son's attack. After she is not able to control or touch Justin, she asks Brian to take him in since he is the only one whom Justin trusts. She becomes involved in PFLAG and is more involved in Justin's life. By the middle of the season, she is a real-estate agent and has come to accept Brian more and turns to him for extra support when trying to get something through to her son, like finding friends his own age. 
She helps Ted and Emmett find a house so that they can live together. She lists Brian's loft for sale, several times. She also helps him find a building for his new headquarters for Kinnetik, an abandoned bath house. By the last season, she finally accepts Brian and tells him that she would be proud to have him as a son-in-law. She has a much younger boyfriend, "Tucker", of whom Justin does not approve. In one of her final appearance in the series, she visits Justin in his apartment and "dances" with him; this is a symbolic gesture of her acceptance of him and of his relations with other men (Justin, in turn, indicates that he has come to terms with his mother's younger boyfriend); the character is last seen in the final episode waiting for Brian and Justin to appear at their rehearsal dinner.
Blake Wyzecki.
Blake Wyzecki makes his first appearance in Season One, when he is flirting with Ted Schmidt. Ted takes him home, and Blake gets him to try GHB, with disastrous results. Ted falls into a coma and Blake runs out. Ted later finds out that Blake called for an ambulance after he fled. 
Toward the end of the first season, Ted sees Blake again at Club Babylon, clearly "tweaked out". Ted takes him to the hospital, and tries to get him rehabilitated. In fact, Melanie Marcus goes as far to give Blake a position at her law firm, though he gets fired for not showing up, as it is clear he is still using crystal meth. Ted checks him into a rehab center, but when he comes to check up on him the next day, Blake has checked himself out.
Blake does not reappear in the series until Season Three, when Ted hits rock-bottom and ends up at the same rehabilitation center he checked Blake into two years prior. Blake, now sober, is a counselor there, and helps Ted to overcome his serious addiction. Ted tries to start up a relationship with him, but after a one night stand, Blake breaks it off, because he feels he is a hindrance on Ted's road to recovery. 
During the final season, Blake and Ted reunite, and end up as a couple.

</doc>
<doc id="19912564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19912564" title="Colorado Amendment 48">
Colorado Amendment 48

Colorado Amendment 48 was a defeated initiative to amend the definition of a person to "any human being from the moment of fertilization." 
The initiative was proposed jointly by Kristine Burton and Michael Burton of Colorado for Equal Rights.
This definition would have applied to all sections of Colorado law, thus giving a fetus the equal rights of life, liberty, and property as a fully developed, born person would.
Text of the Proposal.
Be it Enacted by the People of the State of Colorado:
SECTION 1. Article II of the constitution of the state of Colorado is amended BY THE ADDITION OF A NEW SECTION to read:
Section 31. Person defined. AS USED IN SECTIONS 3, 6, AND 25 OF ARTICLE II OF THE STATE CONSTITUTION, THE TERMS "PERSON" OR "PERSONS" SHALL INCLUDE ANY HUMAN BEING FROM THE MOMENT OF FERTILIZATION.
Controversy.
Colorado Right to Life supports the amendment. One source claims there is a bipartisan opposition -- Planned Parenthood and 2008 Colorado Democratic candidate for the U.S. Senate Mark Udall are joined by pro-life Democratic Governor Bill Ritter, National Right to Life Committee (NRLC), and Republican Senate candidate Bob Schaffer. 

</doc>
<doc id="19912565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19912565" title="Azuma Sakamoto">
Azuma Sakamoto


</doc>
<doc id="19912593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19912593" title="H. F. Lowe">
H. F. Lowe

H. F. Lowe (full name and dates unknown) was an English cricketer who played for Hampshire.
Lowe made a single first-class appearance for the team, against Sussex in 1882. Batting in the lower order, Lowe scored a duck in the first innings of the match and did not bat in the second.

</doc>
<doc id="19912599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19912599" title="Covalent superconductor">
Covalent superconductor

Covalent superconductors are superconducting materials where the atoms are linked by covalent bonds. The first such material was synthetic diamond grown by the high-pressure high-temperature (HPHT) method.L. Boeri, J. Kortus and O. K. Andersen "Three-Dimensional MgB2-Type Superconductivity in Hole-Doped Diamond", K.-W. Lee and W. E. Pickett "Superconductivity in Boron-Doped Diamond", X. Blase, Ch. Adessi and D. Connetable "Role of the Dopant in the Superconductivity of Diamond", E. Bustarret et al. "Dependence of the Superconducting Transition Temperature on the Doping Level in Single-Crystalline Diamond Films" - free download</ref> The discovery had no practical importance, but surprised most scientists as superconductivity had not been observed in covalent semiconductors, including diamond and silicon.
Diamond.
Superconductivity in diamond was achieved through heavy p-type doping by boron such that the individual doping atoms started interacting and formed an "impurity band". The superconductivity was of type-II with the critical temperature Tc = 4 K and critical magnetic field Hc = 4 T. Later, Tc ~ 11K has been achieved in homoepitaxial CVD films. 
Regarding the origin of superconductivity in diamond, three alternative theories exist at the moment: conventional BCS theory based on phonon-mediated pairing, correlated impurity band theory and spin-flip-driven pairing of holes weakly localized in the vicinity of the Fermi level. Whereas there is no solid experimental support for either model, recent accurate measurements of isotopic shift of the transition temperature Tc upon boron and carbon isotopic substitutions favor the BCS theory.
Silicon.
It was suggested that "Si and Ge, which also form in the diamond structure, may similarly exhibit superconductivity under the appropriate conditions", and indeed, discoveries of superconductivity in heavily boron doped Si (Si:B) and SiC:B have quickly followed. Similar to diamond, Si:B is type-II superconductor, but it has much smaller values of Tc = 0.4 K and Hc = 0.4 T. Superconductivity in Si:B was achieved by heavy doping (above 8 at.%), realized through a special non-equilibrium technique of gas immersion laser doping.
Silicon carbide.
Superconductivity in SiC was achieved by heavy doping with boron or aluminum. Both the cubic (3C-SiC) and hexagonal (6H-SiC) phases are superconducting and show a very similar Tc of 1.5 K. A crucial difference is however observed for the magnetic field behavior between aluminum and boron doping: SiC:Al is type-II, same as Si:B. On the contrary, SiC:B is type-I. In attempt to explain this difference, it was noted that Si sites are more important than carbon sites for superconductivity in SiC. Whereas boron substitutes carbon in SiC, Al substitutes Si sites. Therefore, Al and B "see" different environment that might explain different properties of SiC:Al and SiC:B.
Carbon nanotubes.
While there have been reports of intrinsic superconductivity in carbon nanotubes, many other experiments found no evidence of superconductivity, and the validity of these results remains a subject of debate. Note, however, a crucial difference between nanotubes and diamond: Although nanotubes contain covalently bonded carbon atoms, they are closer in properties to graphite than diamond, and can be metallic without doping. Meanwhile, undoped diamond is an insulator.
Intercalated graphite.
When metal atoms are inserted (intercalated) between the graphite planes, several superconductors are created with the following transition temperatures: 
History.
The priority of many discoveries in science is vigorously disputed (see, e.g., Nobel Prize controversies). Another example, after Sumio Iijima has "discovered" carbon nanotubes in 1991, many scientists have pointed out that carbon nanofibers were actually observed decades earlier. The same could be said about superconductivity in covalent semiconductors. Superconductivity in germanium and silicon-germanium was predicted theoretically as early as in the 1960s. Shortly after, superconductivity was experimentally detected in germanium telluride. In 1976, superconductivity with Tc = 3.5 K was observed experimentally in germanium implanted with copper ions; it was experimentally demonstrated that amorphization was essential for the superconductivity (in Ge), and the superconductivity was assigned to Ge itself, not copper.

</doc>
<doc id="19912613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19912613" title="Pilgrim Stakes">
Pilgrim Stakes

The Pilgrim Stakes is an American Thoroughbred horse race run annually since 1979 at Belmont Park in Elmont, New York. A Grade III event raced in late September, it is open to horses two-year-old horses and is contested at a distance of 1⅛ miles (9 furlongs) on turf. In 1983, it was run on dirt. From 2001-2007 the race was not graded.
The race was part of the Breeders' Cup Challenge series from 2008 to 2010, when the winner automatically qualified for the Breeders' Cup Juvenile Turf.
The race is named for Joseph E. Widener's horse, Pilgrim, winner of the 1919 Remsen Stakes. 
The Pilgrim Stakes was hosted by Aqueduct Racetrack in 2001. It has been contested at two different distances:
It was run in two divisions in 1979 and again in 1983.
Records.
Speed record: (at current distance of 1⅛ miles)
Most wins by an owner:
Most wins by a jockey:
Most wins by a trainer:

</doc>
<doc id="19912638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19912638" title="Who's Going Home With You Tonight?">
Who's Going Home With You Tonight?

"Who's Going Home With You Tonight?" is the first single from Trapt's 2008 album "Only Through the Pain". The single was first available on June 10, 2008, and reached #11 on the Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks chart.
This song is also available as downloadable content for the "Rock Band" games.

</doc>
<doc id="19912711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19912711" title="Kinneret College">
Kinneret College

The Kinneret College on the Sea of Galilee (Hebrew: המכללה האקדמית כנרת בעמק הירדן), or simply Kinneret College, is a college located on the southern shores of the Sea of Galilee in northern Israel.
The College was established in 1965 by the regional council of the kibbutzim in the area. The students in the College come from all parts of Israel but especially from the Galilee. This is reflected in the multi-cultural and multi-faith background of the student population: Jewish and Arab, secular and religious.
The College has been affiliated with the Bar Ilan University for many years and continues to award Bar Ilan degrees in the social sciences and humanities. However, since 2004 the College has also had independent academic status and awards degrees in a number of fields of Engineering, Communication Studies and Management of Tourism. Further courses are in an advanced stage of planning.

</doc>
<doc id="19912744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19912744" title="Torbjörn Arvidsson">
Torbjörn Arvidsson

Torbjörn Arvidsson (born May 6, 1968) was a Swedish football player, who plays defender for Halmstads BK.
Career.
Starting his career in Kalmar FF he early moved to Halmstads BK in 1989, where he played until 2005. During this time he became the player with most games in Allsvenskan for Halmstad so far, 306 games and 543 games in total, he won Allsvenskan twice and Svenska Cupen once and 1998-1999 he was the team captain and also playing several time in European cups.
He made his debut for the club in 1989 in the serie debut against Örebro SK and his last match became in the cup against Ystads IF FF in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19912751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19912751" title="Gordon Glisson">
Gordon Glisson

Gordon P. Glisson (October 31, 1930 - February 23, 1997) was an American Champion Thoroughbred horse racing jockey.
Born in Winnsboro, South Carolina, at age fifteen he and his mother moved to Seattle, Washington. He began working at the Longacres Racetrack in nearby Renton, Washington then as an apprentice jockey rode in his first race at the Ak-Sar-Ben Racetrack in Omaha, Nebraska. In 1948, younger brother John Weldon Glisson would also become a jockey.
Within a few years, Gordon Glisson developed into a top jockey and in the 1948-1949 winter racing season he led all jockeys at Santa Anita Park in wins. In 1949 he also rode in New York State where he had four winners in one day and ended the year as the leading in New York and in total won more races than any jockey in the United States. During his outstanding 1949 campaign he won the prestigious Santa Anita Derby with Old Rockport then rode him to a fourth-place finish in the Kentucky Derby and to eighth place in the Preakness Stakes. Among Glisson's other important wins, on January 26, 1950 he rode Miche to a huge upset win over the great Citation in the La Sorpresa Handicap at Santa Anita Park. In 1955, Glisson won another major West Coast event, capturing the Hollywood Gold Cup aboard King Ranch's, Rejected.
A fan favorite, "The New Yorker" magazine of March 5, 1949 (p. 79) wrote that "What impresses horsemen most is that his style is remarkably like that of the late George Woolf, even to the coolness he shows in tight finishes." In a similar vein, the October 31, 1949 issue of TIME magazine did an article on Gordon Glisson titled ""The Kid with the Cold Eye.""
In 1950, Glisson was the first recipient of the newly created George Woolf Memorial Jockey Award given to a successful Thoroughbred racing jockey in North America who demonstrates high standards of personal and professional conduct, on and off the racetrack. In 2003, he was nominated for the Washington Thoroughbred Racing Hall of Fame.
Gordon Glisson was living in Ojai, California when he died in 1997 at the Sherman Oaks Burn Center following an accident at his home.

</doc>
<doc id="19912758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19912758" title="Afeka College of Engineering">
Afeka College of Engineering

Afeka College of Engineering () is a college in Tel Aviv, Israel, educating approximately 2,000 students. It was opened in 1996 as one of the first non-university engineering colleges in Israel. 
The Afeka College combines engineering programs with an emphasis on entrepreneurship and encouragement of students and staff to develop useful solutions of engineering problems.
Programs on the Afeka College include Electrical and Electronics Engineering; Mechanical Engineering; Software Engineering; Industrial Engineering and Management; Medical Engineering and the newly opened Systems Engineering, Energy Engineering and Engineering and Management of Service Systems M.Sc. programs.

</doc>
<doc id="19912779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19912779" title="Andreas Papagiannakopoulos">
Andreas Papagiannakopoulos

Andreas Papagiannakopoulos (, 1845 in Leivartzi - 1911 in Athens) was a judge and a politician of Kalavryta and Achaia.
He was born in Leivartzi and moved to Patras at a young are. He studied law and was educated with journalism, in which he published the newspapers "Pelopas" and "Toxotis" in 1876. He became a municipal officer in 1883 and later quit a year laater.
He was elected as a politician for Kalavryta in 1885 and continuously from 1887 until 1910 as for the Achaia prefecture. He tried to be elected as mayor of Patras but without success.
He died on January 12, 1911 in Athena at the Evangelismos Hospital. His funeral was announced by Loukas Roufos.

</doc>
<doc id="19912783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19912783" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 72">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 72

The 72nd Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is made up of parts of Cambria County and Somerset County. The district includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="19912784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19912784" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's shot put F12–13">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's shot put F12–13

The Women's Shot Put F11-12 had its Final held on September 14 at 19:30.

</doc>
<doc id="19912812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19912812" title="Myra, Wisconsin">
Myra, Wisconsin

Myra is an unincorporated community located within the town of Trenton in Washington County, Wisconsin, United States.
History.
The hamlet of Myra was platted by Chauncy Gray and Jacob E. Young. The name for the hamlet, Myra, was originally named by Young's wife who found the name Myra in her Bible. Myra was predominately a Bohemian settlement. It was a busy and industrious little village in its early days.
The pond located near the hamlet was a fine fishing and recreational area. The fish were so prolific that sometimes the waterwheel was blocked by the huge pickeral weighing as much as twelve pounds. All went well until 1913 when, during a severe rain storm the dam broke and the pond drained into the Milwaukee River. The dam was never rebuilt.
The Trenton House, Myra's second tavern in the hamlet, was built in 1881 by Max Weinand. The Trenton House served as a hotel for the kiln and mill workers in the area. Later it was sold to Paul Hetebrueg who added a dance hall. Public dances were held at dancing hall. The Trenton House dance hall also rented to the Myra Literary Society who presented plays every spring.

</doc>
<doc id="19912861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19912861" title="Institutional framework">
Institutional framework


</doc>
<doc id="19912869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19912869" title="Bernard Scholtz">
Bernard Scholtz

Bernard Scholtz (born March 10, 1990) is a Namibian cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and a slow left-arm bowler. He was born in Keetmanshoop.
Scholtz made his cricketing debut for the Namibian Under-19s team at the 2008 Under-19 World Cup, in the warm-up match against South Africa. He made five appearances during the competition proper, scoring just two runs, but remaining not out on every occasion he was at the stumps.
Scholtz made his first-class debut in October 2008 against North West, scoring a second-ball duck in his debut innings. His brother, Nicolaas, four years his senior, has played first-class cricket since 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19912908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19912908" title="Pilot Valley Playa, Utah">
Pilot Valley Playa, Utah

The Pilot Valley Playa is a playa and salt pan in Box Elder County, Utah and Elko County, Nevada that is a remnant of Pleistocene Lake Bonneville. Located in northwestern Utah and northeastern Nevada, the Pilot Valley Playa varies from five to ten miles wide, and is thirty miles long, with an elevation just above 4200 feet. It is bordered by the Pilot Mountains to the west, and the Silver Island Mountains to the southeast.
Springs are located in the alluvial fans at the base of the Pilot Range, and no water flows from the Silver Island Mountains. Shallow groundwater (e.g., Bettridge Creek, with threatened Lahotan cutthroat trout) along the western edge of the playa varies from fresh water to brine over a distance of about 2,000 feet.
Pilot-Thousand Springs Watershed.
The Pilot Valley Playa gets very little precipitation, experiences extreme temperatures and high wind speeds. 
The playa is within the "Pilot-Thousand Springs Watershed" (USGS Huc 16020307), a endorheic area.

</doc>
<doc id="19912946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19912946" title="Solace Systems">
Solace Systems

Solace Systems is a middleware company based in Kanata, Ontario, Canada that manufactures and sells message-oriented middleware appliances. Messaging middleware appliances are rack-mountable network devices that implement messaging functionality in purpose-built hardware. The company claims that implementing these functions in hardware enables higher throughput and lower, more consistent latency than software alternatives.
Solace also has offices in New York City, Chicago, Los Altos, Atlanta, Toronto, London, Zurich, Munich, Tokyo, Hong Kong, Singapore and Sydney.
The company's major competitors are Informatica, Tervela, TIBCO Software, and IBM (with their WebSphere MQ Low Latency Messaging product).
Solace’s primary markets are the financial services, government, telecommunications, information/news distribution, transportation and logistics, internet services, cloud/utility computing, online gaming/gambling and energy industries.
Products.
3200 Series Messaging Appliance - Supports reliable messaging, guaranteed messaging, persistent and non-persistent JMS, ultra low latency messaging, IPC messaging, WAN-based messaging, message caching and internet data streaming.

</doc>
<doc id="19912949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19912949" title="Colorado Amendment 58">
Colorado Amendment 58

Amendment 58 was a proposed initiative on the Colorado ballot of 2008 regarding Colorado's severance tax. It was turned down by 57.9% of the voters.
Effect.
The initiative stated that Amendment 58 would:
Conflict with Amendment 52.
Both Amendment 58 and 52 regard the handling of Colorado's use of the severance tax. While 58 would pour more money into college scholarships and natural resources, 52 would redirect the money into improving I-70.

</doc>
<doc id="19912964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19912964" title="HIFF">
HIFF

HIFF may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19912985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19912985" title="Ernest Moross">
Ernest Moross

Ernest "Ernie" Moross was an early twentieth century press agent and promoter specializing in American motorsports. He was a longtime associate of the first American auto racing superstar, Barney Oldfield. Moross also obtained distinction as the first Contest Director for the Indianapolis Motor Speedway. He left the Speedway in 1910 to campaign the Fiat racing team.
Early career.
Like most of the pioneer American auto racers, Ernie Moross began his career racing bicycles on wooden velodromes in the 1890s. While there is no record of Moross enjoying exceptional success as an athlete, he is likely to have developed contacts with other participants, including Oldfield and Carl Graham Fisher who later founded the Indianapolis Motor Speedway in 1909.
Work with Oldfield.
Moross first began work with Barney Oldfield when the driver signed on to the Peerless racing team to drive the infamous "Green Dragon" racer in 1904. He formed the Moross Amusement Company and soon hired another noted promoter, William Pickens to act as front man for their operation. Moross made arrangements with county fair horse tracks and Pickens would paste broadsides on store fronts, telephone poles and barns to publicize the coming event. They traveled throughout the country attracting crowds full of people that in some cases had never seen an automobile. They were the leaders in the era's entertainment genre called "barnstorming." The events were more frequently staged than not and typically drew strong crowds of the curious. With Moross' help, Oldfield became a grassroots hero.
Moross brokered the deal for Oldfield to purchase the 1909 "Blitzen Benz," a 200 horsepower, chain drive 21.5 liter machine from the New York Benz Auto Import Company for $6,000 and the trade-in of an older, smaller Benz racer. Oldfield broke the world land speed record on the sands of Ormond-Daytona Beach at 131.7 MPH on March 16, 1910. Moross and Oldfield remained in contact throughout their lives.
Director of Contests, Indianapolis Motor Speedway.
Moross worked at the Speedway from 1909-1910. Moross was hired by Carl Fisher as his press agent almost immediately after work began to develop the terrain that would support the Speedway. It was Moross' idea to build a scale model of the track facing Crawfordsville Road so those passing the location could stop and get a feel for the layout. Moross promoted all the Indianapolis Motor Speedway events during 1909 and the first race meet on the newly brick-paved track in 1910. In addition, he was the starter of the first motorized event at the Speedway, the August 1909 motorcycle races. He was also responsible for engineering the first trip around the track by a woman. Journalist Betty Blythe rode "shotgun" with Bob Burman August 17, 1909 and then wrote a feature article about it that appeared in the Indianapolis Star the following day.
Work with Bob Burman and Teddy Tetzlaff.
Moross purchased Oldfield's team for $13,500 before the 1911 season and shortly after the driver was suspended by the AAA for staging an unsanctioned match race at Sheepshead Bay against World Heavyweight Boxing Champion Jack Johnson in October 1910. The team featured the Blitzen Benz, a Knox Automobile and the Darracq that won the 1905 Vanderbilt Cup. Moross Amusement Company arranged for "Wild" Bob Burman to drive the car at Ormond-Daytona in April 1911, establishing a new record at over 141.73 MPH. The world land speed record was all Moross needed to create a money making exhibition show. Although the car's engine was far too large to meet the technical specifications of the first Indianapolis 500 in May 1911, the car made exhibition runs the morning of the race and set new track records at the quarter mile, half mile, kilometer and mile distances.
After these headline generating achievements, Moross, Burman and the Benz went on tour with a supporting cast of Louis Disbrow, Billy Knipper and H.J. Kilpatrick driving a Mercedes and a 1906 Grand Prix Hotchkiss. Moross and Burman continued to work together in 1912 and 1913, introducing a new 300 HP "Jumbo" Benz and set a new one mile dirt track record of 75.24 MPH at Brighton Beach in September.
In 1914 the Moross Amusement Company engaged Californian Teddy Tetzlaff to campaign the 300 HP Benz, naming it "Blitzen Benz 2." Tetzlaff broke the world land speed record mark by running 142.8 MPH on the Bonneville Salt Flats.

</doc>
<doc id="19913025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913025" title="Colorado Referendum L">
Colorado Referendum L

Referendum L was a referendum in Colorado, USA in 2008, to lower the age requirement to participate in the Colorado State Legislature from 25 to 21. The measure was rejected by voters 53.7% to 46.3% on November 4, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19913036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913036" title="Geriatric nephrology">
Geriatric nephrology

Geriatric nephrology is the branch of internal medicine and geriatric medicine that deals with diseases of the kidney
It is a growing subspecialty of geriatrics. Patients who are living longer may acquire diseases that accelerate chronic kidney disease, which often remains undetected until patients are confronted with the sudden need for dialysis. 
International Society for Geriatric Urology and Nephrology is dedicated to this issue and has its own journal. 
A book about geriatric nephrology was published in 1986 by Bernard Davis, M. Michelis. 
The American Society of Nephrology has a grant in Geriatric Nephrology.
In the United States, the median age of patients starting dialysis is 64.8 years old, yet the fastest growing segment of the dialysis population is 75 years and older. Geriatric nephrology emphasizes early identification and aggressive intervention, as well as the incorporation of geriatric and palliative care principles that emphasize independence and functionality.

</doc>
<doc id="19913044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913044" title="François Chalais Prize">
François Chalais Prize

The Francois Chalais Prize (French: "Prix François Chalais") is given at the Cannes Film Festival, beginning in 1997. It was created to pay tribute to French journalist and film historian François Chalais, under the auspices of his wife Mei Chen. It rewards a film dedicated to the values of life affirmation and of journalism, and indeed this award also highlights the presence of journalists at Cannes itself.

</doc>
<doc id="19913045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913045" title="HMS Santa Margarita (1779)">
HMS Santa Margarita (1779)

HMS "Santa Margarita" was a 36-gun fifth-rate frigate of the Royal Navy. She had been built for service with the Spanish Navy, but was captured after five years in service, eventually spending nearly 60 years with the British.
Spanish career.
"Santa Margarita" was built at Ferrol in 1774. In the Action of 11 November 1779 Captain Alex Graeme of brought her to battle off Lisbon and captured her. She was taken into Royal Navy service by an Admiralty Order of 16 March 1780; she was then repaired and refitted at Sheerness between February 1780 and June 1781.
British career.
American Revolution.
"Santa Margarita" was commissioned in March 1781 under Captain Elliot Salter, who sailed her to North America where she formed part of George Johnstone's squadron in June 1781. On 29 July 1782 she captured the 36-gun "Amazone" off Cape Henry, but the next day the squadron under Vaudreuil intervened, recapturing "Amazone". 
Two months later, on 30 September, "Santa Margarita" captured the American privateer "Hendrick". 
"Santa Margarita" was repaired at Bucklers Hard between 1790 and 1793, followed by a period fitting out at Portsmouth.
French Revolutionary Wars.
"Santa Margarita" was recommissioned under Captain Eliab Harvey in 1793, and sailed to the Leeward Islands in December that year. She then formed part of the fleet in the West Indies under John Jervis, and was present at the capture of Martinique in February 1794. By August 1794 she was in Sir John Borlase Warren's squadron, and was present at the destruction of the "Volontaire" on the Penmarks on 23 August 1794, and the capture of the "Espion" and the destruction of the "Alerte" in Audierne Bay on that day.
On 29 March 1795 she was sailing with when the two engaged and captured the 18-gun "Jean Bart" in the English Channel. The "Jean Bart" was subsequently taken into service as . "Santa Margarita" came under the command of Captain Thomas Byam Martin in April 1795.
On 7 June 1796 she captured the French "Tamise", which had previously been the . "Santa Margarita" had two killed and three wounded in the action. She went on to capture the 16-gun privateer "Buonoparte" on 24 October 1796, and the 18-gun privateer "Vengeur" the following day. "Vengeur" (or "Vengeance") was the former packet "King George". "Santa Margarita" sent both into Cork. 
Captain George Parker assumed command of "Santa Margarita" in December 1796. On 21 June 1797 she captured the privateer "San Francisco" (alias "Los Amigos") off the Irish coast. "San Francisco" was pierced for 14 guns and had a crew of 53 men. She was from St Sebastian and had cruised between Scilly and Cape Clear for 20 days without having captured anything. She was apparently quite new and sailed well. Parker observed that with better luck she might have done some mischief.
Parker went on to have further success against privateers. He captured the 16-gun "Adour" off Cape Clear on 10 July 1797 and the 16-gun "Victorine" on 8 August in the same area. 
"Santa Margarita" sailed to the Leeward Islands again in March 1798, and at the end of the year captured the 14-gun privateer "Quatorze Juillet". She sailed to Jamaica in August 1801, coming under the command of Captain Augustus Leveson-Gower in April 1802, followed by Captain Henry Whitby in 1803.
Napoleonic Wars.
"Santa Margarita" was on the Irish station in 1804, followed by a period in the Channel between 1804 and 1807 under Captain Wilson Rathbone. She was re-coppered at Plymouth in 1805 and again in 1806, and laid up in ordinary there between 1812 and 1813.
Fate.
She was fitted as a lazarette in April 1814 and moved to Pembroke. She became a quarantine ship at Milford between 1814 and 1825, and was fitted out between 1824 and 1826 to allow her to be sailed to Liverpool. She was probably sold there on 8 September 1836 for the sum of £1,710.

</doc>
<doc id="19913050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913050" title="L'Espalier">
L'Espalier

L’Espalier is a French restaurant located in Boston, Massachusetts, in the Back Bay neighborhood, adjacent to the Mandarin Oriental Hotel. The chef and owner of L'Espalier is Frank McClelland, who received a James Beard Foundation Award in 2007 for Best Northeast Chef.
History.
Chef Moncef Meddeb opened L'Espalier on Boylston Street between Arlington and Berkeley in 1978. It moved to an 1880s-era brick townhouse on Gloucester Street in 1982 and was purchased by McClelland in 1988. The restaurant moved to its current location in the Mandarin Oriental complex in 2008. It was designed by Martin Vahtra of Projects Design in New York. L'Espalier is known locally as a popular place for marriage proposals and celebrity sightings.
Food.
L'Espalier serves locally grown produce prepared in classically French ways. Serving dinner nightly, lunch Mon.-Sun. and tea only on the weekends from 1:30-3:00. Patrons choose from three prix-fixe menu, the seasonal degustation (tasting) menu or the Chef's tasting journey. First courses have included almond-dusted veal sweetbreads with morels and wilted baby mustard greens, with main course options such as pan-roasted East Coast halibut and Vermont rabbit.
Staff.
Matthew Delisle: Chef de Cuisne

</doc>
<doc id="19913051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913051" title="Music Is Just a Bunch of Notes">
Music Is Just a Bunch of Notes

Music Is Just a Bunch of Notes is an album by blues artists "Spider" John Koerner and Willie and the Bumblebees, released in 1972. It was reissued in 2010 by Nero's Neptune Records along with a movie Koerner made titled "The Secret of Sleep".
"Macalester Don't Stop Now 10-Mar-72" was recorded live by Koerner, Dave Ray, and Bonnie Raitt at Macalester College in St. Paul, Minnesota on March 10, 1972. "Waiting for Go with Normal Dub" was recorded live in Minneapolis, Minnesota outside of Tom Olson's house.
The album had a plain white cover that was rubber stamped by hand, making each one unique. This included one that said "also on side two: Everybody's Going For the Money", which had been left off of the label. Early copies had a serial number alá the Beatles' White Album.

</doc>
<doc id="19913057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913057" title="Colorado Amendment 52">
Colorado Amendment 52

Amendment 52 was a 2008 initiative in Colorado, United States for around half of severance tax funds to be redirected to highway building and maintenance projects, especially expanding I-70. 64.3% of the voters voted against it.

</doc>
<doc id="19913070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913070" title="D. Abeyasekera">
D. Abeyasekera

D. Abeyasekera was a Sri Lankan cricketer who played for Kalutara Town Club. He was a right-handed batsman.
Abeyasekera made two appearances in the Saravanamutto Trophy competition of 1996–97, in Kalutara Town Club's only season in first-class cricket. Abeyasekera finished not out in the first innings in which he batted, and scored just a single run in the second.
In Abeyasekera's second and final first-class match, he scored just three runs over two innings.

</doc>
<doc id="19913071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913071" title="Chandika Seeman">
Chandika Seeman

Pradeep Chandika Seeman (born November 10, 1977) was a Sri Lankan cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman who played for Kalutara Town Club. He was born in Kalutara.
Seeman played six matches in the Saravanamuttu Trophy competition of 1996-97, in Kalutara Town Club's only season in first-class cricket. Despite scoring a duck in the first innings of his debut first-class match, he recovered in the second innings to score 37. His best score of the competition followed in the next match, an innings of 45 in a draw against Burgher Recreational Club.
Seeman retained a position in the upper order in the first half of the competition, after which he switched to playing in the middle of the order.

</doc>
<doc id="19913086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913086" title="Baiyer River Sanctuary">
Baiyer River Sanctuary

The Baiyer River Sanctuary is a nature reserve in Western Highlands Province of Papua-New Guinea. It was opened on 13 January 1968 by the then-Australian administration. It has been expanded to a current area of 740 hectares. The reserve lies at elevations of between 800 and 1200 meters. 
The area of the reserve had been the scene of considerable unrest over years and the main buildings had been burned down. 

</doc>
<doc id="19913121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913121" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – women's discus throw F12–13">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – women's discus throw F12–13

The women's discus throw F11-12 had its final held on September 16 at 17:13.

</doc>
<doc id="19913129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913129" title="Luísa Beirão">
Luísa Beirão

Luísa Beirão (born August 29, 1977 in Sever do Vouga) is a Portuguese model. She was a spokesmodel of Nivea and Coca-Cola in Portugal. Luísa married Portuguese football (soccer) player Miguel Pedrosa in June 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19913142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913142" title="American Samoa Power Authority">
American Samoa Power Authority

The American Samoa Power Authority (ASPA) is a government-run public utility company headquartered in American Samoa.
The American Samoa Senate proposed the dissolution of the ASPA in 2008 due to financial difficulties. Under the bill, the ASPA would be dissolved and its assets and operations would be transferred to a new proposed American Samoa Utility Department. The Executive Branch would oversee the new American Samoa Utility Department if the proposal is adopted.

</doc>
<doc id="19913157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913157" title="Kinetic Monte Carlo surface growth method">
Kinetic Monte Carlo surface growth method

Kinetic Monte Carlo (KMC) is a form of computer simulation in which atoms and molecules are allowed to interact at given rate that could be controlled based on known physics. This simulation method is typically used in the micro-electrical industry to study crystal surface growth, and it can provide accurate models surface morphology in different growth conditions on a time scales typically ranging from micro-seconds to hours. Experimental methods such as Scanning Electron Microscopy (SEM), X-ray diffraction, and Transmission Electron Microscopy (TEM), and other computer simulation methods such as Molecular Dynamics (MD), and Monte Carlo (MC) simulation are widely used.
How KMC surface growth works.
1. Absorption process.
First, the model tries to predict where an atom would land on a surface and its rate at particular environmental conditions, such as temperature and vapor pressure. In order to land on a surface, atoms have to overcome the so-called activation energy barrier. The frequency of passing through the activation barrier can by calculated by the Arrhenius equation:
Ain = Ao inexp (-Ea in/kT)
where A is thermal frequency of molecule vibration, k is Boltzmann constant.
2. Desorption process.
When atoms land on a surface, there are two possibilities. First, they would diffuse on the surface and find other atoms to make a cluster, which will be discussed below. Second, they could come off of the surface or so-called desorption process. The desorption is describe exactly as in the absorption process, with the exception of a different activation energy barrier.
Aout = Ao outexp (-Ea out/kT)
For example, if all positions on the surface of the crystal are energy equivalent, the rate of growth can be calculated from Turnbull formula:
Vc = h*Co (Aout - Ao out) = h*Coexp (-Ea in/kT) * (1 - exp(-∆G/kT))
where, ∆G = Ein – Eout, Aout, Ao out are frequencies to go in or out of crystal for any given molecule on the surface, h - height of the molecule in the growth direction, Co concentration of the molecules in direct distance from the surface.
3. Diffusion process on surface.
Diffusion process can also be calculated with Arrhenius equation:
D = Do exp(-Ed/kT)
where, D is diffusion coefficient, Ed is diffusion activation energy.
All three processes strongly depend on surface morphology at a certain time. For example, atoms tend to lend at the edges of a group of connected atoms, the so-called island, rather than on a flat surface, this reduces the total energy. When atoms diffuse and connect to an island, each atom tends to diffuse no further, because activation energy to detach itself out of the island is much higher. Moreover, if an atom landed on top of an island, it would not diffuse fast enough, and the atom would tend to move down the steps and enlarge it.
Simulation Methods.
Because of limited computing power, specialized simulation models have been developed for various purposes depending on the time scale:
a) Electronic scale simulations (Density Function Theory, Ab-initio Molecular Dynamics): sub-atomic length scale in femto-second time scale
b) Atomic scale simulations (MD): nano to micro-meter length scale in nano-second time scale
c) Film scale simulation (KMC): micro-meter length scale in micro to hour time scale.
d) Reactor scale simulation (phase field model): meter length scale in year time scale.
multiscale modeling techniques have also been developed to deal with overlapping time scales.
How to use growth conditions in KMC.
The interest of growing a smooth and defect-free surface requires a combination set of physical conditions throughout the process. Such conditions are bond strength, temperature, surface-diffusion limited and supersaturation (or impingement) rate. Using KMC surface growth method, following pictures describe final surface structure at different conditions.
1. Bond strength and temperature.
Bond strength and temperature certainly play important roles in the crystal grow process. For high bond strength, when atoms land on a surface, they tend to be closed to atomic surface clusters, which reduce total energy. This behavior results in many isolated cluster formations with a variety of size yielding a rough surface. Temperature, on the other hand, controls the high of the energy barrier.
Conclusion: high bond strength and low temperature is preferred to grow a smoothed surface.
2. Surface and bulk diffusion effect.
Thermodynamically, a smooth surface is the lowest ever configuration, which has the smallest surface area. However, it requires a kinetic process such as surface and bulk diffusion to create a perfectly flat surface.
Conclusion: enhancing surface and bulk diffusion will help create a smoother surface.
3. Supersaturation level.
Conclusion: low impingement rate helps creating smoother surface.
4. Morphology at different combination of conditions.
With the control of all growth conditions such as temperature, bond strength, diffusion, and saturation level, desired morphology could be formed by choosing the right parameters. Following is the demonstration how to obtain some interesting surface features:

</doc>
<doc id="19913164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913164" title="Chel White">
Chel White

Chel White is an American film director, commercial and music video director, animator, actor, screenwriter, and visual effects supervisor on feature films.
He is co-founder of the international production company Bent Image Lab in Portland, Oregon, along with co-founders Ray Di Carlo and David Daniels.
Known for his first person narratives and stylized use of images, White's films explore love, obsession, alienation, memories, and dreams. He uses allegory and frequently black humor to paint pictures of the human experience. His narrative films are often told from the perspective of the estranged individual; the outsider looking in [http://www.skysociety.com/bio.html]. He has made three films based on the work of Peabody Award winning radio personality and writer Joe Frank(Dirt, Soulmate, and Magda).
Biography.
Chel White was born May 30, 1959, in Kansas City, Missouri, USA. White cites his earliest influence as being the Surrealist painting he was exposed to in grade school when visiting the Art Institute of Chicago. He began making films in high school and went on to received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Visual Arts, with a central focus on experimental film, from Antioch University in Yellow Springs, Ohio. After college he began making independent short films, starting with Metal Dogs of India (1985). The films that followed were Machine Song (1987), Choreography for Copy Machine (or Photocopy Cha Cha)(1991), Dirt (1998), Soulmate (2000), Passage (2001), Magda (2004) A Painful Glimpse Into My Writing Process in Less Than 60 Seconds (2005), and Wind (2007).
Chel White is the recipient of a Rockefeller Foundation and Ford Foundation Media Arts Fellowship through Re:New Media, a Media Arts Fellowship from the Regional Arts & Culture Council, Portland Oregon, and project grants from Creative Capital, the Pacific Pioneer Fund and the Oregon Arts Commission.
The short films of Chel White have been shown in major film festivals throughout the world including the Sundance Film Festival, Berlin Film Festival, International Film Festival Rotterdam, Seattle International Film Festival, SXSW, Animafest Zagreb, Portland International Film Festival, Ottawa International Animation Festival, Annecy Festival, Hong Kong International Film Festival, and Edinburgh International Film Festival.
The awards received for White's films include Best Short Film from the 1998 Stockholm International Film Festival (Dirt), Best Animated Short from the 1991 Ann Arbor Film Festival (Choreography for Copy Machine), Grand Jury Award for Best Animated Short Film from the 2005 Florida Film Festival (Magda), and the EMPA Work Life Award from the 2005 Ann Arbor Film Festival (Magda). Through various film festivals, his films have been screened at The Brooklyn Museum, The Smithsonian Museum, The Museum of Fine Arts, Boston and The High Museum in Atlanta.
Since 1985, Chel White has made his home in Portland, Oregon.
Professional career.
Chel White started his professional career working as an animator at Jim Blashfield and Associates, Portland, Oregon, in 1986. In 1991, he began creating visual effects for film director Gus Van Sant, starting with My Own Private Idaho (1991). White was Visual Effects Supervisor on Van Sant's Even Cowgirls Get The Blues (1993), Paranoid Park (2007), First Kiss (2007), Milk (2008) and Restless (2011) as well as title effects supervisor on director Todd Haynes' film, I'm Not There.
White directed two shorts for NBC's Saturday Night Live for Robert Smigel's Saturday TV Funhouse, "The Narrator That Ruined Christmas" (season 27, episode 9) and "Blue Christmas" (a.k.a. "Santa and the States")(season 30, episode 8). Both are parodies of the Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer television special (1964), produced by the Rankin/Bass productions company. Airing first on December 15, 2001, "The Narrator That Ruined Christmas" was written by Robert Smigel, Michael Gordon, Louis CK and Stephen Colbert, with the voices of SNL cast members Chris Parnell, Maya Rudolph, Amy Poehler, Doug Dale, and Robert Smigel. Airing first on December 18, 2004, shortly after U.S. president George W. Bush's presidential re-election, "Blue Christmas" was written by Robert Smigel and Michelle Saks Smigel with additional material by Rich Blomquist, Stephen Colbert, Scott Jacobson, and Matt O'Brien, and voices by Maya Rudolph, Amy Poehler, Erik Bergmann, and Robert Smigel.
"Fever Dreams and Heavenly Nightmares", a DVD compilation of Chel White's short independent films was released in 2005, and is distributed by Microcinema International.
In 2006 White directed the music video for Thom Yorke's song "Harrowdown Hill", which won the award for Best Music Video at the 2006 SXSW Festival. Along with his team and co-founders at Bent Image Lab, he pioneered the Smallgantics technique that was used for the first time in the "Harrowdown Hill" video. In 2012, White directed a video for Chrysta Bell and David Lynch to the song "Bird of Flames" from the album "This Train." The video won the Audience Award for Best Experimental short at the 2012 Northwest Filmmakers' Festival. In 2007, White's film "Wind" was commissioned by the climate change awareness organization Live Earth, to be included in "Save Our Selves", a global concert and simulcast on July 7, 2007. Wind premiered April 26, 2007 in the opening night program of eight Live Earth short films, in the 2007 Tribeca Film Festival with keynote speaker Al Gore. The commercials Chel White has directed have been honored with Clio Awards, Association of Independent Commercial Producers (AICP) Awards, Telly Awards and several awards from the Chicago International Television Awards. Two commercials White directed are included in the permanent collection of the Museum of Modern Art in New York.
Chel White's feature film directorial debut, "Bucksville", is a story about man who tries to leave a small town radical militia started by his father. Completed in 2012, the film stars Thomas Stroppel and features a cameo role by Academy Award Nominated actor Tom Berenger, who is also an executive producer on the film. The film also stars Ted Rooney. The screenplay is written by Laura McGie and Chel White, with music by Tom Brosseau. The film won Best Narrative Feature at the 2012 Kansas City Film Festival, Second Place for Narrative Feature Film Award from the 2012 Athens International Film Festival and a Platinum Award for First Feature from the 2012 WorldFest-Houston International Film Festival. Bucksville also screened in the 2012 Brooklyn Film Festival and the 2012 Ashland Independent Film Festival.
As an actor, Chel White made his only appearance to date in Even Cowgirls Get the Blues (1993), playing a brain surgeon in a scene with Uma Thurman.
Personal life.
In December 2005, Chel White and his then girlfriend Laura McGie were stranded in a mountain snowstorm for four days, in the Cascade Mountains, Oregon. They were found by Marion County, Oregon Search and Rescue officers who traveled to the remote location by snowmobile. White and McGie are currently writing a feature film screenplay based on their shared experience, titled Stranded.

</doc>
<doc id="19913183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913183" title="Gary Dehan">
Gary Dehan

Gary Dehan is a voice actor. He had a small role in the English version of "Sonic the Hedgehog: The Movie", dubbing the voice of the character Hyper Metal Sonic.

</doc>
<doc id="19913189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913189" title="Campo de Fútbol de Vallecas">
Campo de Fútbol de Vallecas

Campo de Fútbol de Vallecas previously known as Estadio Teresa Rivero is a multi-use stadium in Madrid, Spain. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Rayo Vallecano. The stadium holds 14,708 spectators and was opened in 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="19913192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913192" title="Battle of Tetovo">
Battle of Tetovo

The Battle of Tetovo was the largest engagement during the 2001 insurgency in the Republic of Macedonia, in which Macedonian security forces battled Albanian insurgents of the National Liberation Army for control of the city.
Prelude.
Tetovo is a large city in Macedonia. Of the original population of 53,000, 55% were ethnic Albanians. In the aftermath of the Kosovo War, tensions between Macedonians and Albanians began to rise. With the formation of an insurgency, the National Liberation Front (NLA) began seizing territory in and around the Tetovo area. Skirmishes between the insurgency and government forces became commonplace in other portions of the country.
The Macedonian forces, numbering more than 3,000, held a limited amount of armour and artillery. Reportedly, they possessed a number of armoured personnel carriers, 105 mm and 122 mm Howitzers, ex-Bulgarian T-55 tanks. The bulk of their force consisted of reservists at the brink of conflict. These numbers were to rapidly rise in the following months as the military expenditures of Macedonia quadrupled to almost 7% of GDP which resulted in major purchases of military hardware mainly from Ukraine and Bulgaria. Also the mobilisation of special police forces like that of the Lions and Wolves unit. By the heighten period of the conflict the whole 1st mechanized brigade was stationed in and around Tetovo municipality.
The NLA, on the other hand, had only an assortment of rockets, assault weapons, and mortars. A mainly guerilla force, however, they experienced the luxury of concealed positions in the mountains ringing the city. Weapons and supplies found their way from Kosovo to the frontlines over the Šar Mountains through horse caravans. Mounts Baltepe and Mount Kale were a major strong points, both of which held ancient fortresses left over from the Ottoman Empire. The rebels constructed a series of trenches and bunkers in defence.
Opening phase.
During the afternoon of 16 March, ethnic Albanians held a nationalist rally in town. Around this time, machine gun fire opened up on Macedonian police from Mount Baltepe. The NLA proceeded to engage with sniper fire and mortar attacks. The first bystander to be killed was an Albanian man, shot through the forehead as he got out of his car. Fifteen Macedonian police and a NATO German soldier were also wounded when joint barracks in the outskirts of the town where hit by mortar fire. The next day, the German Ministry of Defence moved in two Leopard 2 tanks from Prizren, in Kosovo, in order to protect the base. Half of the 1,200 German troops were evacuated to another location eight kilometers away. By 20 March, another 400 KFOR German combat troops equipped with Marder armoured vehicles and more Leopard II tanks had been deployed in Tetovo. Civilians continued on with their daily business, but the streets became empty. Cafes and shops were deserted and electricity was cut off to part of the town. For the cafes that remained open, it was common to see some people taking the risk of watching gun battles.
On 21 March, the two sides witnessed a brief cease fire. The day was quiet without a single shot. By this point in time, however, thousands of residents had fled the city. Those whom remained pressed on with life as best as they could while both factions licked their wounds. It was also on this day that the Macedonian army scaled Kale Hill under cover of artillery and gunfire.
On 22 March, after two months of sporadic violence, two Albanians were gunned down near the football stadium in the eastern districts. The two men approached a Macedonian checkpoint in a white car, only to be shot as they tried to throw grenades. Images of the dead men became famous, marking the insurgency's first "martyrs" and bringing Macedonia's violence to the world spotlight.
The Macedonians proceeded to beef up their security forces and deployed tanks in support.
In Tetovo’s old town, a sandbag checkpoint near the Church of St. Nicholas suffered frequent shelling from houses in the highlands. Over the next few days, several skirmishes broke out throughout the hills. A Macedonian Mi-17 helicopter crashed while ferrying police forces to a ski resort on the outskirts of town, killing the pilot and wounding 16 policemen. Most the rebels held out on Baltepe Mountain. From the Koltak district, Macedonian forces poured fire onto Albanian positions. This was often returned with machine gun, sniper, and mortar fire.
A series of blasts was clearly visible in the hills above Tetovo as terrified residents scurried for cover below. The hills had been occupied by Albanian guerrilla forces for the past week. The Macedonian army was firing indiscriminately and several of the rising columns of smoke came from civilian houses. There was no word on casualties, but the risk to civilians was high. The hills around Tetovo are dotted with houses and it was not clear if they had all been evacuated. The NLA stood their ground.
A short time after the start of the Government offensive, the Macedonian army issued an ultimatum, giving the NLA 24 hours to cease hostilities and surrender, or leave Macedonia. After the deadline, Macedonian security forces continued using all their means against positions of the rebels. The Macedonian onslaught began just hours after the rebels offered to join peace talks. 
Second phase.
On the 24th, the Macedonians used ex-Ukrainian Mi-24 helicopters for the first time in the conflict, responding to Albanian mortar fire that wounded twenty civilians in the Koltuk area. With the addition of these new helicopters, 300 Macedonian infantry launched a massive offensive around Mount Šar. As rockets and artillery pounded Albanian positions on Mount Sar Planina southwest of the city, airborne troops were dropped on the slopes. The Mi-24's strafed what remained after the initial barrage. The situation began to dwindle for the NLA, as they chose to fire indiscriminately back into the city.
On 6 June another cease-fire was initiated, which lasted eighteen days. Just before noon on 22 July, machine gun and small arms fire shattered the silence once again. As U.S. and European envoys met with President Boris Trajkovski in Skopje on 23 July, the battle reached Tetovo’s suburbs. In the Drenovac district, rebels and government forces fought heavily for the town’s sports stadium. The fall of the stadium left the rebels within fifty yards of the city center. Residents of the areas were instructed to leave their homes by Macedonian forces.
A twelve-year-old girl was killed in a mortar blast. Thirteen civilians and five government soldiers were injured. Macedonian government forces also shelled villages surrounding Tetovo, which were under control of Albanian rebels.
Final phase.
The Ohrid peace negotiations finally came into play on 8 August. By then, Tetovo was practically a ghost city, most of its residents having fled the fighting. Ten Macedonian soldiers were killed when Albanian rebels ambushed a convoy on a road leading from Tetovo to Skopje. The gun battle was carried out in the supposed retaliation for the deaths of five ethnic Albanians. Macedonian residents protested overnight the deaths of the soldiers, looting ethnic Albanian shops in the process. The next day, Macedonians retaliated with the pounding of Albanian positions with artillery.
The next day, the rebels attacked Macedonian army barracks in central Tetovo, sending black plumes of smoke above the northern and southwestern suburbs. Part of the barracks and an armored personnel carrier were set on fire in the fighting. The Macedonian National Security Council, in response, authorized another offensive against the NLA. Macedonian forces concentrated their attack around the suburb of Teqe, of which a graveyard separated both factions.
End game.
On 13 August, Macedonian and Albanian representatives signed the Ohrid Agreement, ending most of the fighting. Over the next few months, NATO and Macedonian troops worked to disarm the NLA, which ceded power after the thirty-day Operation Essential Harvest.
As a result of the fighting, the Red Cross estimated that 76,000 people fled their homes. Though the major violence ended on the 13th, skirmishes and harassment remained common throughout the Tetovo area. During the week of 24 August, violence sprouted between resistance fighters and Macedonian police in villages and police checkpoints.
Locals reported receiving phone calls and threats of violence on both sides. But Macedonians felt the biggest brunt of this sort of tactic, due to the population density in the city.
On 12 November, three Macedonian police officers were ambushed and killed in the village of Trebos.
The NLA suffered many casualties, but no concrete number is known.

</doc>
<doc id="19913198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913198" title="Guiding 2010 Centenary">
Guiding 2010 Centenary

The Guiding 2010 Centenary consisted of celebrations around the world in which Girl Guides and Girl Scouts celebrated 100 years of the world Guide and Scout movement. It took place over three years, 2010-2012, reflecting the founding dates of many World Association of Girl Guides and Girl Scouts member organisations.
National Guide and Scout movements added local celebrations to the international ones. 
Centenary Celebration Days.
There were three Centenary Celebration Days. On 10 April each year, celebrations were held around the world under a unifying theme. The theme for 2010 was "plant". The theme for 2011 was "grow", and the theme for 2012 was "share".
Girlguiding UK.
Girlguiding UK started its Centenary celebrations on 4 September 2009. The Centenary Camp was held from 2010-07-31 to 2010-08-07 at Harewood House. In September 2009, a maze to celebrate the beginnings of Guiding at Crystal Palace opened in Crystal Palace Park.
The tall ship Lord Nelson made a 100 day voyage around the coast of the UK to celebrate the centenary. The Lord Nelson set sail from Glasgow on 7th June 2010. She called at Oban, Aberdeen, Newcastle, Boston, London, Chatham, Portsmouth, Falmouth, Milford Haven and Whitehaven. At each port she took on new crew, many of whom had never sailed before.
Girl Guides Australia.
Girl Guides Australia celebrated 100 years of Guiding across Australia from September 2009 to February 2011.
The Australian Centenary Event (ACE) was be held 3–9 January 2010 just outside of Melbourne, Victoria. It was be an international camp for 2500 girls, with another 500-700 leaders attending. Pippa Penguin was the mascot for ACE. ACE was to be held at Britannia Park, but was moved after high risk of bushfire.
Other nationwide Centenary events included simultaneous 100 Downunder activities on May 23 and Promise renewals on 10-10-10 at 10am.
The Australian Government named 2010 the 'Year of the Girl Guide' in honour of the centenary celebrations. They also issued a commemorative $1 coin into circulation as well as 3 postage stamps to celebrate the event.
The Chain of Campfires event was held on June 19. Units across Australia lit campfires between 5pm and 9pm.
Girl Guides of Canada.
Guiding Mosaic 2010 was held from July 8-17 at Guelph Lake Conservation Area in Southern Ontario. Over 2,500 girls and women attended the camp. Participants came from across Canada as well as from many countries, including Australia, Bangladesh, Jamaica, Japan, New Zealand and the United States.
Girl Scouts of Korea.
The Girl Scouts of Korea (GSK) hosted the 13th Girl Scout International Camp in commemoration of the Centenary of Girl Guiding and Girl Scouting, from 25 to 31 July 2011 at Goseong World Jamboree campsite, Gangwon, Korea.
Girl Scouts of the USA 2012 Centennial.
GSUSA is in contact with museums, businesses and organizations to join with the Girl Scouts in showcasing Girl Scouts. GSUSA will have celebratory T-shirts and accessories, including jewelry and hats embellished with the 100th Anniversary logo available by mid-2011. 
President Barack Obama signed the "Girl Scouts of the USA Commemorative Coin Act" for the 100th Anniversary celebration. The act authorized the minting of 350,000 silver dollar coins in honor of Girl Scouts and the achievements of the 50 million women influenced by Girl Scouting during the last 100 years. 
The celebration of the Anniversary will be kicked off by participating in the world famous Pasadena, California Rose Parade of 2012, featuring the GSUSA 100th Anniversary float. A multi-award winning float design company is donating their services to design the float, which will be constructed and decorated totally by GSUSA Volunteers of all ages. 
Colorado is staging a vigorous campaign to create a special license plate to honor the Girl Scout Centennial. The campaign has gone national with the Girl Scouts asking for votes at their website. 
Postage stamps.
Many countries have issued postage stamps honouring the Guiding and Girl Scouting's centenary. These include:

</doc>
<doc id="19913204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913204" title="Estadi Montilivi">
Estadi Montilivi

Estadi Montilivi is a multi-use stadium in Girona, Catalonia, Spain. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of Girona FC. The stadium holds 9,286 people.

</doc>
<doc id="19913206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913206" title="Nobody Knows the Trouble I've Been">
Nobody Knows the Trouble I've Been

"Nobody Knows the Trouble I've Been" is an album by folk artist "Spider" John Koerner released in 1986. The album was recorded in one evening at Creation Audio studios in Minneapolis, MN.
Reception.
In his Allmusic review, music critic Richard Meyer wrote, "Spider John Koerner sings and plays (12-string guitar) with a knowing but commanding casual authority that brings this material to life brilliantly. The music jumps out of the speaker so effortlessly you can appreciate the fun and dark side of these old songs."
Track listing.
All songs traditional unless otherwise noted.
Personnel.
Production notes

</doc>
<doc id="19913238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913238" title="Stade de la Rabine">
Stade de la Rabine

Stade de la Rabine is a football stadium in Vannes, France. It is currently used by Vannes OC. The stadium is able to hold 9,500 spectators. It was used as a venue for the 2013 Junior World Rugby Championships, which was won by England. 

</doc>
<doc id="19913239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913239" title="Wilcox Central High School">
Wilcox Central High School

Wilcox Central High School (WCHS or Wilcox), is a public high school in Camden, Alabama. Part of the Wilcox County School District, it serves as the only public high school in Wilcox County. More than 600 students were enrolled for the 2010-2011 school year.
Athletics.
The Jaguars sport teams include: varsity/junior varsity girls and boys basketball, varsity boys baseball, varsity girls softball, and varsity boys football. The Wilcox-Central varsity boys basketball has won 2 past 5A State Championships in 2000 and 2003. They also have a state title in 1985 and one from the early years of the 20 and 30s. In the 2006-07 year Wilcox lost to John Carroll 49-44 in State Regional Semifinals. Then in 2007-08 lost to Parker High School also in the State Regional Semifinals in Montgomery. 
Clubs.
The school host many clubs such as BETA Club, Drama Club, Future Business Leaders of America, Future Farmers of America, HOSA, Library/Book Club, Science Club, SGA, VICA.

</doc>
<doc id="19913275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913275" title="1932 German football championship">
1932 German football championship

The 25th German football championship ended with the first national title for FC Bayern Munich. The title was won with a 2–0 over Eintracht Frankfurt. It was a replay of the Southern German championship final, in which Eintracht had defeated Bayern 2-0 on 24 April 1932.
For both clubs it was their first appearance in the German final. While Bayern, the winner, never appeared in another one, Eintracht made up for the 1932 loss by winning the 1959 final.
To qualify for the national championship, a team needed to win or finish runners-up in one of the seven regional championships. On top of those 14 clubs, the two strongest regions, West and South were allowed to send a third team each. In the West, this was the local cup winner while in the South, the third placed team of the championship received this place.

</doc>
<doc id="19913300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913300" title="Vicente T. Mendoza">
Vicente T. Mendoza

Vicente Teódulo Mendoza Gutiérrez (Cholula, Puebla, 1894 – Mexico City, 1964) was a Mexican musicologist, composer and drawer.
In 1907 when Vicente T. Mendoza was 13 years old, he went to Mexico City where he studied piano and composition at the National Conservatory. At the same time he studied drawing. Between 1912 and 1930 he worked as a topographer. Later on he taught solfege at the Conservatory. His main interest rests in Mexican folklore and music paleography. Along with the collaboration of Daniel Castañeda he compiled a treatise of precolumbian instruments, published in 1937 under the name "Instrumental Precortesiano". He also published a comparative study of the Spanish romance and Mexican corrido "El Romance Español y el Corrido Mexicano" in 1939. As a composer he arranged Mexican popular folk songs.

</doc>
<doc id="19913306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913306" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's 100 metres T13">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's 100 metres T13

The Women's 100m T13 had its competition held on September 16, with the first round at 9:15 and the Final at 18:18.

</doc>
<doc id="19913311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913311" title="Shichirigahama">
Shichirigahama

Unlike its easterly neighbor Yuigahama, its floor drops too quickly, so it is not very popular as a sea resort, but surfers are present in every season. Since 1939 it is administratively part of the City of Kamakura. The area is served by the Enoshima Electric Railway, or Enoden, which connects Kamakura Station in Kamakura with Fujisawa Station.
History.
Although not part of Kamakura proper since it lies outside the city's Seven Entrances, the entire area from Katase to Inamuragasaki represents a historically important area just outside the former military capital. According to the "Azuma Kagami" and the "Shinpen Kamakurashi", Shichirigahama was the Kamakura shogunate's execution ground. It was also the scene of many battles, and records show that in the Edo period bones and rusty weapons were still being recovered from its sand.
Minamoto no Yoshitsune's letter from Koshigoe.
Minamoto no Yoritomo's famous younger half-brother Yoshitsune, celebrated in Japan in Noh and Kabuki plays for both his bravery and his death, served the shogun faithfully for years, leading the Minamoto clan in defeating the Taira clan, but for several reasons couldn't avoid a confrontation with him. After some victories, he tried to enter Kamakura, but was stopped at Koshigoe by a letter from Hōjō Tokimasa. He waited fruitlessly about 20 days at Koshigoe's Manpuku-ji, near Shichirigahama, then dictated to his attendant Benkei a letter for Yoritomo destined to become famous, the "Letter from Koshigoe", in which he complained that he had never betrayed his brother, but to the contrary had always faithfully served him. He had won for him important victories, but had received nothing but reproach and diffidence in return. Yoritomo didn't relent, so Yoshitsune gave up and left Koshigoe for Kyoto. 
The letter originally appears in the Azuma Kagami and is not believed to have been penned by Yoshitsune. It probably does however reflect his true feelings. 
The feud between brothers continued until a fugitive Yoshitsune was forced to kill himself. His six-week old head preserved in liquor was then brought to the shogun, who accepted it in Koshigoe in 1182. Yoshitsune is enshrined in Shirahata Jinja in Fujisawa.
Inamuragasaki.
Emperor loyalist Nitta Yoshisada in 1333 invaded Kamakura, deposing its Regent Hōjō Takatoki and ending the 145-year old Kamakura shogunate. According to the legend, being unable to defeat Kamakura defenses on land, he went down to Shichirigahama and, at the impassable cape of Inamuragasaki, prayed to the god Ryūjin to withdraw the waves and let him through.
The stele at , the tiny bay west of Inamuragaki, reads:
666 years ago on May 21, 1333 Nitta Yoshisada, judging Kamakura's invasion on land to be difficult, decided to try to bypass this cape. This is the place where, according to tradition, he threw his golden sword into the waves, praying to the sea-god to withdraw them and let him pass. (Stele erected in 1917)
Nichiren in Shichirigahama.
Nichiren's pine tree.
The so-called was a pine tree on the road to Katase from which Nichiren hanged his "kesa" (a Buddhist stole) while on his way to Ryūkō-ji so that it wouldn't be soiled by his blood. The original pine tree died long ago, and has been replaced many times by the faithful. Today, however, there is no pine tree and only a stele is left.
Yukiaibashi Bridge.
The is a small bridge near Enoden's Shichirigahama's station built on the spot where a messenger carrying Nichiren's pardon met the messenger bound in the opposite direction to announce his miraculous salvation.
Koyurugimisaki.
One legend says that, during the Edo period, on it stood a pine tree which shook even when there was no wind, producing an extremely pleasant sound as if a celestial creature was playing an instrument. According to another, the founder of the shrine, who was a Kamakura period samurai called Sasaki Moritsuna, saw the pine tree move very slightly and emit sounds like those of a koto, so he gave the cape its name. 
Nitta Yoshisada stopped at Koyurugi Jinja in 1333 to pray for victory. Having won, he came back to offer a sword and some money to the shrine, with which the "shinden" was later restored. The shrine used to be called from the name of Koshigoe's tutelary spirit (), but its name was changed during the shinbutsu bunri (the forced separation of Buddhism and Shinto in temples and shrines) in the Meiji era. Later, in 1909, it was fused with another shrine, and for that reason it now enshrines kami Takeminakata no Mikoto.

</doc>
<doc id="19913329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913329" title="Saxony (duck)">
Saxony (duck)

The Saxony is a breed of domestic duck originating in the Saxony region of Germany. 
History.
It was initially bred by Albert Franz of Chemnitz in the 1930s, but almost all of his original stock was lost during World War II. He cross bred Rouen, German Pekin, and Blue Pomeranian ducks. Resuming his efforts, Franz's work resulted in the recognition of the Saxony by 1957. In 1984, David Holderread (who later developed his own breed, the Golden Cascade), imported some Saxony ducks to the US, and it was recognized by the American Poultry Association in 2000 by admittance in to the Standard of Perfection. Saxony in North America are considered critically endangered by the American Livestock Breeds Conservancy, with less than half a dozen breeders total according to their 2000 census.
Characteristics.
The Saxony is classed as a heavy duck, weighing between seven and eight pounds (3 to 3.6 kilos). It is considered to be beautiful bird suited to both watching and petting. Females will lay 200 or more large white eggs in a year. Both drakes and hens have yellowish bills with orange legs and feet. Drakes resemble a faded Mallard in hue, while females are a light buff color with white streaks on the face with some blueish shading.[http://holderreadfarm.com/photogallery/saxony_page/saxony_page.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="19913339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913339" title="Marcel·lí Perelló i Domingo">
Marcel·lí Perelló i Domingo

Marcel·lí Perelló i Domingo born in (Barcelona in 1897? - died Mexico City 1961) was a Catalan guerrilla politician and newspaper writer. He was the first Secretary of Estat Català. He was part of a plot against the Spanish Throne, was imprisoned and exiled to Mexico.
The Plot of Garraf.
He was son of Frederic Perelló i Arnús and Magdalena Domingo i Selma, he was the commander of the Catalan State squads "escamots" d'Estat Català and belonged to Black Flag (Bandera Negra). He directed the Plot of Garraf that, in 1925, intended to kill Alfonso XIII and all his family, placing an explosive device at Garraf railway, where the royal train would pass by. A traitor caused the plot to fail, and Perelló and his fellows were condemned to death. Later, their sentences were commutted to life because the authorities did not want them to become martyrs. When the dictatorship of Primo de Rivera fell in 1930, they were set free.
Family.
While in jail at the Penal de El Dueso prison, he met Edelmira Valls i Puig, who participated in a huge national and international solidarity campaign for their liberation. Once he was set free they got married and had six children: Jordina (1931–1933); Carles (1932), mathematician and Ph.D. at UAB; Edelmira (1934) Frederic (1941–1942), Marcel·lí (1944) and Mercè (1947).
Political activity.
Marcel·lí Perelló was the first Secretary of Estat Català; he also joined Nosaltres Sols! and Partit Català Proletari. His radical point of view turned him against Francesc Macià. During the Spanish Civil War, Perelló directed the "Diari de Barcelona". In 1939 he and his family were exiled to France, and went from there to Casablanca, and then to Mexico, reaching the Mexican shore in 1942. Perelló worked recycling and selling old tools, and also participated actively in the Catalan independence movement abroad. He was an active member of Unió Catalana Independentista, very close to Catalunya Grop from Santiago de Cuba under the direction of Salvador Carbonell i Puig.

</doc>
<doc id="19913345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913345" title="Golden Cascade">
Golden Cascade

The Golden Cascade is a breed of domestic duck developed in the United States. In 1979, David Holderread of Corvallis, Oregon set out to breed a duck that was fast growing, active, laid eggs well, and was auto-sexing. By the mid-1980s, the Golden Cascade was introduced to the market. It is not yet admitted to the American Poultry Association's Standard of Perfection. 
The Golden Cascade was so named because of its golden hue, and for the prominent Cascade Range of the Northwest. They weigh 6-8 pounds (2.7-3.6 kilos). Females have Fawn or buff plumage and Orange beaks with brown markings. Drakes have yellow beaks, Satin green or Bronze heads, white ring on their necks, reddish breasts and white underbodies. The throat can turn light fawn. Older drakes can molt to a fawn or buff that covers the head and body but First year birds should have a chestnut chest with the classic golden buff to white shoulders, sides and belly. The ducklings may be sexed by down color: darker for males, lighter for females.

</doc>
<doc id="19913351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913351" title="Douglas Laycock">
Douglas Laycock

Douglas Laycock is a law professor at the University of Virginia, and he is a leading scholar in two fields: the law of remedies and the law of religious liberty.
Biography.
Laycock received his bachelor's degree from Michigan State University and his J.D. from the University of Chicago. He was a professor at the University of Chicago and at the University of Texas at Austin before he came to the University of Michigan. On January 12, 2010 the University of Virginia School of Law announced that Laycock would be joining its faculty in the fall of 2010. Laycock moved to Virginia along with his wife, Teresa A. Sullivan, who became the first female President of the University of Virginia.
Laycock was one of the people who testified in favor of the Religious Liberty Protection Act of 1998.
Laycock was a member of the Panel of Academic Contributors for Black's Law Dictionary 8th ed. (West Group, 2004) (ISBN 0-314-15199-0).
Laycock argues that exempting religious practices from regulation is constitutionally a good thing. But he acknowledges limits to such exemptions; he has said that "Of course religious believers have no constitutional right to inflict significant harm on nonconsenting others."
Laycock has represented parties in four Supreme Court cases on religious liberty. He represented the Church of the Lukumi Babalu Aye, successfully defending its right to sacrifice small animals in religious ceremonies. He represented the Roman Catholic Archbishop of San Antonio in an unsuccessful defense of Congress's power to enact the Religious Freedom Restoration Act and apply it to the states. And he represented anonymous parents and students in their successful objection to school-sponsored prayer at high school football games. Most recently, he successfully represented Hosanna-Tabor Lutheran Church in a case establishing the constitutional status of the ministerial exception.
He is one of three co-editors of the recently released book "Same Sex Marriage and Religious Liberty". His own chapter in that volume argues that it is desirable, and usually possible, to protect the liberty of same-sex couples and also protect the liberty of religious conservatives who do not wish to support or facilitate same-sex marriages.
In the field of remedies, he is the author of a leading casebook, "Modern American Remedies", and a monograph, "The Death of the Irreparable Injury Rule." He has also written a history of the field.

</doc>
<doc id="19913392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913392" title="Methylisopropyllysergamide">
Methylisopropyllysergamide

Methylisopropyllysergamide (lysergic acid methylisopropyl amide, MIPLA) is an analogue of LSD that was originally discovered by Albert Hofmann at Sandoz during the original structure-activity research into LSD. It has subsequently been investigated in more detail by the team led by David E. Nichols at Purdue University. Methylisopropyllysergamide is a structural isomer of LSD, with the alkyl groups on the amide nitrogen having been subjected to a methylene shuffle. MIPLA and its ethylisopropyl homologue are the only simple N,N-dialkyl lysergamides that approach the potency of LSD itself, being around 1/3-1/2 the potency of LSD, while all other dialkyl analogues tested (dimethyl, dipropyl, methylethyl etc.) are only around 1/10 as potent as LSD, although some N-monoalkyl lysergamides such as the "sec"-butyl and "t"-butyl derivatives were also found to show an activity profile and potency comparable to LSD, and the mono-isopropyl derivative is only slightly weaker than MIPLA. Apart from its lower potency, the hallucinogenic effects of methylisopropyllysergamide are similar to those of LSD itself, and the main use for this drug has been in studies of the binding site at the 5-HT2A receptor through which LSD exerts most of its pharmacological effects.

</doc>
<doc id="19913415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913415" title="Notes from the Road">
Notes from the Road

Notes from the Road is an American online travel journal and blog founded in 1999 by travel writer Erik Gauger, which focuses primarily on North America. Forbes Magazine praised the site for having "Photos worthy of National Geographic", and called it the best-looking travel blog they had seen. Forbes also noted that the navigation system was poor and that links were often overlaid over photographs. Notes from the Road was also picked as a favorite website by Time Magazine.
According to the site, "Notes from the Road is a project in experimental travel writing - it is about subjective travel; the kind of real world of random things and real people."
The focus of the online travelogue is not in specific destinations, but in the subjects of travel, from cultural history, to biology, and to the importance of travel writing in society.
Gauger originally founded the site in January 2000, to let friends know about his travels, and has since broadened to include other content such as details about political disputes between preservationists and developers in various parts of the globe.
Travel Issues.
Notes from the Road covers travel issues which are rarely covered by the travel media, such as controversial environmental battles such as those on Great Guana Cay and Sand Mountain.

</doc>
<doc id="19913422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913422" title="Glenn Goosen">
Glenn Goosen

Glenn Goosen (born 29 April 1982) is a former Zimbabwean cricketer. He was a left-handed batsman and a right-arm off-break bowler and wicket-keeper. He was born in Harare.
Goosen made four appearances for CFX Academy in the Logan Cup competition of 2001/02, batting in the upper-middle order. He recovered from his poor form in the first innings of the match to score a powerful 35 in the second innings, alongside opener Neetan Chouhan.
Goosen scored a half century in the second match against Mashonaland A, though their opponents powered their way to victory mostly courtesy of an innings of 180 from Mark Vermeulen. He followed this up with an unbeaten century in the next game.
Despite his form in the 2001/02 competition, he played just a single game in the following season's competition, having moved to Mashonaland. Goosen scored a duck in the first of only two innings he played for the team, though he took three catches from behind the wicket.

</doc>
<doc id="19913439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913439" title="EMDS">
EMDS

EMDS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19913451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913451" title="Some American Folk Songs Like They Used To">
Some American Folk Songs Like They Used To

Some American Folk Songs Like They Used To is an album by folk artist "Spider" John Koerner, released in 1974. The album is out of print.
Guests on the album include fellow Koerner, Ray & Glover members Dave "Snaker" Ray and Tony "Little Sun" Glover.

</doc>
<doc id="19913464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913464" title="Agnes Denes">
Agnes Denes

Agnes Denes (Dénes Ágnes; Budapest, 1931) is a Hungarian-born American conceptual artist based in New York. She is known for works in a wide range of mediums - from poetry and philosophy writings, to complex hand and computer rendered diagrams (which she terms Visual Philosophy), sculpture, and international environmental installations, such as "Wheatfield -- A Confrontation" (1982), a two-acre wheatfield in downtown Manhattan.
Biography and Early Career.
Born in Budapest, Hungary in 1931, her family survived the Nazi occupation and moved to Sweden in the mid-1940s. As a teenager, they relocated again to the United States. She has said that the repeated change in language caused her to focus on the visual arts - having "suddenly been silenced." She studied painting at the New School and Columbia University in New York, and exhibited and sold some of her work. She soon abandoned painting, due to the constraints of the canvas, and focused broadly on ideas she could explore in other mediums. "I found its vocabulary limiting"
She has since participated in more than 450 exhibitions at galleries and museums throughout the world, and has written 6 books. At some point in the late 1960s-1970s, she was married and has one son, Robert T. Frankel.
Selected works.
"What ties it all together is Ms. Denes’s insistence on marrying ambitious intellectual ideas with exquisite formal execution. In contrast to many of her conceptual and land-art peers, she has always been deeply involved with drawing." - Carol Kino, New York Times.
Ecological.
"In the history of art there have been a few artists’ artists—individuals who have emphasized in their work the raising of provocative questions and who have also tested the limits of art by taking it into new, unforeseen areas and by using it for distinctly new functions. Agnes Denes is one of these special artists." -Art historian Robert Hobbs, 1992
As a pioneer of Land Art, Agnes Denes created Rice/Tree/Burial in 1968 in Sullivan County, New York. Acknowledged as the first site-specific performance piece with ecological concerns, it was enacted ten years later on an expanded scale at Artpark in Lewiston, New York. This performance piece involved planting rice seeds in a field in upstate New York, chaining surrounding trees and burying a time capsule filled with copies of her haiku. “It was about communication with the earth,” Ms. Denes said, “and communicating with the future.”"
Arguably her best known work. It was created during a six-month period in the spring, summer, and fall of 1982 when Denes, with the support of the Public Art Fund, planted a field of golden wheat on two acres of rubble-strewn landfill near Wall Street and the World Trade Center in lower Manhattan (now the site of Battery Park City and the World Financial Center).
A monumental earthwork reclamation project and the first man-made virgin forest, situated in Ylöjärvi, Western Finland. The site was dedicated by the President of Finland upon its completion in 1996 and is legally protected for the next four hundred years.
6000 trees of an endangered species with varying heights at maturity were planted into five spirals by the artist, creating a step pyramid for each spiral when the trees are fullgrown. The trees help alleviate serious land erosion and desertification threatening Australia.
A 25 year master plan to unite a 100 kilometer-long string of forts dating from the sixteenth to the nineteenth centuries. Incorporating water and flood management, urban planning, historical preservation, landscaping, and tourism into a single plan.
A conceptual masterplan was developed for the conversion of a 97-acre municipal landfill, surrounded by water on three sides in the San Francisco Bay, into an oasis for people and nature.
Visual Philosophy.
"Ms. Denes as a highly original thinker and visualizer whose work rewards the close attention it demands." -Grace Glueck, New York Times.
"Agnes Denes drawings in the permanent collection of the Smithsonian Institution Museums"
Beginning in 1968, she began an intensive exploration of philosophy through art. The result was "an amazing body of work, distinguished by its intellectual rigor, aesthetic beauty, conceptual analysis, and environmental concern." -Jill Hartz, retrospective editor, Cornell University
"Original drawings for Isometric Systems, from the Museum of Modern Art Collection"
Sculpture.
"A gallery exhibition can only suggest how far and wide the polymathic Ms. Denes has ranged over material and mental worlds during the past four decades. It would take a full-scale museum retrospective to do that." -Ken Johnson, New York Times 2012
Public Collections.
She is represented by Leslie Tonkonow Artworks + Projects, New York.
Awards.
Four fellowships from the National Endowment for the Arts;
Four grants from the New York State Council on the Arts;
The DAAD Fellowship, Berlin, Germany (1978);
American Academy of Arts and Letters Purchase Award (1985);
Eugene McDermott Award in the Arts at MIT (1990);
Rome Prize from the American Academy in Rome (1998);
Jill Watson Award for Transdisciplinary Achievement in the Arts from Carnegie Mellon University (1999);
Anonymous Was a Woman Award (2007);
Ambassador’s Award for Cultural Diplomacy (2008) from the American Embassy in Hungary.

</doc>
<doc id="19913478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913478" title="Livingston Manor Central School District">
Livingston Manor Central School District

Livingston Manor Central School is a school district in Livingston Manor, New York, USA. The superintendent is Deborah L. Fox.
History.
The school was built in 1938. It is located on the peninsula of Sherwood Island.
Athletics.
Livingston Manor competes in Section IX Class "D" for all sports. They were 2010 and 2011 Class "D" State Champion in Softball and 2011 State Champion for Baseball. Livingston Manor holds at least 1 Section title in every sport program they have.

</doc>
<doc id="19913484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913484" title="Granitsa, Ioannina">
Granitsa, Ioannina

Granitsa ( from the Slavic word for "border") is a village in the municipal unit of Molossoi, Ioannina regional unit, Greece. In 2001 its population was 187, of which only 80 people stay in the village all year. It is situated on a hillside on the left bank of the river Tyria. It is 4 km southeast of Polydoro, 4 km west of Chinka and 24 km west of Ioannina.

</doc>
<doc id="19913508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913508" title="Cardiogeriatrics">
Cardiogeriatrics

Cardiogeriatrics or geriatric cardiology is the branch of cardiology and geriatric medicine that deals with the cardiovascular disorders in elderly people.
Cardiac disorders as coronary heart disease (including myocardial infarction, heart failure, cardiomyopathy, arrhythmias (as atrial fibrillation) and others are common and are a major cause of mortality in elderly people. Vascular disorders such as atherosclerosis and peripheral arterial disease cause significant morbidity and mortality in aged people.
"Guidelines of the Cardiogeriatrics Department of the Brazilian Cardiology Society" were published in English. A book about geriatric cardiology was published in 1981.
"The American Journal of Geriatric Cardiology" is the official journal of the Society of Geriatric Cardiology. 

</doc>
<doc id="19913524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913524" title="A Purple Place for Dying">
A Purple Place for Dying

A Purple Place for Dying (1964) is the third novel in the Travis McGee series by John D. MacDonald.
Plot summary.
McGee is drawn away from his usual haunt of Florida by a job offer from Mona Yeoman, who suspects that her estranged husband has stolen from her considerable trust fund. Before the investigation begins, Mona is murdered before McGee's eyes by an unseen gunman. By the time he summons the police to the scene, her body has disappeared. McGee then sets out to solve her murder.

</doc>
<doc id="19913526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913526" title="Philippine Franchise Association">
Philippine Franchise Association

The Philippine Franchise Association (PFA) was founded in 1995 and is the pioneer and biggest franchise association in the Philippines. It is the voluntary self-regulating governing body for franchising in the country with 180 franchisors and allied members nationwide.
Franchising in practice.
PFA members are bound by the Fair Franchising Standards (FFS). By adhering to this code of ethics, PFA members commit themselves to respect and to apply fair set of provisions in the conduct of the sale of their franchises.
PFA pioneered and undertook numerous programs which saw a large growth in franchising in the country resulting in: 
These and other achievements have made franchising the preferred business method for more and more entrepreneurs – both aspiring and established. 

</doc>
<doc id="19913575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913575" title="Raised by Humans">
Raised by Humans

Raised by Humans is an album by folk artist "Spider" John Koerner, released in 1992. It was recorded live to 2-track at Minnesota Public Radio Station Studio M, in St. Paul, MN.
Reception.
In his Allmusic review, critic William Ruhlmann stated: "He sings in an assured, rhythmic voice that has taken on a certain gruffness since the early days of Koerner, Ray & Glover more than 30 years ago, making it all the more appropriate to the often familiar songs and enabling him to create his own distinct interpretations. He doesn't need to make albums frequently, as long as the ones he does make are as enjoyable as this one."
Track listing.
All songs traditional unless otherwise noted.
Personnel.
Production notes

</doc>
<doc id="19913577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913577" title="The Quick Red Fox">
The Quick Red Fox

The Quick Red Fox (1964) is the fourth novel in the Travis McGee series by John D. MacDonald. In it, McGee is hired to aid a fictitious Hollywood star named Lysa Dean who is being blackmailed with revealing photographs.
A note for future expansion of this article: In Chapter 6, McGee is thinking "Not necessarily Helo'ise and Abelard, Romeo and Miss Capulet, or even Nappi and Joe. But just a crumb of some kind of love there, lad." Nappi and Joe is a reference to Napoleon and Josephine, popular romantic figures at the time, and there was a silent movie with that title, directed by Alexander Butler, in 1924. 

</doc>
<doc id="19913600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913600" title="Life Is...">
Life Is...

Life Is... is the fifth original studio album to be released by Ken Hirai under the label Defstar Records (Sony Music Entertainment). When released, it reached #1 on Japan's Oricon sales. chart

</doc>
<doc id="19913611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913611" title="Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's 200 metres T13">
Athletics at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Women's 200 metres T13

The Women's 200m T13 had its competition held on September 13, with the first round at 9:45 and the Final at 18:45.

</doc>
<doc id="19913620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913620" title="Enispe">
Enispe

Enispe () was a city in ancient Arcadia. It was mentioned by Homer in the Second "Rhapsodies" of the "Iliad" as one of the Arcadian cities that participated in the Trojan War, led by general Agapenor. Even in antiquity its location was unknown. The ancient belief that it was situated on an island in the river Ladon was dismissed by Pausanias.
The location of the ancient city is still unknown, but some archaeologists believe it was situated at the locality "Sakovouni" near Vytina, where a prehistoric settlement has been excavated.

</doc>
<doc id="19913623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913623" title="Karen Latham">
Karen Latham

Karen Latham is an American painter, residing in Hastings, Minnesota. The artist is most known for her paintings of wildlife in realism painted in the style of miniature, as are her daughters, Bonnie and Rebecca, with whom she exhibits.
Biography.
Karen Latham began painting portraits at the age of 10. As a child she painted with watercolors and acrylics. She has owned the Nature's Palette Gallery in Hastings, Minnesota, where she has held art classes. She is married to Ken Latham a chemical engineer at 3M. Latham home schooled her artistic daughters, Bonnie, born in 1984, and Rebecca, who also live in Hastings.
Latham paints wildlife, using acrylics, in naturalist, realist, representationism and realism styles. She also makes portraits. Karen Latham and her daughter, Rebecca, illustrated the "V is for Viking" (2003) children's book, and their work was included in the "P is for Passport" (2003) book. Karen won an Award of Excellence for "In the Light" at a Society of Animal Artists exhibition in 2004. Latham was an award winner at the national 2004 and 2005 Arts for the Parks contests. One of Karen's paintings was selected for the 2008 Illinois Conservation Stamp.
Latham women.
Karen Latham exhibits with her daughters, Bonnie and Rebecca, all of whom make realist paintings of wildlife in miniature. The girls started to paint in earnest about the age of 12 and their works were shown in the family's art gallery, by or before 2000.
Bonnie's painting of a pintail duck was selected for the 2000 Federal Junior duck stamp, a contest for students from kindergarten through the 12th grade, winning a trip with her parents to Washington, D.C. and a $2,500 scholarship. The winning stamp is sold for $5 as a collectible stamp. Rebecca had paintings was selected for the 2009 Illinois Conservation Stamp and 2003 Minnesota Turkey Stamp.
The Latham women's paintings have been shown in the Smithsonian, Nature in Art museum (UK), Hiram Blauvelt museum, and the Gilcrease museum. In 2007, all three exhibited their work at Seaside Art Gallery in Nags Head, Alaska for the 16th International Miniature Art Show. Their artwork has been featured in numerous art publications including Wildlife Art magazine and Wildscape Magazine. All three women have each been named "artist of the year" by conservation organizations, are members of many art and wildlife societies, and are signature members of the Society of Animal Artists, which means that they participated in 15 or more annual exhibitions.

</doc>
<doc id="19913636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913636" title="Our Thing (album)">
Our Thing (album)

Our Thing is the second release by American jazz tenor saxophonist Joe Henderson on Blue Note. It features performances by Henderson, Kenny Dorham, Andrew Hill, Pete La Roca and Eddie Khan of originals by Henderson and Dorham. The CD reissue added a bonus take of "Teeter Totter".
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4.5 stars stating "Even at this relatively early stage, Joe Henderson showed his potential as a great tenorman.".

</doc>
<doc id="19913637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913637" title="Enispe (disambiguation)">
Enispe (disambiguation)

Enispe may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19913639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913639" title="Allegro de concert (Chopin)">
Allegro de concert (Chopin)

Frédéric Chopin's Allegro de concert, Op. 46, is a piece for piano, published in November 1841. It is in one movement and takes between 11 and 15 minutes to play. The principal themes are bold and expressive. It has a curious place in the Chopin canon, and while its history is obscure, the evidence supports the view, shared by Robert Schumann and others, that it started out as the first movement of a projected third piano concerto, of which the orchestral parts are either now non-existent or were never scored at all. There is no evidence that Chopin ever even started work on the latter two movements of this concerto.
History.
Chopin published his two piano concertos in 1830. That same year he wrote that he was planning a concerto for two pianos and orchestra, and would play it with his friend Napoleon Tomasz Nidecki (1807–1852) if he managed to finish it. He worked on it for some months but he had the greatest difficulty with it, and this work never eventuated; however, he may have used ideas from it in later works.
There is also evidence that Chopin started work on a third concerto for piano and orchestra. In "Chopin: The Piano Concertos", Rink quotes from an unpublished Chopin letter, dated 10 September 1841, offering Breitkopf & Härtel an "Allegro maestoso (du 3me Concerto) pour piano seul" for 1,000 francs. In November 1841, Schlesinger published the "Allegro de concert", which has a tempo indication of "Allegro maestoso", and Breitkopf & Härtel also published it in December of the same year. The work has the general characteristics of the opening movement of a concerto from around that time. It contains a lengthy introduction, with the section corresponding to the original piano solo commencing at bar 87. It seems clear that the "Allegro maestoso" Chopin referred to in his letter was the piece published two months later as "Allegro de concert", Op. 46.
The first few notes of the piece were drafted around 1832, but it is not known when the rest of the piece was written. Chopin dedicated it to Friederike Müller (1816–1895), one of his favourite pupils, who studied with him for 18 months (1839–1841). Franz Liszt gave her the nickname "Mademoiselle opus quarante- six" ("forty six", the work's opus number, in French). 
Reception.
The "Allegro de concert" includes certain devices which reflect a more virtuosic technique than that required by his two published concertos. For this reason it is considered one of Chopin's most difficult pieces, but regardless of this challenge, some pianists and critics find it unconvincing. It has received relatively little attention in the concert hall or in recordings, and it is not particularly well known to music lovers. Those who have recorded it include Claudio Arrau, Nikolai Demidenko, Garrick Ohlsson, Nikita Magaloff, Vladimir Ashkenazy and Roger Woodward. However, Chopin himself seems to have been very proud of it. He told Aleksander Hoffmann: "This is the very first piece I shall play in my first concert upon returning home to a free Warsaw". Chopin never returned to Warsaw, and it is perhaps for this reason that there is no record of him ever playing it in public. In fact, there seems to be no record of its first public performance at all. (Claude Debussy played it at the Paris Conservatoire in July 1879.) The work received one of its rare public performances at the Queen Elizabeth Hall in the early 1980s as the opening work for a 'quasi orchestral' solo piano recital that ended with only the second London performance of the equally demanding complete Alkan "Concerto for Solo Piano" by British pianist Mark Latimer.
Transcriptions.
Some attempts have been made to score the "Allegro de concert" for piano and orchestra as probably originally intended by Chopin. Jean Louis Nicodé produced two versions—one for two pianos, and a later one for piano and orchestra—but he added various parts of his own creation, amounting to 70 bars of new music (a development section after bar 205, a third tutti, etc.). He also "beefs up" the piano part towards the end. This version was first played by the Dutch pianist Marie Geselschap in New York, with an orchestra conducted by Anton Seidl.
In the early 1930s, Kazimierz Wiłkomirski made another orchestration that was faithful to Chopin's published score. The world premiere recording of this version was by Michael Ponti with the Berlin Symphony Orchestra under Völker Schmidt-Gertenbach.
The Australian pianist Alan Kogosowski went further. In addition to restructuring and augmenting Chopin's music for the "Allegro de concert" into a new treatment for piano and orchestra, he also created settings for piano and orchestra of the Nocturne in C-sharp minor, Op. posth. ""Lento con gran espressione"", and the "Bolero" in C major-A minor, Op. 19. Kogosowski put these together as a three-movement work and performed it under the misleading title of "Chopin's "Piano Concerto No. 3 in A major"" on 8 October 1999, with the Detroit Symphony Orchestra under Neeme Järvi.

</doc>
<doc id="19913675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913675" title="Albert McPhillips">
Albert McPhillips

Albert DeBurgo "Burke" McPhillips (18 January 1904 – 11 March 1971) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was a barrister and solicitor by career.
Early Years.
McPhillips was born in Victoria, British Columbia. He was the youngest son of the Hon. Mr. Justice Albert Edward McPhillips and Sophia Emily Davie, daughter of the late Hon. A.E.B. Davie, Q.C..
Military service.
McPhillips served in the Canadian Army as Captain with The Duke of Connaught's Own Rifles of Canada from 1940 to 1946.
Political career.
McPhillips was a candidate for the British Columbia Conservative Party in the Vancouver Centre (1933, 1941 provincial elections) and Victoria City (1952).
He was first elected at the Victoria riding in
the 1957 general election and was re-elected twice, in the 1958 and 1962 federal elections. McPhillips served as Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Fisheries from August 1962 to February 1963. His cousin, Davie Fulton, was Minister of Public Works around this time.
After completing his third term, the 25th Canadian Parliament, McPhillips left federal political office and was appointed to the Tariff Board of Canada.
He died suddenly at Ottawa on 11 March 1971. He was survived by his wife and two children.

</doc>
<doc id="19913679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913679" title="Gordon Chown">
Gordon Chown

Gordon Campbell Chown (15 August 1922 – 31 July 2002) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba and became a barrister and lawyer by career.
He served overseas in the army during World War Two and attained the rank of Captain. He served as President of the Young Conservatives of Manitoba (1951), and as an Alderman of Winnipeg (1952 to 1955).
He was first elected in the Winnipeg South riding in the 1957 general election, and re-elected in the landslide 1958 election, and in the minority 1962 federal election, but was defeated in the following year's election. Chown served in the 23rd to 25th Canadian Parliaments. During his last term in the House of Commons, he served as Deputy Speaker and Chairman of Committee of the Whole.
After leaving federal politics, Chown moved to Toronto. He helped to found the York County Legal Aid Plan. In 1972 he was appointed as a provincial judge, and acted in this capacity in Toronto and Hamilton until his retirement in 1992.
On 29 December 1959, he married Catherine Oliver Barton, and adopted her three children. He was a lifelong member of the Anglican Church of Canada; a Life Member of the Royal Canadian Military Institute, Toronto; and of the University of Manitoba Alumni Association. As a past member of the Royal Lake of the Woods Yacht Club and Winnipeg Winter Club, he was an avid sailor and figure skater.
He died at Brantford, Ontario on 31 July 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19913692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913692" title="Boston Medical Group">
Boston Medical Group

The Boston Medical Group is, a network of medical offices sharing research information and treatment methods for erectile dysfunction and premature ejaculation. 
Originally founded in Australia, The company opened its first office in the United States in Costa Mesa, California in 1998. Currently, Boston Medical Group has twenty-one office locations across the United States in states including California, Texas, Washington, Michigan, New York, Colorado and Florida as well as over half a dozen additional offices in several other countries, including Mexico, Brazil and Spain.
Treatment for Erectile Dysfunction, Premature Ejaculation & Hormone Therapy.
The office's primary treatment, called intracavernous pharmacotherapy (ICP), consists of administering an injection of a vasodilator drug by shoving a needle directly into the penis, which increases blood flow, and causes an erection in minutes in many patients. 
ICP treatment has been used to help create and maintain erections in patients who do not respond to more mainstream medications or are prohibited from taking these drugs because of a heart condition, diabetes or blood pressure since ICP treatments are localized and do not typically interact with other systemic medications. 
Intracavernous pharmacotherapy can be used in patients with a wide variety of ailments wherein other medications might not be as effective. For example, a study showed that over seventy percent of patients with a spinal cord injury responded positively to intracavernous pharmacotherapy and were able to achieve an erection.
In addition to ICP, Boston Medical Group also offers treatments in hormone replacement therapy (HRT), specifically for low testosterone (Low T), a sublingual form of the well-known drug Viagra which is dissolved under the tongue and quickly enters the blood stream and a variety of treatment programs designed to specifically address low libido, ED, and premature ejaculation.
Recognition.
Many of the physicians employed by Boston Medical Group themselves have won individual awards, including the Marie and Oscar Randolph award, the KCMS Robert H. Hume award for excellence in surgical research and the Physician’s Recognition Award for Continuing Medical Education by the American Medical Association, among others.
Advertising.
The company's marketing campaign, produced by Boston Men's Health Center Inc., (the management and marketing company of which Boston Medical Group is a client) has included billboards, newspaper ads, radio commercials, and TV advertisements and often utilize the "Sex for Life" Also, the company ran a radio campaign between 2007 and 2009 featuring a character named "Andrew" In his signature, common-man style, he recounts his previous battle with erectile dysfunction and premature ejaculation before visiting Boston Medical Group and touts the group as a viable alternative. Currently, the company is running a radio campaign featuring the voice of Peter Scolari.
Coverage in Media.
On April 7, 2011 the Los Angeles Times published an expose about Boston Male Medical Group's sales and compensation practices. The article was titled "Clinic settles lawsuits but still faces scrutiny over erectile dysfunction injections" and subtitled "Boston Medical Group doctors get bonuses to promote the drug injections. Some patients say they suffered from priapism and permanent damage because they were not informed of the risks." 
Competitors.
Boston Medical Group is often viewed as the first nationwide network of physicians dedicated to the treatment of Erectile Dysfunction since it was brought to the United States from Australia in 1998. Since then, many physicians have started their own practices based on similar practices and protocols developed by Boston Medical Group and the patented method of treatment they use known as the Boston Method.
Legal Cases.
After admitting to not keeping proper records in 2001 and 2002, one doctor at an office location in Manhattan was placed on probation for five years by the New York state Health Department, and was no longer allowed to treat patients with erectile dysfunction, premature ejaculation and other sexual problems. 
John Henry Howard v. Boston Medical Group trial of September 2009 was successfully appealed in favor of Boston Medical Group and decided on July 12, 2011 by the Georgia Court of Appeals noting that proper instruction was ignored by the patient and that Boston Medical Group acted correctly to ensure proper patient care.
Boston Men's Health Center Inc. which responsible for advertising and marketing of Boston Medical Group was incorrectly named in this lawsuit in the State of Georgia as is also pointed out by the Georgia Court of Appeals. Boston Men's Health Center operates as a management company for the network of individual clinics and collects a management fee from their client, Boston Medical Group, for their management services.

</doc>
<doc id="19913703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913703" title="Zoetia">
Zoetia

Zoetia ( - "Zoitia", also Ζοιτέα - "Zoitea") was a city in ancient Arcadia, Greece. The settlement was founded by Paroreus, the youngest son of Tricolonus, a relative of Lycaon. He also settled Paroria which was 10 stadia (1.8 km) from Zoetia. When Pausanias visited the city in the 2nd century AD, it was already abandoned. There remained a temple of Demeter and Artemis then. The exact location of the settlement, which was about 50 stades from Megalopolis, is unknown.

</doc>
<doc id="19913730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913730" title="United States House of Representatives election in the Northern Mariana Islands, 2008">
United States House of Representatives election in the Northern Mariana Islands, 2008

The United States House of Representatives election in the Northern Mariana Islands, 2008 took place on November 4, 2008 and was the Northern Mariana Islands' first election of a delegate to the United States House of Representatives. Since the CNMI traditionally has general elections in odd-numbered years, the November 2008 ballot contained only this office.
The Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands is the last United States jurisdiction to receive congressional respresentation in the United States House of Representatives (in the form of a non-voting delegate).
The first Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands delegate in Congressional history, Gregorio Sablan, assumed office in January 2009.
Election background.
The Consolidated Natural Resources Act of 2008 allows the Northern Mariana Islands to elect its first Delegate in history to the United States House of Representatives and created a new Northern Mariana Islands' At-large congressional district.
Under the 2008 law, the new CNMI delegate will be allowed to serve in United States Congressional committees within the House of Representatives and vote on proposed legislation on the committee level. However, he or she will have limited powers and will not be permitted to vote on full legislation on the United States House floor. The new delegate will receive all of the same allowances, benefits and compensation, including an approximately $170,000 a year salary, as a full member of the House of Representatives.
The new legislation also federalized the islands' immigration and labor controls and policies. The new provisions for United States government control over CNMI immigration policy were opposed by Governor Benigno Fitial, who filed a lawsuit in September 2008 the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia to halt the takeover. Fitial's suit contended that the immigration takeover by U.S. federal authorities, scheduled for mid-2009, would harm the economy of the Northern Mariana Islands by limiting the number of foreign aliens allowed to work in the territory. The leadership of the Northern Mariana Islands Senate opposed Fitial's lawsuit against the United States government and voted to deny a requested $400,000 in funding for the legal action.
However, though legal action was still pending at the time of the election, Governor Benigno Fitial encouraged all registered CNMI voters to cast their ballots for the new delegate on election day.
The deadline for prospective candidates to file to run in the election was August 6, 2008.
The historic first federal election did not attract as much attention, in terms of overall voter registration. Less than 13,000 people registered to vote in the lone Congressional election. These voters represented just 1/4 of the total CMNI population. This represents a 15 percent drop in the number of registered voters from the 2007 midterm legislative elections.
Candidates.
To be eligible to run in the 2008 Congressional election, each candidate must be a United States citizen at least 25 years old, and must have resided in the Northern Mariana Islands for at least seven years before the election. Candidates must also be registered CMNI voters on the day of the election (November 4, 2008) and may not be seeking any other elected office simultaneously.
The field of nine candidates for the Congressional election consists of one Republican, one Democrat and seven independents. The nine candidates represent a very diverse mix of professional backgrounds.

</doc>
<doc id="19913753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913753" title="Pearl River High School (Louisiana)">
Pearl River High School (Louisiana)

Pearl River High School is a high school in Pearl River, Louisiana, United States operated by the St. Tammany Parish School Board.
History.
Beginnings.
Milton Craddock's first campaign for the St. Tammany Parish School Board, Ward 8, included his dream for a high school in this area. Students from as far away as Talisheek were dropping out of school because it was a hardship in time and resources to attend Slidell High. Craddock was elected, and within his first six year term a one wing Pearl River High School was erected on Taylor Drive. The street was so named because in April 1966, Mr. and Mrs. Albert Taylor sold of land to the School Board for $60,120.00 as a site for the new school. Craddock was helped by Sixth Ward Board Member "Siggy" Halverson, and in 1968 the school was completed. The school began with tenth grade, and added a grade each year until the first class graduated in 1971. There were about 42 graduates. Sherry Fischer, now a retired 5th grade teacher at Riverside Elementary, was the first valedictorian. She retired after 33 years of teaching.
In addition to building a high school Craddock wanted more music in the schools. He was successful in getting band funded in the parish junior high schools, and the program grew to include elementary and high school bands. Another contribution he made was getting the School Board sponsored bus transportation to Southeastern Louisiana University in Hammond. Many students were able to continue their education after high school because of this service. A few who rode the bus were Karen Walsh, who eventually taught special education at Pearl River High, Angel Mayfield, who teaches at Riverside, and John Rosche, who is an executive with Martin Marietta.
Taylor's and Craddock's legacies continue on at Pearl River High. Taylor's great granddaughter, Mindy Todd, and Craddock's granddaughter, Laura Rosche, both graduated in 1997.
Mr. Ledet, one of the first teacher's hired at Pearl River High in 1968 retired in July 2012 after 44 years of teaching there.
Administration and Curriculum.
From 1968 to 1982 Ewell Rowley was principal of Pearl River High School. Originally from Mississippi, he moved to Pearl River prior to the opening of the school. Before his appointment as the high school's first principal, he was principal of Pearl River Junior High School. A former agriculture teacher, he was charged with the difficult task of opening the school and guiding it during its formative years.
In the summer of 1982, Lawrence "Moose" Matulich, a former mathematics teacher and head football coach, was named the second principal. Mr. Matulich was known for being a good disciplinarian and motivator. Through his leadership skills, the faculty and students united into a cohesive team.
Louis Austin was appointed the third principal in 1987, and like Mr. Rowley, he was a former agriculture teacher. Mr. Austin was highly regarded by the Pearl River community and was noted for strong interpersonal skills. His greatest asset was his ability to work with people in developing consensus on difficult issues. His daughter, Mary Lou Jordan has been the principle of Riverside Elementary in Pearl River since 1993.
Ronald Styron became Pearl River's principal in 1992. Prior to his tenure as principal, he was assistant principal under Mr. Austin. He began a program incorporating principles of site-based management which included greater decision-making on the part of the faculty and staff. In 1993 he completed his doctoral degree in educational administration.
Karen M. DeVillier was named Pearl River's first female principal and stayed from 2000-2003.
Michael Winkler became Pearl River's principal in 2003. He has been the principal for the past 10 years. In 2010 he was named St. Tammany Parish's 'Principal of the Year'.
Throughout the years, Pearl River's curriculum has been focused on meeting the needs of its community. Mrs. Russell-Anne Howard and Mrs. Carrie Grush have been well known for their care and compassion to see their students graduate. Both teachers have worked at the school for over 30 years. A strong elective program, including vocational courses, complimented a full range of traditional academic subjects. In 1985 the Board of Elementary and Secondary Education changed the diploma requirements, which triggered a curricular shift to one of a college preparatory nature. This change was felt not only at Pearl River High School, but also throughout the entire state of Louisiana.
Because of the increase in the number of credits needed for a diploma and the type of academic requirements, it became necessary in 1988 to move from a six-period day to a seven-period day. This extra credit per school year afforded students a greater chance of graduating within the usual four year time frame. It also stimulated curricular expansion which included classes such as Speech, Newspaper, Yearbook, Psychology, Twentieth Century American History, Gifted and Talented, AP Calculus, and a multitude of dual-enrollment courses.
As the population of at-risk students increased parish-wide, so did the number of programs aimed at meeting their needs. Career Opportunity Preparation Education (COPE), Focus on Youth (FOCUS), and Technical Instruction of Mainstreamed Students (TIMS), represent some of the major efforts initiated to address the special concerns of this new student population.

</doc>
<doc id="19913773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913773" title="Gallus Dressler">
Gallus Dressler

Gallus Dressler (16 October 1533 – 1580/9) was a German composer and music theorist who served as Kantor in the church school at Magdeburg. Though a few of his works have remained in the choral repertoire, he is best known for his theoretical writings, especially his "Praecepta musicae poeticae" (MS, 1563), which contains some of the earliest detailed description of the compositional process of the Renaissance motet.
Life.
Dressler was born in Nebra in Thuringia, but probably received most of his musical education in the Netherlands. He seems particularly influenced by Clemens non papa, and a perusal of the musical examples he cites in his theoretical writings shows that he was strongly influenced by the Franco-Flemish generation immediately following Josquin des Prez.
After a brief tenure at Jena in 1558, Dressler succeeded Martin Agricola as Kantor of the church school in Magdeburg, where most of his career was spent. His compositions were almost entirely in the genre of the Latin motet, largely ignoring the Lutheran chorale, though he is noted for some of the first German-language motets.
Dressler studied at Wittenberg, receiving the master's degree in 1570, and was closely associated with the Philippists. In fact, when the more orthodox wing of Lutheranism became ascendant in Magdeburg, Dressler left for a position in Anhalt.
"Praecepta musicae poeticae".
Dressler's chief contribution comes to us in this unpublished manuscript, which from its organization and tone may have been his notes for teaching composition classes. As such it is one of the first sources to give in detail a practical approach to the composition of the Renaissance motet. Dressler's explication of musica poetica can be summarized in two principles: the application of the rhetorical principles of exordium, medio, and finis to the structure of a motet, and the application of the grammatical principle of a "clausula" (sentence) to smaller musical units demarcated by cadences.
The modal aspect of Dressler's musical poetics agrees in principle with that of Pietro Pontio and other contemporary theorists, but Dressler takes it a step further by teaching the use of the principal cadences of the given musical mode (cadences to the final and dominant degrees) to assert stability in the exordium and the finis, and cadences to other degree during the medio to provide contrast and interest.
Dressler's treatise also includes a brief but perceptive sketch in which he identifies four phases in the history of Renaissance music: the John Dunstaple/Guillaume Dufay generation, Josquin des Prez, the post-Josquin generation (dominated, in his mind, by Clemens non papa), and Dressler's own contemporaries.
The Latin text as published by Bernhard Engelke in "Geschichtsblätter für Stadt und Land Magdeburg", XLIX-L (1914-1915) is available online through Thesaurus Musicarum Latinarum, but it is somewhat flawed. A new critical text and English translation by Robert Forgacs was published in 2007 by the University of Illinois Press.

</doc>
<doc id="19913785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913785" title="Silver Island Range">
Silver Island Range

The Silver Island Range, (also called "Silver Island Mountains"), is a mountain range in Utah, in the northwest corner of Tooele County and the southwest corner of Box Elder County, about northeast of Wendover.
The Silver Island Range lies at the west perimeter of the Great Salt Lake Desert; the southeast flank of the range is on the northwest border of the Bonneville Salt Flats.
Geography.
The Silver Island Range is a rough triangular area which extends into Utah from the Utah - Nevada border, with the Pilot Valley Playa to the west and the Great Salt Lake Desert to the east. The wilderness area includes with sloping stream terraces, foothills, canyons, and steep mountains. Elevation starts at at the base of the range, to more than at the summits. The two tallest peaks in the range are Graham Peak, at , and Cobb Peak, at . With no perennial streams, vegetation on the rocky slopes is sparse, consisting of juniper, sagebrush, ricegrass and ephedra along with other desert shrubs and grasses.
Geology.
Bedrock in the range includes faulted and folded fossil bearing limestones. The slopes of the range have been terraced by shoreline erosion and deposition from Lake Bonneville.
History.
Historically, several caves in the Silver Island Range served as habitation for Native Americans. The range also played a role in the more recent mining history of the region, and stood as both a barrier and landmark to pioneers who crossed the inhospitable Salt Lake Desert. Donner Canyon in the northeast section of the range bears the name of the Donner-Reed party, who passed north of the area on the Hastings Cutoff.
Modern uses.
The Silver Island Range is used for all-terrain vehicle driving, camping, caving, hiking, hunting, mining, and rockhounding.

</doc>
<doc id="19913799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913799" title="Lysergic acid 2-butyl amide">
Lysergic acid 2-butyl amide

Lysergic acid 2-butyl amide (2-Butyllysergamide, LSB) is an analogue of LSD originally developed by Richard Pioch at Eli Lilly in the 1950s, but mostly publicised through research conducted by the team led by David E. Nichols at Purdue University. It is a structural isomer of LSD, with the two ethyl groups on the amide nitrogen having been replaced by a single butyl group, joined at the 2-position. It is one of the few lysergamide derivatives to exceed the potency of LSD in animal drug discrimination assays, with the (R) isomer having an ED50 of 33nmol/kg for producing drug-appropriate responding, vs 48nmol/kg for LSD itself. The corresponding (R)-2-pentyl analogue has higher binding affinity for the 5-HT1A and 5-HT2A receptors, but is less potent in producing drug-appropriate responding, suggesting that the butyl compound has a higher efficacy at the receptor target. The drug discrimination assay for LSD in rats involves both 5-HT1A and 5-HT2A mediated components, and while lysergic acid 2-butyl amide is more potent than LSD as a 5-HT1A agonist, it is slightly less potent as a 5-HT2A agonist, and so would probably be slightly less potent than LSD as a hallucinogen in humans. The main use for this drug has been in studies of the binding site at the 5-HT2A receptor through which LSD exerts most of its pharmacological effects, with the stereoselective activity of these unsymmetric monoalkyl lysergamides foreshadowing the subsequent development of compounds such as lysergic acid 2,4-dimethylazetidide (LSZ).

</doc>
<doc id="19913835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913835" title="StarGeezer">
StarGeezer

StarGeezer is an album by folk artist "Spider" John Koerner, released in 1996. Some of the songs are re-recordings of titles previously released by Koerner on albums that are no longer in print.
Reception.
In his Allmusic review, critic Thom Owens wrote "There aren't any standout songs, but the entire album has a relaxed, welcoming vibe that makes it quite a pleasant listen." Tom Sinclair of "Entertainment Weekly" called "a rootsy album of traditional folk and wry originals," and that Koerner "shows that four decades of obscurity haven't diminished his talent for making engaging music out of wholly familiar elements."
Track listing.
All songs traditional unless otherwise noted.
Personnel.
Production notes

</doc>
<doc id="19913848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913848" title="Washington County Railroad">
Washington County Railroad

Washington County Railroad or Railway may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19913866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913866" title="S. K. Shivkumar">
S. K. Shivkumar

Dr. S. K. Shivkumar (also spelt Shivakumar; Kannada:ಎಸ್. ಕೆ. ಶಿವಕುಮಾರ್) is an Indian scientist who was instrumental in the development of the telemetry system for Chandrayaan-I, India's unmanned lunar exploration mission. A native of Mysore in the state of Karnataka, he was responsible for designing the deep space communications in his capacity as mission director. He is considered the "father" of India's deep space network. A thirty two year veteran of ISRO, Shivkumar was involved in the development of the 32-meter dish antenna, an "engineering marvel" that can communicate with satellites millions of miles away.
Currently, he the director of ISRO Satellite Centre, Bangalore, India.

</doc>
<doc id="19913876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913876" title="Moritz Memorial Airport">
Moritz Memorial Airport

Moritz Memorial Airport is a city-owned public-use airport located one mile (2 km) northwest of the central business district of Beloit, a city in Mitchell County, Kansas, United States.
Facilities and aircraft.
Moritz Memorial Airport covers an area of which contains three runways: 04/22 with a 2,281 x 110 ft (726 x 34 m) turf surface, 08/26 with a 1,658 x 90 ft (505 x 27m) turf surface, and 17/35 with a 3,610 x 60 ft (1100 x 18 m) concrete surface.
For the 12-month period ending May 20, 2008, the airport had 20,000 general aviation aircraft operations, an average of 55 per day. At that time there were 13 aircraft based at this airport:
100% single-engine.

</doc>
<doc id="19913900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913900" title="1930–31 Montreal Canadiens season">
1930–31 Montreal Canadiens season

The 1930–31 Montreal Canadiens season was the team's 22nd season. The Montreal Canadiens beat the Chicago Black Hawks three games to two in a best-of-five Stanley Cup final for their second consecutive Cup win and fourth in team history.
Regular season.
Howie Morenz led the league in scoring.
Playoffs.
The Canadiens, by placing first, received a bye to the semi-finals where they met the Boston Bruins, who had won the American Division. The Canadiens took the best-of-five series three games to two to advance to the final.
Finals.
Montreal Canadiens vs. Chicago Black Hawks
"Montreal wins best-of-five series 3–2."
Montreal Canadiens 1931 Stanley Cup champions.
Sources:

</doc>
<doc id="19913909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913909" title="Stanley Meltzoff">
Stanley Meltzoff

Stanley Meltzoff (March 27, 1917 - November 9, 2006) was an American painter and was most known for his marine paintings 
The artist attended the MA Inst. Fine Arts, NYU, 1940 and the Art Students League of New York. He was a soldier Artist-Journalist with "Stars and Stripes", Italy World War II 1941-45. The artist became a full-time picture-maker in 1949. Meltzoff was a member of the Society of animal artists.
Stanley Meltzoff (1917–2006) was one of America's foremost artists and illustrators of the 20th century. Born in New York, his father Nathan was a cantor at a Manhattan synagogue and instilled in his son a keen appreciation for the arts. Stanley was educated at CCNY, graduating with a Phi Beta Kappa key and falling into an instructorship at the famed Pratt Institute of Art before the advent of World War II. During the war, he was a correspondent for "Stars and Stripes", the legendary military publication that introduced the world to Bill Mauldin and Andy Rooney, among others. Meltzoff was an illustrator, bringing to life the news of the day and creating visuals for "Puptent Poets", a small paperback of soldiers' verse that struck a nerve with every serviceman who opened its pages.
Returning to NY after the war, he spent five years alternating between teaching and art, finally gaining the artistic courage to go out on his own. The 1950s were spent creating dozens of pulp fiction paperback covers for the likes of Robert Heinlein (among many others) and completing a variety of striking pictures for a number of high-profile Madison Avenue advertisers. Along the way, he painted covers and interior spreads for the likes of "Life, National Geographic, Saturday Evening Post, The Atlantic", and many others. His 65 covers for Scientific American was an indication of the good company that demanded his work. Today his art hangs in the National Gallery (Smithsonian), Getty Museum, and many other world-class institutions.
However, with the advent of low-cost color photography and reproduction in the early 1960s, illustration artists such as Stanley found their finally honed skills less in demand. Bowing to the times, he switched gears and began painting saltwater game fish in their undersea environments. He was the first to do so, attracting the attention first of "Sports Illustrated" and later virtually all outdoor media. He painted virtually all the major big-game species, eschewing fresh water species as being easier to see and thus less interesting to paint. His art would run in virtually every major outdoor publication, including "Field and Stream, Gray's Sporting Journal, Outdoor Life, Sporting Classics, Sports Afield, Wildlife Art", and others. Widely recognized by a variety of admirers and institutions, he continued to garner accolades until the end of his life. Today it is not too much to say that virtually every fish painter of any stature still regards Stanley Meltzoff as not only the father of the genre but still its unchallenged master. Meltzoff died in 2006 at age 89. A book on his life and work will be published in late 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19913910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913910" title="Charles's Cross">
Charles's Cross

In the Middle Ages, Charles's Cross (), high in the Pyrenees, marked the frontier between the Kingdom of Navarre and the Duchy of Gascony, specifically the boundary between the Diocese of Bayonne and the Diocese of Pamplona. It was located in the "Col de Cize" just north of Roncesvalles on the Way of Saint James.
History.
According to legend, owing primarily to the "Liber peregrinationis" of Aymeric Picaud, the cross was planted by Charlemagne when he first crossed the Pyrenees on his way to Zaragoza in 778. He reportedly said a prayer to Saint James at the site, thus inaugurating the cult of James in Spain some thirty six years before his relics were rediscovered. The first reference to a cross named after Charles is in an episcopal charter of Bayonne, dated 980. A bull of Pope Paschal II in 1106 refers to the limits of the French kingdom as the "vallis que Cirsia dicitur usque Caroli crucem" (valley called Cizes as far as Charles's cross). José María Lacarra (1907–1987) affirmed that the cross was originally only a diocesan boundary, of Carolingian provenance, and was associated with the Way of Saint James. The famous Spanish historian Ramón Menéndez Pidal argued that the cross was an important stage in the pilgrim's journey because it marked their entrance into Spain.
The cross named after Charles was in fact only one of many crosses, known as the "croix bornales", that once marked the diocesan (and international) boundary in the Pyrenees between the eleventh and sixteenth centuries. Crosses sited near settlements were usually of stone. Those located further up in the mountains were usually of iron, because they were easier to transport and cheaper to manufacture. The ferrous landmarks explain the Basque toponym "gurutzgorris" and the Spanish "cruces rojas", both meaning "red crosses".
In 1160 the "Vézelay Chronicle" recorded the cross as the southern boundary of the domain of Eleanor of Aquitaine when she married Louis VII of France. The twelfth-century "Liber" mentions not only the cross, but also the hospice called "Rotolandus", Charlemagne's chapel, and the rock split by Durendal, the sword of Roland, and his tomb at Blaye. The cross is mentioned in Ralph of Diceto, who says that as a result of Richard I's campaigns in 1194 "from the castle of Verneuil until one arrives at Charles's Cross no rebels exist" ("a castello Vernolii quousque veniatur ad crucem Karoli nullus ei rebellis existat"). The "Annales sancti Albini andegavensis" (or "Annales de Saint- Aubin") record that when John became King of England in 1199 he "acquired all the kingdom which was his father's as far as the cross of King Charles" ("adquisivit totum regnum quod erat patris sui usque ad crucem Caroli regis").
Location.
Researchers have proposed various interpretations of the evidence for the cross's location for centuries. In 1637, the Basque Arnauld de Oihenart, in his "Notitia utriusque Vasconie", concluded that Charles's Cross had occupied a site that was then under the chapel of San Salvador de Ibañeta. The Béarnais Pierre de Marca followed in him in this identification. Around the turn of the twentieth century, two canons of Bayonne, Victor Pierre Dubarat (1849–1912) and Jean-Baptiste Daranatz (1869–1937), wrote that in the twelfth century the site of San Salvador de Ibañeta had been covered by nothing but Charles's Cross and the thousands of other crosses placed there by pilgrims on the Way of Saint James. According to Lacarra, this conclusion is based on a misinterpretation of the "Liber peregrinationis".
Other historians around the turn of the twentieth century placed the cross on the Roman road that passed through the mountains. The historian Jean de Jaurgain (1842–1920) believed the cross was located near Arnéguy and Valcarlos, and even identified it with the now lost "Capeyron Roge", in fact a pilgrim hospital. The historical cross which confused him was a diocesan marker, which he found labeled "Curutchegorry" on an eighteenth-century map. Louis Colas (1869–1929) was so convinced that Charlemagne had planted the cross atop the summit of Orzanzurieta, the highest peak in the region, when he repaired the road to Zaragoza, then he climbed the Pyrenees in search of its remains in 1910. The remains of a cross he did report, but these were shown to be the remains of a trigonometric column used by the military.
Others have differed in their readings of Aymeric Picaud. Piarres Narbaitz Caillava (1910–1984) denied that the cross could have been as high up as Colas suggested and still be accessible to pilgrims. He interpreted Picaud as saying it was in a "marvellous mount", which he identified with the "Col de Cizes", but still on the Roman road. Pidal proposed the peak of Astobizcar, the highest point of the route through Lepoeder, but Jimeno Jurío demonstrated that this was a misreading of Picaud, who said not that the cross was located at the "fastigium" (highest point) but was visible from it "in summitate eiusdem monti" (on a lesser summit of its mountains).
A cross outside Roncesvalles was placed in the fifteenth century by a prior of the collegiate church.

</doc>
<doc id="19913935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913935" title="Candystand">
Candystand

Candystand.com is a casual game portal owned by Funtank a wholly owned subsidiary of Publishers Clearing House and based in New York City. Launched in 1997 by Nabisco, Inc., it was the first major advergame portal available on the World Wide Web. The site was created for Nabisco by Skyworks Interactive. In August 2008, Candystand was acquired by Funtank from the Wm. Wrigley Jr. Company. Publishers Clearing House's acquisition of the property was announced in December 2010.
Today, Candystand is regarded for having a catalog of over 100+ Flash and Shockwave games. Some of its most popular games include Candystand Billiards, Monster Trucks Unleashed, Vector Tower Defense (Vector TD), Slipstream and Fancy Pants Adventure 2.
Key events.
March 30, 1997: Nabisco, managed through its Life Savers portfolio, launches Candystand.com.
2001: Nabisco is acquired by Kraft Foods. After Kraft's acquisition of Nabisco, the tagline "The Hottest Games Online" is introduced.
Spring 2003: Candystand.com did a voting poll on what will be the 5 new flavors for the Life Savers Five Flavor variety.
February 2007: Candystand.com became one of the first free game portals to offer an interface for the Wii at Wii.Candystand.com
November 2008: Candystand.com launched its first iPhone game, Blackbeard's Assault for iPhone 
January 12, 2009: Candystand.com launched Slipstream 2 a sequel to one of the site's most popular games, created by Silent Bay Studios.
June 2009: Candystand rebranded their website with a new layout and the new title "The Sweetest Games Online".
July 1, 2009: Candystand.com launched Let's Dance a rhythm-dance game built in collaboration with Disney and featuring Hannah Montana.
August 2009: Candystand becomes first major game portal to integrate Facebook Connect.
January 2010: several Candystand games are made available on the PSP as well as the iPhone. Ported titles include Vector TD, Virble, Electric Box and Match Maker.
March 2010: Candystand partners with The Walt Disney Company to integrate Pixie Hollow, a virtual world based on the Disney Fairies and Tinker Bell, directly on the Candystand.com website.
May 2010: In partnership with Trident gum, Candystand.com created and launched a new game titled Trident Layers Factory. This game marks the first of several new games being developed for Cadbury Adams brands in 2010.
Candystand Profile.
On Candystand.com you have the option to create an account. Similar to other online gaming websites you can earn Trophies, compete with other's people around the world and earn prizes.

</doc>
<doc id="19913946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913946" title="Aveiro Lagoon">
Aveiro Lagoon

The Aveiro lagoon (Ria de Aveiro) is a lagoon in Portugal. It is located on the Atlantic coast of Portugal, south of the municipality of Espinho and north of Mira (to the north of the Cape Mondego). Its average area covers approximately 75 km². It is named after the city of Aveiro, which is the chief urban centre located near to the lagoon. Other urban centres near the Ria de Aveiro are Ílhavo, Gafanha da Nazaré, Estarreja, Ovar and Esmoriz. Some beaches nearby include those of Barra, Costa Nova, Torreira, Vagueira, Furadouro, Cortegaça and Praia de Mira. There are also beaches in the São Jacinto Peninsula.
The Aveiro Lagoon is beyond a mere geographical feature of Portugal. This 45-kilometer-long lagoon stands as one of Europe's last remaining untouched coastal marshland. It is also a haven for numerous bird species. The locals call this rich lagoon Ria de Aveiro. Tourism and aquaculture are the mainstay of the Aveiro Lagoon region. It is also renowned for its artisan fishing and as a center for the collection of Fleur de sel, an expensive salt variety. 
a

</doc>
<doc id="19913967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913967" title="2008 The Coffee Club V8 Supercar Challenge">
2008 The Coffee Club V8 Supercar Challenge

The 2008 The Coffee Club V8 Supercar Challenge is the eleventh round of the 2008 V8 Supercar season. It was held on the weekend of the 24 to 26 October at the Surfers Paradise Street Circuit in Queensland.
Qualifying.
Qualifying rounds for the race were held on Friday the 24 October 2008.
Race 1.
Race 1 was held on Saturday the 25 October 2008.
Race 2.
Race 2 was held on Sunday the 26 October 2008.
Race 3.
Race 3 was held on Sunday the 26 October 2008.
Other categories.
The 2008 Nikon Indy 300 had five categories (including V8 Supercars) of racing.

</doc>
<doc id="19913970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913970" title="James M. Taylor">
James M. Taylor

James Martin Taylor (November 27, 1930 – September 4, 1970) was a United States Air Force astronaut and test pilot. Although he trained for the USAF Manned Orbital Laboratory (MOL), the program was cancelled before any of the MOL crews reached space.
Taylor was born in Stamps, Arkansas and graduated in 1959 from the University of Michigan with a bachelor of science degree in electrical engineering. He joined the USAF and trained as a test pilot, graduating from the U.S. Air Force Test Pilot School in class 63A and MOL. In 1965, he was selected as one of the first astronauts to the Air Force's classified Manned Orbital Laboratory. The MOL program, canceled in 1969 before sending any astronauts into space, was to man a military space station with Air Force astronauts using a modified Gemini spacecraft. The history of the MOL program was presented in the Public Television series NOVA episode called "Astrospies" which first aired February 12, 2008.
After the MOL program cancellation, Taylor continued his USAF career as an instructor at the Test Pilot School and served as deputy commandant. On September 4, 1970, he and French air force exchange test pilot trainee, Pierre J. du Bucq, were killed when their T-38 aircraft crashed during a training mission at Palmdale Regional Airport. The crash was caused by severe wake turbulence from a C-141 that was performing touch-and-goes on an intersecting runway. In memory of Taylor, the Test Pilot School presented the James M. Taylor Award to the outstanding graduate of the Experimental Test Pilot Course (Phase 1). The award was discontinued after class 71B when the school's curriculum was revised to eliminate the Phase I and II designation.
Attended by his fellow MOL astronauts, Taylor was buried at McChord Air Force Base in Pierce County, Washington. He is survived by his wife, Jacquelyn, and three children.

</doc>
<doc id="19913991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19913991" title="Profil (literary magazine)">
Profil (literary magazine)

Profil was a Norwegian literary magazine which had great influence in the late 1960s and the 1970s. The magazine was founded in 1938 as "Filologen", a house organ for the Faculty of Humanities at the University of Oslo. Its name was changed to "Profil" in 1959. In 1966 the magazine was taken over by a group of radical students. They opposed established literary views, and introduced the modernist literature. The circle of writers that emerged are often referred to as the "Profil Generation".
Modernism.
Among the contributors to the magazine were Jan Erik Vold, Dag Solstad, Tor Obrestad, Espen Haavardsholm, Eldrid Lunden, Liv Køltzow, Paal-Helge Haugen, Einar Økland and Stein Mehren. Realistic novels and symbolist poetry were attacked, while modernist literature was introduced and supported.
Political period.
From 1968 and onwards several of the Profil writers became politically left wing activists, and started writing political poems, songs and novels. Examples of so called working class literature are Obrestad's poetry collection "Vårt daglege brød" (1968), Haavardsholm's novel "Zink" (1971), Solstad's novel "Arild Asnes 1970" (1971) and Obrestad's novel "Sauda! Streik!" (1972). Liv Køltzow's novel "Hvem bestemmer over Bjørg og Unni?" (1972) is regarded as Norway's first example of militant and socialist feminism.
Song books.
The Profil songbooks were eight books issued 1972–1975, subtitled "Songar frå folkets kamp".
Post-modernism.
The magazine disappeared around 1980. It was relaunched 1984–1989 as a general cultural magazine. Some of the most profiled political writers from the 1970s later concluded that the working class literature experiment was a failure.

</doc>
<doc id="19914004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914004" title="Allegheny Athletic Association">
Allegheny Athletic Association

The Allegheny Athletic Association was an athletic club that fielded the first ever professional American football player and later the first fully professional football team. The organization was founded in 1890 as a regional athletic club in Allegheny, Pennsylvania, which is today the North Shore of Pittsburgh.
History.
Origins.
The Allegheny team was assembled in 1890. At that time athletic clubs and associations, ranging from the best with extensive facilities to local organizations with minimum meeting rooms, were in their prime as a source of fraternal fellowship for athletes. In most sports, Allegheny provided very little competition for the more established East End Gymnasium Club (EEGC), which in 1892 became the Pittsburgh Athletic Club. Allegheny soon took up football largely when the club discovered that it could give them a recruiting edge over the East Enders. Many Allegheny club members had gone to eastern colleges and played football. Members O. D. Thompson and John Moorehead, were former teammates of Walter Camp, the inventor of the modern game, who had become a successful Pittsburgh lawyer. The team also immediately gave Allegheny a strong following since the East Enders did not have a football team at the time. Allegheny's backfield during that inaugural year had A. S. Valentine, at quarterback; two track stars in Harry Oliver and Harry Fry as the halfbacks; and O.D. Thompson at fullback.
In what may have been the first official football game in modern-day Pittsburgh, the club's inaugural season began on October 11, 1890 when Allegheny played the Western University of Pennsylvania (later renamed the University of Pittsburgh) at Exposition Park, on what is today the parking area between PNC Park and Heinz Field, in front of a crowd of 500 spectators. Allegheny won the game easily, 38-0, but the contest was significant since it marked the official start of Pitt's football program. prior to the game, Allegheny was to play Shady Side Academy, however the team failed to show up for the game and were replaced the Western University team. Allegheny went on to defeat Shady Side Academy a week later, 32-0.
Although the eleven players styled themselves the "All-Pittsburghs", who were really a collection of local athletes masquerading as a team.
Significantly, several of the pick-ups were members of the East End Gym such as William Kirschner and Grant Dibert. This game foreshadowed the start of the upcoming rivailry between Allegheny and the Pittsburgh Athletic Club. Allegheny would go on to defeat the inexperienced team by a score of 22-6.
November 1, 1890 Allegheny scheduled a game against the Princeton University Preparatory team, paying them $150. The prep team was a far cry from the Princeton's varsity team. Allegheny would end up losing to the touring Princeton team, 44-6. The season concluded with a 6-6 tie with the Detroit Athletic Club and a 6-4 loss to the Cleveland Athletic Club, both amateur club squads. However the Allegheny Athletic Association was regarded as the local champions that season.
Threat from Pittsburgh.
Allegheny began their 1891 season recognized as the premier football team in western Pennsylvania. The year began with the club's admission into the Amateur Athletic Union, which increased the prestige of the club that their membership of more than 330 now equalled that of the older Pittsburgh Athletic Club (still officially called the East End Gym at the time). However by early October, the Pittsburgh club emerged onto the football scene. At this time, Harry Fry, who was in the line-up for Allegheny a year earlier, jumped to East End team.
Allegheny finally began their 1891 season on October 24. Their line-up included veteran players A.S. Valentine, Ed Brainard, Harry and John Oliver, O.D. Thompson and John Moorehead. Norman McClintock, formerly of Yale, was a new addition for the team at end. Surprisingly though, Doc Proctor of the East End team appeared in Allegheny's starting backfield that day. The team played against the Greensburg Athletic Association to post a 10-0 win. However a week later Allegheny lost to the Cleveland Athletic Club, led by Billy Rhodes, 22-4.
A November 11, 1891 game against the Dayton Athletic Club, a dispute arose over the rules of the, still relatively new, game of football. When the game was over, the score stood either 10-6 Dayton or 10-6 Allegheny, or possibly 6-6, depending on just how the rules were applied. To resolve the dispute a claim was filed directly to the modern game's founder, Walter Camp. Despite Allegheny's O.D. Thompson being Camp's student and friend, the decision by Camp ended in a 10-6 Dayton victory. However after losing two games in a row, Allegheny was able to climb back to .500 with a 8-4 rally over Washington & Jefferson. However in order of putting together a competitive team, Allegheny had to convince two brothers, Ross and Lawson Fiscus, for the Greensburg Athletic Association, to play for them. Without the Fiscus brothers in their line-up, the game would have possibly ended in another Allegheny loss. Meanwhile the East End team finished posting a six-game winning streak.
Sports fans in the area soon demanded a game between East End and Allegheny. Manager O.D. Thompson tried to avoid the issue, even after he was accused of cowardice by critics. Thompson secretly knew how good the East End team was and feared of what a one-sided loss to their arch-rivals might do to the club's memberships and clubhouse subscriptions. Thompson even had to recruit not only the Fiscus brothers but also Doc Proctor and Grant Dibert of East End to fill out his backfield for the final scheduled game. So under the circumstances, Alleghent was in no condition to play a high stakes game against East End.
The team's final game of the season, was a rematch against the Cleveland Athletic Club. Allegheny's additions of Dibert, Proctor and the Fiscus brother made the match-up more even. Meanwhile Cleveland's, Billy Rhodes, did bnot make the trip to Allegheny. The game played At Exhibition Park, ended in a 6-6 tie, after the game was called due to darkness. After the game, O.D. Thompson announced his retirement as the club's manager. However newspaper reports in the "Pittsburgh Post" hinted that Thompson was forced out as the team's manager. The paper stated that unnamed club officials were very critical of how the football team was being run. Many were citical over Thompson fielding the team with East End players. However Thompson's defenders pointed out that the manager of an amateur team had very few ways to compel his men to do anything. They further stated that had Thompson not used East End players he might have had to ask for volunteers from the crowd. Also the falling attendance for the club's games was mainly due to the inclement weather that was experienced in the area throughout the autumn. But finally it was stated that a game with East End might have hurt the clubs reputation more than it would have helped bringing in money to the organization.
Path to professional football.
Up until now, there was no proof of professional athletes being used in western Pennsylvania sports. However there were some questions as to why the Fiscus brother were willing to travel over 30 miles to play for Allegheny when they had a perfectly good team in Greensburg. Or why Doc Proctor, Grant Dibert, and a couple of other Pittsburgh players performed for Allegheny, while the Pittsburgh club was outraged over Allegheny's refusal to schedule a game with them. However these examples could be ascribed to enthusiasm by the players and persuasiveness by the team managers.
The 1892 season would showcase the first two games of the Pittsburgh-Allegheny rivialry. On October 8, Allegheny played its only warm-up game against the Indiana Normal School at Exposition Park. Norman McClintock would score four touchdowns in a 20-6 Allegheny win. New changes to the team included tackle, W.W. Blunt, who was listed as team captain, while guard Billy Kountz replaced Thompson as the team's manager. The reason that Alleghney played in only one exhibition game was so that the team could effectively hide its strengths and weaknesses from Pittsburgh's scouts. The game between was schedule for October 21, Columbus Day, to be played at Pittsburgh's field.
Animosity between the two clubs remained high. The latest incident involved quarterback A.S. Valentine, who jumped to the Pittsburgh team at the beginning of the 1892 season and played in their first two games. However, without warning, he suddenly jumped back to Allegheny. Some accused Allegheny of enticing him back, while others, charged he had all along been a spy for Allegheny all along. Gamblers and odds-makers listed the Pittsburgh team as slight favorites because the game would be played on their home field and because they had more experience working together.
Shortly before the game, the Pittsburgh A.C. was in need of a replacement at center, due to their regular player being injured. Pittsburgh captain Charley Aull, reportedly told the officials from both teams that he had just ran into an old friend named "Stayer", who agreed to play in the game at center. Both teams agreed to let "Stayer" play. The hard-fought game between the two clubs ended in a 6-6 tie, with William Kirschner (for Pittsburgh) and Doc Proctor scoring the games only scores. As a result of the contest, the two clubs divided $1,200 in gate receipts and each processed about 100 new members in the following two months.
The game only added fuel to rivialry as Pittsburgh accused the Allegheny of dirty play to purposely injure Kirschner. Meanwhile Allegheny countered that Kirschner was a professional who didn't belong on the field anyway. Meanwhile Allegheny's E.V. Paul announced that he was willing to bet anyone that Pittsburgh had indeed used a professional in the game. Suspicion soon focused on the mysterious Pittsburgh player "Stayer". Allegheny soon began with accusing "Stayer" of being a hired player after the supposedly injured player he replaced appeared healthy the next day when Pittsburgh had another game. It was soon discovered that "Strayers" real name was A.C. Read, the captain of the Penn State University football team. The revelation came a shocker to sports fans in the area. Now neither club would hesitate to take the final step to professionalism. The rematch was scheduled to be played in three weeks.
On the day of the rematch between the two clubs, Sport Donnelly, Ed Malley and William "Pudge" Heffelfinger of the Chicago Athletic Association Football team appeared in the Allegheny line-up. Pittsburgh objected to the new additions in the line-up and the game was originally called a 6-0 forfeit after the Pittsburgh players walked off the field in protest. However O.D. Thompson reappeared and reclaimed his position as Allegheny manager. After arguments and deliberations, the platers took the field. The game ended in a 4-0 Allegheny win, with Heffelfinger scoring the games only points on a 35 yard fumble recovery for a touchdown. However while the three Chicago players gave Allegheny an advantage, however they had never practiced with their new teammates and a lot of mistakes were made. This kept the tight-knit Pittsburgh team competitive throughout the game.
Both teams were upset about the outcome of the game. Allegheny was unable to collect on their bets, while Pittsburgh was angered over the Chicago players being imported into the contest. Pittsburgh called Heffelfinger a paid professional and insisted he had been paid $500 to play in the game. On top of that, the team charged that all three Chicago men had received twice their travel expenses, making them paid professionals. Meanwhile Allegheny accused Pittsburgh of hiring Simon Martin, who was promised a job at the club for his participation. Both teams threatened to take their complaints to the Amateur Athletic Association, but later backed down after realizing that each's own activities would be closely scrutinized.
There were reports that some Allegheny players had quit the team rather than be associated with professionalism. While some regular A.A.A. players wanted to be paid for playing. Pittsburgh newspapers, continued to refer to both teams as amateurs while printing most of the charges of professionalism.
First professional player.
In the 1960s a man named Nelson Ross, walked into the office of Dan Rooney, the president of the Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League. After a brief discussion, the man gave Rooney a typed, 49-page manuscript about the early history of pro football. Ross' examination of Pittsburgh newspapers indicated that the first pro football player actually was Pudge Heffelfinger, an all-American guard from Yale, who was hired play for Allegheny on November 12, 1892 for $500. Up until then John Brallier, of the Latrobe Athletic Association, was considered the first professional football player. The Pro Football Hall of Fame soon discovered a page torn from an 1892 account ledger prepared by Allegheny manager, O.D. Thompson, that included the line item: "Game performance bonus to W. Heffelfinger for playing (cash) $500."
Heffelfinger, who was working as a railroad clerk in Chicago, and had earlier turned down an offer to play for the Pittsburgh Athletic Club for $250. This set off quite a controversy as Pittsburgh A.C. protested the presence of Heffelfinger and other Chicago Athletic Association players. Allegheny retaliated with the fact that Pittsburgh had imported players as well. The game was played at Recreation Park, which was located on Pittsburgh's north shore. The spot is marked by a historic marker.
It later turned out that Heffelfinger received $500 plus $25 in expenses for the game, too much for a low-paid railroad clerk to pass up. Two of his Chicago teammates received “liberal” expense money. Thus, William (Pudge) Heffelfinger now is acknowledged as the first professional football player anywhere. The next week, Allegheny paid former Princeton tight end Ben "Sport" Donnelly $250 to play against Washington & Jefferson, and despite having two pros in their line-up, the Allegheny would go on to lose the game, 8-0.
A professional football club.
In 1893, Allegheny and Pittsburgh split two games, with Pittsburgh winning 6-0 at Exposition Park and Allegheny evening the score, 8-4, at Pittsburgh's field. That season Allegheny put Peter Wright, James Van Cleve, and Ollie Rafferty under contract for $50 per game for the season. Other Pittsburgh teams began hiring players, but Allegheny remained the top local football club for the next two years. When the team started slowly, Sport Donnelly was brought in as player-coach, becoming the first man to coach a known professional football team. Donnelly was paid to coach the team, however he still played for them for free.
In 1894 the Allegheny looked to be the stronger of the two teams. They defeated a team from Sewickley, 18-0, Indiana Normal 16-0, and the Carnegie Athletic Club 33-0. A three game series between Pittsburgh and Allegheny would be played to determine the western Pennsylvania champions. In late October a game was scheduled between Allegheny and Pittsburgh. Nearly 2,000 tickets were sold in advance and the actual crowd at the Pittsburgh Athletic Club was estimated at 3,000. Pittsburgh won the first game of the three game series 6-4. The second game of the series was scheduled for November 6. Prior to the game, an unnamed Pittsburgh player offered the team's signals and offering to Allegheny's Billy Kountz for $20. Allegheny reported the incident to Pittsburgh and the player was dealt with properly. Both team had hired ringers but this offense was considered blatant cheating and unacceptable. Allegheny would go on to win the second game and tie up the series. Just before Thanksgiving the third game was played and ended in a 30-4 Allegheny win. Ross Fiscus scored three touchdowns in the game. Allegheny was awarded a large trophy cup contributed by the "Pittsburgh Chronicle-Telegraph" (merged into the "Pittsburgh Post-Gazette" in 1960). Both clubs admitted to making a couple of thousand dollars on the game. The game's attendance was said to have numbered nearly 10,000 people.
AAU investigation.
In September, 1895 the Allegheny found that it was under investigation by the Amateur Athletic Union for secretly paying its players. If the AAU discovered that the Allegheny had been paying players, it would declare the club professional, and no other team would dare play them and the club's membership would dramatically fall. Hoping to avoid punishment, Allegheny simply decided not to field a team in 1895.
First fully professional team.
For the 1896 season, the Allegheny organization fielded a completely professional team. However by 1896, the Amateur Athletic Union (AAU), which discouraged professional play, began the process of suspending the Allegheny team for its flagrant violations of amateur rules. Knowing that it would soon be barred from competition by the AAU, the Allegheny Athletic Association defiantly emptied its treasury to import a team of all-stars, including Heffelfinger. The team, the first completely professional team, defeated the Pittsburgh Athletic Club and the Duquesne Country and Athletic Club on consecutive days, both games by shutouts. Then, after its abbreviated two game season, the pro football turmoil had upset the club so much that the sport was dropped.

</doc>
<doc id="19914009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914009" title="Beach wrestling at the 2008 Asian Beach Games">
Beach wrestling at the 2008 Asian Beach Games

Beach wrestling at the 2008 Asian Beach Games was held in Bali, Indonesia from 24 October to 25 October 2008. The competition included only men's events for four different weight categories. 
Results.
65 kg.
October 24
75 kg.
October 25
85 kg.
October 24
+85 kg.
October 25

</doc>
<doc id="19914023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914023" title="Three Emperors' Corner">
Three Emperors' Corner

Three Emperors' Corner (, , ) is a former tripoint at the confluence of the Black and White Przemsza rivers, near the town of Mysłowice in the present-day Silesian Voivodeship of Poland. From 1871 to 1918, it marked the border between the Russian Empire, Austria-Hungary and the German Empire.
History.
It developed in the aftermath of the Partitions of Poland as a result of the border shifts and regime changes in the 19th century, including the annexation of the Free City of Kraków by the Austrian Empire after the unsuccessful Kraków Uprising in 1846. The left bank of the White Przemsza now belonged to the Austrian Grand Duchy of Cracow (part of the Austro-Hungarian monarchy from 1867). While the Upper Silesian right bank of the Black Przemsza had been annexed by Prussia already in 1742, the land between the two tributaries was part of Congress Poland, a "de facto" protectorate of the Russian Empire according to the Final Act of the 1815 Vienna Congress. However, the spot did not become a Three Emperors' Corner until the Kingdom of Prussia merged into the newly created German Empire in 1871. It remained as such till the dissolution of all three empires in the aftermath of World War I and the establishment of the Second Polish Republic in 1918. 
A less famous tripoint of those three powers had already existed near the village of Niemirów following the 1795 Third Partition of Poland, which ended the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth. Here the Prussian province of New East Prussia and Austrian West Galicia bordered on Russia. The creation of the Duchy of Warsaw on former Prussian territory by Napoleon I in 1807 erased it, and the Duchy's transformation into Congress Poland and the condominium of Kraków in 1815 led to a more stable tripoint at a new location, which lasted for over a century. The Congress Kingdom of Poland would however lose most of its autonomy after the November Uprising in 1830/31 and the January Uprising in 1863/64, later becoming incorporated as Russian Vistula Land ("Privislinsky Krai"). Finally, until the creation of the German Empire in 1871, the spot was known as the Three Countries' Corner (). 
From 1871 it assumed its most famous name, the Three Emperors' Corner. Until World War I, the tripoint was a popular tourist spot, particularly from the German Empire: two riverboats toured its vicinity, and in 1907 a Bismarck tower was built nearby according to plans designed by Wilhelm Kreis. As reported in contemporary newspapers, between 3,000 and 8,000 people visited the spot annually. 
The tripoint was abolished with the establishment of the Polish voivodeships of Kraków and Kielce on the former Austrian and Russian territory in 1919. The German territory also fell to the Polish Silesian Voivodeship upon the Upper Silesian plebiscite in 1921. The Silesian voivode Michał Grażyński had the Bismarck tower demolished in 1937/38. Currently located in an industrial area, the tripoint is a minor tourist attraction in Poland. Since 2004, it is marked by a memorial plaque, which—slightly incorrectly—refers to the spot as where three territories annexed in the Partitons of Poland met.

</doc>
<doc id="19914047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914047" title="George Lamb (disambiguation)">
George Lamb (disambiguation)

George Lamb may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19914051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914051" title="Snehal Dabi">
Snehal Dabi

Snehal Dabi is an Indian actor who became known for playing the role of "Chander Krishnakant Khote," a fun-loving gangster-wannabe in "Satya" (1998). He also played the character of "Aaj Kapoor" in the film "Love Ke Liye Kuch Bhi Karega"".
He has also worked in 

</doc>
<doc id="19914064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914064" title="Pritam Hazarika">
Pritam Hazarika

Pritam Hazarika (born 28 September 1969) was an Indian cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm off-break bowler and wicket-keeper who played for Assam. Hazarika was born in Gauhati.
Hazarika made his first-class debut for the team against Tripura in February 1988, in Assam's final game in the 1987-88 Ranji Trophy. The team won the game by an innings margin, thanks to centuries and then-best innings totals by both Rajkumar Das and Rajesh Borah.
Hazarika made a single appearance in each of the following two seasons, failing to get out of single figures each time. He was a lower-middle order batsman.

</doc>
<doc id="19914065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914065" title="Samarjit Neogi">
Samarjit Neogi

Samarjit Neogi was an Indian cricketer who played for Assam.
Neogi made a single first-class appearance, during the 1989-90 Ranji Trophy competition, against Orissa. Batting in the upper-middle order, Neogi scored 46 runs in the first innings - the second highest individual score of the innings - and 4 runs in the second.

</doc>
<doc id="19914073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914073" title="Shabbir Masani">
Shabbir Masani

Shabbir Masani is an Indian actor who played the role of "Yeda" in "Satya" and similar small and significant roles in "Asoka", "Company (film)" and "Bhoot".

</doc>
<doc id="19914079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914079" title="Manoj Bhagawati">
Manoj Bhagawati

Manoj Bhagawati was an Indian cricketer who played for Assam.
Bhagawati made a single first-class appearance, during the 1988-89 Ranji Trophy competition, against Orissa. Batting as an opener, Bhagawati scored 8 runs in the first innings and 10 runs in the second. He took one catch, and bowled one over in the match.

</doc>
<doc id="19914097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914097" title="Delhi Cloth Mills">
Delhi Cloth Mills

Delhi Cloth Mills or DCM Ltd. is a textile company founded in Delhi, India.
The company was founded as a DCM Textiles by Krishna Das Gurwala, in 1889 in Delhi, India. It was the flagship company of the DCM group which includes SRF Ltd., DCM Data Systems Ltd., DCM Housing Finance Ltd., DCM Estates & Infrastructure Ltd.
Vikram Shriram, is the Managing Director of DCM Shriram .
The company was acquired by Lala Shriram who joined the company in 1909. In the 1970s the company encountered financial problems and progress slowed.
In 1976, Shiv Nadar quit his executive job with DCM, and along with five of his friends, started a new company which later became Hindustan Computers. 
In 1999, SRF Ltd emerged as an independent entity from DCM Ltd and became a major manufacturer of belting fabrics. 

</doc>
<doc id="19914108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914108" title="Mad (Ne-Yo song)">
Mad (Ne-Yo song)

"Mad" is a song by American pop/R&B singer Ne-Yo. It is the third single from his album "Year of the Gentleman" and was produced by Stargate and himself.
Music video.
The video for the song was directed by Diane Martel. It premiered on AOL on November 25, 2008. The video, shot in black and white, presents a narrative wherein Ne-Yo argues with his girlfriend (played by Faune Chambers). After leaving, in an attempt to save a child from a car accident, someone is fatally hit. At the end of the video, it is revealed that the whole time it has been the ghost of Ne-Yo's character singing, and that it was he who was killed. The video to this song is Part 2 to his song Part of the List. 
The music video appears to mirror the 1999 American thriller The Sixth Sense from M. Night Shyamalan, in which Bruce Willis plays a psychologist who is shot by an estranged patient of his. Based on how the film was shot and portrayed, Bruce Willis is shown in many situations as if he is there physically, when in actuality he was murdered by his patient, just as how Ne-Yo appears with his girlfriend, seeming to be there physically and that she is ignoring him due to their earlier argument, when he is actually dead.
The video ranked at #63 on BET's "Notarized: Top 100 Videos of 2009" countdown.
Chart performance.
"Mad" debuted at number 97 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The next week it jumped to number 79, next to number 61, next to number 25, next to number 15, then at number 13, and finally at number 11. It has so far reached the top ten on Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs, at number 6. On the UK Singles Chart, it has so far reached #19, giving Ne-Yo his third top 20 hit from the "Year of The Gentleman" album, and his sixth overall. Despite only peaking at #19, "Mad" spent four more weeks than his number one hit "So Sick" inside the UK top 100. It has also debuted on the Canadian Hot 100 at #93 and has risen to #23.In South Africa "Mad" debuted at #40,since it has risen to #10 giving Ne-Yo his third top 10 hit from Year Of The Gentleman and his sixth overall. Also, "Mad" was #8 on Music Choice's "Demanded Top 10."

</doc>
<doc id="19914110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914110" title="1991 Miami Dolphins season">
1991 Miami Dolphins season

The 1991 Miami Dolphins season was the team's 26th as a member of the National Football League. The Dolphins failed to improve upon their previous season's output of 12–4, winning only eight games and failing to qualify for the playoffs.

</doc>
<doc id="19914122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914122" title="Dihan Slabbert">
Dihan Slabbert

Dihan Slabbert (born 3 June 1982), is a South African singer, performer, composer, producer, musician, and songwriter. He is best known as one of the lead vocalists in the South African pop group, Hi-5.
Career.
Dihan sang at an early age, as a member of the Northern Gauteng Youth Choir. In 2000, he wrote, produced and staged his first musical production, appropriately named, "Debut." He graduated from the University of Pretoria with a Bcom in Tourism Management. 
In 2003, competing against 120 young men, he was selected to become a member of boy-band Hi-5. During his years performing and touring with the group, he received several awards, including the ATKV Crescendo songwriting contest, Africa Vision, the Geraas award for best music video ("Kinders van die Wind"), as well as two Naledi award nominations for the sold-out run of "Oh Boy!" at the "Sound Stage Theatre". He recorded the Blue Bulls' new anthem "Een Hart Een Droom" as a single, and sang it in their home stadium. His "Time After Time", hit the number one spot on Highveld Stereo, a popular Johannesburg radio station. He was a guest artist in "Nataniël and Friends" at the Royal Albert Hall in London.
He has worked with South African music industry's high profile artists, including performer Nataniël, director Richard Loring, and choreographer-director Tyrone Watkins. In 2005, he recorded "Songbird" as a duet with Nataniël.
The launch of Dihan's solo career was in 2006. His second self-produced one-man show, "Prinz". was presented in English and Afrikaans. He released his first solo single and CD, "The Lava Song", a quartet of ballads, including "Silwermaan", in which he showcases his own piano rendition of Beethoven's "Moonlight Sonata".
Dihan made guest appearances on South African TV programs such as "Backstage", "7de Laan", "Free Talk", "Geraas", "Kwela", "Fiesta" and "Saterdagnag Laat".
Dihan was lead vocalist and performer in several of Tyrone Watkins' musical productions, including "Out Of This World", "Let’s Party" and "Bollywood Blitz". He starred in the "80's Sensation" at "The Performer Theatre" in Pretoria. He is currently a member of the pop-classical male vocal group, "Il Quinto."

</doc>
<doc id="19914154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914154" title="Felton Legere">
Felton Legere

Felton Fenwick Legere (18 September 1913 – 15 August 1963) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Stoney Island, Nova Scotia and became a lobster merchant by career.
He was first elected at the Shelburne—Yarmouth—Clare riding in the 1958 general election and re-elected there in the 1962 election. Legere left federal politics in 1963 after completing his term in the 25th Canadian Parliament, then died later that year.

</doc>
<doc id="19914157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914157" title="Series ALFA Steel (Revolvers)">
Series ALFA Steel (Revolvers)

The Series ALFA Steel is a series of Czech-made revolvers designed for sport shooting and personal defense needs, and for users who favor the .32 S&W and .38 special cartridges. The ALFA Series Steel is part of the three revolver series made by ALFA: Series ALFA, Series ALFA Steel, and Series HOLEK. All the Series ALFA Steel revolvers have blued finishes, and the only four models not to have a chrome finish are the four Sport models.
Models.
The Series ALFA Steel revolver models can be broken down into five groups (by caliber):
.22 WMR Models, .22 LR Models, .32 S&W Models, .38 Special models and new 9mm luger Models. Each caliber has varied cylinder capacities.
References.
Product Page for .22 LR and .22 WMR Models
Product Page for .32 S&W and .38 Special Models
Product Page for 9mm luger Models (czech language)

</doc>
<doc id="19914184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914184" title="Holly Sklar">
Holly Sklar

Holly Sklar is an author and syndicated columnist, policy analyst and strategist whose articles have appeared in hundreds of newspapers and online outlets as well as The Nation, and other publications.

</doc>
<doc id="19914212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914212" title="Buoyancy compensator (aviation)">
Buoyancy compensator (aviation)

The static buoyancy of airships in flight is not constant. It is therefore necessary to control the altitude of an airship by controlling its buoyancy: buoyancy compensation.
Changes which have an effect on buoyancy.
For example, on a flight from Friedrichshafen to Lakehurst, the rigid airship LZ 126, built in 1923-24, used 23,000 kg gasoline and 1300 kg of oil (an average consumption of 290 kg/100 km). During the landing the airship had to release approximately 24,000 cubic meters of hydrogen to balance the ship before landing it. A Zeppelin of the size of the LZ 129 Hindenburg on a flight from Frankfurt am Main to Lakehurst consumed approximately 54 tonnes of diesel with a buoyancy equivalent of 48,000 cubic metres of hydrogen, which amounted to about a quarter of the lifting gas used at the start of the flight (200,000 cubic metres). After the landing, the jettisoned hydrogen was replaced with new hydrogen.
Compensation measures.
The Zeppelin NT has no special facilities to offset the extra buoyancy by fuel consumption. Compensation takes place by using a start-weight that is higher than the buoyancy lifting level at the start and during the flight, the extra dynamic buoyancy needed for lift-off and flight is produced with engines. If, during the trip, the ship becomes lighter than air because of fuel consumption, the swivel engines are used for down pressure and landing. The relatively small size of the Zeppelin NT and a range of only 900 kilometers compared to the historical Zeppelins allowed the waiver of a ballast extraction device.
Buoyancy compensation.
With a Zeppelin two main strategies are pursued to avoid the jettisoning of lifting gas:
Fuel with a density close to air.
Only gasses have a density similar or equal to the air.
Hydrogen.
Different attempts were made on hydrogen airships, like the LZ 127 and LZ 129 to use part of the lifting gas as a propellant without much success, later ships filled with helium lacked the option.
Blaugas.
Around 1905 Blau gas was a common propellant for airships; it is named after its inventor the Augsburger chemist Hermann Blau who produced it in the Augsburger Blau gas plant. Various sources mention a mixture of propane and butane. In density it was 9% heavier than air. The Zeppelins used a different gas mixture of propylene, methane, butane, acetylene (ethyne), butylene and hydrogen.
The LZ 127 Graf Zeppelin had bi-fuel engines and could use gasoline and gas as a propellant. Twelve of the gas cells were filled with a propellant gas instead of lifting gas with a total volume of 30,000 cubic metres, enough for approximately 100 flight hours.
The fuel tank had a gasoline volume of 67 flight hours. Using both gasoline and Blau gas could give 118 hours cruise.
Water as ballast.
Dew and rainfall on the hull.
In the airships LZ 127 Graf Zeppelin and LZ 129 Hindenburg rain gutters were attached to the trunk to collect rainwater to fill the ballast water tanks during the trip. However, this procedure is weather dependent and is therefore not reliable as a standalone measure.
Water from the ground.
Captain Ernst A. Lehmann described how during World War I Zeppelins would land on the sea and pick up temporary ballast water. In 1921 the airships LZ 120 "Bodensee" and LZ 121 "Nordstern" tested the possibility on Lake Constance to use lake water to create ballast. These attempts, however, showed no satisfactory results.
Silica-gel method.
The silica gel method was tested on the LZ 129 to extract water from the humid air to increase weight. The project was terminated.
Water from fuel combustion.
The most promising procedure for ballast extraction during the journey is condensation of the engines' exhaust gasses --which consist mainly of water (steam) and carbon dioxide. The main factors affecting gainable water are the hydrogen content of the fuel and humidity. The necessary exhaust gas coolers for this method had repeated problems with corrosion in the early years.
The first trials on the DELAG-Zeppelin "LZ 13 Hansa" (1912–1916) were conducted by Wilhelm Maybach. The trials were not satisfactory, resulting in project termination.
The United States Navy reports the "USS Shenandoah (ZR-1)" (1923–25), a helium-filled rigid airship, as the first airship with ballast water from the condensation of exhaust gas. Prominent vertical slots in the airship's hull acted as exhaust condensers from which water could be collected for ballast use. A similar system was used on her sister ship, "USS Akron (ZRS-4)". The German-made "USS Los Angeles (ZR-3)", after being yielded to the U.S. as part of the post-World War I reparations, was refitted to use helium as a lifting gas --and was fitted with exhaust gas coolers to prevent jettisoning of the costly helium.
Lifting gas temperature.
Changes in the lifting gas temperature in relation to the surrounding air have an effect on the buoyancy balance: higher temperatures increase buoyancy; lower temperatures decrease buoyancy. Artificially changing the lifting gas temperature requires constant work as the gas is barely thermally isolated from the surrounding air. However, it was common to make use of natural differences in temperature such as thermal updrafts and clouds.
Preheated lifting gas.
Preheated lifting gas was tested to offset the higher weight of the Zeppelin. One variation tested on the "LZ 127 Graf Zeppelin" was to blow heated air on the lifting gas storage cells with the aim to gain buoyancy for launch.

</doc>
<doc id="19914223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914223" title="Lala Shri Ram">
Lala Shri Ram

Lala Shri Ram (April 27, 1884 - January 11, 1963) was one among the first generation of Indian businessmen under whose leadership the DCM, the erstwhile Delhi Cloth & General Mill and North India’s first textile mill grew, diversified and achieved national prominence. Beginning as a humble worker in Delhi Cloth Mills at a young age, he not only turned it around in a matter of years but also went on to set up one of India's largest business houses - the DCM Group. Born into a family of modest means, Lala Shri Ram, in the 79 years of his life, built an industrial empire manufacturing a vast variety of goods like - textiles, sugar, chemicals, vanaspati, pottery, fans, sewing machines, electric motors and capacitors. He was not only a successful industrialst but a great educationist as well. Though a modestly educated himself, Lala Shri Ram set up some of the premiere academic institutes of the country such as Shri Ram College of Commerce (SRCC) and the Lady Shri Ram (LSR) College in Delhi. As a firm believer in human values, Lala Shri Ram scrupulously pursued a business policy which had its foundation based on intellectual integrity, devotion to duty, and a liberal humanism directed towards the well-being of all sections of Indian society.
Early Years.
Born in the joint bania family of Delhi, who were the descendants from Jhajjar and earlier worked as koltwals under British rule, Lala Shri Ram had a very simple and ordinary childhood. Though the kotwals at the time of Lala Shri Ram’s birth were one of the leading businessmen of Delhi, they were certainly not wealthy by any means. The moderate wealth of the family coupled with the upbringing of joint family system did not allow Lala Shri Ram to live any extravagant life in his formative years, a trait that remained with him till his last days even after he became an industrialist of national repute. 
In 1890, when he was barely 6, Lala Shri Ram was adopted by the widow of his uncle, Girdhari Lall, who had no children. In the ensuing period, his parents, Madan Mohan Lall and Chando Devi were blessed with two more children, a girl, Kalavati and a son Shankar Lall.
Education.
Lala Shri Ram learnt the basics of reading, writing and arithmetic at a municipal school in Bazar Sitaram in Delhi. Later in 1896, he was sent to Anglo-Sanskrit School at Charkhewalan from where he matriculated in 1900 with third division marks. The death of his grandfather, Bishamber Dass and the deteriorating health of his uncle Girdhari Lall, probably impacted his performance in the examination. Though he took admission in Intermediate course in arts, the urge to work overtook him and he left the course six months later. The deteriorating condition of the family’s fortunes was another reason why left his studies. Later in life, he would often joke, “I haven’t done too badly, have I, for a third- division matriculate.”
Family.
In 1900 Lala Shri Ram got married to Phoolan Devi, the daughter of Bhagwan Dass, a filigree merchant of Dariba Kalan. They had three children namely, Murli Dhar, Dr. Bharat Ram and Charat Ram. The eldest son, Murli Dhar was entrusted to manage DCM’s cotton mill at Lyallpur (now Faisalabad) which eventually went to Pakistan. But in a tragic incident in 1949, Marli Dhar who had gone to Pakistan with his wife Swaroop Devi, died in a plane crash on his way from Lahore to Karachi. Dr. Bharat Ram and Charat Ram joined the business in DCM after graduating from St. Stephen’s College.
Tryst with Business.
Beginning his career on a monthly salary of Rs. 25 as a shop hand at Mohan Brothers, a well-known textile retail firm in Chandni Chowk in Delhi, Lala Shri Ram first started saving for his entrepreneurial venture. He thus pooled his savings with those of his friend and started a stationery shop, which failed miserably. He then partnered with his brother-in-law (sister’s husband) and set up a ginning factory at Alwar, which again did not survive for long. Having failed in two of his entrepreneurial ventures, Lala Shri Ram took up a clerical job with a firm of contractors Rai Bahadur Singh and Sons of Rawalpindi, who used to supply tents for the coronation Durbar of 1911. This is where Lala Shri Ram impressed the owner of the firm, Boota Singh, who on finding out that he belonged to the family of one of the founders of Delhi Cloth and General Mills, chided Lala Shri Ram’s father for ignoring his son’s talent.
Initial Years at DCM.
On Boota Singh’s request, Madan Mohan Mill, the father of Lala Shri Ram, who was the Secretary of DCM then agreed to allow him to join the company. Lala Shri Ram thus entered the company in 1909, which was not doing well at that time. But Lala Shri Ram would receive no salary. A lot was happening in DCM around this time. DCM had begun to do badly one more time. The momentum given by the Swadeshi movement petered out by 1907. The board noted in the company’s annual report for 1909, “the worst in the history of the cotton industry all over the world.” And there was a change of guard at DCM after 20 years. Madan Mohan Lall, Lala Shri Ram’s father, had replaced Gopal Roy as the secretary in 1906. The economic scenario worsened with the whole of North India slipping into a financial crisis in 1913. The two major mills namely Krishna Mills and Jumna Mill in North India also had to down shutters.
On joining DCM, Lala Shri Ram was initially given the responsibility of handling the accounting department. He would walk from home to the mill. He would invariably be the first to enter and the last one to leave the compound. He would scrutinize the accounts for some time and they go to the mill. This helped him forge an unbreakable bond with workmen. No wonder, Lala Shri Ram knew the names of almost all the workmen, who were in few hundreds in number.
Lala Shri Ram soon acquired a firm grip on the commercial aspects of the business, a quality which earned him in his formative years in DCM a responsibility of managing the company’s ginning mill which was not doing well. There was too much ginning capacity around the cotton fields of Punjab. Lala Shri Ram took up the challenge with gusto. To motivate the workers, he mooted an incentive scheme for them, which was not approved by the board due to the dwindling fortunes of the company. Still, this would become the hallmark of Lala Shri Ram’s way of work in the years to come. After the ginning mill, Lala Shri Ram had little difficulty in persuading his father and the DCM board to let him take charge of other departments as well: Engineering, carding and spinning. By 1912, Lala Shri Ram had become the de facto secretary of DCM. He was a workaholic and knew the mill inside out and had a head for business.
First World War: Turning Point.
The first World War for the first time brought the business acumen of Lala Shri Ram to the fore. It was around this time, Lala Shri Ram decided to divert the Dosuti (generally used for making coarse garments) and Niwar (generally used for making cots) for making tents and supply the same to the Indian army. He saw a business opportunity to serve the Indian defence for two reasons: one the army contracts were large and profitable and two, the railway authorities gave preference to the transport of goods for military use. 
Realising that all the major contracts for the army were arranged and supplied through middlemen, Lala Shri Ram came up with a grand proposal that DCM should take up an additional role of a middleman. A three-way partnership was thus formed among DCM, Diwan Chand, who had a going organization for the supply of army’s requirements, and Madan Mohan Lal who was the father of Lala Shri Ram. As per the agreement, DCM would produce tents, Lala Shri Ram in his own capacity would procure additional items as needed by the army and Diwan Chand would continue to supply these items to the army. The profits from these three streams would be pooled in and shared in the ratio of 50% to DCM, 30% to Diwan Chand and 20% to Madan Mohan Lal. DCM’s profits from the army contracts thus soared opening a new chapter in the history of the company. The company had enough money to modernize and expand as well. With higher profits, the DCM share price too began its northward journey, rising from a face value of Rs. 250 to about Rs. 1000. It was time for the Kotwals to stand up and get counted amongst the city’s wealthy people. From a few thousands, their worth was now in lakhs. Lala Shri Ram had arrived in life.
Evolution of the Company.
A major fire in the DCM factory in April 1920 provided Lala Shri Ram an opportunity to begin the reconstruction of the mill. He replaced the old machinery with new. Emboldened by the success, Lala Shri Ram in 1923 put up another proposal to set up a bleaching plant and a dyeing plant with state-of-the-art facility. His idea was to transform the company from a 19th-century outfit to a modern 20th century company. The two plants, which went on stream in 1924, made DCM a self-sufficient in yarn. The same year, Lala Shri Ram went to the board with another proposal to set up a new mill adjacent to the existing mill and the mill was ready within a year by 1925.
Over the years, DCM grew and diversified into the following businesses under Lala Shri Ram: 
1932 entered the sugar business 
1934 provided financial support to revive Bengal Potteries situated in Kolkata
1934 set up Pakistan’s first’s textile mill, Lyallpur Cotton Mills at Lyallpur (now Faisalabad) 
1938 took over Jay Engineering Works which manufactured Usha sewing machines
1940 set up DCM Chemical Works 
1945 became the first company to make fertilizer in the north
1948 set up first textile mill of independent India on Najafgarh Road in Delhi - Swatantra Bharat (Independent India) Mills
Mill in Pakistan.
Lyallpur Cotton Mills set up by Lala Shri Ram in Pakistan was nationalized after the 1965 war with India and was run by the Pakistani government. But it fell on bad times and the factory was mothballed. Later, the company was sold for its real estate.
Business Principles.
Lala Shri Ram believed that a good manager is one who knows the work his people do; and that can happen only when he dirties his hand on the machines working alongside them. This also helps the manager empathize with the worker. Thus, Bharat Ram entered the factory from the same gate as the other workers, cleaned and mopped the floors, worked the machines and put in hard manual labour. 
Once Lala Shri Ram advised the famous Kirloskar of the Kirloskar Oil Engines, “In business, you should never rely on one or two markets. Diversify your market, and spread it over a large area, so that if sales in one area slow down, the other areas can sustain us.” His advice on financial matters was equally sound, “Don’t rely on limited sources of raising finance.” 
On another occasion, Lala Shri Ram wrote to a CEO of one of his companies while responding to a proposal for a fresh investment in a lucrative business, “In life we must have some goal; our goal should not be to make money at the cost of our regular business. The proposal must definitely mean the diversion of the energies of all of you. No doubt in whatever we do the money motive is there, but there is a better motive and that is to serve the country by producing things which have not yet been produced. If I had cared in my life to get rich quickly, I might have perhaps taken to speculation and stock exchange and become either a multi-millionaire or a beggar.”
His views on mamaging the operations were also very clear: “My lifelong experience is that it is better to have a bigger turnover at lower costs and lower prices to the benefit of the manufacturer, the dealer, the agent and the customer.”
Concern for People.
Lala Shri Ram always believed that a factory could not survive with unhappy workmen. He was arguably the first businessman, with perhaps the only exception of Jamsetji Tata, to undertake labour welfare at a large scale. He not only built quarters for workers, but also ran a hospital for the employees. He constructed parks, gymnasiums and schools for the workers and their children. Apart from a provident fund, he helped open a special fund for the marriage of the daughters of the workers. He also helped create the Workmen’s Trade Union in DCM. For managers, Lala Shri Ram instituted a profit-sharing scheme if they met their targets. 
Such was his love for the workmen that when his second son, Dr. Bharat Ram got married in 1935, the entire DCM workforce was invited for the dinner. Further in 1938, when he returned from a trip to Euorope, he presented a European watch to each of the 6000 workmen of DCM.
Concern for Customers.
Lala Shri Ram would often be heard saying, “A dissatisfied customer is worse than 20 satisfied customers.” In fact, even when he was new and just managing the accounts of DCM, Lala Shri Ram, on his way back home from the plant, would often stop at few cloth shops or dealers and enquire about the quality of DCM’s cloth and provide the feedback to the plant.
He stressed a lot on market development and customer feedback. Once after visiting an exhibition for potteries, he wrote to the CEO of Bengal Potteries, one of his companies, “I went to see an exhibition yesterday, but I found that the goods prepared at Benares University and the goods sent by Gwalior Potteries were far superior to our toys, cups etc.” He further wrote, “Regarding the teapots, sample of which have been received yesterday, people complain of the colour and roughness.”
Lala Shri Ram opened exclusive stores for DCM clothes in several cities making DCM a household name. His rationale was to get as close to the customer as possible.
His views on customer satisfaction was amply clear: “If we tell our customers beforehand what the defect are they will not be displeased with us and will know that we have treated them fairly. On the other hand, if we sell our things by telling them that they are absolutely first class and later on, when they will discover that the goods are defective, they will think we have cheated them.”
Contribution to Industry.
His election in 1930 at the age of 46 as president of FICCI was the first intimation of his national stature. The same year under his leadership, FICCI resolved at its conference in Mumbai that it would not send a representative if the roundtable was not attended by Mahatma Gandhi. He also got Mahatma Gandhi inaugurate the annual general meeting of FICCI in 1931 where Lala Shri Ram appealed to the British businessmen to stop discriminating against Indians.
Lala Shri Ram was also instrumental in government granting protection to the domestic sugar industry by raising the duty on imported sugar in 1932.
As a great proponent of industrial research in India for the growth of Indian industry, Lala Shri Ram set up the Shriram Institute for Industrial Research in 1947 that became operational in 1950.
The Government of India in 1952 appointed him as one of the two members from the private sectors on the board of the public sector Sindri Fertlisers & Chemicals. Lala Shri Ram then went on to become the Chairman of the public sector firm in 1957.
Advocate of Quality Education.
As early as 1921, Lala Shri Ram demanded free and compulsory education for all. During his life, Lala Shri Ram’s main emphasis was on vocational, technical and women’s education. In 1920, he had decided to conduct first experiment in vocation-oriented education by founding the Commercial Education Trust. Over the next 40 years the trust set up no less than seven schools including Shri Ram College of Commerce (SRCC) and the Lady Shri Ram College (LSR), both in Delhi. Both the colleges are recognised as one of the best academic institutes of the country.
Lala Shri Ram was also made a member of the seven-member committee of the Planning Commission that laid the blueprint for technical education in the First Five-Year Plan. Subsequently in 1955, he was also invited to the planning committee of the Administrative Staff College in Hyderabad and the National Institute of Management in Kolkata.
Contribution to Society.
Lala Shri Ram’s desire to do something for the city earned him a rare recognition to be the first Indian to be elected as the Vice-Chairman of the Delhi Municipal Committee in the 20s. He was also one of the seven architects of the Bombay Plan of 1944-45. The others were JRD Tata, Birla, Ardeshir Dalal, Kasturbhai Lalbhai, Ardeshir Darabshaw Shroff and John Mathai.
Contribution to Art & Culture.
After independence, once the princes stopped patronizing the classical artistes, Lala Shri Ram took up the responsibility with full dedication and commitment. He would often play host to many of the leading artistes of that era such as Pt. Uday Shankar, Ustad Ali Akbar Khan, Ustad Alauddin Khan, Pt. Ravi Shankar. Gradually his passion for the music, art and culture grew and encouraged his daughters-in-law to set up some of the leading institutes of the country namely Shriram Bhartiya Kala Kendra in 1952 and Shri Ram Centre for Performing Arts in 1958, both in New Delhi.
Knighthood.
The British Government in recognition of his contribution to the society bestowed on Lala Shri Ram the prestigious knighthood in 1941. In was an honour that made him Sir Shri Ram.

</doc>
<doc id="19914229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914229" title="Thomas W. Druce">
Thomas W. Druce

Thomas W. Druce (born 18 June 1961) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives. He represented the 144th legislative district.
He graduated from William Tennent High School in 1979 and from Westminster College in 1983. He was sworn into the Pennsylvania House of Representatives in 1993. 
In 2000, he pleaded guilty to being involved in a 1999 hit and run and served two years in prison before his release in 2006. The forensic investigation of the case was the subject of an episode of "Forensic Files".
As pointed out in the Forensic Files episode, Mr. Druce initially filed a false insurance report, indicating the black Jeep leased for him by the Pennsylvania taxpayers was damaged when he struck a traffic barrel on the Pennsylvania Turnpike. After having the vehicle repaired, Druce returned the car to the leasing company, and it was eventually sold. 
When questioned by investigators in response to an anonymous tip, he denied any involvement in the fatal hit and run accident that killed Kenneth Cains, a former U.S. Marine. He provided false information to investigators, denying any involvement in the death of Mr. Cains. He continued to falsely report that he had struck a traffic barrel in the state-leased vehicle. 
Investigators located the vehicle and obtained it from the new owner. Forensic investigation yielded glass, fiber, and hair evidence. Paint and glass removed from the victim's body upon autopsy were found to match the paint and glass of the black Jeep driven by Druce. Hair recovered from the rear view mirror of the state-leased vehicle matched that of Mr. Cains, the deceased victim of Druce's accident. Fibers from Mr. Cain's blue jeans matched those recovered from the Jeep's wheel well. Seven months following the accident, Druce was charged with homicide by vehicle in the death of Kenneth Cains, as well as tampering with evidence,
insurance fraud and leaving the scene of an accident. Druce accepted a plea bargain, pleading guilty to leaving the scene of an accident, evidence tampering and insurance fraud. In return he avoided a trial, served two years in prison and paid a civil fine to the victim's family.

</doc>
<doc id="19914258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914258" title="Christina Stresemann">
Christina Stresemann

Christina Stresemann (born 1957) is a Judge at the Federal Court of Justice of Germany.
Until 2003, she worked at the District Court in Berlin, in the Berlin State Ministry of Justice and at the Chamber's Court in Cologne.
She was the personal secretary of Jutta Limbach, then Berlin Senator of Justice, from 1989 to 1992. From 1995 to 1998 she was a scientific assistant to Jutta Limbach, then President of the Federal Constitutional Court of Germany.
Christina Stresemann is the daughter of Wolfgang Stresemann and granddaughter of liberal statesman Gustav Stresemann, the Nobel Peace Prize-winning German Chancellor and Foreign Minister during the Weimar Republic. Her grandmother, Gustav Stresemann's wife Käthe, was Jewish.
Christina Stresemann is married to Ingo Müller, Professor of Administration in Hamburg.

</doc>
<doc id="19914265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914265" title="Wyalusing Valley Junior-Senior High School">
Wyalusing Valley Junior-Senior High School

The Wyalusing Valley Junior-Senior High School, commonly referred to as WVHS, is a Northeastern Pennsylvania public high school. The school is operated by the Wyalusing Area School District.
Vocational Opportunities.
WVHS has access to a vocational school called Northern Tier Career Center (NTCC) in Towanda for students that wish to advance in a hands-on or technical career. This vocational education is available to students who are in 11th and 12th grades.
Athletics.
WVHS has many school-sponsored athletic activities, including football, wrestling, basketball, (girls only) soccer, baseball, softball, track and field, volleyball, and cross country. In addition, there are cheerleading squads for the football, basketball, and wrestling teams.
Clubs.
WVHS has many clubs meant to help the community or further learning outside of the classroom in a certain subject including: Yearbook, a computer club, FBLA, FHA, chorus, band, library club, orchestra, SADD, marching band, student council, ski club, Spanish club, Envirothon, Leo Club, Science Olympiad, and Youth and Government.

</doc>
<doc id="19914276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914276" title="Jane Mary Dealy">
Jane Mary Dealy

Jane Mary Dealy (1856 – 1939) was an English artist of the later nineteenth and early twentieth centuries. She was noted for her pictures of children, and was a successful illustrator of children's books.
Born in Liverpool, she was educated at the Slade School and the Royal Academy Schools; at the latter, she won the 1880 first prize for best drawing (a silver medal and ₤10). She showed her works at the Royal Academy shows and at the Institute of Painters of Water Colours. She married Walter Lewis in 1887; after his knighthood, she was known as Lady Lewis.
The children's books she illustrated included "The Land of Little People", "Sixes and Sevens", "Children's Hymns", "Children's Prayers", and "The Easy-to-Read Storybook".

</doc>
<doc id="19914284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914284" title="Hanna Park">
Hanna Park

Kathryn Abbey Hanna Park is a public beach and city park in Jacksonville, Florida. It is located at Mayport in the Jacksonville Beaches area. It consists of of mature coastal hammock, which is increasingly rare to find along Florida's heavily developed Atlantic coast.
History.
Part of what is now Hanna Park was formerly Manhattan Beach, Florida's first beach community for African Americans during the period of segregation. Manhattan Beach was established around 1900 by blacks working on the Florida East Coast Railway. At its height the beach included amenities such as picnic pavilions, cottages, and an amusement park. It flourished until around 1940, when it was superseded as a day-trip destination by the larger American Beach in nearby Amelia Island.
In the 1940s, land for the park was donated by Winthrop Bancroft, who required that the land be named for Kathryn Abbey Hanna (November 8, 1895 – 1967, a Chicago-born educator and author who had settled in Florida and served on the board of Parks and Historical Places.
Following the Jacksonville Consolidation, the area became part of Jacksonville. The city purchased the surrounding property in the 1970s during the administration of Mayor Hans Tanzler, expanding the park. The first general purpose trail was constructed by Michael Long in 1987 as his Eagle Scout service project. Most of the land has been left in its natural, wooded state. Boardwalks were constructed over the dunes to protect vegetation.
Features.
In addition to the white sand beaches on the Atlantic Ocean, the park offers: 
Offroad bike trails.
The park has nearly of Bicycle trails that range from easy to difficult. For experienced riders, trails named "Grunt", "Misery", and "Tornado Alley" offer a challenging workout. Sanctioned races are held on a seasonal schedule and many local cyclists ride the trails on a daily basis. This trail wins the award for "Most Difficult Close to the Sea" and was rated four out of five stars on the Trails website.
Campground.
Almost 300 campsites are nestled in the woods along winding, paved roads for tent camping or RV use, plus there are six small log "cozy cabins".
Dolphin Plaza.
The park has a beachfront facility that can be rented by groups, with a view of sand dunes and surf.
Freshwater lake.
A former borrow pit for road construction in the park turned into a freshwater lake which opened in 1978. Activities available include, fishing, kayaking, paddle boating, and canoeing; lakeside picnic tables and grills are available and scenic trails surround the lake. A water playground is provided for small children.
Other amenities.
There is a visitor/interpretive center, shuffleboard & volleyball courts; throughout the park there are benches, grills, picnic shelters & tables, playground equipment, restrooms and trash barrels

</doc>
<doc id="19914290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914290" title="The Color of Fame">
The Color of Fame

The Color of Fame () is a 2008 Venezuelan drama film about a Marilyn Monroe poser and a transsexual who believes to be her reincarnation. The film was Venezuela's official submission for the 81st Annual Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film.
Plot.
Magaly (Elaiza Gil) enters a television contest looking for a Marilyn Monroe lookalike for a $25,000 prize. Her husband, Arturo (Alberto Arifa), believes is the best way to get through the financial crisis they are facing. As the challenge goes by, Magaly partners with Hector (Miguel Ferrari) who believes to be the Monroe's reincarnation in a "third world transsexual man". She begins to lose her identity and follows the same downfall of the late actress.

</doc>
<doc id="19914302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914302" title="1991 Phoenix Cardinals season">
1991 Phoenix Cardinals season

The 1991 Phoenix Cardinals season was the 72nd season the team was in the National Football League (NFL). The team failed to improve on their previous output of 5–11, winning only four games. After beginning the season 2–0, they later had an eight game losing streak and finished 4–12. This was the ninth consecutive season the Cardinals failed to qualify to the playoffs.
The Cardinals' 196 points scored is the lowest total in franchise history for a 16-game season.

</doc>
<doc id="19914334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914334" title="Narsipuram">
Narsipuram

Narsipuram is a village located in Vizianagaram district, Andhra Pradesh, three kilometres from Parvathipuram. Located on the stretch of NH-43, it is accessible by all modes of transportation and has a railway station for most of the trains from Visakhapatnam to Rayagada. Every year a local fashion show is held on Pongal (Kanuma) at Meraka.
Demographics.
According to Indian census, 2001, the demographic details of Narsipuram village is as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="19914347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914347" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Stanislaus County, California">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Stanislaus County, California

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Stanislaus County, California. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="19914402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914402" title="William Yalland">
William Yalland

William Yalland (27 June 1889 — 23 October 1914) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman who played for Gloucestershire. He was born in Fishponds and died in Ypres.
Yalland made a single first-class appearance for the team, during the 1910 County Championship, against Somerset. Batting in the lower order, Yalland scored a single run in the only innings in which he batted.

</doc>
<doc id="19914425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914425" title="Mr. Pam">
Mr. Pam

mr. Pam (born December 8, 1972) is an American female director of gay pornography. Openly bisexual, mr. Pam holds a unique position as gay adult's only female videographer.
Between 1996 and 2008, Pam shot and edited for a variety of gay pornographic studios, including Black Scorpion Video, COLT Studio Group, Hot House Entertainment, Jet Set Men, and Studio 2000. In addition, Pam edited movies directed by Chi Chi LaRue, John Rutherford, and Steven Scarborough. Her reputation in the industry took a significant upturn after she became a familiar on-camera personality in the online adult entertainment talk show "Tim & Roma! Show". She presently works with San-Francisco gay pornographic studio Naked Sword.
History.
mr. Pam was born on December 8, 1972 in San Francisco, California and given the name Pam Doré.
In 1996 when she was 24, Pam worked part-time as a video editor at the San Francisco, California pornographic film studio Falcon Studios, one of the world's largest producers of gay pornography. At that time, she lived on 18th Street in San Francisco. After Falcon staffers became concerned that the studio’s founder, Chuck Holmes, might think that a woman would not know what was male-male hot, she quickly adopted the male pseudonym "mr. Pam", with the lower case "m" signifying her gender and giving additional marketability.
In 2000 at age 27, mr. Pam worked as a Web designer for ZDNet, the first online information service to be created by a major print publishing company. To make additional money (approximately $350 a month), she had her car wrapped by MyFreeCar.com with the logo of MobileEngines, a Silicon Valley based provider of wireless entertainment services for Internet-enabled mobile phones and PDAs founded in January 1999.
In 2003, Pam began working with the online adult entertainment talk show "Tim & Roma! Show". In 2004, Pam took on the task of both directing and editing "eXposed: The Making of a Legend", a chronicling of the three-week shoot of the gay porn extravaganza "Buckleroos." Pam maintained a "family" vibe on the set of "eXposed" and "Buckleroos," something both the cast and crew found comforting. Her work on "eXposed" was lauded by Variety magazine, which said that the picture benefitted "from female helmer Pam's light touch, leavening content that's sometimes close to glorified in-house promotion."
In February 2008, Pam was nominated for "Best Editing/Hunger" and "Best Videographer/Gigolo" at the 2008 GayVN Awards, but lost out to Chris Ward/Ben Leon and to Brian Mills and Paul Wilde/FEAR, respectively. Also in 2008, Pan shot "Brothers' Reunion" for New York-based gay pornographic studio Lucas Entertainment, which finished production in June 2008 and was available in August 2008. At this same time, Pam served in a variety of positions on the online adult entertainment talk show "Tim & Roma! Show", including director, lead videographer, lighting designer, video and audio editor, and graphic designer.
By this time, Pam had gained a reputation in adult entertainment as a creative professional who brings "a strong positive energy to the set," a desired quality especially on gay pornographic shoots that are literal daylong shoots. From her view, she sees her onset persona as a "kick-ass cameraman, slutty friend, or ‘Mommy’ if the boys need a hug or someone to talk with." In addition, her open-minded nature and congenial attitudes extends to a willingness to "wipe their ass clean up accidents, piss, cum." In August 2008, New York-based gay pornographic studio Lucas Entertainment signed Pam to an exclusive videographer contract as its creative director of film and production. In September 2008, she relocated from San Francisco to New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="19914472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914472" title="Sava Dumitrescu">
Sava Dumitrescu

Sava Dumitrescu is a Romanian pharmacologist and professor at the Grigore T. Popa University of Medicine and Pharmacy in Iaşi, Romania. He also served as rector of the university. He retired from teaching in 1993, but continued his research activities.
Sava Dumitrescu published the "Handbook of Pharmacology", in 2 volumes (1981 and 1985). He is also President of the Romanian National Ethics Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="19914476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914476" title="Cristóbal Cruz">
Cristóbal Cruz

Cristóbal Cruz Rivera, also known as "Lacandón" (born May 19, 1977 in Chiapas, Mexico) is a Mexican professional boxer and former IBO and IBF Featherweight Champion.
Career.
On January 17, 1992, Cruz began his professional career, beating fellow Mexican debutant Manuel Morales with a second round knockout on the undercard of a bill headed by Tomas Valdez in Monterrey, Mexico.
After racking up 24 fights with 21 wins and 11 knockouts in just over tens years, Cruz faced Francisco Dianzo for the WBC Continental Americas featherweight title. Cruz overcame Dianzo in the eleventh round about would beat him again in 2005 with a 6th round knockout.
Road to the IBF title.
Between October 2005 and May 2007 Cruz's career looked to be coming to an end when he had seven fights with four losses and a no contest including two losses to Francisco Lorenzo.
In August 2007, Cruz started back on the comeback trail when he defeated Alberto Garza with a tenth round knockout to capture the WBC FECOMBOX featherweight title. This victory lead to a shot at the IBO featherweight title against South African champion Thomas Mashaba who had only one loss in a ten year 25 fight career. The clash took place in March 2008 at the Foxwoods Casino, Connecticut. The pair fought twelve tough rounds with Cruz having blood running from his nose from the eighth round onwards. In a major upset Cruz finished strongly breaking CompuBox record for punches thrown in a 12-round fight to take the victory by majority decision with one judge calling the fight even and two giving it to Cruz by one solitary round.
In October 2008, Cruz would vacate his newfound IBO title and aim for a bigger prize - the IBF featherweight title - which had been recently vacated by Robert Guerrero who moved up to super featherweight. He faced fellow Mexican Orlando Salido who had won an eliminator less than a year previous and had fought for the title previously, losing to Juan Manuel Márquez in 2004, his only loss since 2001 and a no contest again Guerrero in 2006. Once again Cruz overcame the odds to defeat the bookies favourite to take one of the most prestigious titles in boxing by beating a battered and swollen Salido on points.
He followed this up with a defeat of once-beaten Jorge Solís, avenging a loss earlier in his career.

</doc>
<doc id="19914510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914510" title="Stoma (disambiguation)">
Stoma (disambiguation)

Stoma may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19914528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914528" title="Good Shepherd Convent, Chennai">
Good Shepherd Convent, Chennai

The Good Shepherd Convent is an English-medium high school in Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India.
History.
It was established in 1925 in India, the roots of the convent grew as early as in 1835 in France when Sister Mary Euphrasia, sowed the seeds for the growth of the institution which has now become one of the premier group of educational institutions in Chennai and other parts of the country.

</doc>
<doc id="19914531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914531" title="Svynaryn">
Svynaryn

Svinarin (; ) is a village in Volyn Oblast (province) Ukraine; before World War II, part of Wołyń Voivodeship, Poland. Other names: S'vinazhyn, Swinarzyn, Svinazhin. 
World War II.
Under German occupation in World War II, a heavily fortified Ukrainian command headquarters of the UPA-North resided in the Świnarzyn Forest. Between January and March 1944, the town was one of several sights of battle between the Volhynia 27th Infantry Division of the Polish Home Army consisting of almost 8,000 men and women under Kazimierz Bąbiński, and the Ukrainian Insurgent Army. The 27th Division gave support to local self-defence against the UPA raids during the wave of massacres of Poles in Wołyń Voivodeship.
Nearby cities and towns include: west, Koloniya Verbichno Pervoye (2.7 nm); north: Verbichno (2.8 nm), Tulichev (3.1 nm), Cherniyuv (1.2 nm); east: Makovichi (2.1 nm), Serkizuv (2.1 nm); south: Chesnuvka (4.4 nm), Osekruv (2.1 nm). Altitude: 202 meters, or 666 feet.

</doc>
<doc id="19914540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914540" title="Western Australian Centenary Air Race">
Western Australian Centenary Air Race

__NOTOC__
The Western Australian Centenary Air Race (also known as the East-West Air Race) was a air race held in 1929 from Sydney to Perth to commemorate the Western Australia Centenary.
The £1000 handicap winner was Horrie Miller and the £300 fastest overall time prize was won by Briton Geoffrey De Havilland (22 hours 50 minutes 23 seconds), who flew the course solo, the only competitor to do so, in a modified De Havilland Gipsy Moth.
Determining results in the handicap event was found to be a difficult task, with type of machine, weather conditions, wind direction and strength of wind for each half day's hop, supplemented by times of starting being taken into consideration. 
700 people had turned out at Kalgoorlie to see the competitors off on the final leg of the race. Victorian C.D. Pratt and his co-pilot J.R. Guthrie were both seriously injured when their Gipsy Moth Corio crashed near Baandee, East of Perth. Weather conditions after leaving Tammin were said to be atrocious, with at least one forced landing and one crash. 
The 17 teams left from Mascot in Sydney on 29 September 1929 and 14 managed to finish at Maylands Aerodrome on Sunday 7 October.

</doc>
<doc id="19914541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914541" title="Britta Persson">
Britta Persson

Britta Persson is a Swedish indie pop musician from Uppsala, Sweden, who in September 2010 is releasing her third album entitled “Current Affair Medium Rare”. She has gone from making modest and very simple recordings to working with complex arrangements but always with the same straight to the point lyrics and a feeling in the melodies as if they were just meant to be.
Britta Persson had her breakthrough in her native Sweden in 2006 with the album “Top Quality Bones and a Little Terrorist”. The single Winter Tour got high rotation on radio in Scandinavia and a couple of years later also got great recognition in Europe thanks to a TV advertising campaign. <br>
2008 the follow-up album “Kill Hollywood Me” was released. It clearly showed a tendency and followed the direction towards a bigger sound and a greater production. Since the start Britta Persson has worked with artists such as Kristofer Åström and Camera Obscura.
In 2012 Persson helped co-write the song So Young So High by Swedish Duo Dada Life.

</doc>
<doc id="19914550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914550" title="Their Dogs Came with Them">
Their Dogs Came with Them

Their Dogs Came With Them (2007) is a novel by Helena Maria Viramontes. Viramontes was born in East Los Angeles, California, into a Mexican American family. She attended Garfield High School and later Immaculate Heart College where she earned her BA in English Literature. During her time in school, Viramontes became deeply influenced by the Chicano Movement. "Their Dogs Came With Them" is Viramontes most recent work. Seventeen years in production, "Their Dogs" is acclaimed for its complex characters and personal, gritty writing style. The novel is largely based on Viramontes's childhood in East Los Angeles. The book focuses on the freeway construction and difficult conditions for the Mexican Americans living in this area at the time. It also explores the formation of Chicano youth gangs and their impact on Chicano communities.
Plot summary.
"Their Dogs Came With Them" follows the lives of 4 Mexican American young women living in East Los Angeles during the 1960s. Each character’s story is told in individual chapters while their lives often intermingle. Additionally, her narration style changes from past to present, giving the reader a glimpse into their childhoods to show how their upbringings has an effect on the present. They grow up in an urban landscape, intensified by freeway construction that displaced homes, while the Quarantine Authority uses roadblocks to keep residents in East Los Angeles, “supposedly” protecting them from rabid animals.
Turtle, a girl so desperate to belong, acts like a boy to please her gang member brother, Luis Lil Lizard, who is resentful about having a girl for a sibling. After growing up in an abusive home environment, she too joins the McBride Homeboys and then lives on the streets when her brother goes to fight in Vietnam. Ermila, orphaned after her parents ran away, lives with her grandparents who do not understand the rapidly changing times and the younger generation. Her close group of school friends becomes her family, and together they experience the Chicano power movement as well as serious family and relationship problems. Tranquilina, the daughter of missionaries, is optimistic about religion despite witnessing horrible atrocities, like the cruel and revengeful murder of Ermila’s cousin Nacho, committed by the McBride Boys. And last there is Ana, who devotes herself to mentally ill brother, Ben. As a child he loses his mother, and then he accidentally leads another boy in front of a truck, killing the boy. Witnesses falsely claim that Ben tried to save the boy, and thus Ben leads a life of guilt. Together, these characters, their environments, and their families, emotionally depict the struggles of being low-class section in Los Angeles during the 1960s.
Reception.
"Their Dogs Came With Them" was published in 2007 and has been receiving growing popularity. Kate Soto writes in an article that Viramontes looks to critique to colonist exposing the problems ignored with the highway construction. The title and the story works to expose how the Quarantine Authority worked to control the people using the dogs as an excuse. Representing the power and government, the story illustrates how the people were mistreated and used.
In an interview, Viramontes says that she writes in an effort to take people to the place and the time with the people. She wants to readers to experience the book along with the characters. She writes about a place and a cultural construct that no longer exists in East LA but only exists in her memory which allows her to write fiction as she pleases (Rokitka). Viramontes’ "Their Dogs Came With Them" works to expose what she experienced as a child by illustrating how those in power, the colonists, the Quarantine Authority affect those who are weak.
Social Connections.
“I do remember a time when there weren’t any freeways, and then I do remember the neighborhood, whole city blocks abandoned, then chewed up, our neighbors disappeared.
It devastated, amputated East LA. from the rest of the city. The bulldozers resembled the conqueror’s ships coming to colonize a second time and I felt a real desire to portray the lives of those who disappeared.”
Helena Maria Viramontes, interview with La Bloga 
As evident by the excerpt from Viramontes' interview, her writing is motivated by her love for the people she writes about. She wanted to tell the story of every Mexican American living in East Los Angeles during the political and social upheaval of the 1960s-1970's. The novel uses her own childhood experiences and items such as the Vietnam War, the Chicano Moratorium, poverty and Chicano gangs, and the construction of the freeways as a backdrop to an intricately woven story of four different female protagonists. The freeway construction is an important theme in the novel and to the social climate in East Los Angeles of the time. Having no political voice, Chicano communities could not stop the destruction of neighborhoods, displacement of homes, and the isolation of divided East L.A. which followed the freeway construction. Within the context of the novel, each of the four female protagonists directly experience this isolation and attempt to accommodate for it in their own ways such as joining gangs or returning to religion. Each must find a way to survive in the aftermath and wake of being forgotten in Los Angele's progress. In addition to these very real issues, Viramontes also introduces a fictional entity called the Quarantine Authority. Composed of road blocks and police who enforce curfews that effectively 'Quarantine' the Chicano community from supposed rabid dogs. In effect, the Quarantine Authority becomes the conquerors of the Chicano neighborhood and the embodiment of the stifling isolation that the characters and communities at large from the novel experience.

</doc>
<doc id="19914570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914570" title="Karla Jessen Williamson">
Karla Jessen Williamson

Dr. Karla Jessen Williamson (born 1954, Appamiut, Maniitsoq, Greenland) is Executive Director of the Arctic Institute of North America (AINA), the first woman and first Inuk to hold the position. Fluent in Danish, English, and Greenlandic Inuktitut, she is a notable educator and researcher on cross-culturalism, multiculturalism, antiracism, and Aboriginal epistemology.
Early years.
Williamson, a Kalaallit, was born in Greenland, and received her primary education there. She graduated from high school in Denmark. She received her Bachelor’s Degree and her Master’s Degree in Education from the University of Saskatchewan in Canada, and her Ph.D. from the Department of Anthropology, University of Aberdeen in Scotland.
Career.
Williamson's research includes Inuit childbearing and gender roles in post-colonial Greenland. She taught for sixteen years in the Indian and Northern Education program at the University of Saskatchewan before moving to the AINA in 15 September 2000. She is also a Senior Researcher with the Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami. 
Because of her role with the Inuit Tapiriit Kanatami and the Arctic Human Health Initiative, Williamson became the Activity Leader for the IPY 2007-2008 project "Arctic Resiliency and Diversity: Community Response to Change" in collaboration with the Inuit Circumpolar Conference. She is a notable presenter on masking and promotes it for Inuit understanding of gender equality in relationship to ancestors, animals, and the environment. In addition, Williamson has been an editor for the
Gabriel Dumont Institute's "Journal of Indigenous Studies".
Personal life.
Williamson was married to Dr. Robert Gordon Williamson (1931-2012, Oxley, Wolverhampton, Staffordshire, England), an anthropologist, and Professor Emeritus at the University of Saskatchewan. They have two children. Karla is currently living near Saskatoon and working as assistant professor in the Department of Educational Foundations as the University of Saskatchewan..
Quote.
"The Arctic is really the canary in the coal mine in terms of climate change." (Williamson, 2003)
Partial bibliography.
Nuuk.

</doc>
<doc id="19914581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914581" title="Russell Batiste, Jr.">
Russell Batiste, Jr.

David Russell Batiste, Jr. (born December 12, 1965) is a drummer based in New Orleans.
Biography.
Brought up in a musical family, Batiste started playing drums at the age of four. He also learned to play keyboards, saxophone, guitar and bass, and started to play in the family band when he was seven.
Batiste left college after two years to join Charmaine Neville's band. He joined the funky Meters, the reincarnation of the funk band The Meters, in 1989. The funky Meters without Art Neville currently plays under the name "Porter Batiste Stoltz (PBS)". (with George Porter, Jr. on bass, and Brian Stoltz on guitar)
As a solo artist, he leads his own band Russell Batiste Jr. and the Orkestra from 'Da Hood and has released two albums under the name.
Batiste also plays regularly with organ player Joe Krown and guitarist Walter "Wolfman" Washington as the "Krown Washington Batiste" trio. This unit released a live CD "Live at the Maple Leaf" in 2008.
Batiste has performed with wide range of musicians and bands including Papa Grows Funk, Vida Blue, Harry Connick, Jr., Champion Jack Dupree, Robbie Robertson and Maceo Parker. In 1987 Batiste was in the New Orleans funk band Nuclear Rhythms featuring percussionist songwriter Rosie Rosato, psychedelic funk guitarist songwriter Dirk Billie and bassist songwriter Mark Adam Miller.

</doc>
<doc id="19914619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914619" title="Robert Whiteside">
Robert Whiteside

Robert Whiteside was an American born artist known for re-creations of Fabergé eggs for celebrities and dignitaries across the globe. His talents extended well beyond that of an artist; many considered him a modern renaissance man. He was a musician, painter, chef, pilot, and a restaurant owner on his Bed and Breakfast called the Veranda. Known for his re-creations of Fabergé eggs, Robert’s art has been seen and collected around the world. Robert's works have been granted as Gifts of State from the Reagan Administration, which also held a collection.
Early life.
Robert Whiteside was born on March 26, 1950 in Tupelo, Mississippi but was raised primarily in Texas. He moved to Dallas at age 10 and by this time, his family had already lived in 13 states. At age 13, Robert was passionate about being a musician; this led him to play several instruments including the cello, flute, oboe, saxophone, and the clarinet, which later became his major at North Texas State University. After college, he pursued the study of musical instrument repair. Robert first began metal work for musical instruments at the McCord Music Company in downtown Dallas and then quickly ventured on to goldsmithing He was first introduced to Fabergé eggs in 1972; in the same year he opened his first studio in Dallas. He obtained machines made in mid-19th century Europe, which was most famous by Fabergé, to create his eggs that have been valued from $100–50,000. Robert had also learned and produced unique guilloche enamel, also made famous by Fabergé, which is an engraved pattern resembling moiré silk that is seen through a translucent or clear enamel. Guilloche enamel was produced in the 18th century to as late as 1950 and is considered rare to be made. Whiteside was also an instrument rated private pilot and a member of the Rainbow Pilots Association. Another skill of Robert was in the culinary arts. He attended the Culinary Institute of New York and had also trained with his friends such as Christian Svalesen, who are chefs in Dallas, Tx. Robert founded his own restaurant that is located on the Veranda and was a chef that could rival those of Five-star restaurants.
Two of the most memorable moments for Robert were going to the White House to meet President Reagan and the First lady and to also meet Audrey Hepburn. Robert met Ms. Hepburn when he was chosen to create a picture frame during a UNICEF fundraiser, which housed an autographed picture of Ms. Hepburn as Holly Golightly in Breakfast at Tiffany's. Much of the work produced by Whiteside was presented to and owned by the Reagan administration; other individuals include Lady Bird Johnson and several dignitaries including Queen Silvia of Sweden, Crown Princess Michiko of Japan and the wives of Chancellor Kohl of West Germany, Prime Minister Nakasone of Japan, Prime Minister Chirac of France, Prime Minister Mulroney of Canada, President Duarte of El Salvador and President Sarney of Brazil (5). Another important event for Robert’s work appeared in a commercial for Lincoln Mercury. The original intent for the commercial was to have Forbes loan the Fabergé Coronation egg, however, curator Margaret Kelly, suggested that the car company contact Robert Whiteside to use one of his eggs in order to overcome expensive insurance and security needed to obtain the Fabergé Coronation egg. 
In 1992, Robert purchased the old Johnson farm house that was located in the western outskirt of Mt. Vernon and moved it to a estate located off FM 21 near Hopewell Community in south-central Franklin County in the Piney Woods of East Texas. Robert, in 1995, made a drastic change and moved his Dallas studio located on Inwood Rd. and Lovers Lane to a shop he built on the property. Robert continued to work on his art projects here. He opened up the Veranda Bed, Breakfast and Restaurant in 1998 and has been operating for over 10 years. 
Robert Whiteside was an artist and humanitarian. Robert was a participant in community awareness support and services. Robert’s most recent activity for his community was in setting up a music foundation for developing, teaching and performance of music. He was the appointed director of the Mt. Vernon Music board. Robert, along with the founders of this venue had goals to raise money for the purpose of supporting and stimulating awareness in the community for the need of music. His involvement in several community groups and activities was an inspiring attribute to his character. Robert also participated in various teaching positions from table etiquette for the competitors in the Miss Mount Vernon Scholarship Pageant to metallurgy for a group of welders.
Robert, a man not only known for his talents, has shown his generosity by donating his abilities. In 1987, Robert along with Gump’s, created Faberge-inspired table settings for the Crystal Charity Ball. The table setting theme created for six consisted of gilded sterling silver, royal blue guilloche enamel. All the items created for this event included: Six place card holders enhanced by a small vermeil bow and two cultured pearl feet, six pair of salt and pepper shakers accented by four cultured pearl feet, six cylindrical columned candlesticks, six napkin rings accented at each edge by a vermeil border, and for the crowning glory, a stunning Faberge inspired presentation egg mounted on Brazilian Rock crystal base. This Faberge egg was hinged with clock movement contained within the lid for display when the egg is opened. Robert had also contributed to the Fighting AIDS fundraiser by designing a jacket for Design Industries Foundation, that had sold for a large amount. Another display Robert opted for was at the invitation of Anita Madden of Louisville, Kentucky. Robert work was representative of the Kentucky Derby Eve Party. He described the theme of his work as “horsy”.
Death.
On Wednesday, November 1, 2006, Robert Whiteside at age 56, was found by his partner Warren Butler, murdered at his Veranda. It was apparent that the murder occurred during a robbery the night of October 30. The convicted shooter, Mark Aaron Rains, a 21 year old local drug user and once employed by Whiteside to help in his kitchen, was quickly found and arrested in Dallas by the repeated use of Robert’s credit card at a local gas station. He admitted three times to the crime and escaped once from jail.In exchange for the release of friends who aided in his escape and in order to avoid the death sentence, Rains plead guilty on July 1, 2008. On July 8, 2008 at the Franklin County Courthouse, Rain’s was sentenced to life imprisonment without possibility of parole. The second assailant Jose Chavez, was arrested days later and pled guilty in February, 2009. A third suspect Elbis Torres, 28, also known as “Cuz” was arrested in Cockrell Hill on October 28, 2008. He entered a guilty plea on March 24, 2009. Instead of a funeral, Warren and Robert’s brother Harry, decided on a simple service at the pond located on the Veranda property. Warren Butler has lived at the Veranda since Robert's death, however, the business closed at the end of 2009.
References.
Lillie Bush-Reves. "Businees man, community supporter lost in violence", "Mount Vernon Optic Herald" 2006 
M.T. "Robert Whiteside: Custom Jewelery and Objects of Art", "Robert Whiteside" October 9, 1999 
Casey Buechel “Friends remember Whiteside as a man with many passions”, “Daily Tribune” November 5, 2006 
Faith Huffman “Mt. Vernon man avoids death penalty with plea deal”, “Sulphur Springs News Telegram Online” July 1, 2006
Paul Meyer “Slaying of Texas B&B owner Robert Whiteside unravels a private world”, "The Dallas Morning News” August 24, 2008 
David Webb “Gay Artist Murdered in East Texas”, “Dallas Voice” November 9, 2006 
Paul Meyer “Warren Butler at peace with the past and the future after Mount Vernon murder”, “Quick” August 26, 2008

</doc>
<doc id="19914626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914626" title="Luigi Frati">
Luigi Frati

Luigi Frati (born 10 April 1943) is an Italian academic physician and rector of the Sapienza University of Rome.
Frati was born in Siena in 1943 and studied in Milan where he obtained a B.A. in medicine from the Università Cattolica del Sacro Cuore. He became known for his research activity in studies relating to the analysis of a protein that facilitates the proliferation of cells in the epidermis. Later he became a full professor at Sapienza and was made chair of general pathology in its faculty of medicine. He was a member of the Consiglio Universitario Nazionale (‘National University Council’) from 1980 to 1998, and was dean of his faculty for the 16–18 years leading up to 2008. On 3 October 2008 he was elected rector of the university.
Nepotism allegations.
Frati has come under fire for nepotism because of three members of his family holding chairs in the same university name="BBC"></ref> According to a BBC report: "Professor Frati has [... overseen the promotion of his wife from being a local high school history teacher, to becoming Professor of Medical History. His daughter also gained a post as Professor of Legal Medicine - without any specific medical education. And his son was made an associate professor in cardiology aged just 31, one of the youngest Italians to gain such an appointment."

</doc>
<doc id="19914641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914641" title="Liu Zhihua">
Liu Zhihua

Liu Zhihua is the former vice-mayor of Beijing. He was fired in 2006, and received a suspended death sentence for taking bribes of over six million yuan (valued at the time at over one million dollars (US)) in October 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19914655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914655" title="Mellon family">
Mellon family

The Mellon family is a wealthy and influential family originally of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States, and its vicinity. In addition to Mellon Bank (Since 2007 the Bank of New York Mellon) they were principally known for their control over Gulf Oil (present day Chevron-Texaco), Alcoa, "The Pittsburgh Tribune-Review", Koppers, New York Shipbuilding and Carborundum Corporation, as well as their major financial and ownership influence on Westinghouse, H.J. Heinz, "Newsweek", U.S. Steel, Credit Suisse First Boston and General Motors. The family also founded the National Gallery in both art works and funds, claims one of the longest serving U.S. Treasury Secretary, and is a patron to the University of Pittsburgh, Carnegie Mellon University, Yale University, the Albert Schweitzer Hospital, and with art the University of Virginia. Carnegie Mellon, and its Mellon College of Science, is named in honor of the family as well as for its founder, Andrew Carnegie, who was a close associate of the Mellons.
The family's founding patriarch was Judge Thomas Mellon (1813–1908), a son of Andrew Mellon and Rececca Wauchob who were Scotch-Irish farmers from Camp Hill Cottage, Lower Castletown, parish of Cappagh, County Tyrone, Northern Ireland and emigrated to what is presently the Pittsburgh suburb of north-central Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania. The family can be divided into four branches:

</doc>
<doc id="19914669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914669" title="Joseph Burstyn">
Joseph Burstyn

Joseph Burstyn (1900–1953) was a U.S. film distributor who specialized in the commercial release of foreign-language and American independent film productions. Born in Poland, he arrived in the U.S. in 1921 and initially worked as a public relations representative for the Yiddish theater circuit in New York City before becoming active in film distribution in the early 1940s.
His most famous releases include "The Forgotten Village" (1941) written by John Steinbeck, the Roberto Rosselini classics "Rome, Open City" (1945) and "Paisà" (1946), the Academy Award-nominated "Little Fugitive" (1953), and "Fear and Desire" (1953), the first feature film directed by Stanley Kubrick.
From 1951-53, Burstyn was at the center of "Joseph Burstyn, Inc. v. Wilson", 343 U.S. 495 (1952), which resulted in a landmark decision by the United States Supreme Court which helped end film censorship in New York. It determined that certain provisions of the New York State Education Law allowing a censor to forbid the commercial showing of any non-licensed motion picture film, or revoke or deny the license of a film deemed to be "sacrilegious", was a "restraint on freedom of speech" and thereby a violation of the First Amendment; in this case, the film in question was ""The Miracle"", directed by Roberto Rossellini, an Italian short film that was part of the anthology film "Ways of Love" (1950).
Death.
Burstyn died in November 1953 of a coronary thrombosis during a trans-Atlantic flight.

</doc>
<doc id="19914684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914684" title="White X'mas (KAT-TUN song)">
White X'mas (KAT-TUN song)

"White X'mas" is the eighth single by Japanese boy band, KAT-TUN, and their second from their fourth studio album, "". It was released in Japan on December 3, 2008 and became KAT-TUN's eleventh consecutive number one record and eighth number one single on the Oricon charts, respectively.
Single information.
The single was released in a limited capacity for the Christmas season from its release date to December 26, 2008 in two pressings. The first press edition came with a DVD featuring a short film about the making of the single's music video, the music video itself and a twenty-page photo booklet while the regular limited edition included the single's instrumental track. Both pressings featured alternate jacket artwork. The single was also made available for download via Chaku-Uta via Japanese DWANGO websites from November 19, 2008 to December 2, 2008. DWANGO also began airing a preview of the track's music video on November 19.
The single was KAT-TUN's first holiday-themed song to be released commercially, their second ballad to be released as a single since "Bokura no Machi de" in 2006 and their second consecutive single with no tie-ins to endorsements or television dramas. It is also the first KAT-TUN record to be released in South Korea, when it became available in stores on December 17, 2008. White X'mas is certified Platinum by RIAJ for shipment of 250,000 copies. In 2010, CDTV announced "Your Most Beloved Winter Songs of 2000s" ranking and White X'Mas topped the ranking.
Promotion.
KAT-TUN performed the song live on television for the first time on "Music Station" on November 21, 2008 and returned the week after on November 28 for an encore performance. "M-ste" also invited the group for the third consecutive week on December 5, 2008. The group also performed their song on "Hey! Hey! Hey! Music Champ" (on December 1), their own variety show "Cartoon KAT-TUN" (December 3) and "Utaban" (December 4). Yuichi Nakamaru paid a visit to "Shōnen Club" on December 14 and performed the song live with NEWS' Keiichiro Koyama and Kanjani∞'s Ryuhei Maruyama as part of a special medley which included "Don't U Ever Stop" and "Lips". The group were invited to perform on NTV's "Best Artist 2009" year-end special on December 16. Other subsequent performances of the song were on the group's own variety show, "Cartoon KAT-TUN", on December 24 and "Music Station" year-end special, Super Live, on December 26 where they sang the song as part of a medley including "Don't U Ever Stop". The last performance of the song in 2008 took place at "Shōnen Club Premium" on December 28.
Chart performance and sales.
Sales and certifications.
! Country
! Provider
! Sales
! Certification

</doc>
<doc id="19914700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914700" title="Normandy High School (Missouri)">
Normandy High School (Missouri)

Normandy High School is a public high school in Wellston, St. Louis County, Missouri that is part of the Normandy School District.
History.
The following information was provided by Wayne Brasler, Normandy School District historian who has written numerous research papers on the District and who produces and publishes the Normandy High School Alumni newspaper. Normandy started a high school at Lincoln Elementary School in Pagedale early its history but it did not last beyond a year. Then in 1907 a high school was started in the former Washington Elementary School on St. Charles Rock Road but only one class graduated when the school closed in 1911. In 1923, the district again opened a school, this time on property purchased from the Eden Theological Seminary. For its first year, the high school shared the ornate four-story main building with Eden students. Plans by William B. Ittner for a California-style collegiate campus with a central quadrangle were implemented shortly after. The school opened as a combined junior high school and senior high school, with six levels from 7th through 12th grades. Plans also called for adding the first two years of college. This plan was realized in a way forty years later with the opening of the Normandy Residence Center, which became the University of Missouri-St. Louis. A vocational building and gymnasium, also designed by Ittner, were added in 1929. The vocational building remains as West Hall. The gymnasium, with curved, amphitheater-style seating, was renowned in the area for its architecture.
The founders of the high school had the goal of creating the "ideal high school". The founders embraced an educational concept called "functional education," which meant educating young people to assume their place in the democracy as intelligent, educated, civicly involved, ethical people. The curriculum was based on life skills; for example, gaining a lifetime liking for reading, a lifetime passion for learning. From the school's beginning it attracted subject specialists who gained nationwide fame, notably Wendell Shay in science, Esther Goff in English, Elizabeth Schneider in modern dance, Helen Dunbar in square dancing, and Mary Still in journalism. Classroom teaching was largely modeled on John Dewey's beliefs in learning by doing and relating the school to the community outside the school and, furthermore, making the school the center of the community. Lectures and tests based on student feeding the lectures back to the teacher were bypassed for hands-on projects, panel discussions, research projects and experiences outside the school. During many periods in the school's history, homework time was provided within class periods. Early in the history, the school established a longer school day to provide meeting time for school organizations. Normandy High was a so-called "lighthouse" school, with its programs the subject of numerous articles in "The School Review" and other educators' publications and of panels at high-profile places such as the University of Chicago. 
Several changes to the original layout of the school were made during the 1940s and 1950s. The Garage, erected in the 1940s with a bus garage below and classrooms above, remains as North Hall. The school opened one of the first St. Louis County high school pools in 1948. Due to large enrollment, a separate junior high school was planned and built in 1949; however, a fire damaged the original junior high school building that year, and while construction was ongoing on the new building, classes were held in two sessions a day. Prior to the 1950s, the campus also included a large lake and forest area, and the school retained faculty residences inherited from Eden in which the Normandy School District superintendent and some teachers lived. The original seminary building was replaced by Central Hall in 1959; the large, Ittner-designed gymnasium was demolished and replaced by the circular Viking Hall.
Student body.
The school serves two dozen municipalities, unincorporated areas and significant stretches of cemeteries and country clubs and golf courses; the district is so large it was one of the first to develop a major transportation department and to design its own school buses. More recently, the area is suffering economically and the student body needs multiple services to succeed.
Activities.
For the 2013–2014 school year, the school offered 17 activities approved by the Missouri State High School Activities Association (MSHSAA): baseball, boys and girls basketball, sideline cheerleading, boys and girls cross country, dance team, 11-man football, music activities, girls soccer, softball, speech and debate, girls swimming and diving, boys and girls track and field, girls volleyball, and wrestling. In addition to its current activities, Normandy students have won several state championships, including:
In addition, the school newspaper, "The Courier", was one of the top-ranked papers in the nation from 1940 through 1958 and continued as a prominent high school paper into the 1980s. The yearbook, "The Saga", was nationally prominent in the 1940s through the early 1960s and pioneered many high school yearbook features, including detailed classroom coverage, chronologically-organized volumes and during World War II sections devoted to graduates serving in the armed forces.

</doc>
<doc id="19914702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914702" title="Magelhaens">
Magelhaens

Magelhaens is the name used by the International Astronomical Union for features commemorating the explorer Ferdinand Magellan.
It can refer to: 

</doc>
<doc id="19914726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914726" title="Pakistanis in France">
Pakistanis in France

There is a population of Pakistanis in France, primarily of Punjabi origin from Punjab and Azad Kashmir. Large-scale Pakistani migration to France began in the 1970s; they clustered around the Rue du Faubourg-Saint-Denis in the 10th arrondissement of Paris, where many set up grocery stores and restaurants. According to the statistics of the Overseas Pakistanis Foundation, there were 50,000 Pakistanis in France . Other popular media estimates range from 40,000 to 70,000.
Saraiki is also spoken.

</doc>
<doc id="19914731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914731" title="Moon Impact Probe">
Moon Impact Probe

The Moon Impact Probe (MIP) developed by the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO), India's national space agency, was a lunar probe that was released by ISRO's Chandrayaan-1 lunar remote sensing orbiter which in turn was launched, on 22 October 2008, aboard a modified version of ISRO's Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle. It discovered the presence of water on moon.
The Moon Impact Probe separated from the moon-orbiting Chandrayaan-1 on 14 November 2008, 20:06 and crashed, as planned, into the lunar south pole after a controlled descent. The MIP struck the Shackleton Crater at 20:31 on 14 November 2008 releasing underground debris that could be analysed by the orbiter for presence of water/ice. With this mission, India became the fifth entity to reach the lunar surface. Other entities to have done so are the former Soviet Union, the United States, the European Space Agency (currently owned by 20 member nations) and Japan.
Kalam's vision.
The probe was a product of former President Abdul Kalam's vision who felt that since the Chandrayaan orbiter was already going so near to the moon, the mission would have more scientific relevance if the probe was included. He believed that the moon could not be left to a few countries and that India should not be left behind The Times of India also reported a political motive by former president Abdul Kalam as "He believed that if this was done, India "could always stake" a claim to a portion of the Moon." At the same time, The Indian Express reported Kalam as saying "no nation can claim the moon as its own. The resources of the moon should be a common property and that is one of the aims of the moon mission."
Mission objectives.
The main objectives of the MIP were to demonstrate the technologies for reaching a specified location on the Moon, qualifying technologies required for any future soft landing missions, and scientific exploration of the moon from close range just prior to the impact.
The probe was designed to collide with the lunar surface and eject underground soil which could then be analysed by instruments on the orbiting Chandrayaan for the presence of water ice, and organic and other materials.
Configuration and payloads.
The MIP carried three instruments:
The probe used aluminium sandwich structure onto which the payloads were mounted. The probe attached to the mother spacecraft with a ball lock separation system which jettisoned the unit from the Chandrayaan. A solid propellent de-orbit mortar nudged the craft into lunar orbit, while spin thrusters stabilized the orientation enabling imaging system to capture the descent profile.
The probe's external surface had four oval-shaped anodised aluminium plates measuring 120mm X 180 mm on which the image of the Indian flag was depicted, complete with the Emblem of India and the words "Satyameva Jayate". These plates were attached to each one of the four vertical sides of the probe. As per ISRO specifications these plates had to endure a temperature range from -50 degrees celsius and as high as +150 degrees celsius.
Mission chronology.
India launched the Chandrayaan-1 spacecraft using a modified version of the PSLV C11 on 22 October 2008 from Satish Dhawan Space Centre, Sriharikota, Andhra Pradesh at 06:22 IST (00:52 UTC).
The lunar probe separated from Chandrayaaan-1, in a 102 km circular polar orbit around the Moon, at 20:06 IST on 14 November 2008. After separation, it first fired its spin up rockets and then its retro rocket to lower itself to an orbit intersecting the lunar surface. While descending, the MIP continuously sent information back to the Chandrayaan-1 orbiter which in turn beamed the information back to earth. After a 25 minute controlled descent, it struck the Moon at 20:31 IST, 14 November 2008 at a speed of 1.69 kilometers per second (approximately 6100 km/h or 3800 miles per hour). The crash destroyed the probe. It crashed into Shackleton Crater, at the lunar south pole, , at 20:31 on 14 November 2008 releasing underground material that could be analyzed by the orbiter for the presence of water ice.
Discovery of water.
On 25 September 2009, ISRO announced that the MIP had discovered water on the moon just before impact. This announcement was made after the discovery of water was announced on September 24, 2009 by Science magazine by the NASA payload Moon Mineralogy Mapper carried on board Chandrayaan-1. MIP discovered water on moon before NASA's Moon Mineralogy Mapper. The announcement of this discovery was not made until NASA confirmed it.
This gave the answer to the millennia-old question whether there is water on or in Earth’s moon when it led to the discovery of water in its vapour phase by the CHACE (CHandra’s Altitudinal Composition Explorer) payload on board the Moon Impact Probe (MIP) and complementarily in its solid phase by the Moon Mineralogy Mapper (M3) payload on board the main orbiter in the Chandrayaan I mission. This ‘discovery-class-of-finding’ by CHACE was achieved by direct in situ measurement of the lunar atmosphere during the descend journey of the MIP to the Lunar South Pole, while M3 discovered water in ice form by remote sensing techniques. As water cannot retain its liquid phase in the lunar environment because of its own vapour pressure and the ultra-high vacuum prevailing there, it can be found in solid (ice) and gaseous (vapour) phases. While the Moon Mineralogy Mapper (M3), a payload by NASA, on board Chandrayaan I lunar orbiter has detected, by mapping almost 97% of the lunar surface using remote sensing techniques, the presence of water in ice form in higher latitudes especially in the polar caps, the CHACE payload in the lunar impactor (MIP) has directly detected water in its gaseous form along 14 degree E meridian from 45 degree N to 90 degree S latitude, with a latitudinal resolution of around 0.10 and altitudinal resolution of ~ 250 m from 98 km altitude till impact .

</doc>
<doc id="19914738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914738" title="Thomas County Courthouse">
Thomas County Courthouse

Thomas County Courthouse may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19914748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914748" title="MTV Movie Award for Best Villain">
MTV Movie Award for Best Villain

This is a following list of the MTV Movie Award winners and nominees for Best Villain. In 2012, the award was renamed to Best On-Screen Dirt Bag. In 2013, the award was renamed back to Best Villain. Two of the winners (Denzel Washington and Heath Ledger) also won Academy Awards for their performances.

</doc>
