<doc id="20118070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118070" title="Dominique Lecourt">
Dominique Lecourt

Dominique Lecourt (born 5 February 1944) is a French philosopher. He is known in the anglophone world primarily for his work developing a materialist interpretation of the philosophy of science of Gaston Bachelard.
Lecourt was born in Paris. A former student at the École normale supérieure (1965), an agrégé in philosophy (1969), and a Docteur d’État ès lettres (1980), he is currently professor at the Université Paris Diderot-Paris 7 and director of the Centre Georges Canguilhem (Paris 7).
Co-founder in 1984 of the International College of Philosophy, Rector of the National Center for Distance Education (1985–88), member of the Human Rights Commission of UNESCO (1977–90), member of the CNRS Ethics Commission for Life Sciences (1993–98), Chairman of the Ethics Commission of the French Research Development Institute (2002-2009). 
Director General of the Institut Diderot and head of the surveillance council of Presses Universitaires de France (PUF), Dominique Lecourt has been decorated with the medals of Officier de la Légion d’Honneur, Chevalier de l’Ordre National du Mérite and has been awarded with the Gegner Prize (2000) and Louis Marin Price (2010) by the Academy of Political and Moral Sciences.
In addition to numerous publications in philosophy, philosophy of sciences, cloning, ethics, bioethics, politics, Dominique Lecourt has published more than thirty books.

</doc>
<doc id="20118104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118104" title="Alessandro Del Piero">
Alessandro Del Piero

Alessandro Del Piero () Ufficiale OMRI (born 9 November 1974) is an Italian footballer who plays for and captains Sydney FC in the A-League. He is joint second place in the ranking of Italian all-time top scorers (342 goals, and behind only Silvio Piola, 390 goals). He played in Juventus F.C. for 19 years (11 years as captain) and holds the club records for goals (290) and appearances (705).
Del Piero scored in all competitions in which he participated. He was named in the FIFA 100, a list of the 125 greatest living footballers selected by Pelé as a part of FIFA's centenary celebrations. He was also voted in the list of best European players for the past 50 years in the UEFA Golden Jubilee Poll. In 2000, Del Piero was the world's best-paid football player from salary, bonuses, and advertising revenue. As of December 2012, he is in tenth place among the UEFA Champions League all-time goalscorers. Along with six awards in Italy for gentlemanly conduct, he has also won the Golden Foot award, which pertains to personality and playing ability.
He played three FIFA World Cup and four UEFA European Football Championship with the Italian national team. He is joint 4th (with Roberto Baggio) in the Italian national team top-scorer ranking, with 27 goals (behind Silvio Piola with 30 goals, Giuseppe Meazza with 33 goals and Luigi Riva with 35 goals) in 91 appearances.
Early life.
Born in Conegliano, Veneto, Del Piero is the son of Gino, an electrician, and Bruna, a housekeeper. He regularly played football in the backyard with two friends, Nelso and Pierpaolo, as a child. All three dreamed of becoming footballers, but only Del Piero would eventually manage to do so. Alessandro's older brother, Stefano, briefly played professional football for Sampdoria before an injury curtailed his career. The family lived in the hamlet of Saccon, a rural home in San Vendemiano. While growing up, Del Piero's family did not have much money for travelling abroad, so he considered being a lorry driver in order to see the world.
While playing for the local youth team of San Vendemiano, Del Piero used to feature as a goalkeeper because he could play a lot more football that way. His mother thought it would be better for him if he played as a goalkeeper since he would not sweat and the possibility of him getting injured was less likely. His brother Stefano commented to their mother that Alessandro looked better playing in an attacking position and Del Piero switched.
Club career.
Early career.
Del Piero began his rise in 1981 in the ranks of San Vendemiano. In 1988, Del Piero was first spotted by scouts and he left home at the young age of 13 to play with the youth side of Padova. At the age of 16, he made his debut in Serie B and on 22 November 1992, he scored his first professional goal in the 5–0 thrashing of Ternana. In 1993, thanks to Giampiero Boniperti, Del Piero was bought by Juventus for five billion lire, with an overlap of 150 million lire per season.
Juventus.
European success.
In 1993, Del Piero transferred to Juventus and played for the Turin giants for 19 seasons until being released in the summer of 2012. Del Piero made his Serie A debut against Foggia in September 1993 and scored his first goal in his next game against Reggiana after appearing as a substitute. On his full debut for Juventus, he netted a hat-trick against Parma. Juventus claimed their first "Scudetto" in eight years in his second season and success continued to follow. With the Turin club, he went on to win the Serie A championship eight times, though his 2005 and 2006 "Scudetti" were revoked due to "calciopoli", the Champions League, the Coppa Italia, and the Intercontinental Cup. His goal in the 1997 UEFA Champions League Final, however, was unable to prevent Juventus from going down 3–1 to Borussia Dortmund.
The following campaign of 1997–98 was his best season, as he scored 21 goals in Serie A and finished top scorer in the Champions League with 10 goals, one of which included a freekick and a hat-trick against AS Monaco in the semi-finals. Again Juventus lost in the final, falling 1–0 to Real Madrid from a strike by Predrag Mijatović on 20 May. Domestic success, however, was achieved that season, as Juventus celebrated its 25th Serie A title.
Injury.
In November 1998, Del Piero picked up a serious knee injury in the 2–2 draw with Udinese. This kept him out of action for the remainder of the season and the club struggled without him limping home to a lowly sixth place finish in the league. During this time, Del Piero earned the nickname ""Il Pinturicchio,"" in reference to a comment by former president Gianni Agnelli when he compared the emerging Del Piero to the renaissance artist Pinturicchio. He's also been nicknamed by the fans as "Il Fenomeno Vero" meaning "The Real Phenomenon," in a sort of comparison with Ronaldo, who was nicknamed ""Il Fenomeno"" by rival supporters of Internazionale.
Lippi second era.
Del Piero formed a formidable partnership with French striker David Trezeguet, who joined in 2000, and Czech playmaker Pavel Nedvěd in 2001, as Juventus was crowned Serie A champions for a 26th time in May 2002. This success meant that Juventus automatically qualified for the next year's Champions League. Juventus were pooled in Group E alongside Newcastle United, Dynamo Kyiv, and former champions Feyenoord. Del Piero opened up his account in European competition that season when he scored his side's second goal after lovely build up play by Nedvěd and Mauro Camoranesi set him free in their 5–0 defeat of Dynamo Kyiv on 24 September.
On the next matchday, Juventus played hosted to Newcastle on 1 October and Del Piero hit a brace to help the "Old Lady" maintain top spot in their group. Juventus progressed to the second group stage where the club managed to progress along with Manchester United on goal differential over FC Basel and Deportivo de La Coruña. Juventus then saw off FC Barcelona in the quarter-finals through an extra time goal by Marcelo Zalayeta, and faced Spanish opposition again in the likes of Real Madrid in the semi-finals. The triumvirate attacking partnership proved wonders for Juventus, as the team overturned a 2–1 first leg deficit to record a 4–3 aggregate win as all three attacking stars netted in the second leg. Juventus faced Italian rivals Milan in the Final in Manchester on 28 May 2003. After a goalless 120 minutes, the tie went to a penalty shoot-out, where Del Piero finished his spot-kick but it wasn't enough, as Juventus fell 3–2 in the shoot-out.
Capello era.
After UEFA Euro 2004 in Portugal, Juve manager Marcello Lippi was replaced by Fabio Capello. Capello was not convinced of Del Piero's abilities and frequently benched him in favour of new signing Zlatan Ibrahimović, much to the disappointment of many fans. But Del Piero still managed to score 14 goals as Juventus won their 28th league title, thanks to his overhead assist to teammate David Trezeguet, which proved decisive in a match against Milan at the San Siro.
Journalists and coaches agreed that Del Piero was back to his best in the 2005–06 season, having scored 20 goals in all competitions. His role at Juventus, however, changed in the following season, as coach Fabio Capello preferred to use him as a substitute for an "immediate impact," as Capello put it. Del Piero never had a calm relation with Fabio Capello.
In 2006, Del Piero equalled José Altafini's Serie A record of six goals as a substitute after scoring in the final minute of Juventus' final game of the 2005–06 season. On 10 January 2006, Del Piero became the all time leading goalscorer for Juventus when he scored three times in a Coppa Italia match against Fiorentina and took his total goals for the club to 185. The previous record holder was Giampiero Boniperti, who scored 182 goals for the club. Del Piero scored the last goal for Juventus in the 2005–06 season before Juve were forcibly relegated due to the infamous "Calciopoli" scandal.
Serie B.
After Juventus were demoted to Serie B and their last two "Scudetti" were revoked, Del Piero pledged that he would stay to captain the team in Serie B. He underlined that players should stick with the team, explaining that "The Agnelli family deserve this, as do the fans and the new directors." While many key players such as Fabio Cannavaro, Emerson, Gianluca Zambrotta, Patrick Vieira, Zlatan Ibrahimović, and Lilian Thuram left Turin, Del Piero chose to stay and help the club with Pavel Nedved, David Trezequet, Mauro Cammoranesi, Buffon gain promotion.
Del Piero's first appearance after the 2006 FIFA World Cup triumph was in a Coppa Italia match against Cesena on 23 August 2006. Since Juventus played in the Serie B for the 2006–07 season, the Coppa Italia campaign became increasingly important for the club in order to achieve a UEFA Cup spot. Having been on vacation beforehand, Del Piero started on the bench. Juventus and Cesena were locked on 1–1 when Del Piero entered in the 74th minute and after nine seconds, he scored the winning goal for Juventus.
Del Piero then came in as a substitute at the 61st minute for Juve's next Coppa Italia match on 27 August against Napoli. Again Juventus were behind, but Del Piero scored twice to give Juve the lead. In the end, the match went to penalties. Del Piero scored but Napoli eventually won 5–4 in the penalty shoot-out. Although Juventus started off with a nine-point penalty from the match-fixing scandal, the "Old Lady" gained promotion to Serie A as league champions. Del Piero finished the league campaign with 20 goals as he finished as the top scorer of the Serie B.
Return to Serie A.
Following this, Del Piero was locked in months of fractious negotiations over the signing of a new contract with Juventus' new management. After successfully negotiating a new contract till 30 June 2010, he was greeted with news of the birth of his first child, Tobias Del Piero. This was quite a staggering turnaround in his fortunes, as only two weeks earlier, he was dropped by Claudio Ranieri for the Serie A match with Fiorentina and was then axed from Roberto Donadoni's Italy squad for the games with Georgia and South Africa.
In February 2008, he scored the winning goal for Juventus in a Serie A victory at home to Roma, which finished 1–0. He scored two goals away at Lazio and was named to two consecutive Serie A teams of the week. On 6 April 2008, he set a new appearance record for Juventus, overtaking Gaetano Scirea's previous tally of 552 matches in all competitions. In April, he registered seven goals in five Serie A matches, including a hat-trick in a 0–4 away win over Atalanta.
On the final weekend of the 2007–08 season, Del Piero scored a brace against Sampdoria in a 3–3 draw. These two goals were crucial, as it took him to 21 goals for the season, thus winning him the "Capocannonieri" prize in Serie A for the first time in his illustrious career, beating the likes of David Trezeguet (20 goals) and Marco Borriello (19 goals) and matching his highest tally for a top-flight season since 1997–98. He became only the second Italian ever to win consecutive "Capocannoniere" titles in two different leagues — former Juventus and 1982 World Cup hero Paolo Rossi being the other. (Coincidentally, Rossi also won the "Capocannoniere" titles like Del Piero — first in Serie B and then in Serie A). On 26 July, Del Piero was awarded the Scirea Award.
Before the season, Juventus manager Claudio Ranieri remarked that Del Piero would have as good a season, or an even better one, than the previous term. In August 2008, Del Piero announced that he would try to keep playing professional football with Juventus until he is 40 years old. With Juventus back in the Champions League, they were drawn into the same group as nine-time winners Real Madrid and UEFA Cup winners Zenit Saint Petersburg. Del Piero marked Juve's return with a brilliant match-winning free kick to seal a home win against Zenit. On 21 October, he scored a wonderful first-time strike from distance as Juve defeated Real Madrid 2–1 at home in Turin. In the fifth minute, from open play, Del Piero swerved the ball into the far corner of the goal with a freekick-like shot, giving Madrid goalkeeper Iker Casillas no chance.
On 5 November 2008, Juventus and Real Madrid squared off at Santiago Bernabéu in the Champions League. The Italians won 0–2, their first away win against Madrid since 1962, and Del Piero was a key performer, scoring both the goals and being praised by both Claudio Ranieri and Madrid coach Bernd Schuster. As he left the pitch after being substituted, "fans from both sides gave him a standing ovation." Juventus' 2009 Champions League campaign ended in disappointment, however, as they were eliminated by Chelsea in the second round. Despite converting a penalty in the second leg in Turin, Del Piero was unable to prevent Juventus from losing 3–2 on aggregate.
In the league, Juventus were mostly challenging Milan for second place and an automatic Champions League place. Most notably, Del Piero inspired Juventus to a 3–0 win over Siena in their penultimate game of the season, scoring a brace and setting up Claudio Marchisio for the youngster's third goal of the season to end their run of seven winless matches in Serie A. Juventus then went on to defeat Lazio 2–0 and pip Milan to second place, determined by their head-to-head record.
On 17 July 2009, Del Piero extended his contract with Juventus by one more year until 30 June 2011 in Pinzolo while training for pre-season, thus practically ensuring that he would retire at the club with which he started his professional career. During his renewal, he said, "I am happy at Juventus and we are competitive. I want to keep playing for as long as I can and I'm certain that for at least two more years I will be at the top level." He marked his 445th Serie A appearance, breaking the all-time club record, with a brace against Genoa on 14 February 2010. He is also currently the all-time top scorer for Juventus, having scored more than 250 goals in all competitions. He has also made over 600 appearances in official matches for the club, breaking the record of Gaetano Scirea, who had 552 appearances for Juventus.
On 14 March 2010, Del Piero recorded his 300th and 301st career goal during a 3–3 draw with Siena with the first two goals at the second and seventh minute. On 30 October 2010, he recorded his 179th Serie A goal, helping his side to a 2–1 win at Milan, breaking the record of club legend Giampiero Boniperti as Juventus' top scorer in Serie A and further cementing his status as the most prolific goalscorer in Juventus history.
Champion again.
On 5 February 2011, with his substitution against Cagliari, Alessandro Del Piero became the most capped Juventus player, edging out former Juventus legend Giampiero Boniperti. Del Piero remains the third most capped player in the Serie A, behind Javier Zanetti and Francesco Totti, respectively. On 5 May 2011, he signed a new one-year contract to stay at the Juventus Arena. His previous deal was due to expire on 30 June 2011. 
On 24 May 2011, Del Piero and Juventus played against Manchester United at Old Trafford in a friendly match being former England defender Gary Neville's testimonial match. Del Piero was substituted after 65 minutes to a standing ovation from the United supporters. Juventus confirmed on 18 October 2011 that the 2011–12 season would be Del Piero's last with the club. The 2011–12 season under new manager Antonio Conte, his former teammate at Juve, saw Del Piero being used sparingly because of the summer arrival of forward Mirko Vučinić from Roma. He scored his first goal in the new Juventus Stadium on 24 January 2012 in the 3–0 win over Roma in the quarter-finals of the Coppa Italia. Later in the season, Del Piero stated that he was surprised at Juventus president Andrea Agnelli's announcement regarding the club's decision to not offer the striker a new contract.
In the second leg of Juventus's clash with Milan in the Coppa Italia semi-finals, Del Piero finished off a brilliant move by Juventus as they secured a 2–2 draw on the night and progressed to the final with a 4–3 aggregate win. On 25 March, Del Piero helped Juventus defeat Internazionale by scoring the second goal in a 2–0 victory, his first goal of the Serie A season. In Juventus' match against Lazio on 11 April, Del Piero replaced Mirko Vučinić in the second half, making his 700th appearance for the "Old Lady", and then went on to score a fantastic free kick to earn his side a 2–1 victory and return the Old Lady to the top of the Serie A table.
On 13 May, Del Piero started Juventus's final league game of the season against Atalanta, marking the occasion by scoring a goal. Twenty-seven minutes into the match, del Piero picked the ball up on the edge of the penalty box and placed a shot past Giorgio Frezzolini to make the score 2–0 and help Juventus clinch an undefeated Serie A season. He would be substituted off after 59 minutes to an emotional response from both sets of players and supporters. This would be Alessandro Del Piero's final Serie A appearance for Juventus. Following his departure, the Juventus board were understood to be keen to retire Del Piero's number 10 jersey as a tribute to his efforts and accomplishments during a decorated nineteen-year career. However, Del Piero, did not want to see his number withdrawn from service.
Del Piero's final match for the "Bianconeri" was in the Coppa Italia Final on 20 May against Napoli. Del Piero was subbed off in the 67th minute for Mirko Vučinić as his Juventus career came to an end. He received a standing ovation from both the Juventus and Napoli fans. Following the game, he confirmed that after his 19-year spell with Juventus, he did not plan to retire. He then left the club and became a free agent. On 30 June, Del Piero wrote an open letter to the Juventus fans thanking them for almost two decades of support, stating, "Above all what remains is the fans, you who are Juventus. That jersey that I loved and will always love, that I desired and respected ... From tomorrow I will no longer be a Juventus player, but I will always be one of you. Now a new adventure begins and I am as fired up as I was 19 summers ago."
Sydney FC.
On 5 September 2012, Alessandro Del Piero signed a two-year deal with Sydney FC. He will be paid $2 million per season and became the highest-paid footballer to ever play in the A-League. Del Piero had been linked to Liverpool prior to signing for Sydney, but later revealed due to his memories of Heysel he would not have been able to move to the club.
Upon signing for Sydney FC, Del Piero said, "It's a special day for me. I am happy to announce that I just signed for two years for Sydney FC. This is a very big moment for me because I want to continue my career in a new part of the world where I can make a major contribution and help grow the game I love." After the announcement of the transfer to Sydney FC, Juventus wished good luck to their former captain. Francesco Totti and Filippo Inzaghi said they were saddened by his departure.
Sydney FC chairman Scott Barlow said, "The signing of Alessandro Del Piero is a big moment for this club and, we believe, a historic moment for football in Australia, I wouldn't like to go into the details of the contract,but this does represent the largest professional sporting contract in Australian history and the numbers that have been discussed aren't too far off the mark."
FFA chief executive Ben Buckley said that this signing will be crucial for the growth of Australian Football, both economically and technically. Ian Crook, manager of Sydney FC, said he would build the forward set-up around the Italian, who would be given "licence" to pull the strings. "We're not going to reinvent the wheel here. He's played 19 years for one of the biggest four or five clubs in the world, as a No. 10 or a No. 9. We're not going to change that." FIFA President Sepp Blatter sent his best wishes to Del Piero and his new club.
On 6 October, Del Piero made his debut against Wellington Phoenix. Del Piero scored his first goal on 13 October against Newcastle Jets in his first home game for Sydney with a fantastic free-kick. The match against Newcastle featured hero-cam, which allowed the viewer to track Del Piero's movements with one camera throughout the game. On 20 October, Del Piero scored the winning goal against Western Sydney Wanderers FC (1–0), making history with the first goal in the first Sydney Derby. On 28 October, against Perth Glory (2–1), he scored his third goal from a penalty kick. On 16 November, he scored two goals against Brisbane Roar.
On 13 January, he made the assist for the winning goal against Melbourne Heart (2–1). On 19 January, he scored four goals and made one assist in Sydney's 7–1 win against Wellington Phoenix. This was the first time he scored more than three goals in one game and after being substituted, the fans gave him a standing ovation. On 2 February, Del Piero scored his 10th goal in A-League against Newcastle Jets (2–2). On 10 February, became the scorer of the most goals in a season for the Sky Blues, scoring one goal against Brisbane Roar (2–1). On 21 February, Del Piero renewed his contract until 2014. On 2 March, he scored his 12th goal with a stunning 25-yard thunderbolt. On 23 March, Del Piero scored the goal in a 1–1 draw against Western Sydney Wanderers, in the Sydney Derby. On 28 March, he scored a penalty kick against Brisbane Roar (1–3).
Del Piero was named captain for Sydney in their 2013–14 season. On 11 October 2013, Del Piero scored the opening goal of the 2013–14 A-League season, the game-winner in a 2–0 victory over Newcastle Jets.
International career.
Del Piero is currently Italy's fourth all-time leading scorer. His tournament debut was UEFA Euro 1996, making his only appearance in the first half of a match against Russia before being substituted at half-time.
Del Piero competed with fan favourite Roberto Baggio for a spot in the starting 11 during the World Cup, while struggling to recover from injury suffered during the 1998 Champions League final with Juventus. He made his first World Cup appearance in the second match of the group stage, a 3–0 defeat of Cameroon. In the final group game against Austria, Del Piero won his first start as Italy won 2–1 to seal a passage into the next round, avoiding reigning champions Brazil. Italy reached the quarter-finals after defeating Norway 1–0, falling to hosts and eventual champions France in penalty kicks.
He was part of Italy's squad that made it to the final of the European Championships in 2000. In the final group game, Del Piero scored the winning goal against Sweden eliminating their opposition. In the final itself, he missed two gilt-edged chances in Italy's 2–1 loss to France in extra time.
He returned to the international scene in the 2002 World Cup after a season in Serie A in which Juventus won the "Scudetto". Del Piero scored the decisive goal against Hungary, which sealed the "Azzurri's" qualification for the finals. He instantly scored with a header against Mexico after coming on as a substitute, a goal which saved Italy from the ignominy of a first round exit. The goal sent Italy through to the second round, where they were eliminated by a golden goal in a controversial match against South Korea.
Del Piero began the 2006 World Cup, appearing in two out of three group stage matches, and made his first start of the competition in a 1–0 round of 16 win over Australia on 26 June. On 4 July, Del Piero entered as a substitute near the end of regulation and scored Italy's second goal in a 2–0 semi-final win over host Germany. In the final against France, which ended 1–1 after extra time, Del Piero scored a penalty in the shootout as Italy won the tournament for the fourth time. He admitted afterwards that winning the World Cup was his childhood dream.
As of 2008, Del Piero has captained Italy seven times (including during UEFA Euro 2008). He also regularly wore the #10 shirt, but later gave it to Francesco Totti and switched to #7, as it was the first number he wore at the start of his career. Even though the #10 shirt was vacated after Totti retired from the national team in July 2007, Del Piero denied any interest in taking back the number, saying he was satisfied with #7. In May, he was recalled by popular demand to Italy's UEFA Euro 2008 squad after a nine-month absence from international duty, and thus became the second Italian player to participate in seven major international tournaments (Euro 1996, 2000, 2004, 2008; World Cup 1998, 2002, 2006).
Del Piero was called up to Italy's squad for the Euro 2008 championship in Austria and Switzerland. He was mostly on the substitutes' bench but started against Romania as the squad's captain. In the group match against the Dutch, he came on for the under-performing Antonio Di Natale and made an immediate impact, including several efforts on goal. He could not prevent the "Azzurri", however, from a 3–0 loss. Italy qualified through the group stage in second-place behind the Netherlands, eliminating Romania and France. In the quarter-final against Spain, Del Piero made a substitute appearance during extra-time, and with the game ending in a 0–0 draw, it was decided by a penalty shootout in which Spain won 4–2. On 20 August 2008, he won his 90th cap for Italy in friendly against Austria, only the fifth "Azzurri" player to reach this landmark. Despite announcing that he will carry on playing until he is 40 years old, he has not been called up since Italy's qualifier against Georgia on 10 September 2008.
In 2013, Italy national coach Cesare Prandelli stated that he would consider calling Del Piero up for the 2014 World Cup.
Style of play.
Del Piero usually plays as a supporting-striker and occasionally between the midfield and the strikers, known in Italy as the "trequartista" position, due to his vision, dribbling ability and creativity. Del Piero's playing style is regarded by critics as creative in attacking, assisting many goals as well as scoring himself, as opposed to just "goal poaching".
Under Marcello Lippi's reign as Juventus coach, Del Piero played in the "trident-attack" formation along with veterans Gianluca Vialli and Fabrizio Ravanelli. After that, he took a role in a combination with Zinedine Zidane behind Filippo Inzaghi. As Juventus playing style changed in Lippi's second stint with Juventus starting in 2001, Del Piero partnered with Zidane's replacement, Pavel Nedvěd, in midfield with David Trezeguet upfront. He has also been employed occasionally as a winger for Italy while playing under Arrigo Sacchi.
Del Piero is a free kick and penalty kick (62 goals with penalties) specialist: he's the Italian free kicks all-time top scorer (49 goals: 43 goals in clubs, 6 goals in Italy national team).
After scoring a goal, Del Piero often celebrates by running to the touchline in front of the Juventus fans and sticking his tongue out; he has also performed a back-flip goal celebration, or pointed up at the sky, dedicating the goal to his late father.
Del Piero Zone.
The football media refer to a "Del Piero Zone" ("Gol alla Del Piero" in Italian language), a style of scoring involving approaching from the left flank and curling a precise curled lob into the far top corner of the goal. The "Del Piero Zone" has been used to describe the goals of other players who scored in this way.
Outside football.
Personal life.
Del Piero is married to Sonia Amoruso and the two have been together since 1999 and married in 2005. They have three children, son Tobias (born 2007), daughter Dorotea (born 2009) and son Sasha (born 2010).
When the Olympic Flame for the 2006 Winter Olympics passed through Turin, Del Piero was a torchbearer. He has an interest in sports outside of football, particularly basketball, and in turn has gained fans outside of football; sport icons such as NBA star Steve Nash and cyclist Eddy Merckx have stated that they are fans of Del Piero.
Del Piero has a keen interest in music. He has recorded some of his own albums. Along with Marco Materazzi, Del Piero appeared on stage at a Rolling Stones show in Milan shortly after Italy's World Cup win. He is a good friend of musician and singer Noel Gallagher and a fan of his former band Oasis. Del Piero appears in the Oasis video "Lord Don't Slow Me Down". One of Del Piero's inspirations as a youngster was Japanese football manga Captain Tsubasa.
In February 2012, a 12-year old fan of Del Piero awoke from a 15-day coma after listening to a recording of him.
In 2012, he participated in the project "Save the dream" (against corruption in the sport) and spoke about this at Sorbonne, during the "Sport Integrity Symposium".
Charity work.
Del Piero has promoted and supported a number of charities. In 1998 he donated 5.200.000 lire to "Fondazione Bambini in Emergenza" (for abandoned children and victims of AIDS) auctioning his Juventus's shirt.
In 2001, he was ambassador for "Un gol per la ricerca" (for the cancer research). In 2006, he was AIRC testimonial for the cancer research and in recognition of this, he has received from President of Italy a prize of "Believe in Research".
In 2008, he has participated in a golf tournament organized by the foundation of Gianluca Vialli and Massimo Mauro for Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis research. In 2009, he played a friendly match at Stadio Olimpico with his team "Ale 10+"; the collection (180.000 €) was donated to solidarity projects.
In 2010, he auctioned off his Juventus's shirt number 10 for the foundation "Un Campo per L'Aquila". On 1 April 2011, he launched the project "ale10friendsforjapan" which he designed to help Japanese earthquake victims creating a website to sell t-shirts and collecting 303.880 €.
In 2011, he has participated in a golf tournament, "Fondazione Sant'Anna Cup - Crescere insieme", for the neonatal intensive care unit of the hospital Sant'Anna. On 21 July 2012, he played a friendly match at Kashima Stadium organized by J. League (Del Piero scored one goal and he left the field with a standing ovation); the collection was donated to the Japanese earthquake victims of 2011.
He was testimonial of ADISCO, for the donation of umbilical cord blood, and testimonial of 1GOAL for the education of poor children.
TV, games and publicity.
Del Piero has been used in many advertising broadcasts. He is under contract with German sports equipment manufacturer Adidas, Uliveto water, Fiat, Japanese motorbike company Suzuki, Pepsi, Bliss, Cepu, Walt Disney and Upper Deck.
In 2006, he appeared in a television commercial for the Japanese motor scooter Suzuki Burgman together with the sports agent Andreas Goller.
Del Piero is also known for his sense of humour and is a popular guest at Italian comedy shows such as "Paperissima" and "Striscia la notizia". He featured in the film "L'allenatore nel pallone 2" and in the show "La sai l'ultima di Totti", a series of short comedy sketches created by his good friend and Roma captain Francesco Totti in which the two of them and national teammates former A.C. Milan defender Alessandro Nesta, Juventus goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon and striker Antonio Cassano would tell jokes and anecdotes about one another.
Del Piero was featured on the cover of EA Sports "FIFA Football 2004" video game, alongside Thierry Henry and Ronaldinho, and "FIFA World Cup 2006" video game. He was one of the two stars featured on the cover of the Italian version of "PES 2010" video game, the other being FC Barcelona and Lionel Messi.
Honours.
Orders.
"Collar of Merit Sports": 2006

</doc>
<doc id="20118131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118131" title="Lithonia High School">
Lithonia High School

Lithonia High School is a public high school located in Lithonia, Georgia. It serves 1,692 students from grades 9-12. Principle Yalonda Peek is the current principal. It has many clubs and extracurricular activities, including a book club, Future Business Leaders of America , marching band,chorus,SGA etc. The sports it has include baseball, football basketball, volleyball, swimming, golf, tennis, soccer, track, gymnastics,cheer leading,softball,and wrestling.
On December 17, 2012, the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools announced that it had downgraded the DeKalb County Schools System's status from "on advisement" to "on probation" and warned the school system that the loss of their accreditation was "imminent." DeKalb county has now awarded lithonia as one of the top ten improved schools in dekalb county.Lithonia high school is now a uniform school as of the 2013-2014 school year.

</doc>
<doc id="20118151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118151" title="Lu Chao">
Lu Chao

Lu Chao () from China is the recognized Guinness record holder for reciting digits of Pi. He successfully recited 67,890 digits of pi in 24 hours and 4 minutes with an error at the 67,891st digit, saying it was a "5", when it was actually a "0". He stated he had 100,000 memorized, and was going to recite 91,300, but that one mistake cost him. He is planning to write a book about the method he uses, which is based upon many Chinese memorization techniques. He says it took him about 1 year to memorize 100,000 digits. He has no plans to beat his record unless someone else does. Lu Chao is the President of Zhengzhou Ruicheng Education & Counseling, Ltd. 

</doc>
<doc id="20118181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118181" title="Dilip Rayamajhi">
Dilip Rayamajhi

Dilip Rayamjhi (born 6th May 1976) is a nationally acclaimed extraordinary Nepalese Actor, producer, choreographer and a dance director. He is amongst the elite few actors who has risen to the industry pinnacle and carved a niche of his own. Rayamajhi first became known in 1990's when he began his career as an emerging actor in 1996. Since then he has played in more than 150 movies in the lead role. Most of the movies he has played were amongst the widely commercially successful pictures of the decade that catapulted Rayamajhi to stardom. Movies like "Darpan Chayya","Lahana", "Superstar", "Miss u.." "Zindagani", were one of the blockbusters celebrating 50/100 days of continuously showcased movies in many major theatres across Nepal and managed some major international previews.
Rayamajhi has been representing Nepali movie industry in a broader Nepali communities living abroad by participating in many cultural programs & being chief jury member and sponsor for many different shows. He has been contributing his skills, effort, innovation and huge shift in contemporary acting/directing by preserving, promoting and introducing Nepali movies as well as newcomers to the industry. He is also renowned for his Choreography in more than 12 films thus far. 
Being a part of the elite group of actors, he has been performing and shooting for movies in more than two dozen countries abroad including Europe, UK, Austria, Belgium, Germany, France, Luxembourg, Korea, Israel, Hong Kong, Singapore, Malaysia, UAE, Thailand, Qatar, India, China, etc. 
Rayamajhi has been honoured with many prestigious awards from national and international organizations. Best Débutante Actor (Motion Picture Award 1999) ; Best Actor 2001; Best Actor (Dabur Anmol Motion Picture); Best Actor in Negative Role (NEFTA TV Film 2001); Best Actor (Motion Picture 2003); Best Actor in Comic Role (National Film Award 2005).
Dilip Rayamajhi is one of the top actors in Nepal. Winning myriads of award trophies and accolades for his unbeatable performance [4. He believes in making things happen with his effortless charms and invincible performance skills. He started his career merely as a dancer and progressively went to become an assistant dance director. There was no turning back from there. He got his first movie break in a video film as a side dancer and then he was offered the "big break" in a much acclaimed movie "Bhanubhankta" . He has not glanced back ever since. He is a versatile actor and a dancer who has taken Nepali movie market by a storm. There are innumerable actors who have steeped onto to the movie market scene since Dilip's debut in the industry but no one has even begun to create the same kind of charm which Dilip indelibly leaves after each screen performance
Dilip has been performing live shows across the globe in an effort to celebrate Nepalese culture,music and film-making. His great stage presence is felt every time he gets down to a stage and gives his best performance. He not only performs but touches millions of heart of his fans and non-fans equally proving himself an irresistible heart-throb every time. His impeccable personality on-screen and off-screen is worth million applause His co-workers testify the same[1 .
There are lots of things he aspires to undertake to promote Nepali film industry. Most of his movies have earned sincere praises from critics worldwide [2 . This proves that he is a versatile,multi-talented and willing to get his hands on the diversity of movie-making. Such a big commitment towards the industry at such a young age is worth celebrating for. He has proved to be a valuable asset not only to his country but also to the NRN's living abroad who can now be a part of events performed by Dilip. Plethora of offers are mounting these days for Dilip to perform and conduct premier shows for his upcoming movies overseas [1 .He has been flattered with the sponsorship offers and thanks all of the wellwisers and sponsors for their kindness and immense love towards conserving and promoting Nepalese film industry.

</doc>
<doc id="20118191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118191" title="These Days (Gyroscope song)">
These Days (Gyroscope song)

"These Days" is the fourth single from Gyroscope's album, "Breed Obsession". It was released on iTunes on 1 November 2008, containing two previously unreleased B-sides. The song has been a part of the band's live show since the album's release. In October 2008, Gyroscope posted a live video of the song on their Myspace profile.
Track listing.
All songs were written by Daniel Sanders, Rob Nassif, Brad Campbell, Zoran Trivic.

</doc>
<doc id="20118209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118209" title="The BBC Sessions (Belle and Sebastian album)">
The BBC Sessions (Belle and Sebastian album)

The BBC Sessions is an album by Belle & Sebastian. It is a double album. The first disc ("Radio Sessions") is a compilation of unreleased recordings recorded between 1996 and 2001, while the second ("Live in Belfast") is a live recording from a concert in Belfast on 21 December 2001. The live album contains covers of "Here Comes the Sun", "I'm Waiting for the Man" and "The Boys are Back in Town".
The tracks on the first album come from sessions with Mark Radcliffe, Steve Lamacq and John Peel. The album cover features former member Isobel Campbell, who departed the band six years before this album's release.
Track listing.
Disc One - "Radio Sessions":
Disc Two - "Live in Belfast":

</doc>
<doc id="20118231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118231" title="Kharduri people">
Kharduri people

The Kharduri (also Harduri or Charduri) are a group of formerly semi-nomadic Tajiks of unknown origin. They live in Surxondaryo Province in south-east Uzbekistan (between Boysun and Guzar). The Kharduri numbered about 8,400 in 1924-25.

</doc>
<doc id="20118242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118242" title="Rock Lake (Minnesota)">
Rock Lake (Minnesota)

Rock Lake is a lake located in Cass County, Minnesota, USA. The lake has an area of and a water clarity of with a maximum depth of .
Rock Lake has a smaller lake branching off it, with a smaller stream flowing into it. The lake is weedy and is a habitat for Northern Pike and Large Mouth Bass. It is available for recreational activities such as swimming, boating and fishing.

</doc>
<doc id="20118247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118247" title="Gad Machnes">
Gad Machnes

Gad Machnes (born 8 June 1956) is a retired Israeli footballer. He now works as the manager of Beitar Tubruk in Liga Gimel.
Personal life.
Gad's twin brother Oded was a Striker and both played together in Maccabi Netanya and in Maccabi Petah Tikva.

</doc>
<doc id="20118253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118253" title="Annie Walsh">
Annie Walsh

Annie Walsh (fl. 1870-1880), known under the pseudonym Battle Annie, was an American criminal and member of the Gopher Gang. A well-known criminal figure described in the press as ""The Queen of Hell's Kitchen"" and ""the most feared brick hurler of her time"", Walsh was the founder and longtime leader of the gang's female auxiliary, the "Lady Gophers", headquartered at Mallet Murphy's Battle Row saloon where they were officially known as the "Ladies Battle Row and Club". She was able to assemble a force from fifty up to several hundred women who, armed with clubs, were used as reserve members in gang fights against rival gangs and police. Battle Annie and her group were also hired out by businesses and labor unions throughout a number of violent labor disputes during the 1870s. 
Battle Annie appears as a minor character in the 2003 historical novel "A Passionate Girl" by Thomas J. Fleming.

</doc>
<doc id="20118271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118271" title="Jussi Nuorela">
Jussi Nuorela

Jussi Nuorela (born 11 August 1974 in Valkeakoski) is a former Finnish professional footballer who last played for FC Inter Turku in the Veikkausliiga.
Club career.
Nuorela began his professional career with FC Haka in the Veikkausliiga. He spent one season in the Turkish Super Lig with Elazığspor. After the 2009 season he retired from professional football and started as a youth coach at FC Inter Turku.
International career.
Nuorela has made 20 appearances for the full Finland national football team, his debut coming in a friendly match against Qatar on 25 January 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="20118283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118283" title="South Hill Mall">
South Hill Mall

South Hill Mall is an enclosed, super-regional shopping mall located in Puyallup, Washington, USA. Opened in 1988 and expanded in 1992, the mall comprises more than 100 stores, plus a food court and movie theater, in of gross leasable area. The mall also includes six anchor stores (two JCPenney stores, Macy's, Sears, Target, and Dick's Sporting Goods), as well as Old Navy. The mall is managed by Cafaro Company of Youngstown, Ohio.
History.
South Hill Mall opened in 1988 in Puyallup, Washington, at the junction of Washington State Route 512 and 31st Avenue SW. At the time, the mall included only three anchors: Mervyns, Lamonts and Target. Six years later, work began on a westward expansion which added more than of new retail space, including three new anchors: JCPenney, Sears and The Bon Marché. Office Max and Old Navy were later added as well.
Lamonts was converted to Gottschalks in 2000 when the Lamonts chain was acquired. The Bon Marché was dual-branded as Bon-Macy's in 2003, and then was renamed as just Macy's in 2005, the same year that Gottschalks closed most of the former Lamonts stores. Within a year of its closing, the former Gottschalks anchor was split between Circuit City and Linens 'n Things. Mervyns closed in 2006 as the chain exited Washington. By May of the same year, it was announced that Kohl's, a chain based in Wisconsin, had acquired the former Mervyns store, although the mall's manager later said that Kohl's had no plans to open a store in the mall. The mall's Linens 'n Things store was one of 57 to be closed in mid-2008 as part of the chain's Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings. A multimillion-dollar renovation of the mall also began in 2009, starting with a renovation of the food court. In addition, JCPenney moved its women's departments to the former Mervyns, while retaining all other departments in the existing store. Dick's Sporting Goods opened its first Washington state location in April 2010, replacing the spaces vacated by Circuit City and Linens 'n Things.

</doc>
<doc id="20118291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118291" title="1962–63 Montreal Canadiens season">
1962–63 Montreal Canadiens season

The 1962–63 Montreal Canadiens season was the 54th season in franchise history. The team placed third in the regular season to qualify for the playoffs. The Canadiens were eliminated in semi-finals by the Toronto Maple Leafs 4 games to 1.

</doc>
<doc id="20118304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118304" title="Warren Thomson">
Warren Thomson

Warren Milton Thomson OAM is an Australian pianist, piano competition juror, music editor, and music educator. He has been best known in Australia as artistic director and chairman of the jury of the Sydney International Piano Competition since its inception in 1977. He auditions all entrants, selects the competitors, and chooses the repertoire and the other jurors. He has also been the Artistic Director of the Yamaha Australian Youth Piano Competition since its inception in 1994.
Warren Thomson was educated at Wesley College, Melbourne and the University of Melbourne, where he studied under Roy Shepherd, a pupil of Alfred Cortot. In 1958 and 1959 he was Junior School Music Master, Geelong Grammar School. From 1960 to 1972 he was Foundation Director of Music, Trinity Grammar School, Melbourne, where his secondary role as boarding-house master earned him a reputation as a fine cook and organiser of dinner dances. In 1970 he was the founder of the Federation of Australian Music Teachers' Association, and was its president until 1982. From 1972 to 1974 he was director of studies for the Australian Music Examinations Board, and was the chair of its New South Wales entity, the Music Examinations Advisory Board, as the delegate of the Principal of the Sydney Conservatorium of Music. He was the foundation head of the School of Extension Studies at the Sydney Conservatorium of Music, a position he held from 1974 to 1995. From 1981 to 1987 he was a member of the Conservatorium's Board of Governors. He is artistic director of professional development at the Australian Institute of Music.
Thomson has organised and conducted workshops for music teachers and students throughout NSW since 1976, and has coordinated more than 350 in-service courses for teachers at Sydney Conservatorium. He has performed more than 1,200 new piano works for teachers and given frequent broadcasts on piano teaching, as well as lecture-demonstrations and master classes in the US, Ukraine, China, Hong Kong and Singapore. In 1989 he was the first Australian to be invited to present a paper at the Annual Conference of the Music Teachers' Association, US. 
He has undertaken numerous overseas study tours to investigate music education in Europe, Japan, South America, the US, Hungary, Poland and the former Soviet Union. He has given radio broadcasts in Australia and abroad, including a recording of the piano music of Aram Khachaturian in 1978, the year of the composer's death, for Moscow radio.
He has adjudicated at all the major piano eisteddfods in Australia and has served on international juries, including Deputy Chairman of the Piano Jury for the International Tchaikovsky Competition, Moscow, 1982 and 1990; Gina Bachauer International Piano Competition 1991; New Zealand National Concerto Competition 1993; Cincinnati World Piano Competition 1993, UNISA Transet Competition (Pretoria, South Africa) 1994; Hamamatsu International Piano Competition (Japan) 1994; Vladimir Horowitz International Piano Competition, Kiev, 1995, 1997 and 1999; Krainev Competition in Kharkov 1996; José Iturbi Competition, Valenzia, Spain, 1996; Cologne International Competition, Germany, 1996; Schubert Competition, Germany, 1999; Trani International Piano Competition, Italy, 2004 and 2006; Tbilisi International Piano Competition, Georgia, 2005; Shanghai International Piano Competition, China, 2005; Thalberg International Piano Competition Naples, Italy, 2006; and the China International Piano Competition, Xiamen, China, 2007.
In 1983 he was the Australian representative for the European Piano Teachers’ Association. In 1995, was made an honorary member of the Tchaikovsky Society of Russia. In 2001 he was made an honorary fellow of the Institute of Music Teachers (Australia) and member of the Organizing Committee of the Horowitz International Piano Competition, Kiev, Ukraine. In January 2005 he was made an Honorary Professor of the Kong Xiang-Dong Music Arts College, Shanghai SIPO Polytechnic, China, and in November 2005 Honorary Professor at The Shanghai Conservatory of Music, China.
In 1987 he was awarded the Medal of the Order of Australia for his services to music education.
His publications include the first Australian Urtext editions, and editions of works by: JS Bach, Mozart, Pachelbel, Chopin, Beethoven, Debussy, Ravel, Czerny, Schubert, Schumann, and Tchaikovsky.

</doc>
<doc id="20118312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118312" title="Vermont Electric Cooperative">
Vermont Electric Cooperative

The Vermont Electric Cooperative (VEC) is a consumer-owned electric distribution cooperative headquartered in Johnson, Vermont.
In 2008 VEC served about 34,000 member-customers in 74 towns in northern Vermont, including Addison, Caledonia, Chittenden, Essex, Franklin, Grand Isle, Lamoille, and Orleans counties.
History.
VEC was founded in 1938 in Eden Mills to serve residents in parts of rural Lamoille County who had been bypassed by investor-owned utilities. The Rural Electrification Act financed most of the growth in the early years.
Early service was extended into Chittenden and Franklin counties. From the 1940s until the early 1960s, the territory it served expanded in northern Vermont through the construction of new lines and the acquisition of small private companies. In 1969, VEC expanded into southern Vermont by merging with Halifax Electric Cooperative. In 1970, VEC acquired the International Electric Company serving Derby Line.
In 2004, VEC acquired Citizens Communications Company's Vermont Electric Division. This more than doubled the membership-base. In 2006 VEC sold its Southern District in Windham and Windsor counties to Central Vermont Public Service(CVPS), reducing its membership by 2,770.
In 2008 VEC sought a 9.2% rate increase from the Vermont Public Service Board. It estimates that the rise in rates from transmission rates from ISO New England will increase its transmission costs by $1.5 million to $6 million total. About 30% of the increase is due to this increased transmission costs.
In 2009, VEC announced that it would purchase 50% of the 40 megawatts Sheffield wind-generated electricity when it becomes available.
The cooperative installed smart meters at 80% of their households from 2007-2009. Savings using these have paid for the equipment upgrades.
Administration.
A 13 member Board of Directors is elected by members. Seven seats are reserved for geographic districts. Five members are elected by the entire membership.
District 1 includes the towns of Barton, Brighton, Brownington, Charleston, Holland, Morgan and Westmore. There are also towns in Caledonia. District 2 includes Coventry, Derby, and Newport city. The remaining towns in Orleans County are in District 5. District 4 includes Jay, Lowell, Newport town, Westfield and Troy. District 8 includes Albany, Barton, Craftsbury, Glover, Greensboro and towns in Lamoille and Caledonia counties.
The president is Tom Bailey. Directprs include Priscilla Matten (District 4), and Steve Wolfgram (District 8).
In 2013, there were 18 candidates for three open seats on the board.

</doc>
<doc id="20118329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118329" title="Håkan Karlsson">
Håkan Karlsson

Jonas Klas Håkan Karlsson (born January 19, 1970 in Kristianstad, Skåne County) is a former freestyle swimmer from Sweden. He competed for his native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in the men's 100 m freestyle. He was affiliated with the Karlskrona SS.

</doc>
<doc id="20118339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118339" title="Dakota Ojibway Tribal Council">
Dakota Ojibway Tribal Council

The Dakota Ojibway Tribal Council (DOTC) is an organization of First Nations communities in Manitoba, Canada. Its mission statement indicates that the council's purpose is to "facilitate in the transfer of local control and responsibility of programs and services to member bands".
History.
DOTC was established in Brandon, Manitoba in August, 1974 which essentially involved the South West Region of the Manitoba Indian Brotherhood.
Members.
When DOTC was founded, it had 10 members. Since then, membership have grown and have shrunk.

</doc>
<doc id="20118361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118361" title="Eric Lipton">
Eric Lipton

Eric Lipton is a reporter at the New York Times. Lipton joined the Times in 1999, covering the final years of the administration of New York Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani, as well as the 2001 terror attacks. He is co-author of the 2003 book "City in the Sky, the Rise and Fall of the World Trade Center". He is now based in New York Times' Washington bureau, where he is an investigative reporter who has written about homeland security.
Prior to working for the New York Times, he worked at the Washington Post and the Hartford Courant. He was the co-author of a series of stories on the Hubble Space Telescope that won the 1992 Pulitzer Prize in Explanatory Journalism. Lipton was also a finalist for the Livingston Award for young journalists.
Lipton is a graduate of University of Vermont. In 2008, he was the recipient of an honorary degree from University of Vermont. The April 2009 issue of Esquire magazine listed him in its 'The List of Men: Sixty-Six Guys to Emulate'. 
Lipton lives in Washington D.C. with his wife, Elham Dehbozorgi.

</doc>
<doc id="20118372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118372" title="1961–62 Montreal Canadiens season">
1961–62 Montreal Canadiens season

The 1961–62 Montreal Canadiens season was the 53rd season in franchise history. The team placed first in the regular season to qualify for the playoffs. The Canadiens were eliminated in semi-finals by the Chicago Black Hawks 4 games to 2.

</doc>
<doc id="20118377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118377" title="Beddawi refugee camp">
Beddawi refugee camp

Beddawi camp is a second camp in north Lebanon. It is located in the high region which is in front of Tripoli city. It has two entrances, one southward from the Al-qobi region and the other northward from Beddawi city. It was established in 1955 in 1 km2. It is 120m above sea level and about 5 km north of Tripoli city.
Sectors.
The camp is divided into four sectors:
Sector A.
This contains 30% of the occupants. Most of them are from Safad region, Shafaamer, Nahf, Safouri, Yafa, Yafa badoun, Al-Ghabisiyya, Al-Safsf.
Sector B.
This contains 20% of the occupants. Most of them are from, Safad region, Al-Safsf, Sohmata, Al- Brwih, Hayfa, Al- Bozih, Jahoula, Al- Naami.
Sector C.
This contains 30% of the occupants. Most of them are from, Safad region, Al- Bozih, Safouri, Hayfa region, Yafa, Khalesah.
Sector D.
This contains 20%, distributed among 3 regions:
Other occupants.
In Beddawi camp there are some people without identity or registration. They came in 1967 from West Bank, Gaza, Jordan, Egypt, Iraq.
Link.
Beddawi camp, articles from UNRWA

</doc>
<doc id="20118424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118424" title="List of Penn State academic buildings">
List of Penn State academic buildings

The following is a list of academic buildings within the Pennsylvania State University system.
University Park.
Note that a number of older buildings are included in the Farmers' High School Historic District added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1981.
Ag Hill area.
The Ag Hill Complex was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
Commonwealth campuses.
This portion of the list excludes those buildings in which an insignificant number of courses are held or those buildings that have an obvious use other than that of academics (e.g., libraries, administration buildings, and student centers).

</doc>
<doc id="20118426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118426" title="1960–61 Montreal Canadiens season">
1960–61 Montreal Canadiens season

The 1960–61 Montreal Canadiens season was the 52nd season in club history. The team placed first in the regular season to qualify for the playoffs. The Canadiens were eliminated in semi-finals by the Chicago Black Hawks 4 games to 2.

</doc>
<doc id="20118427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118427" title="Rudi Dollmayer">
Rudi Dollmayer

Rudolf ("Rudi") Christopher Karl Dollmayer (born 17 January 1966 in Karlskoga, Örebro County) is a former butterfly and backstroke swimmer from Sweden. He competed for his native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in the men's 100 m butterfly and the men's 100 m backstroke. He was affiliated with SK Ran in Malmö.

</doc>
<doc id="20118428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118428" title="Chinka">
Chinka

Chinka () is a village in the municipal unit of Molossoi, Ioannina regional unit, Greece. In 2001 its population was 147, of which only 80 people live there all year long. It is situated on a hillside above the right bank of the river Tyria. It is 4 km east of Agios Christoforos, 14 km northwest of Dodoni and 20 km west of Ioannina.

</doc>
<doc id="20118429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118429" title="Public Broadcast Service">
Public Broadcast Service

The Public Broadcast Service (PBS) is a government-owned educational radio and television broadcast service located in Barbados. Public Broadcast Service (PBS) owns a radio station, 91.1FM and its television programming will be introduced in 2009.
The station falls under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Education and Human Resource Development.
The main focus is educational programming. The radio and television station will be geared towards everyone from school children to continuous education for adults. The stated intention according to the acting Education Minister Patrick Todd, was that: "if Barbados wants to be competitive, there must be further reform of the educational system, to fully embrace and deploy all the technologies... in order to reach those individuals who do not respond readily to traditional teaching methods."
Todd added that the PBS would cater to those Barbadians, who, for one reason or another, want to re-educate themselves. "The PBS for Education in Barbados will have the capacity to offer certified online training courses for teachers, public officers, police officers, fire officers and the Defence Force," he explained.
The facility for the service will encompass a radio station, a free-to-air television station and an umbrella website. It will fall under the auspice of the Media Resource Department (Formerly the Ministry’s Audio-Visual Aids Department from the years 1969-1996) at Government Hill, will officially be in charge of overseeing the service.
It is planned over a seven-year period that the station will gradually progress towards a full 24-hour programming schedule. The planned themed programming includes: Listening Comprehension, Story-Telling, Religious Education, Science, Language Arts, Social Studies, Mental Arithmetic, Spanish and Geography.

</doc>
<doc id="20118430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118430" title="John Bovée">
John Bovée

John Bovée is President and CEO of "Capital Development Strategies", a political fundraising firm in Sacramento, California.
Early career.
John Bovée was born in Bakersfield, California in 1957. He attended Eissler Elementary, Chipman Jr. High and Highland High School. He graduated magna cum laude with a Bachelor of Arts degree in history from the California State University, Bakersfield in 1979. He was class valedictorian that same year and shared the stage with the President of the University and legendary author Ray Bradbury. 
Bovée first job out of college was for General Motors Acceptance Corporation in Los Angeles, California as a repo man in 1979. He moved back to Bakersfield in 1980 and began his career in politics and government for Republican causes and candidates the same year, working for two County Supervisors and a candidate for Mayor in Kern County, California. He served on Ronald Reagan's Kern County finance committee in 1980. Bovée continued to work in Kern County Republican politics from 1981 to 1985. He was chief of Staff to County Supervisor David A. Head from 1980-1982. In 1982 he served as campaign manager for Ann Gutcher for State Senate. In 1984 he served in a similar capacity for a county supervisorial candidate. 
In 1985 Bovée moved to Sacramento and worked in the California State Assembly as Chief of Staff for two different Republican members. In 1986 and 1988 Bovée helped run the campaigns of the top Assembly Republican target, Assemblyman Bill Filante, winning both times by comfortable margins.
From 1985 to 1990, Bovée was one of the top fund-raisers for Republican California State Assembly candidates. From 1988 to 1995 he was the Executive Vice President for a statewide trade association; he also oversaw the activities of their political action committee.
In 1995 John Bovée founded The Bovée Company, a republican fundraising firm. In 2013 the firm changed its name to Capital Development Strategies. Bovée is still the owner and CEO of the company. Over the last 18 years the firm has represented nearly every major Republican in California including Governor Pete Wilson, Assembly Speaker Curt Pringle, and Assembly Republican Leaders Mike Villines, George Plescia, Sam Blakeslee and Connie Conway. A 1999 Los Angeles Times article called him a mastermind of Republican fundraising. Bovée has assisted the fundraising efforts of U.S. Senate and Congressional campaigns in North Dakota, South Dakota, Florida and Pennsylvania.
Author.
Bovée is also a published author and has written articles for national and state periodicals. He has appeared as a guest on the television and radio talk show circuit and co-authored a book on research published by Louisiana State University Press in the fall of 1999.
In 2011 Bovée published his first novel entitled Jesus of Bakersfield.
Bovée lives in Sacramento, California with his wife of 23 years and their three sons. 

</doc>
<doc id="20118441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118441" title="Sochi agreement">
Sochi agreement

The Sochi agreement (also known as the "Dagomys Agreements" (), official name in Russian: «Cоглашение о принципах мирного урегулирования грузино-осетинского конфликта») was a ceasefire agreement ostensibly marking the end of the both the Georgian–Ossetian and Georgian–Abkhazian conflicts, signed in Sochi on June 24, 1992 between Georgia and South Ossetia, the ceasefire with Abkhazia on July 27, 1993.
South Ossetia agreement.
Russia brokered a ceasefire and negotiated the Agreement in 1992. The agreement primarily established a cease-fire between both the Georgian and South Ossetian forces, but it also defined a zone of conflict around the South Ossetian capital of Tskhinvali and established a security corridor along the border of the as yet unrecognized South Ossetian territories. The Agreement also created a Joint Control Commission and a peacekeeping body, the Joint Peacekeeping Forces group (JPKF). The JPKF was put under Russian command and was composed of peacekeepers from Georgia, Russia, and North Ossetia (as the separatist South Ossetian government was still unrecognized; South Ossetian peacekeepers, however, served in the North Ossetian contingent). In addition, the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) did agree to monitor the ceasefire and to facilitate negotiations. The OSCE sought to eliminate sources of tension, support the existing ceasefire, and facilitate a broader political framework to alleviate long term disharmony.
Abkhazia agreement.
Once again, a Russian brokered agreement in 1993, the Agreement on a ceasefire in Abkhazia and On a Mechanism To Ensure Its Observance, allowed for a moratorium on the use of force, the withdrawal of conflicting parties from the warzone within fifteen days, establishing a Russian-Georgian-Abkhaz control group to monitor the ceasefire, the return of the Abkhazian parliament to Sukhumi, the placement of UN observers in the territory, and the resumption of talks to settle the dispute. In August of the same year UNOMIG was put in place as the UN monitoring force. The truce was violated on September 27 as Abkhaz forces seized Sukhumi and declared victory. The pro-Georgian forces then withdrew to Tbilisi, as Georgia joined the CIS and changed Russia's stance towards Georgia's on the matter.
A further Agreement on a Cease-fire and Separation of Forces, also known as the 1994 Moscow Agreement, was agreed the following year.
Once again, on March 6-7, 2003, Georgian President Eduard Sheverdnadze and Russian President Vladimir Putin signed another agreement that sought to include economic rehabilitation, resumption of rail networks, and the attraction of international investment. This would happen to turn into a disappointment, especially for the Georgians.
Other Sochi summits.
In 2003, Russian President Vladimir Putin met Georgian President Shevardnadze and Abkhazian PM Gennady Gagulia and set in motion a Sochi process that sought to create a Georgian-Russian-Abkhaz working groups on confidence building measures's (CBM). The parties sought to make it easier for the return of refugees and economic reconstruction. The Sochi process signified a regress from the multilateral to a bilateral format that left Georgia on its own to face Russia and the Abkhaz. It also was seen to undermine Georgia's argument that the Geneva process was the sole format for a comprehensive settlement of the conflict. In 2004, Russia were seen to violate the agreement as a Russian company begun maintenance work on the Sochi-Sukhumi railroad, which was legally Georgian, though controlled by Russia and the Abkhaz. The move was seen as a violation whereby restoration could only proceed in parallel with the safe return of Georgian refugees to Abkhazia beginning with the Gali district. However, there had been no progress on the return of refugees, and so, unilateral Russian actions on the railroad violated the Sochi agreement. <-- dead-->However, there had been no progress on the return of refugees.
In 2008, U.S. President George W. Bush and Putin made a last-ditch attempt as incumbent presidents to resolve a protracted dispute over European missile defenses at anotjer Sochi summit. This followed Russian officials objecting to U.S. plans to deploy ballistic missile defenses (BMD) in Poland and the Czech Republic. They had claim that the stated American justification for the BMD deployments -- that the systems are needed to defend the United States and European countries against an emerging Iranian missile threat -- lacked credibility. Instead, they insisted the true objective of such moves along Russia's periphery was to weaken Russia's nuclear deterrent.

</doc>
<doc id="20118446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118446" title="Headingley Correctional Institution">
Headingley Correctional Institution

The Headingley Correctional Institution is a provincial prison, established in 1931 in the rural municipality of Headingley, Manitoba.
A serious riot broke out at the institution in 1996. Eight guards and several prisoners were injured, some seriously, as a group of inmates controlled the prison over the course of two days. The prison itself was extensively damaged, and required months of repairs before inmates were returned.
Address:
Visiting Tel.: 204-831-4610
Switchboard: 204-837-1351
Fax General: 204-889-3033

</doc>
<doc id="20118456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118456" title="Red Ant Enterprises">
Red Ant Enterprises

Red Ant Enterprises Pty Ltd was an Australian owned video game, anime, home video and PC software distributor. Red Ant is the largest such company in the country, as well as the local distributor for over 30 publishers that are based overseas, including 505 Games and Oxygen Games and previously European subsidiaries of Japanese companies such as Capcom Europe and Rising Star Games before Red Ant went into receivership. The company was deregistered by ASIC on 23 October 2011.
Red Ant Enterprises has partnered with Rialto Distribution to start their home entertainment division which features independent and/or less-known films. In 2008, Red Ant announced they acquired the license from Gainax to release "" as their first move into the anime industry. Red Ant has currently owns the licenses to "Evangelion 1.0" and "Oh! Edo Rocket", and has secured the rights to "Perfect Blue", which Madman Entertainment (Australia's largest Anime sub-licensee and distributor) lost in late 2008. Red Ant Enterprises only owns the rights to the Japanese subtitled versions of these titles.
Red Ant Enterprises has announced that they have a new distribution deal with Konami of Europe, whose products are currently distributed in Australia and New Zealand by Atari Australia. The deal was to come into effect early in 2009, but since Red Ant went into administration, Konami of Europe decided to return to Atari.
Receivership.
On 21 January 2009, Red Ant announced that the company had gone into receivership. This affects all their distribution deals with Red Ant having done deals with European subsidiaries of Midway, Konami and Capcom. Konami immediately reacted with KOE President Kunio Neo breaking their deal with Red Ant Enterprises and staying with Atari Australia Pty. Ltd. On 11 February 2009, Capcom Europe returned to their previous distributor THQ Asia Pacific. Rising Star Games has assured Australian retailers that Red Ant Enterprises' collapse has not affected the sale of their products in Australia. Rising Star Games had signed with AFA Interactive on August 2008 with Red Ant Enterprises distributing games submitted to the OFLC on behalf of Rising Star Games before then. All remaining Rising Star assets at Red Ant are being moved over to AFA, with Nintendo Australia having all distribution rights to the Harvest Moon series on all Nintendo systems and use the Rising Star Games version.
This event also affects all home entertainment licenses held by Red Ant Enterprises. Red Ant Enterprises partnered with Rialto Distribution when Red Ant ventured into home entertainment. Most likely all licenses held by the company will be sold by receivers Deloitte to try to pay as much back to the creditors as possible. The 3 anime licenses, "Perfect Blue" (Previously held by Madman Entertainment under license from Manga Entertainment) was given to Siren Visual, "" was given to Madman Entertainment, and "Oh! Edo Rocket" hasn't been relicensed as of 2014.
On 14 April 2009, European publishers 505 Games, Black Bean, N3V Pulblishing and System 3 went to Gold Coast based distributor, All Interactive Distribution. Bethesda Softworks subsequently also went to All Interactive Entertainment to handle distribution for their titles.
The company was deregistered by ASIC on 23 October 2011.
Within a month of the company’s announcement of receivership, the former owner of Red Ant Enterprises, Julian White, was able to create a licensing consultancy agency by the name of Tuff Kat. The agency brought former Red Ant client 505 games. In October of 2009, the Red Ant’s Report As To Affairs revealed that over $2,000,000 had been loaned to subsidiaries and trust funds all owned by Julian White. 

</doc>
<doc id="20118460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118460" title="Pflugerville High School">
Pflugerville High School

Pflugerville High School is a public high school located in Pflugerville, Texas that serves 2,108 students from grades 9-12. The current principal is Kirk Wrinkle. Its athletics department is fairly notable in that it has produced two Major League Baseball pitchers, Mario Ramos and Nate Minchey, along with many other minor league baseball players.
Athletics.
History.
Football.
Pflugerville High School Football
During the 2013 NFL Draft, Pflugerville High School graduate Zaviar Gooden and Alex Okafor was drafted by the Tennessee Titans and Arizona Cardinals respectively.
55-game winning streak.
From 1958 until 1962, Pflugerville won 55 consecutive games. At the time, it was both a State and National record. The Streak ended with a 12-6 loss to Holland in the 1962 Bi-District round of the playoffs.
In 1958 and 1959, PHS fielded Eight-Man football teams and played in the Class B division until 1967, which were not allowed to play to a State Championship. This is why Pflugerville is only credited with 34 wins on the all-time consecutive win chart. However, they are in actually, in 2nd Place as of 2005.
<br>
The Panthers compiled 5 District Championships, 2 Bi-District Championships, and 4 Regional Championships.
<br>
Through those five seasons, the Panthers scored 2,585 points; allowed just 256 and recorded 31 shutouts of their opponents.
<br>
The record for most consecutive victories is now held by De La Salle High School of California with 151 from 1992-2004. 
<br>
Their streak ended with the first game of the 2004 season against Bellvue High from Washington state. 
<br>
The Texas State record is now held by Celina, which won 68 games from 1998-2002. Pflugerville still ranks #2 All-Time in the State of Texas.
Cross Country.
In the 2009-2010 season, Pflugerville's Cross Country for the first time qualified an entire team for regionals. Prior to this, Philip Linder was the first male Cross Country runner to qualify for regionals in 13 years. The Team Consisted of 7 runners and 1 back up. Yusuf "Turbo" Khan, won first place in the district meet prior to regionals. Luis Serrato Jr. was second in the team placing 10th in district. Followed by Brandon Arias, Shane Johnson, Jacob Catano, Micah Rios, Reiberto Montiel. The back up being Zachary Barton. From the points gathered by Yusuf and Luis the Pflugerville Cross Country team qualified for regionals held in San Antonio.
Kuempel Stadium.
Kuempel Stadium the current home of the Panthers in Football, Soccer and Track & Field.
Through the 2004 season, Kuempel Stadium has had a natural grass playing surface. However, on February 5, 2005 voters approved a multi-million dollar bond package which will include funds to upgrade to the new style of artificial turf. Similar surfaces are used at RRISD Stadium and at Dragon Stadium as well as NFL and College teams throughout the Nation. Construction was finished prior to the start of the 2005 season
A plaque outside the entrance explains the name origin.
Dedicated October 1986
Named for Charles and H. L. "Hub" Kuempel, both graduates of Pflugerville High School, who returned and served the Pflugerville schools for a combined 49 years. In the late '50s and early '60s they coached PHS to 55 consecutive football victories.
At that time this was a State and National Record. This accomplishment still stands as the Texas state record
In the news.
On the morning of September 11, 2007, a teenager in Pflugerville was arrested in connection to terrorist threats made against Pflugerville High School that were posted on the website 4chan.
School songs.
Alma Mater<br>
Hail to you, Our dear old High school,<br>
With its Gold and Blue.<br>
Stands our noble Alma mater,<br>
glorious to you.<br>
Let the chorus beat it onward<br>
Loud your praises tell<br>
Hail to you, our dear old High school<br>
Hail, oh, hail, to you
FIGHT SONG<br>
On, on, Pflugerville<br>
We are right for the fight tonight<br>
Hold that ball and hit that line;<br>
Every Panther here will shine<br>
And then we'll fight for the blue and gold<br>
And then we'll cheer for that old varsity<br>
...Fight...fight<br>
And we'll bring home a victory! <br>

</doc>
<doc id="20118475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118475" title="Chilean ironclad Almirante Cochrane">
Chilean ironclad Almirante Cochrane

The armored frigate Almirante Cochrane was a ship of the Chilean Navy in the late nineteenth century. She was built, like her twin, the armored frigate "Blanco Encalada", in the UK in 1875. She participated in the War of the Pacific, with her most prominent action being her defeat of the Peruvian monitor "Huáscar" in the Angamos naval battle. The "Cochrane" was part of the forces that defeated President José Manuel Balmaceda in the 1891 Chilean Civil War.
Background.
In 1871 the president of Chile, Federico Errázuriz Zañartu, initiated a bill in the Chilean congress to authorize the executive to purchase two armored vessels. The bill passed with only with a single opposing vote (that of the former president Jose Joaquin Perez Mascayano), and provided for two medium sized ships (frigates) and that the total cost of the purchase would be 2,000,000 pesos.
Construction and operation.
The Chilean ambassador to the United Kingdom, Alberto Blest Gana, was placed in charge of the project. Blest Gana hired the British ship designer E.J. Reed, a former naval architect to the British admiralty, as technical adviser.
The order was placed at Earle's Shipbuilding Co. in Hull, Yorkshire. The frigates were to be named "Almirante Cochrane" and "Valparaiso" (the "Valparaiso" was subsequently renamed "Blanco Encalada"). The construction of the "Cochrane" began in April 1872. The ship was launched and sailed to Chile in 1874, before having been completed, because of fears of a potential conflict with neighboring Argentina and Bolivia. The "Cochrane" arrived at the port of Valparaiso on December 26, 1874, commanded by Captain Coneyin and returned to the UK to be completed in January 1877, after her sister, the "Valparaiso" had arrived.
In January 1878, once the dispute with Argentina had been settled, President Aníbal Pinto instructed Alberto Blest Gana to arrange for the sale of the two frigates in order to alleviate the economic crisis that had prevailed in Chile for several years. On behalf of Blest Gana, E. J. Reed offered "Cochrane" to the UK for the sum of 220,000 pounds sterling, but the British declined. Reed then tried to sell the two ships to Russia, but again without success.
She was then rebuilt in 1897-1900 as a gunnery and torpedo training ship. She was scrapped in 1934.
Design.
Principle dimensions.
The "Cochrane" was 64.0 m long, with a beam of 14.0 m and a draft of 6.0 m. The hull had a maximum displacement of 3650 t when fully loaded with fuel, fresh water, weapons, ammunition, food and crew. The hull was constructed of iron, held with rivets, and was divided lengthwise into eight compartments (counting piques the bow and stern), by seven iron bulkheads. The bow of the "Cochrane" had, as was customary in the designs of the late nineteenth century, a sharp spur located under the waterline and projecting ahead of the forward perpendicular. She was fitted with a cruiser stern.
Armament.
The main armament, which was mounted on the central redoubt (central battery), was six 228 mm (9 in) Armstrong guns divided by three-band, mounted heal Scott central pivot, allowing the bow cannon to fire off the sleeve. The centerpiece fired at an angle of 70 degrees and 35 degrees to bow to stern and the third from the hose to the stern (see picture). Supplementing this was a 20-pound cannon, and one 9 and one 7 pounders, and a Nordenfeldt machine gun installed in the COFA's ratchet, one-inch-caliber (25.4 mm), which fired a one pound (454 grams) projectile.
The "Cochrane" also had a steam boat which was equipped with a torpedo on a bowsprit. The only time this boat was used was on the expedition to Callao, where it was used to try to sink Peruvian ships.
Armor.
The ship was protected under the waterline by an armored belt which stretched from around under the waterline up to the battery cover. The maximum thickness was at the waterline, the center of the ship, and at the bow and stern. The hull and armor plating were separated by a layer of teak thick to reduce the impact of hits. The battery cover, which was flush with the armored belt, was protected by a armour in the center of the ship, reducing to at the bow and stern. The battery, which had a height of between 2 and 2.5 m, was protected in bands and on the front face by two plates, the lower one and the top one thick. The back of the battery was protected by armor plating thick. Like the armor of the hull, this was bolted to a metal structure with an inner lining of teak thick.
Propulsion.
"Cochrane" was fitted with both steam and sail propulsion, being rigged as a barquentine. The power plant, provided by the company John Penn & sons, consisted of two compound steam engines, six boilers and two propellers. The machines had two horizontal cylinders, one high and one low pressure. The high pressure cylinder had a diameter of 1.16 meters (46 inches) while the low pressure cylinder had a diameter of 1.93 meters (76 inches). The race was two cylinders of .
The machines were capable of a maximum total output of 1.23 MW (2,920 HP), providing 90 revolutions per minute. These two machines span propeller blades of four to in diameter and of way.
The steam was supplied by six cylindrical tube boilers with a maximum working pressure of 413.6 kPa (60 psi). The total area of 836.12 sq meters of heating era (9000 ft ²).
This propulsion system allowed the "Cochrane", during tests over a measured mile, a top speed of 12.8 knots. However, the maximum operating speed was 12 knots. At this speed fuel consumption was 45 tons of coal per day, with consumption of 35 tons per day at the reduced speed of 10 knots.
Military operations.
Pacific War (1879-1883).
The "Cochrane" participated in the Pacific War, most prominently being taking part in the defeat and capture of Peruvian monitor "Huáscar" in the Naval Battle of Angamos, on October 8, 1879. At the start of the war the "Cochrane" was commanded by Captain Enrique Baeza Simpson and since April 5 was present at the blockade of Iquique.
At the end of June 1879 the "Cochrane" was the flagship of the 2nd Naval Division, in charge of the blockade of Iquique with the gunboat "Magellan", the corvette "Abtao" and the "Matias Cousiño". On July 16, the "Cochrane" and "Matias Cousiño" were relieved by the "Blanco Encalada" and "Lamar", respectively, and withdrew to Antofagasta.
In August 1879, "the Cochrane" sailed to Valparaiso and underwent maintenance for the next month. Captain Juan Jose Latorre then took command. Latorre was also head of the 2nd Naval Division, which also consisted of the "Loa" and "O'Higgins". "Cochrane" then went on to participate in the decisive naval battle of Angamos . The "Cochrane" was also present in 1880 when the Peruvian corvette "Union" broke the blockade of Arica.
Civil War of 1891.
During the 1891 Chilean Civil War "Cochrane" was part of the forces that defeated President José Manuel Balmaceda.
At dusk on January 7, 1891, the "Cochrane" towed the "Huáscar", which had had her machines dismantled, from the Bay of Valparaiso to Las Salinas, where the "Huáscar" was prepared for service. On August 23, 1891, she participated in the battle against the forces at Valparaiso, along with the "Esmeralda" and under the command of Jorge Montt. The "Cochrane" took between 10 and 12 hits, whilst the "Esmeralda" took between 6 and 8.
References.
Much of this article was translated from Blanco Encalada (fragata blindada).

</doc>
<doc id="20118481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118481" title="Thymoquinone">
Thymoquinone

Thymoquinone is a phytochemical compound found in the plant "Nigella sativa".
Clinical study.
In 2010, an Iranian pilot study was done where thymoquinone was administered to children with epilepsy. From this study, it can be concluded that thymoquinone has anti-epileptic effects in children with refractory seizures.
Research in animals.
It has antioxidant effects and has been shown to protect against heart, liver and kidney damage in animal studies as well as having possible anti-cancer effects.
It also has analgesic and anticonvulsant effects in animal models. It is an angiogenesis inhibitor.
In 2008 in-vitro tests showed it was an HDAC inhibitor, affecting genes such p53, Bax, bcl-2 and p21.
Thymoquinone has been studied for its potential effects on colon cancer cells. It reduces mouse colon tumor cell invasion and inhibits tumor growth in animal models of colon cancer. The stress response sensor CHEK1 may contribute to the anti-colon cancer effects of thymoquinone. 
Thymoquinone may affect immune function by influencing dendritic cell functions such as maturation, cell pH (by affecting Na+/H+ activity), oxidative burst, migration and cytokine release. Dendritic cell volume may also be affected by thymoquinone.
Thymoquinone has been shown to induce apoptosis in thrombocytes, an effect largely dependent on PI3K signaling. In colorectal cancer, however, thymoquinone's apoptotic effects arise from inhibition of the MEK1/2 pathway instead of PI3K. In this case, cell-specific apoptosis in tumors is induced through the former pathway. This is associated with a reduction in GSK-3β phosphorylation (increased activation) and subsequent translocation of β-catentin to the cellular membrane where the stabilized protein would fail to induce proliferation.

</doc>
<doc id="20118483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118483" title="Gheorghe Roșca Codreanu National College">
Gheorghe Roșca Codreanu National College

The Gheorghe Roşca Codreanu National College () is a high school in the city of Bârlad, Romania.
The school was established by Gheorghe Roşca Codreanu as a gymnasium in 1858, being upgraded to a complete high school in 1864. It is the fourth high school established in Romania, after ones in Bucharest, Iaşi and Craiova. The present building of the school was inaugurated on April 27, 1886.
Alumni.
Martin Bercovici

</doc>
<doc id="20118495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118495" title="Seodaemun Art Hall">
Seodaemun Art Hall

Seodaemun Art Hall is a South Korean movie theater located in Seodaemun, northwestern Seoul. Originally called Hwayang Theater, it opened in 1964 and is today the city's last remaining single screen theater.
History.
Seodaemun Art Hall opened in 1964 as Hwayang Theater. In its early years the theater screened classic Hollywood films such as "Ben-Hur" and "The Sound of Music", and in the 1980s was a hotspot for Hong Kong cinema, hosting premieres and drawing actors such as Leslie Cheung and Chow Yun-fat. It went into decline with the increasing popularity of multiplex movie theaters, and despite changing its name to Dream Cinema in 1999, this attempt to rebrand its image was unsuccessful. In recent years the theater has been limited to screening free previews or films that are long past their opening dates. As of 2008, Seodaemun Art Hall was the last remaining single screen movie theater in Seoul.
Today.
With plans to redevelop the area and the building facing demolition, Seodaemun Art Hall announced in October 2007 that it would be closing. To give the theater an appropriate farewell, Kim Eun-joo, the head of Seodaemun Art Hall, invested ₩100 million in upgrading the movie screen and sound system for the purpose of screening her favourite film, "Dirty Dancing", for which she translated subtitles herself. The theater was given a retro 1980s look, and a hand painted advertising board for the film was created to decorate the entrance. Painted by local artist Kim Young-jun, the board took him and his assistants one week to complete.
"Dirty Dancing" opened at Seodaemun Art Hall in November 2007, and with low priced tickets costing ₩3,500 it attracted 700 to 1,000 viewers per day, several times more than the theater's average audience numbers. The popularity of the screening allowed the film's run to extend into early 2008. Although the theater still remains due to close, it has continued to screen films throughout the year, with a re-release of Hong Kong film "A Better Tomorrow" opening on 8 August 2008.
As of 2012, Seodaemun Art Hall is demolished.
Location.
Seodaemun Art Hall is located directly outside exit 8 of Seodaemun Station on Seoul Subway Line 5.

</doc>
<doc id="20118498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118498" title="Bactoprenol">
Bactoprenol

Bactoprenol is a lipid synthesized by three different species of lactobacilli.
Bactoprenol phosphate transports NAM and NAG across the cell membrane during the synthesis of peptidoglycan. Bacitracin inhibits the recycling of pyrophosphobactoprenol to the inner leaflet. 

</doc>
<doc id="20118505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118505" title="Stylochaeton">
Stylochaeton

Stylochaeton is a genus of flowering plants in the Araceae family that is endemic to Africa. It consists of about 17 species. "Stylochaeton" are rhizomatous with hastate leaves. Flowering in this genus is said to be quite uncommon. 

</doc>
<doc id="20118510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118510" title="1953–54 Montreal Canadiens season">
1953–54 Montreal Canadiens season

The 1953–54 Montreal Canadiens season was the 45th season in franchise history. The team placed first second in the regular season to qualify for the playoffs. The Canadiens lost in Stanley Cup final against Detroit Red Wings 4 games to 3.

</doc>
<doc id="20118512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118512" title="Tianjin World Financial Center">
Tianjin World Financial Center

The Tianjin Tower, or Jin Tower (), or Tianjin World Financial Center () is a modern supertall skyscraper located in the Heping Business District of Tianjin, China, on the banks of the Hai River. The mixed-use tower is tall and contains 74 floors above ground and 4 below, with an observation deck at . The area of the glass unitized curtain wall, manufactured by Jangho Group, is 215,000m². It is notable as the first office building in Tianjin to be equipped with double decker elevators.
The skyscraper was topped-out on January 14, 2010 and opened in 2011.
The building is owned by Financial Street Holding, with Jones Lang LaSalle as joint sales and leasing agents.

</doc>
<doc id="20118520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118520" title="Zionsville Community High School">
Zionsville Community High School

Zionsville Community High School (ZCHS) is a 4-year high school located in Boone County, Zionsville, Indiana, United States. The high school's current enrollment is 1,818 students as of the 2012-2013 school year.
History.
The high school was established in 1885 and graduated its first class in 1888. At that time it was located in the second-floor chapel of "The Academy", a small, brick, school house built in 1867 on Walnut Hill. Today, that site is the home of Hussey-Mayfield Memorial Public Library. In 1910, it was commissioned as Eagle Township High School. The Chapel building was torn down in 1922 and replaced in 1924. The gymnasium was finished in 1925.
The school remained at that location until 1968 when the first section of the current building was erected on Whitestown Road. In 1970, the name was changed to Zionsville Community High School, when a new school corporation, Eagle-Union Community School Corporation, was formed by the merger of Eagle and Union township schools. The old Eagle Township High School buildings were torn down in 1978, with the exception of the gymnasium. Called the "Varsity Gym" the school continued to use it as the home court of the boys basketball teams into the 1990s. It was torn down to make space for the library's expansion. In 1998 the new varsity gym, located at the Whitestown Road site, opened its doors for the first time. In 2003, the new performing arts center opened. The freshman center and aquatics center opened in 2005. At the end of the 2009 football season, the original football stadium was torn down and a new multi-purpose stadium opened in 2010. In 2011, the new baseball fields and soccer practice fields will open for the first time.
State championships.
Indiana High School Athletic Association state championships:
In addition, the school's Quiz Bowl team won the Indiana State Quiz Bowl tournament in 2010 and 2011, as well as the National Academic Championship in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20118566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118566" title="Coliseo Centenario">
Coliseo Centenario

The Coliseo Centenario (Centennial Coliseum in English), officially named "Centro de Espectaculos Coliseo Centenario" is a multi-purpose complex in Torreón, in the state of Coahuila, Mexico. The complex can seat up to 10,000 people. It can also accommodate and services concerts, theater, sports venue, exhibitions and conventions it also has restaurants, a bullfighting museum, and offices.
Coliseo Centenario is one of the most modern centers of spectacles of the north of the country in Mexico. Its first event was bullfighting event on February 8, 2008. It first music concert was held on February 14, 2008 performed by the remaining members of The Doors. Other musical acts that appear at the Coliseo Centenario includes Banda el Recodo, Maná, Mägo de Oz, Pedro Fernández, Café Tacuba and Juan Gabriel.

</doc>
<doc id="20118594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118594" title="Marquis Huan of Cai">
Marquis Huan of Cai

Marquis Huan of Cai (蔡桓侯) (? - 695 BC), born Jī Fēngrén (姫封人), was the twelve ruler of the State of Cai from 715 BC to 695 BC. He was the only known son of Marquis Xuan of Cai (蔡宣侯), his predecessor. His reign was a period of 20 years. He was succeeded by his son.

</doc>
<doc id="20118610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118610" title="Marquis Ai of Cai">
Marquis Ai of Cai

Marquis Ai of Cai (蔡哀侯) (died 675 BC), born Jī Xiànwǔ (姫獻舞), was the thirteenth ruler of the State of Cai from 695 BC to 675 BC. He was the only known son of Marquis Huan of Cai (蔡桓侯), his predecessor. His reign was a period of 20 years. In the autumn of 684 BC, King Wen of Chu conquered the State of Cai and took the reigning Marquis as a prisoner of war. But King Wen of Chu restored the state after Marquis Ai praised Madam Xī (息妫). He was succeeded by his son.

</doc>
<doc id="20118630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118630" title="1950–51 Montreal Canadiens season">
1950–51 Montreal Canadiens season

The 1950–51 Montreal Canadiens season was the 42nd in franchise history. The team placed first third in the regular season to qualify for the playoffs. The Canadiens lost in Stanley Cup final against Toronto Maple Leafs 4 games to 1. The five games were decided in overtime.
Playoffs.
The Canadiens first played the Detroit Red Wings in the semi-finals. The first four games of the series was won by the visiting team. The Canadiens then won the last two to win the series four games to two to advance to the final against Toronto.
Stanley Cup Finals.
The Canadiens lost to the Toronto Maple Leafs four games to one.

</doc>
<doc id="20118636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118636" title="Aurora, Kentucky">
Aurora, Kentucky

Aurora is an unincorporated community in Marshall County, Kentucky, United States. Aurora is located near both Kentucky Lake and the Land Between the Lakes National Recreation Area. It becomes a popular tourist attraction area during the summer having several hotels, campgrounds, small restaurants, and a few surrounding stores. Aurora hosts two annual festivities: the Hot August Blues Festival and The Aurora Country Festival, the latter of which is a three-day celebration in October that consists of arts and crafts, a parade, and an antique flea market.

</doc>
<doc id="20118664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118664" title="Francis Criss">
Francis Criss

Francis Hyman Criss (1901 - 1973) was an American painter. Criss's style is associated with the American Precisionists like Charles Demuth and his friend Charles Sheeler.
Biography.
Criss was born in London and immigrated with his family at age three. He attended the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts from 1917 to 1921 on a scholarship, and later the Art Students League of New York and the Barnes Foundation, and he took private classes with Jan Matulka. In addition to doing work for the U.S. Government under the New Deal, and contributing a mural for the Williamsburg Housing Project in Brooklyn for the Federal Art Project, Criss taught at the leftist American Artists School in the 1930s. His pupils there included Ad Reinhardt. He also held teaching positions at numerous other institutions, including the Albright Museum School, Buffalo; the Art Students League; the New School for Social Research; and the School of Visual Arts. Criss was awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1934. 
The work from his best-known years, the 1930s and 1940s, is characterized by imagery of the urban environment, such as elevated subway tracks, skyscrapers, streets, and bridges. Criss rendered these subjects with a streamlined, abstracted style, devoid of human figures, that led him to be associated with the Precisionism movement. With distorted perspectives and dream-like juxtapositions, as in "Jefferson Market Courthouse" (1935), these empty cityscapes also suggest the influence of Surrealism.
A turn towards more commercial work later in his career—including a November 1942 cover for Fortune Magazine—led to a decline in his reputation.

</doc>
<doc id="20118682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118682" title="1954–55 New York Rangers season">
1954–55 New York Rangers season

The 1954–55 New York Rangers season saw the Rangers finish in fifth place in the National Hockey League with a record of 17 wins, 35 losses, and 18 ties for 52 points.
Playoffs.
The Rangers failed to qualify for the 1955 Stanley Cup playoffs.
Player stats.
†Denotes player spent time with another team before joining Rangers. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.
‡Traded mid-season. Stats reflect time with Rangers only.

</doc>
<doc id="20118686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118686" title="Port Dover Pirates">
Port Dover Pirates

The Port Dover Pirates are a minor hockey team that plays their home games at the Port Dover Arena in Port Dover, Ontario, Canada.
Summary.
Children from the Port Dover area play hockey under the tyke (for 6-year-old boys & girls), atom (boys & girls ages 9–10), peewee (boys & girls ages 11–12), and midget (boys & girls ages 15–17) divisions using the "Pirates" name collectively. There has been a violent legacy involved when playing against their peewee rivals, the Delhi Legion peewee hockey team. The Delhi coach was ejected from the game that was taking place on February 26, 2001. A couple of hotheaded Delhi fans started throwing coins and a plastic water bottle on the ice. Port Dover was winning the game by two points when a rather boisterous Delhi fan threw a broom at the ice.
Play was halted and all 200 people in attendance were cleared from the arena.

</doc>
<doc id="20118697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118697" title="1949–50 Montreal Canadiens season">
1949–50 Montreal Canadiens season

The 1949–50 Montreal Canadiens season was the 41st season in club history. The team placed second in the regular season to qualify for the playoffs. The Canadiens lost in the semi-finals against New York Rangers four games to one. 

</doc>
<doc id="20118704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118704" title="Marquis Mu of Cai">
Marquis Mu of Cai

Marquis Mu of Cai (蔡穆侯) (? - 646 BC), born Jī Xiànwǔ (姫獻舞), was the fourteenth ruler of the State of Cai from 675 BC to 646 BC. He was the only known son of Marquess Ai of Cai (蔡哀侯), his predecessor. His reign was a period of 29 years. He was succeeded by his son.

</doc>
<doc id="20118710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118710" title="Ong Ai Leng">
Ong Ai Leng

Ong Ai Leng () is a Malaysian actress based in Singapore.
Career.
Ong made her acting debut in Malaysia in 2002 before moving to Singapore. She has acted in both English and Chinese language dramas and in Singapore-Malaysia co-productions.
Personal life.
Ong collaborated with fellow MediaCorp artistes Jeff Wang and Apple Hong in opening a chain of Taiwanese street snack shops across Singapore called "Xiao Bar Wang" 小霸王 owned by Wang. She also owns several freelance businesses in Malaysia.
Ong was secondary schoolmates with Zzen Zhang and previously shared a flat with him and Zhang Zhenhuan.

</doc>
<doc id="20118712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118712" title="Living in the Moment EP">
Living in the Moment EP

Living in the Moment EP is the title of Mason Jennings's EP, released 2002 (see 2002 in music).

</doc>
<doc id="20118720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118720" title="The All Ireland Talent Show">
The All Ireland Talent Show

The All Ireland Talent Show was a Raidió Teilifís Éireann television series which was billed as Ireland's biggest-ever talent contest. It was first announced in November 2008 and the first series commenced broadcasting on 4 January 2009, completing on 15 March 2009. Modelled on "Britain's Got Talent", it is produced by Tyrone Productions. Airing on RTÉ One, it was hosted by "Daybreak" features editor and Irish media personality Gráinne Seoige.
Five judges take part and each regional judge, with the assistance of two other personalities who then disappear from the show, select five acts to be put forward to the live studio heats. In the second season this was changed to eight acts. Louis Walsh was approached to act as a judge before series one but refused to commit. On the opening night of series one, "The All Ireland Talent Show" had over 500,000 viewers, with Ireland only having a population of over 4 million people. (NB: Ireland is an island consisting of 32 counties, and the population of Ireland as a whole is estimated to be 6.2 million, the viewing figures only relate to the 26 counties of the Republic). The opening is similar to the "Got Talent" series. The twenty-five finalists in series one competed for a first prize of €50,000, which was eventually won by the Mulkerrin Brothers of the Aran Islands.
A second series was announced in August 2009. It was scheduled to avoid competition with UK talent show "The X Factor" which airs on competing channels UTV and TV3. The series was also extended with the addition of eight heats, a wildcard show and two semi-finals. There was also the addition of The All Ireland Talent Show Backstage, a companion show presented by Aidan Power and Dustin the Turkey.
A third series was announced in August 2010. The winner of the third series was Daniel Furlong from Wexford.
The series was axed in July 2011 and replaced by "The Voice of Ireland", based on the hit Dutch TV series "The Voice of Holland".
Format.
There were 5 stages to The All Ireland Talent competition:
Auditions.
The auditions took place in the North, the South, the West, the East and Dublin. Where an act auditions in front of their mentor and their selected advisors. Their mentor decided whether or not to put them through to the call-backs. At the start of the call-backs the mentor, with the help of their advisors, decides on the final 16 acts (final 10 in series 1). The advisors then leave and the mentor judges the rest of the call backs alone. The final 16 acts come back and perform again. They also give their reasons for why they should be put through to the live shows. The mentor then selects their final eight (final five in series 1) acts to put through to the live shows.
Live heats.
For the first eight (five in series 1) weeks, 5 acts performed representing each judge. After they performed each judge (except the acts mentor), gives the act a score out of ten. At the end of the show the act with the most votes got five points, and the next highest scoring act one point less. This system was applied to the televotes. The two scores were then added (in the event of a tie, the act with the more tele-votes takes higher ranking). The act who places first on the leaderboard makes it through to the semi-finals. (In season one this round was the semi-finals, so the act who placed first made it through to the final.) From the 2nd and 3rd placed acts there was a chance for one of them to become a wildcard. The three remaining judges vote on who deserves the wildcard. In season one from the wildcards picked the judges chose which one should progress through to the final,from season two this was decided in the wildcard show.
Wild card show.
All the wild cards return and perform. This time the judges have no power over the final result and this decision is in the hands of the public. The acts who place first and second advance to the semi-finals, while the other acts are eliminated.
Semi-finals.
There are two semi finals. In each semi-final 5 acts perform and the judges again have no control over the vote. The top three acts in each semi-final advance to the final while the bottom two are eliminated. This round worked the same as the live heats in season one, and was the first round of the live shows.
Final.
The six acts return and perform again. The act who comes first wins the show and the prize of €50,000. However in season 3 there was a twist. Each act performed once and the lines were frozen at the start of the results show. The three acts with the most votes performed again for the title while the three with the lowest votes were eliminated. The lines were then re-opened and the votes cast earlier carried forward. After the top three have performed again, the lines are closed and the act with the most votes is announced as the winner.
Series summary.
To date, three series have been broadcast, as summarised below.
Series 1.
During series one, Shane Lynch expressed his concern over the tactical voting of other judges, saying that he felt some of them were deciding upon their marks in what he viewed as an incorrect way. "It's going to affect me, don't get me wrong, it has affected me in fact", he told RTÉ.ie. Referring to the elimination of his dance act Raw Edge Crew, Lynch commented: "They should have done it (progressed)... and there was tactical voting involved". Bláthnaid Ní Chofaigh described herself as the "most honest" judge. Judge Dáithí also reported his dissatisfaction with his fellow judges. Judge Creedon reported his dissatisfaction with Judge Dáithí after the series.
Series 2.
A second series of "The All Ireland Talent Show" was announced on 10 August 2009. Aidan Power presented a companion show called "The All Ireland Talent Show Backstage" with Dustin the turkey which has seen Aidan end his time as co-presenter of "". Gráinne Seoige will return as presenter in her only role on the channel following the scrapping of "Seoige". The second season of "The All Ireland Talent Show" will be an extended one with more shows. Judge Creedon has warned Dáithi Ó Sé to stop stealing acts from Munster, alleging that he invaded County Clare in series one and that he would be "answerable to me and to my gang" if he continued to persist.
Series 3.
A third season was announced in August 2010. However, Boyzone singer Shane Lynch announced his departure from the show and he was replaced by Amanda Brunker, although he was Amanda's assistant judge at the Dublin auditions. The winner was Daniel Furlong, who was one of the wild cards.
Judges and presenters.
Judges.
From series 1 and 2, The All Ireland Talent Show the judges were broadcaster John Creedon(South), Boyzone member Shane Lynch(Dublin), television personality and weather forecasterDáithí Ó Sé(West), 1970 Eurovision Song Contest winner and conservative politicianDana Rosemary Scallon(North) and television presenter and Irish language enthusiastBláthnaid Ní Chofaigh(East). In Series Two Evelyn O'Rourke appeared as a replacement judge for the fourth live show after Shane Lynch's flight from London was delayed
Shane Lynch left the show for the third series.The current judges are John Creedon, Bláthnaid Ní Chofaigh, Dáithí Ó Sé, Dana Rosemary Scallon and Amanda Brunker.
Presenters and other personnel.
Gráinne Seoige is the current presenter on the show. Aidan Power and Dustin the turkey are the current presenters on The All Ireland Talent Show Backstage.
"The All Ireland Talent Show Backstage".
The All Ireland Talent Show Backstage is a companion show that airs on RTÉ Two from season two on Sunday at 7:30 after the main RTÉ One show.The show was presented by Aidan Power and Dustin. 
At the start of the show Aidan and Dustin talk to the judges about the comments/scores they gave and the comments/scores their act were given. 
A clip would be shown of Aidan and Dustin talking to the acts earlier that day before the show started. 
After the clip of the acts before performing they would talk to the acts live about their placing on the leaderboard and give them a chance to plead for votes. 
A comedy clip would follow, often of Dustin and Aidan spoofing Jedward. 
However, in the 2010-2011 season, sometimes the clip would be an interview with a "celebrity" guest: as the clip was pre-recorded the performances by the acts during the RTÉ One show would not be discussed. 
A "celebrity" guest would come live into studio and talk about the acts and the judges scores.

</doc>
<doc id="20118724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118724" title="Ji Xi">
Ji Xi

Ji Xi may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20118767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118767" title="Uncial 0146">
Uncial 0146

Uncial 0146 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 037 (Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated palaeographically to the 8th century. 
Description.
The codex contains a small part of the Gospel of Mark 10:37-45, on one parchment leaf (27 cm by 21 cm). It is written in two columns per page, 20 lines per page, in uncial letters. 
The Greek text of this codex is mixed. Aland placed it in Category III.
It is dated by the INTF to the 8th century.
The codex formerly was held in Qubbat al-Khazna in Damascus. The present location of the codex is unknown. The manuscript currently is not accessible.

</doc>
<doc id="20118777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118777" title="1946–47 Montreal Canadiens season">
1946–47 Montreal Canadiens season

The 1946–47 Montreal Canadiens season was the 38th season in club history. The team placed first in the regular season to qualify for the playoffs. The Canadiens lost in the Stanley Cup finals against the Toronto Maple Leafs four games to two. 

</doc>
<doc id="20118778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118778" title="Imperial Household Department">
Imperial Household Department

The Imperial Household Department (Chinese: Neiwufu 內務府; Manchu: "Dorgi baita be uheri kadalara yamun") was an institution of Qing-dynasty China. Its primary purpose was to manage the internal affairs of the Qing imperial family and the activities of the inner palace (in which tasks it largely replaced eunuchs), but it also played an important role in Qing relations with Tibet and Mongolia, engaged in trading activities (jade, ginseng, salt, furs, etc.), managed textile factories in the Jiangnan region, and even published books.
Origins.
The Department was established before the Qing defeated the Ming in 1644, but it became mature only after 1661, following the death of the Shunzhi emperor and the accession of his son, who reigned as the Kangxi emperor.
Personnel.
The Department was manned by "booi" (Chinese: "baoyi" 包衣), or "bondservants", who were selected from the bondservants of the upper three banners. "Booi" was sometimes synonymous with "booi aha", which literally means "household person", but "aha" usually referred to the servile people who worked in fields, whereas "booi" usually referred to household servants who performed domestic service. The "booi" who operated the Imperial Household Department can be divided into roughly four groups: (a) a small "booi" elite; b) the majority of the "booi"; c) indentured servants of the "booi"; d) the state bondservants (Manchu: "sinjeku" Chinese:辛之庫).
Divisions.
Below are some of the many bureaus that were supervised by the Chancery of the Imperial Household Department (Ch.: Zongguan neiwufu yamen 總管內務府衙門):
By the nineteenth century, the Imperial Household Department managed the activities of more than 56 subagencies.

</doc>
<doc id="20118780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118780" title="If You Need a Reason EP">
If You Need a Reason EP

If You Need a Reason EP is the title of Mason Jennings's EP, released 2006 (see 2006 in music).

</doc>
<doc id="20118811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118811" title="Longxi International Hotel">
Longxi International Hotel

The Hanging Village of Huaxi (; ) is a late-modernist-futurism supertall skyscraper in Jiangyin, China. The mixed-use tower began construction in 2008 and completed in 2011. The building rises with 74 storeys. The skyscraper includes a glass sphere at the very top. The opening of the Longxi International Hotel was on 12 October 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20118814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118814" title="Qualpopoca">
Qualpopoca

Qualpopoca (or Quetzalpopoca) was an Aztec administrator and military commander whose operations on behalf of the Aztec Emperor Moctezuma Xocoyotzin against the Spanish conquistadors at Nauhtla prompted the crisis in Aztec-Spanish relations that provided Hernán Cortés with the pretext he needed to capture Moctezuma and overthrow the Aztec state. Qualpopoca had killed and captured a number of conquistadors in a battle close to Nauhtla after a dispute about tribute, and thus was the first (and one of the very few) Aztec commanders to have any success against the Spanish. In revenge, Cortes forced the captive Moctezuma to order his arrest, return him to the Aztec capital Tenochtitlan and subsequently burn him alive in front of the Templo Mayor.
Operations in Nauhtla.
Qualpopoca first appears in the historical record when he was ordered by the Aztec Emperor Moctezuma Xocoyotzin to take control of the region surrounding the Aztec city of Nauhtla. Nauhtla was a border city of the Aztec Empire, the garrison there exerting Aztec dominion over the local population, who were largely Totonac in ethnic origin. The province had only recently been added to the Aztec Empire through conquest, and when Hernán Cortés arrived in the region (now the Mexican state of Veracruz) in 1520, one of his first acts was to overthrow Aztec dominon by seizing Aztec tribute collectors in the town of Quiahuiztlan and only returning them after a personal request from the Aztec Emperor. He then routed the Aztec garrison at the town of Tizapancingo and returned the state to the native Totonacs under their leader Tlacochcalcatl of Cempoala.
To restore the province to Aztec control, Moctezuma despatched Qualpopoca with instructions to defeat the Totonacs and their Spanish allies. Arriving in October 1519, Qualpopoca demanded that the Totonac towns pay their regular tribute to the Aztec capital, Tenochtitlan. The towns appealed to the Spanish garrisons at Villa Rica and Veracruz and Juan de Escalante, the conquistador then in command, warned Qualpopoca not to threaten the Totonacs and demanded gold as recompense. Qualpopoca took no notice and continued to organise reprisals against Totonac villages that had not paid tribute. Escalante counterattacked with an army of conquistadors and Totonac warriors and met Qualpopoca in a battle near Nauhtla.
The battle was short, the Totonac forces routing early on and Escalante forced to withdraw under heavy attack, leaving Nauthla in flames. During the retreat, Escalante was mortally wounded, five Spaniards were killed and one, Juan de Argüello, captured. As was traditional in Aztec society, Argüello and the captured Totonacs were sacrificed, the Spaniard's head being sent to Moctezuma as a trophy. Cortes later suggested in a letter, as justification for the death of Qualpopoca, that these men were not killed or captured in battle, but instead had been sent by the Spanish as emissaries and guides to Qualpopoca who had had them seized and sacrificed.
Intrigues in Tenochtitlan.
When word of the battle reached Tenochtitlan on 14 November 1519, there was consternation. Hernán Cortés and his force of 300 conquistadors and several thousand Totonac and Tlaxcalan allies had reached the city a week earlier and were living in one of the city's palaces as guests of Moctezuma. The presence of the Spanish and their traditional enemies the Tlaxcalans caused unease in the city, especially following their massacre of the population of Cholula a few weeks previously. News of the battle at Nauhtla, accompanied by the arrival of Argüello's head, caused concern among the Aztec government that it might provoke the Spanish or their allies into an attack on the city's nobility as had happened at Cholula. The head was sent away and Moctezuma agreed to a private meeting with Cortes.
Cortes arrived with 35 armed men and, after a brief preamble, informed Moctezuma that he would either join the Spanish in their accommodation as a hostage or he would be killed on the spot along with his advisors and attendants. Despite arguing and pleading with Cortes, Moctezuma eventually submitted to the Spanish and, with his principal advisors, moved to the Spanish accommodation where he became a prisoner in all but name. Although allowed to continue to rule as before, all of Moctezuma's proclamations, correspondence and movements were controlled by Cortes.
Death of Qualpopoca.
One of the first actions of the new prisoner emperor was to order the arrest of Qualpopoca, two of his sons and 15 other Aztec nobles. These men were brought to Tenochtitlan where Moctezuma gave them to Cortes. Under questioning, Qualpopoca insisted that he had been acting on his own initiative when attacking Escalante but later changed his story, possibly under torture, to claim that Moctezuma had deliberately ordered him to wage war on the Spanish. Cortes informed Moctezuma of this and told him that although he considered the Emperor guilty of ordering the attack on Escalante's men, Cortes would protect him from harm.
Cortes then brought a shackled Moctezuma out into the great plaza in front of the Templo Mayor and made him watch, along with thousands of citizens of Tenochtitlan, as Qualpopoca, his sons and the fifteen other prisoners were tied to stakes, surrounded with bundles or arrows and wooden weapons from the Aztec armouries and burnt to death. According to some accounts, the crowd watched the spectacle in total silence and when the prisoners were dead, Cortes told Moctezuma he could go free. Terrified by the anger of his subjects following this public execution of one of his most senior officers, Moctezuma refused. Over the next few months the Aztec Emperor would gradually lose the respect of his people, culminating in his death on the Noche Triste on 30 June 1520.

</doc>
<doc id="20118855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118855" title="1942–43 Montreal Canadiens season">
1942–43 Montreal Canadiens season

The 1942–43 Montreal Canadiens season was the 34th season in franchise history. The team placed fourth in the regular season to qualify for the playoffs. The Canadiens lost in the semi-finals against the Boston Bruins 4 games to 2.
Regular season.
The Montreal Canadiens were still making progress, and coach Dick Irvin put together the first "Punch Line" of Elmer Lach, Toe Blake and Joe Benoit. Benoit became the first Canadien to hit the 30 goal plateau since Howie Morenz did it in 1929–30 (40 goals) scoring an even 30. Gordie Drillon also added some scoring power. Rookie Maurice Richard showed promise, but broke his leg. The Canadiens made the playoffs by one slim point and bowed out in the playoffs' first round. Alex Smart scored three goals in his National League Debut.

</doc>
<doc id="20118858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118858" title="Ron Botran">
Ron Botran

Ron Botran is a line of rums from Guatemala distilled by the Industrias Licoreras de Guatemala, the same distillery that produces the Zacapa line of rums. The six Botran rums are Etiqueta Blanca, Anejo Oro, Anejo 8, Anejo 12, Solera 1893, and XL. Ron Botran was first manufactured in Quetzaltenango, Guatemala.
History.
The Botran family is commonly known for sugarcane production in Guatemala, but in 1939 they decided to begin a journey by establishing Industria Licorera Quetzalteca. The five brothers agreed that the ultimate place to age rum in Guatemala was Quetzaltenango. Since that day they have been involved in all the details regarding their rum production. Although the nurturing process has evolved, it all began with the nurturing process called “Sistema Solera.” This process implies the integration of young and old rums, as they mellow for years in white oak barrels. 
They are the first family that produced Guatemalan rum, nowadays they continue producing one of the world’s finest quality rums. Solera 1893 and Reserva high quality rums have won many worldwide awards for their intricacy, profundity and signature sweet flavor. 
Awards.
One of the premium rums, Botran Reserva, received a Gold Medal award at the Ministry of Rum 2010. This tasting competition took place in San Francisco on August 5-6. The medals were awarded based on the aroma, initial taste, body and finish of each rum. 

</doc>
<doc id="20118859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118859" title="Royal Crown">
Royal Crown

Royal Crown may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20118861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118861" title="Michael Brimer">
Michael Brimer

Michael Brimer (born 8 August 1933) is a pianist, organist, conductor, composer, and academic.
He was born in South Africa and studied with Eleanor Bonnar, a pupil of Leopold Godowsky. He continued studies at the University of Cape Town, the Royal College of Music, the Royal School of Church Music in London and at the University of Cambridge. He also studied in Vienna and Australia, where he now lives. He was music master at Brisbane’s Church of England Grammar School in the late 1950s. During that time, he staged Gilbert and Sullivan’s "The Mikado", the first time an out-of-copyright G&S production had been staged in Queensland. His academic career included appointments at the University of Western Australia, Monash University and the University of Natal as Foundation Professor of Music, the University of Cape Town as Dean of the Faculty of Music. and the University of Melbourne where he was for nine years the Ormond Professor of Music. He was appointed Professor Emeritus on leaving Melbourne and subsequently has been based in Sydney while performing and lecturing. 
His international solo-performing career also flourished and he has given concerts in many countries as recitalist, soloist and chamber musician. In 1962 he premiered Malcolm Williamson's Piano Concerto No. 2. He is a member of The Australian Trio, along with Donald Hazelwood (violin) and Georg Pedersen (cello). He has performed the complete series of Beethoven's 32 piano sonatas five times to great critical acclaim. In Australia, both the live broadcast and recorded series of the Beethoven and of the complete Schumann piano works have been voted the most popular series on ABC Classic FM in the ABC’s annual listener survey. Brimer claims to be the first pianist to record the complete Beethoven sonatas in Australia. The series of live recitals broadcast in 1986 were intended for commercial release on cassette tape, but due to a technical issue not all the sonatas were released. Gerard Willems is the first pianist in Australia to record the 32 sonatas on CD.
In January 2001, in a recital at the City Recital Hall in Sydney, he played Beethoven's "Hammerklavier" Sonata. The reviewer for "The Sydney Morning Herald", Harriet Cunningham, said he had some memory lapses. To rebuff this, he asked Daniel Herscovitch, lecturer in music at the Sydney Conservatorium of Music, to review the tapes of the performance broadcast by ABC Classic FM. Herscovitch found there were some finger slips, but no more than might be expected of pianists of international standing, and no memory lapses at all. The "Herald" published his findings in their apology to Brimer on 21 February.
Michael Brimer’s many performances as organist have included those at the Royal Albert Hall, Clare and King’s Colleges, Cambridge, and the Sydney and Melbourne Town Halls, as well as soloist with Australian orchestras. 
His conducting experience with orchestras in Australia and overseas has encompassed opera, choral and orchestral repertoire, from classical to contemporary works (including premiere performances). 
He and his wife Judith were among the co-founders of the Bermagui Four Winds Festival, at which some of his works have been played and he has appeared as a pianist.
Michael Brimer has composed a number of works. Both his Piano Trios were premiered with the Australian Trio, and the first (2001) has recorded.
In 1975, his book "Utopia Unlimited" was published in Cape Town.
In 2005, Professor Brimer was appointed Music Pedagogy Adviser to the Australian Music Examinations Board (NSW), and is a member of AMEB's Teaching Specialist Panel.
He was a juror for the 2006 Lev Vlassenko Piano Competition, and the 2008 Sydney International Piano Competition (SIPCA). He also assisted Warren Thomson in the Sydney auditions for the 2008 SIPCA.

</doc>
<doc id="20118869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118869" title="Battle of Groenkop">
Battle of Groenkop

In the Battle of Groenkop (Battle of Tweefontein) on 25 December 1901, Head Commandant Christiaan de Wet's Boer commando surprised and defeated a force of Imperial Yeomanry under the command of Major Williams.
Background.
By late 1901, de Wet's guerilla force based itself near the settlements of Lindley, Bethlehem and Reitz in the northeast part of the Orange Free State. On 28 November, de Wet called a "krijgsraad" (war council) of the still-active Boer leaders near Reitz. They determined to strike back at their British tormentors, who numbered 20,000 men.
As part of Lord Kitchener's strategy, the British constructed lines of blockhouses and barbed wire across the veld. The blockhouse lines were designed to restrict the movements of the Boer guerillas so they could be trapped by British mobile columns. One line of blockhouses reached from Harrismith to the Tradoux farm, east of Bethlehem. To protect the construction, Major General Sir Leslie Rundle deployed four dispersed forces. Rundle with 330 men and one gun guarded the wagon road; the end of the blockhouse line was held by 150 infantry; a 400-man regiment of the Imperial Light Horse lay to the east at Elands River Bridge; Major Williams with 550 men, mostly of the 11th Battalion, Imperial Yeomanry, a 15-pounder gun and a pom-pom held the high Groenkop.
Battle.
De Wet carefully scouted the Groenkop position for three days. He noted that the British posted their sentries atop the sheer west side of the kop, instead of at the bottom where they could give timely warning of an attack. The Boer leader determined to scale the west side using the trace of a gully.
At 2:00 am on Christmas morning, de Wet's commando clambered up the steep slope in single file with their boots removed so as to minimise any noise. The surprise was nearly total. Challenged by a single sentry when they were over halfway to the top with a few scattered shots, the Boers, who were ordered into battle by de Wet shouting "Stormt Burgers" swarmed up and over the crest. They began firing downhill into the British tents, inflicting a "massacre." Savage fighting lasted about 40 minutes before the British gave up.
Aftermath.
The next morning, one of the 206 British prisoners of the Boers noted that his foes were so short of clothing that some wore women's attire. The 250 unwounded British prisoners of war were stripped literally naked before they were turned loose the next day. Kitchener wrote, "It is very sad and depressing that the boers are able to strike such blows, but I fear ... we shall always be liable to something of the sort from the unchecked rush of desperate men at night."
By 5 February 1902, Kitchener's blockhouse lines were completed and he sent 9,000 men on a massive sweep through the countryside. In this first operation, 285 Boers were captured but de Wet and President Marthinus Steyn and their men escaped the trap. The second drive lasted from 16 February to 28. Again, de Wet got away, but this time he had to abandon most of his cattle. On 27 February, Colonel Henry Rawlinson's column encircled and captured a 650-man Boer commando at Lang Reit, a few miles from Tweefontein. This brought the British "bag" in the successful sweep to 778 surrendered Boers. The third drive by Major Elliott's division, from 4 March to 11 March, was a failure, with only about 100 Boers captured. Worse, de Wet escaped to join Fighting General Koos de la Rey in the Western Transvaal.

</doc>
<doc id="20118877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118877" title="Richard Blanton">
Richard Blanton

Richard E. Blanton (born 1943) is an American anthropologist, archaeologist, and academic. He is most renowned for his archaeological field and theoretical research into the development of civilizations in pre-Columbian Mesoamerica, particularly those from the central Mexican "plateau" and Valley of Oaxaca regions. Blanton taught at Rice University and Hunter College of the City University of New York before joining the faculty at Purdue University in 1976. He is currently () Professor of Anthropology at Purdue's College of Liberal Arts.
Blanton helped to develop full coverage survey methods, which he and colleagues applied to the Valley of Oaxaca to help understand the evolution of the Monte Alban state. The particular method developed by Blanton and his students influenced a generation of archaeologists and are still widely used today.
Due to his interest in regional survey, Blanton helped to introduce methods of spatial analysis into archaeology. In particular he took an application of graph theory used by architects evaluate movement through buildings and developed it into a method for analyzing prehistoric houses and communities. He was able to demonstrate that variation in the layout of houses and communities was associated with wealth differences. In addition, Blanton's method was used to develop a measure of prehistoric warfare frequency that has proven useful in a number of settings.
Blanton was an early proponent of world-systems theory, and actively applied it to the evolution of Mesoamerican polities. Although this work was criticized at the time, it was further developed an employed by many scholars 
Blanton also helped to develop dual processual theory, Dual-processual theory posits that political leaders employ one of two basic processes to build and maintain power. Using the first, called a “network” strategy, political leaders use ties to other polities, supernatural powers, or sources of esoteric knowledge and goods to build power, and maintain it by excluding others from access to those sources of power. Using the second, called a “corporate” strategy, political leaders use the bonds of kinship and social groups to build power, sharing access to those groups broadly, but positioning him or herself as the “first among equals.” These are not intended to be seen as exclusive categories, but rather as ends of a continuum of political strategy. Dual-processual theory has had significant impact on archaeological thought.

</doc>
<doc id="20118890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118890" title="Alexander Logan">
Alexander Logan

Alexander Logan (5 November 1841 – 23 June 1894) was a Canadian politician, serving as the fourth Mayor of Winnipeg on three occasions, first from 1879 to 1882 then in 1882 and finally in 1884. Prior to this, he served as a city alderman between 1874 and 1878.
Logan's major work as mayor was to create incentives for the federal government to build the Canadian Pacific Railway route through Winnipeg. Charles Tupper, then the Canadian minister of public works, originally intended to locate the railway away from the city, but relented when Logan led a series of city measures to provide the railway with exemption from taxation, land donation for the passenger terminal. Logan also presided over a council decision to offer funding for a bridge across the Red River which resulted in the construction of the Louise Bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="20118916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118916" title="Panaikulam">
Panaikulam

Panaikulam or Panaikkulam is a village located in the eastern part of Ramanathapuram district, Tamil Nadu, India. The inhabitants of this village are primarily Tamil Muslims.
History.
The history of Panaikulam is known for the past 200 years only. Before that, there seems to be no recorded history. From the oral information collected from the old people and with the help of a will document written by one of the descendent in the family of first migrants, it is known that Tamil speaking Muslims migrated from adjacent parts of Ramanathapuram (e.g. Kothakottai, Udaichiyarvalasai) to a place with pond and lot of palm trees. They named it as Panai (meaning the palm tree) kulam (meaning the pond). This pond (now called as pugaloorani) served as the water source for the people and their cattle. Slowly the migrated population moved towards the inner parts of the village and established a mosque (now called as Jumma Mosque) for praying.
The migrations continued from the adjacent villages of Ramanathapuram and Panaikulam became a Muslim village. Some of the migrants used handlooms to weave the cloths and made business out of it. After some time, the mosque was built up using natural stones. It is indeed a very rare architectural beauty. During the nineteenth century, opportunities present in Malaya (now called as Malaysia) attracted Panaikulam people and many of them went to Malaya to earn money. They mostly settled in Penang in business like money exchangers and restaurant workers.
Language.
The primary language spoken by the people of Panaikulam is Tamil. Even though the accent is similar to that of the Tamil spoken in rest of Tamil Nadu, it has unique words probably borrowed from Arabic, Malay and Urdu. Certain peculiar words like nadayam (for slipper) and aanam (for curry) are used.
Food and cuisine.
The food habits practised by the Panaikulam people have similarities with Srilankan Tamil Muslim cuisine and Malay cuisine. For example the foods like vatlappam, Idiyappam are probably from Sri Lanka.

</doc>
<doc id="20118920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118920" title="1941–42 Montreal Canadiens season">
1941–42 Montreal Canadiens season

The 1941–42 Montreal Canadiens season was the 33rd season in franchise history. The team placed sixth in the regular season to qualify for the playoffs. The Canadiens lost in the quarter-finals against the Detroit Red Wings 2 games to 1.
Playoffs.
They went against Detroit in the first round in a best of three series and lost in 3 games, or 1-2.

</doc>
<doc id="20118936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118936" title="Cato Reef">
Cato Reef

Cato Reef, a part of the Cato Bank, is an area in the Coral Sea off the northeastern coast of Queensland, Australia that is of approximately 21 km by 13 km of this 200 km² area, where depth of water is typically less than 17 m. Upon Cato Bank Cato Reef encircles an area of 3.3 km by 1.8 km, area 5 km² including a small shallow lagoon which contains Cato Island, a low-relief cay in the west that is approximately 650 by 300 m, area 15 hectares, 6 m high. Close to the southeast corner of Cato Bank is Hutchison Rock, with 1 m depth over it.
General.
Cato Island , is a small oval-shaped island lying approximately 375 km east of Gladstone, Queensland and about 270 km east-southeast of the southern end of the Great Barrier Reef. This island is approximately 115 km south of Bird Islet, part of the east end of Wreck Reefs
The island is a mound of coral debris and grit 5.8m high covered in grass and creepers up to 1m high . An automatic weather station, with two radio masts and a silver-painted hut, stands on the north-east end of the island. The island is almost entirely surrounded by reefs: there are three narrow boat passages through the reefs on the northern side. The best entrance is the center one, located 350 meters north of the eastern end of Cato Island; it has a conspicuous rock at half tide on its Eastern side
The island lies on the western end of an oval-shaped reef enclosing a lagoon. The lagoon contains numerous coral heads. The sea breaks over the reef in all weathers. The reef lies on Cato Bank, which falls away steeply on all sides.
Hutchison Rock , with a depth of 5.5m, lies 3.5 km East of Cato Reef.
Danger Patch lies near the outer end of the Eastern ledge of Cato Bank. A tidal race is found between the Eastern end of Cato Reef and Danger Patch.
History.
Early reports.
Cato Island, and then Bird Islet, were found by Captain John Park in the Indiaman "Cato (ship)" and Lt. Robert Fowler in "HMS Porpoise (1799)" on 17 August 1803. The latter ran aground on Wreck Reef. Matthew Flinders (1814) on the Porpoise reports that all the cays held many birds, laying in the period August–October
Cato Reef continued to present a hazard to shipping plying between Australia and Canton (modern day Guangzhou) or India (where cargo was collected on the way home from Australia to Europe). In due course the southern reefs were surveyed by Captain H. M. Denham (ms, 1860) in the "HMS Herald" in 1858–60 
The area was also visited by increasing numbers of whalers during the off season in New Zealand, in search of the many wintering Humpback Whales and fewer Sperm Whales in the middle of the 19th century. Denham reported that in July 1863 the islets only had two or three plants, including a bush 3–4 m high, and were frequented by sea turtles weighing 60–100 kg 
On 12 October 1858 Denham reported that Cato Island was more substantial than other cays in the area, measuring ⅓ by 1/6 miles, rising to 19 ft, and covered in coarse tufted grass,"Rottboilla"; a creeping plant, "Nyctagin portulaca"; and a sort of buttercup "Senebiera crucifera", undermined and fertilised by burrowing mutton birds, the only species that the sailors wished to eat. There were dense colonies of gannets, man-of-war birds and boatswain birds, terns and noddies, with eggs and chicks, and he shot a godwit and a brace of plovers. There were records of repeated visits by whalers but now only one Humpback was reported offshore. Rayner also recorded a "Limosa", "Charadrius", "Strepsilas interpres", and a land rail. When they returned with plants from the Percy Isles and seeds from Sydney to provide succour for castaways in August 1859, Denham again reported that the birds formed a cloud hovering 60 feet above the island, though “a few visits like ours would tend to check the accumulation in proportion to each boat bringing off upwards of 100 dozen eggs at a three hours gleaning!
Capital of the Gay And Lesbian Kingdom of the Coral Sea Islands.
Cato Island is the purported capital of the Gay and Lesbian Kingdom of the Coral Sea Islands, an unrecognised micronation founded to protest Australia's disregard of same-sex marriages.
Guano mining.
On 27 October 1862, the British government granted an exclusive concession to exploit the guano on Lady Elliot Island, Wreck Reefs, Swain Reefs, Raine Island, Bramble Cay, Brampton Shoal, and Pilgrim Island to the Anglo-Australian Guano Company organised by the whaler, Dr. W.L. Crowther in Hobart, Tasmania. They were apparently most active on Bird Islet (Wreck Reefs) and Lady Elliot and Raine Islands, losing five ships at Bird Islet between 186l and 1882.
The "Daily Southern Cross", 19 September 1863, reported on page 2 that the following memorandum, enclosed in a bottle, was picked up by Captain Harris, of the "Caroline", which arrived in Hobson's Bay during Wednesday night, with a cargo of guano from Cato Island, and was found on the Cato Bank:- "25 June 1863 – "Prince Edward", of Auckland, Geo. Cook, master, 7 weeks from Bay of Islands, 80 sperm, 6 of blackfish. All well. – "Argus,"26 August.
Known shipwrecks on Cato Reef.
Dockenhuden.
"Dockenhuden" 3 August 1853. Cato Reef Ship German ship, from Melbourne to Bombay, missed stays when off Cato Reef and having no room to wear, struck the reef and became a total wreck. The crew spent 15 days repairing the ship's boats before leaving for Moreton Bay, which was reached on 27 August.
Thomas King.
"Thomas King" A Barque of 346 tons. Built for the West Indian sugar run, then taken to Australia for the gold rush. Captain J.H. Walker. With a crew shanghaied with the help of local police, because the original crew from England had deserted for the gold fields, left Sydney on 4 April 1852 for the Philippines and China with a cargo of sugar and spirits. wrecked on a reef east of Cato Reef, Queensland, 17 April 1852. The Barque Struck reef and became total wreck. Some of her boats were washed away. A boat set out for the mainland to seek help, leaving survivors on the reef. After 14 days they were rescued by the whaler "Lady Blackwood". The other boat eventually made Double Island Bay, but when the occupants set out overland for Moreton Bay they were tracked down and killed by aborigines all but the captain and one seaman were killed. When lost, "THOMAS KING" carried 3,500 Pounds worth of specie, and 8,000 Pounds worth of gold dust
At the time of sailing it was reported that the gold aboard the Thomas King, consisted of
212 ounces owned by L. and S. Spyer. 
220 ounces 8 penny weights 12 grains owned A. and M. Moses. 
Giving a total total of 432 ounces 8 penny weights 12 grains or 13.45 kg of Gold

</doc>
<doc id="20118944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118944" title="Simple as That/Over the Rainbow">
Simple as That/Over the Rainbow

"Simple As That/Over the Rainbow" is the second single by melody. under the Toy's Factory label released June 18, 2003. The single stayed on the Oricon for 5 weeks and peaked at number 19. To date, the single has sold 14,608 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="20118981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118981" title="1940–41 Montreal Canadiens season">
1940–41 Montreal Canadiens season

The 1940–41 Montreal Canadiens season was the 32nd season in club history. The team placed sixth in the regular season to qualify for the playoffs. The Canadiens lost in the quarter-finals against Chicago Black Hawks 2 games to 1.
Playoffs.
They went against the Black Hawks in a best of three series in the first round and lost in 3 games, or 1-2.

</doc>
<doc id="20118984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20118984" title="Béatrice Bonifassi">
Béatrice Bonifassi

Béatrice "Betty" Bonifassi (born 1971) is a French-born vocalist based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. She has a deep, contralto singing voice, sometimes referred to as "masculine", which has been compared to that of Shirley Bassey. Bonifassi has performed music of many styles in both English and French—from jazz, to traditional music, to blues, to electronica. In 2003 she gained international exposure when she provided the singing voices for the title characters of the animated film "Les Triplettes de Belleville". She has collaborated with composer and saxophonist, François D'Amours and has performed and toured with musician Maxime Morin (also known as DJ Champion). Bonifassi appeared as a guest vocalist on Deweare's album "High Class Trauma" (2006), and she is one half of the electronic music duo Beast.
Personal life.
Bonifassi was born in Nice, France to a Yugoslavian mother and a father of Niçois-Italian descent. Raised in a bilingual household, and having studied foreign languages at University, she became interested in other cultures and their traditional music. She has been singing and writing music for two decades.
In 1997, Bonifassi met her now ex-husband, Québécois composer Benoît Charest, while singing Jimi Hendrix covers at a Montreal jazz club. Later that year she moved from France to Montreal to join Charest, and has lived in the Canadian city ever since.
Work with DJ Champion.
In the late 1990s, Benoît Charest and Montreal DJ and musician Maxime Morin became co-owners of Ben & Max Studios – a company specializing in jingles and soundtracks. In 2001 Morin sold his share in the company back to Charest in order to continue his own musical career under the pseudonym DJ Champion, however he remained in contact with Bonifassi and Charest: Morin performed bass and percussion on the song "Belleville Rendez-vous", from the 2003 animated film, "Les Triplettes de Belleville" and he also performed this song live with Bonifassi and Charest at the 76th Academy Awards ceremony—Morin played percussion on a bicycle during the performance.
In 2004 Bonifassi collaborated with Morin once again (performing as "DJ Champion") on his 2004 debut album, "Chill'em All". The album included the hit single "No Heaven" which is a soulful and bluesy song set against heavy dance beats and noisy guitar riffs. Inspired by "Negro Songs of Protest", Bonifassi sings a plaintive tune reminiscent of the work songs sung by the chain-gangs of the American South in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
"I heard Betty singing those blues songs, and she was the girl for that job," said Morin.
With the success of "Chill'em All", Bonifassi toured for over two years with "Champion & His G-Strings". In 2008 the pair recorded a version of 1957 Screamin' Jay Hawkins hit "I Put a Spell on You" to be used as the theme song of the Québécois film "Truffe".
"Les Triplettes de Belleville".
Bonifassi and Charest collaborated on the soundtrack for the animated film "Les Triplettes de Belleville"; the film's main song, "Belleville Rendez-vous", was nominated for an Oscar in 2004 and the pair performed the song, along with Maxime Morin, at the 76th Academy Awards ceremony.
Bonifassi stated in a 2004 interview that the experience of performing at the Oscars was ""magnifique!""
"It was a magic moment that I shared with my husband; I thought it was brilliant!"
Her work on the Oscar-nominated film "opened doors" for her. After the buzz following her Oscars performance, she got many offers from large record companies in North America and abroad, to record jingles and an album in the same Django/chanson réaliste style; Bonifassi turned down the offers for fear of being pigeonholed, but has stated that she does not discount recording in this style in the future.
Beast.
Bonifassi joined forces with percussionist, record producer, and fellow French expat, Jean-Philippe Goncalves, to form the band Beast. The band released their first album in Nov 2008. 
Beast's sound has been compared with trip-hop, only with a bit more aggression. Bonifassi's vocal stylings also lean more towards rap and spoken-word. Bonifassi is the main songwriter and the music is composed and produced by Goncalves. Canadian singer-songwriter Simon Wilcox also assisted Bonifassi (whose native tongue is French) with Beast's lyrics, which are all performed in English.
"Simon really understood my dark side and the sadness of the moment," says Bonifassi. "I really wanted to sing something lyrically rich and powerful."
Goncalves has also stated that the name Beast suits their project very well: "Betty is a real beast," he jokes, "a ."
Beast's debut album was made available on iTunes as of Nov 4, 2008; its official commercial release was Nov 18, 2008.
At the end of 2010 Bonifassi and Goncalves announced that they would be taking an indefinite break from the Beast project. Although when asked in a June 2011 interview for "Voir" whether her break from Beast was a final one Bonifassi replied: ""Disons que le retour de Beast n’est pas dans mes plans actuels"" ("Let's say the return of Beast is not my current plans.")
Goncalves stated in an interview that the split was not due to any sort of quarrel between himself and Bonifassi. Citing lagging album sales, frustration with the record industry, the tiresome effects of touring, and familial commitments (Bonifassi's son was 9 years old at the time of the split), the band-mates said they would be working separately on their own local projects.
Solo work.
During an interview with Danielle Leblanc of Radio-Canada in 2004, she discussed an album she was working on with the composer Francois D'Amour. She described the album as being very "multi-ethnic, with lots of electronic machines" and that she was hoping to find a major record label for its release. On Sep 24 of that same year, she performed some of these songs during a live solo performance at Montreal's Cabaret Music Hall. Bonifassi has not released a solo album to date.
After Bonifassi and Goncalves announced that they would be taking an indefinite hiatus from the Beast project in late 2010, Bonifassi began to focus on solo projects including a performance at the "Festival Montréal en lumière" on Feb 24, 2011—making it her first solo performance since her break with Beast. Her performance included renditions of songs by Édith Piaf and Berthe Sylva, as well as a song by the Franco-Monégasque composer Léo Ferré. 
Bonifassi is slated to perform at the 2011 "FrancoFolies" festival festival held in Montreal, first as part of a performance dedicated to Serge Gainsbourg on Jun 15, then in her own solo performances on the 17th and 18th. She also held two performances at the 2011 Les FrancoFolies de Montréal music festival on June 17 and 18.

</doc>
<doc id="20119002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119002" title="Joshua Son of None">
Joshua Son of None

Joshua Son of None is a 1973 political thriller by Nancy Freedman.
Plot.
Dr. Thor Bitterbaum is in Dallas in November 1963 when the mortally wounded President of the United States (strongly implied to be, but never named as, John F. Kennedy) is brought to the hospital at which he works. Bitterbaum, recalling recent research in cloning, saves some of the President's tissue. He arranges for its cloning and the implantation of an embryo into a surrogate mother, and the adoption of the infant by a wealthy businessman, Gerald K. Kellogg. Bitterbaum and Kellogg arrange for the child, Joshua Francis Kellogg, to have formative experiences similar to those of the late President so that he will develop a similar character and perhaps, in time, rise to leadership of the country. Eventually the clone learns of his origins and, after considerable soul-searching, decides to pursue his destiny.
The plot is similar to, but obviously more benign than, Ira Levin's "The Boys from Brazil," published three years later.

</doc>
<doc id="20119009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119009" title="Annassery">
Annassery

Annassery is a village in the state of Kerala in India. The name derives from 'Anna'(Rice), the land of rice. It is located at Kozhikode district and it is about 14 km from Kozhikode and is part of Thalakulathur GramaPanchayat.

</doc>
<doc id="20119024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119024" title="Kaba-class destroyer">
Kaba-class destroyer

The were a class of ten destroyers of the Imperial Japanese Navy. Each was named after a variety of tree.
Background.
At the outbreak of World War I, the Imperial Japanese Navy had a total of two modern destroyers capable of overseas deployment: the and . It was clear that this force would not enable Japan to fulfill its obligations under the Anglo-Japanese Alliance, so the Japanese government pushed through an Emergency Naval Expansion Budget in fiscal 1914 to allow for the construction of ten new destroyers. As speed was of the essence, the orders were given to both government and civilian shipyards (as was the case with the construction of the Russo-Japanese War vintage "Kamikaze"-class). 
Twelve more vessels were built by the same shipyards in Japan per an order from the French Navy, where they were designated the Tribal class (or "Arabe" class) named , , , , , , , , , , , and , they were the most advanced destroyers in the French inventory in World War I 
Design.
The ten "Kaba"-class vessels were built simultaneously at eight different shipyards around Japan. As there was no time to design a new vessel, plans for the previous "Sakura"-class destroyers were distributed to each shipyard, with the instructions that the power plant was to be a conventional coal-fired triple expansion steam engine, and not a steam turbine.
Armament was the same as that of the "Sakura" class, with one QF 4.7 inch Gun Mk I - IV, mounted on the deck forward of the bridge, and four 3 inch 12 pounder guns, mounted one on either side and two towards the stern of the ship, with two torpedo launchers.
Operational history.
Given the speed of construction and the fact that eight different shipyards were used, it is a tribute to the Japanese shipbuilders that all ten vessels produced were uniform in appearance and capabilities, and performed reliably in their overseas deployment to the Indian Ocean and the Mediterranean Sea in combat operations in World War I. This deployment began with Rear Admiral Kozo Sato arrived in Malta in mid-April 1917, with the cruiser as his flagship and eight Kaba-class destroyers. The Japanese fleet was nominally independent, but carried out operations under the direction of the Royal Navy command on Malta, primarily in escort operations for transport and troopship convoys and in anti-submarine warfare operations. "Sakaki" was damaged by the Austro-Hungarian Navy U-boat "U-27" on 11 June 1917 off of Crete with the loss of 68 of her 92 crewmen. She was salvaged and repaired.
All ten vessels survived the war, and were retired on April 1, 1932.

</doc>
<doc id="20119025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119025" title="Plaza de Toros Monumental de Aguascalientes">
Plaza de Toros Monumental de Aguascalientes

Plaza de Toros Monumental de Aguascalientes is a bullring in the city of Aguascalientes, Mexico. It is currently used for bull fighting and concerts. The stadium holds 16,000 people and it was inaugurated on November 23, 1974. Its currently the 4th largest bullring in Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="20119027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119027" title="1992 All-Pro Team">
1992 All-Pro Team

The 1992 All-Pro Team is composed of the National Football League players that were named to the Associated Press, Newspaper Enterprise Association, Pro Football Writers Association, and The Sporting News All-Pro Teams in 1992. Both first and second teams are listed for the AP and NEA teams. These are the four teams that are included in "Total Football II: The Official Encyclopedia of the National Football League". In 1992 the Pro Football Writers Association and Pro Football Weekly combined their All-pro teams, a practice with continues through 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20119062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119062" title="Class Act (Irish TV series)">
Class Act (Irish TV series)

Class Act is an Irish talent show which last aired on RTÉ One on Sundays at 18:30 throughout September and October 2008. It was presented by Derek Mooney. The show involved a search for young people with special talents whose efforts are then judged on television.
In 2009, due to RTÉ cutbacks, the programme was axed.
2007 series.
The 2007 series was presented by Aidan Power and Síle Seoige. It was broadcast on Sundays at 18:30, beginning on 16 September. The three judges of in this series were Cora Venus Lunny, Tony Lundon and Adele King (Twink). The winners of this series were Cathal and Fergal Keaney, from Galway.
2008 series.
Out of 10,000 entries, the winner was singer and guitarist, Hugh O'Neill from County Sligo, who won €10,000 after playing a self-composed ditty. He beat Joe Dolan impersonator John Fagan from County Dublin into second place. The six finalists performed live on television from Dublin's Tivoli Theatre on 12 October 2008. They faced a public vote for the first time, having previously been picked on by three judges including Caroline Morahan. The three judges were Caroline Morahan, Doctor Veronica Dunne and Julian Benson.
Broadcasting schedule.
There were a total of six episodes, broadcast over a six-week period in September and October 2008.
Contestants.
Six contestants competed for two places in the live final in each of episodes three, four and five. The Randomers, Megan Burke, Showgirls and Franz Lawlor exited in episode three. Hugh O'Neill and John Fagan progressed to the live final. Gary Sheridan, Adam Bouktila, Niamh Regan and Moneeka Mukerjee exited in episode four. L'Agnello and Elementz progressed to the live final. Ciara Lyons, Michael Costello, Damien McCarthy and Celtic Roses exited in episode five. Sarah Gannon and Double Trouble progressed to the live final.
Episode six was the live final. The six finalists competed for €10,000. Double Trouble, L'Agnello, Sarah Gannon, John Fagan and Elementz failed. Hugh O'Neill won.

</doc>
<doc id="20119063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119063" title="5-APDB">
5-APDB

5-(2-Aminopropyl)-2,3-dihydrobenzofuran (5-APDB, 3-Desoxy-MDA, EMA-4) is a putative entactogen drug of the phenethylamine and amphetamine classes. It is an analogue of MDA where the heterocyclic 3-position oxygen from the 3,4-methylenedioxy ring has been replaced by a methylene bridge. 6-APDB is an analogue of 5-APDB where the 4-position oxygen has been replaced by a methylene bridge instead. 5-APDB was developed by a team led by David E. Nichols at Purdue University as part of their research into non-neurotoxic analogues of MDMA.
In animal studies, 5-APDB's effects generalize most closely to non-stimulant MDMA analogues such as MBDB and MMAI, while producing no substitution for LSD or amphetamine. "In vitro" studies show that 5-APDB acts as a highly selective serotonin releasing agent (SSRA), with IC50 values of 130 nM, 7,089 nM, and 3,238 nM for inhibiting the reuptake of serotonin, dopamine, and norepinephrine, respectively. In contrast, 6-APDB is more balanced on the three monoamine neurotransmitters and acts more similarly to MDA and MDMA. Anecdotal reports from human users suggest that 5-APDB produces mild empathy but with relatively little euphoria and is accompanied by sedation.
Methoxy-substituted analogues of 5-APDB and 6-APDB have also been made and substituted for DOM in animal tests, although they were around 10x less potent than DOM.
On June 10th 2013 5-APDB and a number of analogues were classified as Temporary Class Drugs in the UK following an ACMD recommendation. This means that sale and import of the named substances are criminal offences and are treated as for class B drugs.
5-apdb has been used to stop bad comedown effects, panic attacks and withdrawals from methamphetamine, ice, a-pvp and mdpv producing a calmative sedative effect. Future use in treating patient with amphetamine problems in hospital emergency situations looks promising.
Caution: when this compound (5-apdb) is mixed with hallucinogenic chemicals bad reactions including overdose may occur even at low doses.

</doc>
<doc id="20119074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119074" title="1939–40 Montreal Canadiens season">
1939–40 Montreal Canadiens season

The 1939–40 Montreal Canadiens season was the 31st season in franchise history. The team placed seventh in the regular season and did not qualify for the playoffs for the first time since the 1935-36 season. The Canadiens would not finish a season in last place for another fifty-nine years.
Playoffs.
They didn't qualify for the playoffs

</doc>
<doc id="20119087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119087" title="Journey to the Center of the Earth (2008 TV film)">
Journey to the Center of the Earth (2008 TV film)

Journey to the Center of the Earth is a 2008 television film shot on location in and around Vancouver in the summer of 2007. It is very loosely based on the novel by Jules Verne. 
It was shot in HD and first aired on February 4, 2008. It has since been released on DVD. Victoria Pratt and Peter Fonda's characters were added from the original story.
Plot.
Heiress Martha Dennison (Victoria Pratt) seeks out professor Jonathan Brock (Rick Schroder) to help find her husband, Edward, who disappeared four years earlier on an expedition towards the center of the Earth. At first Jonathan is hesitant to go despite Martha's offer to handsomely pay him, giving him the opportunity to pay off the debts left to him by his recently deceased father, while his nephew and aspiring journalist Abel is excited for the opportunity to get real life journalistic experience. After reviewing Edward's notes Jonathan is persuaded to go along. The two of them, along with Abel, go to the newly acquired Alaskan territory to gather information about Edward and his expedition and find a Russian guide, Sergei, to aide their search of her husband. They struggle to cover a large amount of ground in only 10 days based upon information recovered from a crudely drawn map. They find and enter a mine shaft in a volcano, venturing deep into the center of the earth. Along the way small signs are found of the previous expedition along with the skeleton of Mikael, a friend like a brother to Sergei, and see it as an ominous sign of what's ahead. Abel constantly lags behind taking notes and pictures of the journey and discovers a passage to a strange new land.
They come out into a world that, at first, seems much like the surface except that it never gets dark despite there being no sun with a lush forest land and a large lake-like sea. Soon they encounter many prehistoric creatures and the adventure really begins. While Martha takes a bath and short swim she is attacked by some sort of creature in the sea, at the same time Jonathan and Sergei find some logs that were clearly cut down by a person using an Axe to make a raft to cross the sea. They use the left over logs and their supply of rope to make a raft of their own and notice several dinosaur-like birds flying above their heads in a vulture like fashion. As some of the birds move into attack they notice another large dinosaur in the water heading for their raft. Jonathan suggests shooting the birds to distract and feed the much larger and more lethal dinosaur in the water.
They then discuss the nature of the creatures that they encountered noting that they seem to have come from different eras of development and may have escaped to this region to survive Ice Ages and other dinosaur-killing phenomenons. They then find another damaged raft, believed to be Edward's, and decide to make camp. While Abel goes exploring alone, Sergei reveals to Jonathan that he did not go along with Edward when he first came to Alaska because he did not trust him and blames himself for not stopping Mikael from joining the expedition that lead to his death. Abel encounters two native women in the forest and he gathers the rest to follow a trail that may lead them to more answers.
While crossing a rather well-made bridge a group of hostile natives surrounds them and brings them to their village to meet their leader which is Edward himself, who acts rather coldly towards them and forces them bow and give up their weapons as a native custom. Edward elaborates the nature of his conditions, that the villagers believe him to be some kind of a god who has brought them prosperity and safety by sharing his wisdom which are actually ideas of indigenous survival he got from studying other civilizations. In a private discussion with him Martha admits that she is was expecting him to be more happy to see him, he then admits that he had never expected her to come for him and intends to stay there where he has power and influence compared to the world above where he found her power threatening. Edward makes a pass at Martha and she rebuffs him and he goes to the village priestess whom he regards as a new wife. While they are talking a group of natives encounters another and they join forces and free some prisoners. When Edwards leaves his tent and finds these people he begins to shoot at them and kills one young man in front of all the others claiming that he is a traitor. Martha slaps him causing him to bleed planting seeds of doubt that he is a god, he then explains that their leader (who escaped with help from Jonathan) has doubted Edward from the start and started a resistance to his rule and that the presence of group has undercut Edward's power and that the resistance must be destroyed. Martha explains that Edward has always been this way and that his arrogance is what attracted her to him in the first place.
Edward then loses the power and influence of the tribe as he has been revealed to be a false god and all of the villagers leave him. He then leaves all of his village gear behind and states that they must now leave and that their raft has been destroyed so they must take an ancient passage while the resistance is hot on their trail to stop them. The resistance advances upon them Edward holds out a single piece of Dynamite to ward of their attacks and when they reach the cave he lights the dynamite with the hope that it will seal the entrance to the cave that leads to the surface. When it fails to ignite, Edward leaves the cave and shoots the dynamite sealing the rest of the group in, and him out with the violent resistance. The team then struggles through water filled passages that lead them up through to the lake on the surface, where they originally found the entrance to the cave.
On the surface they make a small memorial for Edward, who is presumed dead, and decide not to tell the secret of the world below, and to continue their adventures to the East Indies with Martha and Jonathan (most unpredictably) as an item. Abel then writes at the end of his diary that everything he has written and drawn about is only a figment of his imagination as to discredit their discoveries.

</doc>
<doc id="20119125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119125" title="Philip V. Holberton">
Philip V. Holberton

Philip V. Holberton (born 1942) is an American business executive, entrepreneur and professor of Leadership at Brandeis University. He has been a cofounder of two biotech firms in the Greater Boston area.
Career.
Holberton is retired President and CEO of Differential Proteomics, Inc. (Beverly, Massachusetts), a proteomics company developing a transformative technique for identifying proteins. Holberton has more than two decades of experience in executive management, with a focus on financial, strategic planning, business development, operations, leadership development, and executive coaching for senior executives. He has advised numerous startups in the Boston area.
In addition to his entrepreneurial work, Holberton teaches for Brandeis University's Masters in Information Technology Management Program and has an appointment at Babson College. Holberton has been a guest columnist for "Boston Business Journal"," Mass High Technology", and "IndUS Business Journal". His consulting firm, the Holberton Group, publishes a periodic online bulletin, Speaking of Leadership. 
Holberton's background includes executive positions with Cambridge NeuroScience, General Cinema Theatres, Genome Therapeutics, and Becton Dickinson & Company. He has served as an executive coach for senior management teams at a wide variety of companies, and enabled working groups, committees and project teams to achieve maximum performance.
Holberton is a past president of the Financial Executives Institute's Boston Chapter of 1,000 financial officers, and vice chairman of the MIT Enterprise Forum of Cambridge.
Personal life.
Holberton is the son of Robert Maynard Holberton and Charlotte Stone Holberton and nephew of Betty Holberton. He lives in Wolfeboro, New Hampshire with his wife Anne Blodget. Holberton has three children, Matthew (Matt), Alexandra (Lexi) and Philip, Jr (Tod). Phil and Anne are also the grandparents of Alexander, Elizabeth (Liza), William (Trip), Benjamin & Phoebe.
The members of the Holberton family living in the United States of America are of relatively recent English descent. Philip's father, Robert Maynard Holberton (1908-1994) was the son of Robert Francis Holberton, who was born at Teddington in London in 1873 and left England to settle in Virginia circa 1899; he died there in 1937. Robert's younger brother Richard Bartle Holberton (1876-1972) and sister Janet (1881-1975; Mrs Herbert Marshall) also settled in Virginia. Their father was Edmund Robert Holberton (1843-1886), a merchant, whose mother was born Fanny Hughes Twining in London in 1810. Fanny, who married Thomas Henry Holberton, a doctor, was a member of the well-known family of tea merchants, Twinings of the Strand in London. A full account of the family is given in "The Longcrofts: 500 Years of a British Family" by James Phillips-Evans (pub. 2012, Amazon UK), by virtue of the fact that Fanny's mother, Elizabeth Mary Twining nee Smythies, was the daughter of the Rev. John Smythies of Colchester in Essex and his wife, Elizabeth Longcroft.

</doc>
<doc id="20119126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119126" title="1938–39 Montreal Canadiens season">
1938–39 Montreal Canadiens season

The 1938–39 Montreal Canadiens season was the 30th season in club history. The team placed sixth in the regular season to qualify for the playoffs. The Canadiens lost in the first round to the Detroit Red Wings 2 games to 1.
Playoffs.
The NHL revised its playoff format and six of seven teams qualified for the playoffs. In the first round, the Canadiens would meet Detroit, which had finished in fifth place. They lost in a best of three series in 3 games, or 1-2.

</doc>
<doc id="20119181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119181" title="Lisa Lutz">
Lisa Lutz

Lisa Lutz is an American author. She began her career writing screenplays for Hollywood. One of her rejected screenplays became the basis for a popular series of novels about a family of private investigators, the Spellmans.
Biography.
Lutz was born in Southern California in 1970. She attended UC Santa Cruz, UC Irvine, University of Leeds in England and San Francisco State University, all without attaining a degree. During the 1990s she had many low-paying jobs, including work in a private investigation firm, and spent a lot of time writing and re-writing a Mob comedy called Plan B. Her screenplay was optioned in 1997, and was made into a movie in 2000 (released in 2001). Variety Magazine described the movie as "torturously unfunny." She subsequently produced several other tentative screenplays, but none was picked up. Her final effort, tentatively titled "The Spellman Files", was also rejected; at that point Lutz realized that "the story really needed more space to be told properly." She decided to write it as a novel. She began the novel while still living in California in 2004, then decided to move into a relative's unused New York apartment to work on it full-time. She returned to the west coast (Seattle) to write her second Spellman novel, then moved to San Francisco, where she lived until 2012. She presently lives in old farmhouse miles from civilization in upstate New York.
Writing.
Her novel series describes the Spellmans, a family of private investigators, who, while very close knit, are also intensely suspicious and spend much time investigating each other. The first book in the series, "The Spellman Files", becomes suspenseful when 14-year-old Rae Spellman is apparently kidnapped.
In 2008 "The Spellman Files" was nominated for three awards for best first novel, the Anthony Award, Macavity Award, and Barry award; was awarded an Alex Award; was nominated for a Dilys Award; and reached #27 on the New York Times Bestseller List
Paramount Pictures has optioned the film rights for the novel, with Laura Ziskin producing and Barry Sonnenfeld directing.
Her second novel, "Curse of the Spellmans", was nominated for a 2009 Edgar Award by the Mystery Writers of America for best mystery novel.

</doc>
<doc id="20119185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119185" title="Area code 274">
Area code 274

North American telephone area code 274 is a proposed state of Wisconsin area code which will overlay with Area code 920 over much of eastern Wisconsin. Implementation was planned to begin in 2012, but conservation efforts and less need for numbers because of the economic crisis have caused the implementation date to be pushed back to 2017 or later. Beginning then, all new telephone numbers will have the 274 area code, while old ones will keep their 920 area code, with ten-digit dialing to be instituted among all in the area code upon implementation.

</doc>
<doc id="20119195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119195" title="Third Federal Electoral District of Yucatán">
Third Federal Electoral District of Yucatán

The Third Federal Electoral District of Yucatán "(III Distrito Electoral Federal de Yucatán)
is one of the 300 Electoral Districts into which Mexico is divided for the purpose of elections to the federal Chamber of Deputies and one of five such districts in the state of Yucatán.
It elects one deputy to the lower house of Congress for each three-year legislative period, by means of the first past the post system.
District territory.
Under the 2005 districting scheme, the district covers the north-western portion of the municipality of Mérida.
The district's head town "(cabecera distrital)", where results from individual polling stations are gathered together and collated, is the state capital, the city of Mérida.
Previous districting schemes.
1996–2005 district.
Between 1996 and 2005,
Yucatán's Third District covered the western portion of the municipality of Mérida.

</doc>
<doc id="20119214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119214" title="Lawrence Okai">
Lawrence Okai

Lieutenant General Lawrence Aboagye Okai (born 19 October 1934) is a former Chief of the Defence Staff of the Ghana Armed Forces. He is also a former member of the Supreme Military Council (SMC) government led by General Acheampong.
Army career.
Lawrence Okai rose in the Ghana army to the rank of Major General prior to his appointment as the Chief of the Defence Staff in December 1974.
Politics.
After the formation of the SMC in replacement of the National Redemption Council government, Okai became a member of the ruling junta as head of the armed forces. He continued in this position till he was replaced by Lieutenant General Fred Akuffo in November 1976.
Retirement.
Following his retirement from the army, he became active with the Veterans Association of Ghana, rising to become the Chairman of its National Council.

</doc>
<doc id="20119221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119221" title="Ulocladium chlamydosporum">
Ulocladium chlamydosporum

Ulocladium chlamydosporum is a filamentous fungus. This fungus is salt tolerant and has been found in water from the Dead Sea and did not grow out on agar without the presence of salt. The presence of copper and zinc can stimulate growth in "U. chlamydosporum", whereas lead, manganese, and molybdenum inhibit growth. 

</doc>
<doc id="20119228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119228" title="Politics of memory">
Politics of memory

The politics of memory is the political means by which events are remembered and recorded, or discarded. The terminology addresses the role of politics in shaping collective memory and how remembrances can differ markedly from the objective truth of the events as they happened. The influence of politics on memory is seen in the way history is written and passed on.
Memories are influenced by political and cultural forces. Government policies and social rules, as well as popular culture and social norms, influence the way events are remembered. In one example, German Chancellor Helmut Kohl instituted a politics of memory for the generation born after World War II. His policies reflected the belief that there was no reason to continue the guilt of the past and that the time had come for getting past the negative historical experiences. It has also been connected with the construction of identity.
Cyprus.
The two sides in the conflict in Cyprus maintain widely divergent and contrasting memories of the events that split the island. The term selective memory is applied by psychologists to people suffering from head injuries who retain some memories, but have amnesia about others. Societal trauma, such as war, seems to have a similar effect. Recollections that are shaped out of a phenomenon common to many countries traumatized by war and repression, may be remembered in radically different ways by people who experienced similar events.
The selectivity may also serve a political purpose, for example to justify the claims of one group over a competing group. Cyprus is a poignant case for this phenomenon. The longstanding conflict on the island reflects deep roots in the "motherlands" of the Greek Cypriot and Turkish Cypriot peoples.
Croatia.
Lauren A. Rivera (Harvard University) studies how states “manage reputation-damaging” events “on a global stage”. Rivera decided to conduct a study on the state of Croatia in order to determine how the government represented its country to international audiences following the wars of Yugoslavian secession. She hypothesized that the main catalyst for this change in international opinion was due to cultural reframing. This empirical study included textual analyses of travel brochures printed by the Croatian government (study 1), interviews with 34 tourism professionals from the Croatian government (study 2), and observations of popular attractions during the peak of Croatia’s tourism season (study 3). Study 1 and study 3 came to the conclusion that the nation’s new cultural identity draws parallels with western societies while creating “strong symbolic boundaries between Croatia and its Eastern neighbors” (Rivera). Tourism professionals explain this shift in culture as an attempt to make the country of Croatia seem like a more stable place for Western investment and travel (study 2). 
Germany.
Hitler's actions and ethnic cleansing programs during World War II were widely condemned, especially in the Western world that Germany is in, the country faced something of an identity crisis in coming to terms with their "misdeeds," or coming beyond a "Schadenfreude". Many condemned the past and the need to control the rise of extreme right elements (Germany's electoral laws hinder the progress of the far right as opposed to Austria because of the need to garner at least 5% of the votes to get state support for the next elections and grow further). In this regard, such moments as the first official "Day of Commemoration for Victims of National Socialism", on January 20, 1996, led to the Bundesprasident Roman Herzog remarking in his address to the German Parliament that "Remembrance gives us strength, since it helps to keep us from going astray." 
The politics of memory (Geschichtspolitik) has occupied a central place in its self-understanding. In similar, but somewhat opposing measure, Schroeder sought to move beyond this in saying the generation that committed such deeds has passed, and a new generation does not have the same fault because they simply weren't there to be responsible. In like measure, an attempt to build a holocaust memorial as a national monument to victims of such past conflicts and beyond was met with protests. 
The site for the monument was a former World War II prison and a monument "during" the Nazi era. A statue portraying a mother grieving over a dead son was resurrected with an inscription reading "To the Victims of War and Tyranny". This, however, met criticism, with critics saying the site was inappropriate, and that the statue fails to portray the horror that Germans inflicted on their fellow citizens "and" on foreigners, while the inscription failed to differentiate between victims and perpetrators, a consequence of the aforementioned identity crisis.
This was also met with another exhibition on the Germans forced to migrate following the war. Which consequently led to something of a diplomatic conflict between Germany and its eastern neighbors—especially Poland— since the exhibition organisers called on Poland to pay compensation to former German owners of Polish property, while even opposing Poland's accession to the EU. The historical conflict between Germany and Poland, and the reasons behind the paradigm shift from culprit to victim in the German view of its history, conflicted with the enduring and very different memory in Poland of the German occupation.
Another effect of the politics of memory in Germany was to alter the citizenship laws from an "jus sanguinis" to an "ius soli" philosophy in recognition of the new dynamics in Germany. Such results of an open immigration policy in stark contrast to Hitler's principles pertaining to "Aryan first."
This also resulted in a reluctance to expand Germany's military from a purely defensive measure to one of peace keeping even, though not to mention the use of the military for aggressive or preemptive measures.
Soviet bloc: politics of history.
Although this has not received considerably coverage, there have been studies to saying that the Soviet Bloc's repressions and the consequent "traumatic repercussions" deserve the same mention as that of post-World War II, which has been insititutionalized.
Memorials.
Memorials keep alive the memories of conflict, as with the removals of memorials, often for political purposes, such as in Lithuania's removal of Soviet era statue from the city centre of the capital to a cemetery that evoked an adverse reaction from Russia.
Similarly, the commemorations of wars are held in places like Bosnia, which hosted a concert on the 20th anniversary of the Bosnian war.
Efficacy and moral relativity.
While the German example's moral relativism has led to a lesser political fascism, others have questioned whether politics of memory is a good thing. Is it that "Those who cannot remember the past, are doomed to repeat it?" Literature in the past has largely ascertained that it is so. 
Looking at truth commissions and at efforts by ravaged societies to "come to terms" with the past has caused various writers, human rights activists, lawyers, political theorists, psychoanalysts, journalists, historians, and philosophers to argue that "forgetfulness equals impunity, impunity is both morally outrageous and politically dangerous." It was also argued that forgetfulness is bad, however, it is still different than proving that memory is good. It was said that memory, like everything else, could be clumsily or unintelligently used, or even used for false purposes or in bad faith. 
W. G. Sebald sees the opposite end of the conventional determination in showing that German amnesia surrounding the Allied carpet bombings of 131 German cities and towns turned many German cities into vast necropolises, and resulted in an estimated 600,000 primarily civilian deaths, with millions of internal refugees. It was also said, however, that the politics of memory could contribute to the formation of strategies for achieving reconciliation in post-conflict situations. It can be used by activists, equity workers, policy analysts and academics to address existing paradigms in order to achieve some semblance of justice and reconciliation in the aftermath of deep internal conflict.
In literature.
Milan Kundera's opening story in the "Book of Laughter and Forgetting" is about a Czech official posing with other officials for a photograph in winter. The man gives his fur hat to cover his superior's bald head and the photo is taken. Later, when he falls out of favour and is denounced and removed from official records and documents, he is even air-brushed out of photographs; all that remains of him is his fur hat.
Winston Churchill said: "History is written by the victors." The accuracy and significance of this statement is still debated.

</doc>
<doc id="20119243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119243" title="Fourth Federal Electoral District of Yucatán">
Fourth Federal Electoral District of Yucatán

The Fourth Federal Electoral District of Yucatán "(IV Distrito Electoral Federal de Yucatán)
is one of the 300 Electoral Districts into which Mexico is divided for the purpose of elections to the federal Chamber of Deputies and one of five such districts in the state of Yucatán.
It elects one deputy to the lower house of Congress for each three-year legislative period, by means of the first past the post system.
District territory.
Under the 2005 districting scheme, the district covers the south-eastern portion of the municipality of Mérida.
The district's head town "(cabecera distrital)", where results from individual polling stations are gathered together and collated, is the state capital, the city of Mérida.
Previous districting schemes.
1996–2005 district.
Between 1996 and 2005, Yucatán's Fourth District covered the eastern portion of the municipality of Mérida.

</doc>
<doc id="20119249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119249" title="Crystal Love">
Crystal Love

"Crystal Love" is the third single by melody. under the Toy's Factory label released November 27, 2003. The single stayed on the Oricon for 11 weeks and peaked at number 34. To date, the single has sold 16,889 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="20119251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119251" title="Delta Park">
Delta Park

Delta Park is a public municipal park complex in north Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon. It straddles Interstate 5 between the Columbia Slough on the south and the Columbia River on the north. The section east of the Interstate is known as East Delta Park, and to the west is West Delta Park. This location is the same as the former city of Vanport, created during World War II to house shipbuilders and destroyed by a flood in 1948. 
The Owens Sports Complex, a large part of East Delta Park, includes seven softball fields, nine soccer fields, and a concessions building. The complex is named for William V. Owens, a former park superintendent who developed and managed the city's softball program. East Delta Park also has a dog off-leash area, a football field, paved paths, picnic tables, a playground, and a volleyball court. The Portland Parks & Recreation Department operates the park, which is open from 6 a.m. to 10 p.m. 
The Urban Forestry Division of the Portland Parks Department maintains a street-tree arboretum in East Delta Park. The trees are the kinds the division recommends for planting in public rights-of-way between curbs and sidewalks. Headquartered in the park, the division uses the arboretum to teach tree identification to members of Friends of Trees and similar community organizations. 
Portland International Raceway, for car, motorcycle and bicycle racing, is part of West Delta Park. Sharing the park with the raceway are the Heron Lakes Golf Course, a dog off-leash area, and natural areas. Force Lake at in the northwest corner of the golf course attracts many species of birds. Signs around the lake describe the wildlife and explain the history of Vanport.

</doc>
<doc id="20119255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119255" title="Foster's theorem">
Foster's theorem

In probability theory, Foster's theorem, named after F. G. Foster, is used to draw conclusions about the positive recurrence of Markov chains with countable state spaces. It uses the fact that positive recurrent Markov chains exhibit a notion of "Lyapunov stability" in terms of returning to any state while starting from it within a finite time interval.
Consider an aperiodic, irreducible discrete-time Markov chain on a countable state space formula_1 having a transition probability matrix formula_2. Foster's theorem states that the Markov chain is positive recurrent if and only if there exists a Lyapunov function formula_3, such that

</doc>
<doc id="20119256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119256" title="Basera (Zee TV series)">
Basera (Zee TV series)

Basera is a Hindi language soap opera that premiered on the Zee TV channel. The story portrays and illustrates the differences in living with a joint family compared to living in a nuclear family setup. The series was very popular among Indian audiences, especially women, and won one of the best ten serials on Indian television awards consecutively for two years. The series was ranked in the top 14 Indian television shows of the 2000s and received a TVR rating of 5.04. 

</doc>
<doc id="20119259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119259" title="Expo Expo">
Expo Expo

Expo Expo is the second studio album from the Japanese hip-hop group M-Flo. Remixes of songs from this album were released as "Expo Bouei Robot Gran Sonik".

</doc>
<doc id="20119298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119298" title="Fifth Federal Electoral District of Yucatán">
Fifth Federal Electoral District of Yucatán

The Fifth Federal Electoral District of Yucatán "(V Distrito Electoral Federal de Yucatán)
is one of the 300 Electoral Districts into which Mexico is divided for the purpose of elections to the federal Chamber of Deputies and one of five such districts in the state of Yucatán.
It elects one deputy to the lower house of Congress for each three-year legislative period, by means of the first past the post system.
District territory.
Under the 2005 districting scheme, the district covers the municipalities in the west and south-west of the state.
The district's head town "(cabecera distrital)", where results from individual polling stations are gathered together and collated, is the city of Ticul.
Previous districting schemes.
1996–2005 district.
Between 1996 and 2005, Yucatán's Fifth District covered a similar territory as under the 2005 scheme, but with a larger slice of the south of the state.

</doc>
<doc id="20119302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119302" title="Threefold death">
Threefold death

The threefold death, which is suffered by kings, heroes, and gods, is a putatively Proto-Indo-European theme – although it is attested in medieval accounts of Celtic and Germanic mythology.
Some proponents of the trifunctional hypothesis distinguish two types of threefold deaths in Indo-European myth and ritual. In the first type of threefold death, one person dies simultaneously in three ways. He dies by hanging (or strangulation or falling from a tree), by drowning (or poison), and by wounding. These three deaths are foretold, and are often punishment for an offense against the three functions of Indo-European society. The second form of the threefold death is split into three distinct parts, these distinct deaths are sacrifices to three distinct gods of the three functions.
Merlin.
In Welsh legend, Myrddin Wyllt (one of the sources for Merlin of Arthurian legend) is associated with threefold death. As a test of his skill, Merlin is asked to prophesy how a boy will die. He says the boy will fall from a rock. The same boy, with a change of clothes, is presented again, and Merlin prophesies that he will hang. Then, dressed in a girl's clothes, the boy is presented, and Merlin replies, "Woman or no, he will drown." As a young man, the victim, in a hunt, falls from a rock, is caught in a tree, and hanging head down in a lake, drowns.
Myrddin Wyllt also reportedly prophesied his own death, which would happen by falling, stabbing, and drowning. This was fulfilled when a gang of jeering shepherds drove him off a cliff, where he was impaled on a stake left by fishermen, and died with his head below water.
Odin.
The Norse god Odin is also associated with the threefold death. Human sacrifices to Odin were hanged from trees. Odin is said to have hanged himself in order to learn the secrets of magic. The tarot card known as The Hanged Man is sometimes identified with Odin and with the threefold death.
"Commenta Bernensia".
One of the most prominent examples of this threefold death in three separate sacrifices comes to us from Lucan In his epic poem, "Pharsalia", which relates Caesar's conquest of Gaul, he describes a set of three Celtic gods who receive human sacrifices:
"et quibus inmitis placatur sanguine diro/ Teutates horrensque feris altaribus Esus/ et Taranis Scythicae non mitior ara Dianae." ("To whom they appease with cruel blood, harsh Teutates, and wild, bristling Esus, and Taranis whose altar is as insatiable as that of Scythian Diana.") 
One of the marginal notes in a 10th-century manuscript of the "Pharsalia", known as the "Commenta Bernensia" is highly important for an understanding of how these lines relate to Proto-Indo-European culture. “The later... scholiasts... elaborate on Lucan: they elicit the information that Taranis was propitiated by burning, Teutates by drowning, and Esus by means of suspending his victims from trees and ritually wounding them” 
This scholium is of huge significance to understanding whether this text contains evidence of the threefold death in Celtic worship. It is a distinctive detail, and it matches closely with numerous other details that relate to ritual practice in Indo-European society.
In recent years an Indo-European pattern of threefold death has
Evans goes on to cite numerous stories from various Indo-European society. All of these stories he tells contain this theme of a tripartite death. He argues, following Dumezil, that three distinct methods of sacrifice, corresponding to the three functional deities, was an important Proto-Indo-European ritual.
"Vita Columbae".
There are a number of stories in Celtic mythology that clearly are formed by they Tripartate functions of Proto-Indo-European. The theme of triple-death occurs in several places in medieval Celtic sources. The first story comes from the "Life of St. Columba" ("Vita Columbae"):
Aedh, surnamed the Black, descended of a royal family, and a Cruthinian by race. Aedh wore the clerical habit, and came with the purpose of residing with him in the monastery for some years. Now this Aedh the Black had been a very bloodthirsty man, and cruelly murdered many persons, amongst others Diarmuid, son of Cerbul, by divine appointment king of all. This same Aedh, then, after spending some time in his retirement, was irregularly ordained priest by a bishop invited for the purpose... The bishop, however, would not venture to lay a hand upon his head unless Findchan, who was greatly attached to Aedh in a carnal way, should first place his right hand on his head as a mark of approval. When such an ordination afterwards became known to the saint, he was deeply grieved, and in consequence forthwith pronounced this fearful sentence on the ill-fated Findchan and Aedh... And Aedh, thus irregularly ordained, shall return as a dog to his vomit, and be again a bloody murderer, until at length, pierced in the neck with a spear, he shall fall from a tree into the water and be drowned... But Aedh the Black, a priest only in name, betaking himself again to his former evil doings, and being treacherously wounded with a spear, fell from the prow of a boat into a lake and was drowned.
This story of triple-death corresponds to the elements which Evans finds in a whole host of similar stories. In all of these stories, the tripartate death is foretold. Here St. Columba foretells the triple death of Aedh. At the same time Columba's prophecy is a curse or a punishment which he dispenses to Aedh because of his sins. This leads to the next element common in many 'Triple-death' stories, the sins of the warrior. According to Dumezil, the warrior often commits a sin against each one of the functions. He is punished for each sin, with a punishment fitting for his crime. In this passage from the "Life of St. Columba", three specific sins are mentioned. Aedh blasphemes by being ordained a priest outside of the Church. This is a sin against the priestly function of Indo-European society. Aedh's second sin is murder; he has killed numerous people, most notably King Diarmuid. This is a sin against the warrior function. Aedh's last sin is against the productive/fertile function in Indo-European society, he has slept with another man—an act which is by its very nature unfertile.
The Tripartite death of Aedh is linked with another story of triple-death. Diarmuid, who is killed by Aedh, also dies a triple death:
When the king sent men to arrest Aedh, St. Ronan hid him and so Diarmuid had Ronan arrested and tried in his stead. He was condemned by the ecclasiastics for this act and Ronan himself uttered the famous curse, 'Desolate be Tara forever!' Soon after, Tara was abandoned, never to achieve its former splendor... wife had an affair with Flann, so Diarmuid had Flann's fortress burnt over his head. Sorely wounded, Flann tried to escape the flames by crawling into a vat of water where he drowned... Bec Mac De druid councilor prophesied that Diarmuid would be killed by Flann's kinsman, Aedh Dubh in the house of Banban... The manner of his death would be by slaughter, by burning, by drowning and by the ridge pole of a roof falling on his head... The Prophecy seemed so unlikely that Diarmuid scorned it, even when Banban invited him to a feast... Aedh Dubh was there and stabbed the High King with his spear. Wounded, Diarmuid fled back into the house. Aedh Dubh's men set fire to it. Seeking to escape the flame, Diarmuid scrambled into a vat of ale. A burning ridge pole fell on to his head. The prophecy was fulfilled (Ellis, 84).
Both of the elements which Evans discusses are present in this story of Diarmuid's death. In this story, there is a prophecy of the threefold death before it occurs. In fact, Diarmuid's death is foretold by three different men in the original story. Diarmuid has also clearly violated two of the three functions. He sins against the sanctity of the priestly function, by trying St. Ronan. For this crime Ronan curses the throne at Tara. Diarmuid also murders Flann, a violation of the warrior function. Diarmuid is punished for his transgressions by the triple nature of his death.
The Lindow Man and other Bog Bodies.
German scientist Alfred Dieck estimated that there were over 1,860 known bog bodies in Europe. Archaeologist Don Brothwell considers that many of the older bodies need re-examining with modern techniques, such as those used in the analysis of Lindow Man. The study of bog bodies, including these found in Lindow Moss, have contributed to a wider understanding of well-preserved human remains, helping to develop new methods in analysis and investigation. The use of sophisticated techniques such as computer tomography (CT) scans has marked the investigation of the Lindow bodies as particularly important. Such scans allow the reconstruction of the body and internal examination. Of the 27 bodies recovered from lowland raised mires in England and Wales, only those from Lindow Moss and the remains of Worsley Man have survived, together with a shoe from another body. The remains have a date range from the early 1st to the 4th centuries. Investigation into the other bodies relies on contemporary descriptions of the discovery.
The physical evidence allows a general reconstruction of how Lindow Man was killed, although some details are debated, but it does not explain why he was killed. In North West England, there is little evidence for religious or ritual activity in the Iron Age period. What evidence does survive is usually in the form of artefacts recovered from peat bogs. Late Iron Age burials in the region often took the form of a crouched inhumation, sometimes with personal ornaments. Although dated to the mid-1st century AD, the type of burial of Lindow Man was more common in the pre-historic period. In the later half of the 20th century, it was a common assumption that bog bodies demonstrating injuries to the neck or head area were ritualistic in nature. Bog bodies were associated with Germanic and Celtic cultures, specifically relating to head worship.
According to Brothwell, it is one of the most complex examples of "overkill" in a bog body, and possibly has ritual meaning as it was "extravagant" for a straightforward murder. Archaeologists John Hodgson and Mark Brennand suggest that bog bodies may have been related to religious practice, although there is division in the academic community over this issue and in the case of Lindow Man, whether the killing was murder or ritualistic is still debated. Anne Ross, an expert on Iron Age religion, proposed that the death was an example of human sacrifice and that the "triple death" (throat cut, strangled, and hit on the head) was an offering to several different gods. The wide date range for Lindow Man's death (2 BC to 119 AD) means he may have met his demise after the Romans conquered northern England in the 60s AD. As the Romans outlawed human sacrifice, this opens up other possibilities; this was emphasised by historian Ronald Hutton, who challenged the interpretation of sacrificial death. Connolly suggests that as Lindow Man was found naked, he could have been the victim of a violent robbery. Joy said, "The jury really is still out on these bodies, whether they were aristocrats, priests, criminals, outsiders, whether they went willingly to their deaths or whether they were executed – but Lindow was a very remote place in those days, an unlikely place for an ambush or a murder".

</doc>
<doc id="20119305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119305" title="René Hüssy">
René Hüssy

Playing career.
Hüssy began his professional playing career with Grasshopper Club Zürich in 1947 and won three Swiss titles and three Swiss cups during his time with Grasshoppers and Lausanne Sports.
Managerial career.
Hüssy was the manager of FC Winterthur for eight years and Grasshopper Club Zürich for three years. He also coached the Switzerland national football team in 1970 and again from 1973 to 1976, FC Luzern and BSC Young Boys.
Honours.
FIFA president Sepp Blatter presented Hüssy with the FIFA Order of Merit in recognition of his life’s work on 28 May 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20119307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119307" title="Dervishi">
Dervishi

Dervishi () is an
Uyghur music band in Kazakhstan. 
The group was founded in Almaty, Kazakhstan in July 1999 by four musicians: Dilmurat Baharov, Adil Zhambakiev, Aziz Massimov and Raim Khamrayev. In 1999, the band received an award for the best music arrangement for the song Zharkent Gardens () at the International Music Festival Voice of Asia (Kazakh: Азия Даусы, Russian: Голос Азии) and prize of Golden Dombra for the competition of the seven best Kazakhstan songs within the festival. The group is a Golden Disk winner in 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003 and have toured in Hungary, Bulgaria, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Turkey, Azerbaijan, India, Thailand producing 5 albums, 2 VCDs, 2 DVDs, and 2 musical-fairy tales. 

</doc>
<doc id="20119314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119314" title="A. V. S. Reddy">
A. V. S. Reddy

Dr. Akepati Vijaya Sagar Reddy,(Telugu: అకేపాటి విజయ సాగర్ రెడ్డి ; 27 December 1945 – 4 June 2012) was an Indian bureaucrat, who earned kudos for his rescue and relief work during the 1977 Diviseema cyclone. He belongs to the 1968 Batch of Indian Administrative Service (Andhra Pradesh Cadre) He served as the State Election Commissioner for Andhra Pradesh, the Secretary, Ministry of Tribal Affairs. He was an expert in Rural Development and was earlier the Director General of National Institute of Rural Development (NIRD), Hyderabad. He was instrumental in establishing the Rural Technology Park in the NIRD campus. He also introduced the M.Tech. programme in Rural Development in collaboration with Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University. Reddy also served in the Army as Major in 1971.
Early life and education.
A.V.S Reddy was born to A. Subbirami Reddy and A. Rajjamma on 27 December 1945, in Patur, Rajampet, Kadapa District, Andhra Pradesh, India into a Hindu Reddy family. He was the eldest of the eight siblings.
He obtained Bachelor of Arts (BA) degree from Sri Venkateswara University (1962–65) with Economics, History and Psychology as optionals. While pursuing M.A. (Previous), got an opportunity to join the Indian Army, responding to the nation’s call for emergency services from youth in the aftermath of the Indo-Pak war. He was declared ‘The Best Outgoing Student’ of the year 1965-66 by Sri Venkateswara University, Tirupati. He served as Second Lieutenant, Captain and Major during 1971 in the Indian Army before joining the Indian Administrative Service (IAS), for which he had received professional training at the Lal Bahadur Shastri National Academy of Administration, Mussoorie during 1973-75 and thereafter allotted to Andhra Pradesh cadre under 1968 IAS Batch.
Career.
State Election Commissioner, Andhra Pradesh (Dec 2004 to Dec 2009).
1. Held the Constitutional office of the State Election Commissioner, Andhra Pradesh, which is conferred with the status of a Judge of High Court for 5 years from 29.12.2004 to 28.12.2009.
2. Held ordinary elections to 3,758 offices in 98 Municipalities and 11 Corporations in the State during September, 2005 with Electronic Voting Machines (EVMs), which were introduced for the first time in the local body elections in the State.
3. Held ordinary elections to 2,70,000 offices in Gram Panchayats, Mandal Parishads and Zilla Parishads in the State during June–August, 2006 overcoming unprecedented legal hurdles.
4. Held first ordinary elections to Greater Visakhapatnam Municipal Corporation, Rajahmundry Municipal Corporation and Tirupati, Hindupur and Palasa-Kasibugga Municipalities in 2007.
5. Held first ordinary elections to Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation spreading over 24 Assembly Constituencies in the State having a voter population of 57 lakhs with Electronic Voting Machines successfully in 2009.
6. Instrumental in setting up of a Research & Documentation Centre (R & DC) after assuming charge in 2005 which generated Election Reports and Manuals of Election Law of local bodies containing vital information and statistics about local bodies useful to political parties, press and electronic media, general public and psephologists.
Secretary, Government of India, Ministry of Tribal Affairs (Sep, 2003 to Dec, 2004).
1. Introduction of GIS based planning.
2. Rationalizing and streamlining the operation of Non-Governmental Organisations (NGOs) and weeding out the NGOs indulged in corrupt practices.
3. Concentrating on Watershed Management and natural resources management.
4. Extracting concession to tribals from Environment and Forest Ministry.
5. Planning for the educated youth employment through National Scheduled Tribes Finance and Development Corporation on mass scale and Special Central Assistance.
6. Revising Tribal Research Centres and encouraging tribal languages at primary school level.
Director General, NIRD (Dec 2001 to Sep 2003).
 As Director General of NIRD I have functioned as the Chief Executive and Head of the organization. Under my overall supervision and guidance this national apex body on training and research and action research in rural development functioned, coordinated and gave direction to 16-17 Centres. This was a very onerous responsibility as NIRD is not only a national apex body, it is also an internationally reputed organization which undertakes research and training for international students and important research projects headed by UN bodies, such as UNDP, ILO, etc.
 During the tenure as Director General (DG), NIRD, the following were accomplished.
1. Reactivated the Disaster Management Cell, which was in a moribund state, by providing it with a core team to organize training and research, apart from helping the national level apex organization, National Centre on Disaster Management (NCDC) in its mission of preparing community based disaster management plans.
2. Likewise, launched the “Rural Technology Park (RTP) at NIRD to show case the potential technological innovations of rural areas in general and NIRD’s coordinating role in particular.
3. Conducted the NIRD’s Foundation Day, besides organizing a seminar on “Rural Technologies” in January 2002, where the ‘rural-urban’ interdependence was emphasized. Two of NIRDs prestigious publications, namely India Panchayati Raj Report 2001 and India Rural Development, were released on the occasion.
4. Took upon the responsibility of organizing the All-India Panchayat Adhyakshas Sammelan at New Delhi, for which the groundwork was done at NIRD during February–March, 2002, including the publication of a monthly journal “Grameen Bharat” in 13 languages. This publication was released by the Hon’ble Prime Minister of India on 5 April 2002.
5. A national Workshop on “Impact of Liberalisation and Globalisation of Sustainable Rural Livelihoods” on 23 May was conducted under DG’s overall supervision.
6. Restructuring of faculties and changing of designations of the faculty members was undertaken to make them more acceptable and respectable in the academic and administrative parlance within the country and abroad.
7. A special programme aiming at the crystallization of new policy initiatives was launched recently, with Director (Centre on Monitoring and Evaluation) as the Convener.
8. Closely monitored the performance of faculty members at all levels, besides striving for recognition to the Institution both nationally and internationally.
9. On the Administrative front, personally supervised the overall maintenance of the Institute including Hostels and estate management.
10. Keenly coordinated all the Rural Development Ministry’s activities.
11. Extensively toured across the country, especially to strengthen the State Institute of Rural Developments (SIRDs) in different states, including NIRD North East Centre, Guwahati, in order to see and make use of the new experiments made in policy making, innovative programme implementation vis-à-vis local self-government institutions, especially the autonomy bestowed on them.
1989-2001.
Principal Secretary, Revenue, Endowments & Relief, Government of Andhra Pradesh (2000-01).
The Principal Secretary, Revenue, Endowments & Relief, is one of the top ranking officials of the Andhra Pradesh State Government. In this capacity,
Mr. Reddy has been dealing with Land Administration, District Administration and all matters pertaining to the Revenue, Relief and Rehabilitation and Endowments. The Department of Revenue has more than 100,000 employees. This is the largest Department at the policy formulation level at Secretariat with its field agencies down to the village level. The infrastructure facilities such as provision of land throughout the State for governmental and non-governmental agencies is also being dealt by him.
In the capacity of Principal Secretary, Revenue, Endowments & Relief, for one year, he had successfully dealt with the situation following the unprecedented floods in the State capital. He has also been the Chief Coordinator for rescue, relief and rehabilitation operations on behalf of the State Government of Andhra Pradesh for Gujarat earthquake victims. Alongside, he acts as the key Consultant in India on National Policies for Disaster Management and Sustainable Development.
Director General, Centre on Integrated Rural Development of Asia and the Pacific (CIRDAP), Bangladesh (1996-2000).
The Director General (DG) is the legal and official representative of CIRDAP (a regional, intergovernmental and autonomous organization representing 14 member countries in the Asia-Pacific region) and provides overall leadership by guiding and coordinating its day-to-day administration. This position has both 'selective' and 'elective' elements embedded in it; and it is for a four-year term. In comparison with the other UN agencies, the DG of CIRDAP is accorded the status of D-2 level and has been treated as a diplomat assigned with the responsibilities of Chief of the Mission.
As the chief executive, Mr. Reddy, supervises and directs the functioning of the Centre in accordance with the policy guidelines and decisions adapted by the Governing Council with the guidance of the Executive Committee of CIRDAP. The thrust areas of the CIRDAP are: rural development, poverty alleviation, disaster management, etc., and provides technical support for capacity building of the individuals/institutions. In addition, he coordinates the work of its five divisions: Research, Pilot Projects, Training, Information & Communication, Administration & Finance and the Planning Units.
Principal Secretary, Panchayati Raj & Rural Development and Relief Department (1993-1996), Govt. of Andhra Pradesh, India.
As head of this massive department, which deals with the local self-government bodies, i.e., Panchayati Raj Institutions (PRIs) in the context of Rural Development in general and implementation of" various poverty alleviation programmes of both Central and State Governments in particular, Mr. Reddy took active interest in bringing about rural transformation in the State. He was instrumental in peaceful conduct of elections to the three-tier PRIs in the State. Facilitated in the devolution of more powers relating to functions, functionaries and funds to these bodies by the State Government as ordained in the Act and as per the State Finance Commission's recommendations. Besides, coordinated activities of the Engineering Wing of PR&RD Department in creating community assets like watershed programmes, rural water supply, arterial road development in rural areas, etc., and their maintenance. He held the additional charge of the Dean, Centre on Disaster Management at the A.P. Academy of Rural Development (APARD). The Manual for Drought for the State of Andhra Pradesh was prepared under his Chairmanship. Before taking over as Principal Secretary, held briefly the posts of the Commissioner for Rural Development and Panchayat Raj and Relief with distinction. This has provided him an opportunity to comprehend the ground realities with a sharper focus on Decentralized Development via local bodies as also linking development with disaster reduction in the State and elsewhere.
Deputy Director General, National Institute of Rural Development (NIRD), Hyderabad (1989-93).
National Institute of Rural Development is one of the most prestigious and well-endowed institutions in the world specializing on the various facets of rural development. It has linkages with various other development institutions both in India and abroad. NIRD serves as a policy advisory body to the Government of India on rural development. As its Deputy Director General (DDG), performed functions as head of (a) Training; (b) Research (c) Consultancy (d) Action Research; and (e) Administration. NIRD has also been coordinating the training and research activities of all the 25 State Institutes of Rural Development (SIRDs), which gave the DDG an opportunity in interacting with these bodies on a regular basis in upgrading their skills and knowledge-base enabling them to train the officials and Elected Representatives in implementing the policies of the Government of India alongside the State Government's innovative schemes. Was instrumental in sending faculty of NIRD for various long-term and short-term training programmes both in India and abroad. Visited the U.K. during January through December 1991 as the Queen Elizabeth House Fellow of the University of Oxford; and while at it, specialized on the Disaster Management Policy for achieving sustainable long-term socio-economic development. When Andhra Pradesh state was ravaged by a Cyclone in May-1990, conducted a quick field study with the help of NIRD faculty, which provided a base to the Government of A.P., to put forth its proposal for aid before the World Bank, which finally gave an assistance of US $400 million to the State Government. Published a number of research papers on Rural Development and Disaster Reduction in various journals both in India and abroad. Also, functioned concurrently as ex officio Director of National Institute of Agricultural Extension Management (MANAGE), Financial Adviser and Director of the Centre on Disaster Management and Rural Reconstruction (CDM&RR) of NIRD.
Memberships.
Membership of Academic Bodies.
Member, Canadian Evaluation Society, Ottawa, Canada (1997-2000).
Chairman, Governing Body of Andhra Pradesh Academy of Rural Development (APARD) from 1993-1996.
Member, Academic Committee of the National Institute of Rural Development from 1989 to January -1993.
Member, Faculty Sub-group on Action Research besides being the Coordinator of Action Research from 1989 to 1993 at NIRD.
Member, Board of Management of A.P. Agriculture University from September 1993 to June 1996.
Membership of Professional Bodies.
Fellow of Royal Geographical Society, London.
Member, Canadian Evaluation Society, (Ottawa), Canada.
Member, Micro-credit Summit Campaign Council of Advocates.
Member and Chairman, National Institute of Amateur Radio (India)-a Non-Governmental organization for ten years (1982–92)
Member, Editorial Board of the Journal of Rural Development, NIRD (1989-1993), Hyderabad, India.
Chairman, Editorial Board, Asia-Pacific Journal of Rural Development (APJORD), published by CIRDAP, Dhaka, Bangladesh, July, 1996-2000.
Assignments.
UNDP Team Leader for the Evaluation of Disaster Management Project in Bangladesh, February -1999.
Cyclone (May -1990) Reconstruction Project for Andhra Pradesh Government, submitted to the World Bank, which culminated in the successful release of US $400 Million.
Training for the Builders of Earthquake and Cyclone Resistant Housing (ODA, UK sponsored Project through Disaster Management Centre, Oxford Polytechnic, UK), 1992.
Evaluation of National Literacy Mission: "Evaluation of total Literacy Campaigns" as Voluntary Mass Movements" for the Government of Andhra Pradesh.
Honorary Consultant, Khillari (Maharashtra, India) Earthquake affected area reconstruction programme.
Honorary Consultant and Adviser, Earthquake-prone Area Development Project in Andhra Pradesh (EPADP)
Project Director – for the preparation of Air Disaster Response Manual.
Project Director – Disaster Mitigation Plan for Ten Cyclone and Flood -Prone Districts of Andhra Pradesh.
Chairman of the Drought Manual Drafting Committee. The recommendations of the Committee have been accepted by the Government of Andhra Pradesh.
Adviser for the Study on Profile of Cyclone Preparedness in Andhra Pradesh sponsored by the OXFAM, U.K.
Adviser to Government of Andhra Pradesh on the preparation of Manual of Instructions for the Contingency Plan for Earthquakes/tremors.
Publications.
Over 100 Technical papers; Project Reports; Status Reports; Investigation Reports; Feasibility Reports; Scientific Papers; Conference Papers; and Consultancy Reports.
Selected Titles
1. Multidisciplinary Study on Cyclone Management in Andhra Pradesh (facilitated by OXFAM MIVOS ECHO)
2. UNDP Team Leader for Mid-term Evaluation Report on Comprehensive Support to Disaster Management (UNOPS Project BGD/92/002)
3. Cyclone (May -1990) Reconstruction Project Report submitted to the World Bank by the Government of Andhra Pradesh, India.
4. "Cyclone Shelter for Livestock" published in Livestock Journal for Rural Development, published from Colombia (1991)
5. “The Politics of Disaster: Public Pressure and State Response for Cyclone Relief in Andhra Pradesh," published in the Journal of Disaster Management, UK (1992)
6. Building for Safety – A case study of cyclone-prone coastal belt of the South Indian State of Andhra Pradesh, India – March 1992 (organized by Disaster Management Centre, Oxford and Cambridge Architectural Research, UK).
7. Impact of Land Reforms on Agriculture and Rural Development, Eds. Tarlok Singh, T.Haque and A.V.S.Reddy, NIRD, Hyderabad (1992)
8. "Integrated early warning systems for disaster management and long-term development" based on the work done at Oxford University
as Visiting Fellow (January through December, 1991) published in the Journal of Rural Development, vol. (3), May 1992, NIRD.
9. "Earthquake Disaster in the Garhwal Region: Critical Appraisal of Rescue and Relief Operations", Occasional paper (4), NIRD (1992)
10. "Strategy for Rural Development in India: Self-employment for Poverty Alleviation", paper presented at the Commonwealth Consultation on Rural Poverty Alleviation, 5–9 October 1999. Colombo, Sri Lanka at the invitation of the Commonwealth Secretariat, London.
11. "Reformulating Strategies for Integrated Rural Development: Perspective for the Nineties". A policy paper – jointly prepared with Dr. B.K.Thapliyal and Dr. K.R.Sastry, presented to the Parliamentary Committee on Agriculture on their visit to NIRD (26–28 June 1992) Published in AARRO Journal (1992).
12. "Development of Academic Curriculum for Primary, Secondary and High School students in the context of Disaster management". Theme Paper for the UNCRD – CIRDAP Workshop, Dhaka, 7–11 February 1993.
13. "Planning for Management and Mitigation of Cyclone and Flood Disasters in Andhra Pradesh" (A study of ten Cyclone and Flood-prone Districts), sponsored by the Natural Disaster Management Division, Ministry of Agriculture, Government of India (1996)
14. "Disaster Mitigation through People's Participation: Role of Local Self-government Institutions". Asia-Pacific Journal of Rural Development, Vol. IV, No.2 (December 1996 pp. 15–34.)
15. "CIRDAP"s Role in Fisheries Development: Its Experience and Suggestions for an Efficient Organizational Set-up for Pisciculture in Lao PDR" (with Soudchay, N.). A paper presented at Vientiane in April 1997.
16. "Evaluation Challenges in a Regional Membership Organisation". A paper presented at the Annual Conference of the Canadian Evaluation Society, Ottawa, Canada on 6 May 1997.
17. Planning for Local Community/Rural Development in Asia". A paper presented at the Seminar on Planning for Integrated Local Community Development, jointly organized by the National Productivity Organization (NPO) Bangladesh, CIRDAP and the Asian Productivity Organization (APO) at Dhaka on 8 July 1997.
18. Co-editor, "Rural Water Supply in Asia", CIRDAP Study.
19. Discussion paper on Disaster Reduction Experience of Andhra Pradesh October 1998.
20. Multidisciplinary Study on Cyclone Management in Andhra Pradesh (under Print)
Invitation/Participation in International Conferences: (only some important conferences are mentioned below).
1. Attended the Micro-credit Summit Campaign, Meeting of Councils held in Abidjan, Cote D'lvoire (Ivory Coast) from 24–26 June 1999.
2. Participated in the 55th Session of the UN-ESCAP, held at Bangkok during 22–28 April 1999.
3. Participated in the 54th Session of the UN-ESCAP, held at Bangkok during 16–22 April 1998.
4. Participated in the ESCAP's first session of the Committee on Socio-economic Measures to Alleviate Poverty in Rural and Urban Areas from 15–17 September 1998.
5. Attended the Pre-Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting (CHOGM) Forum held at Edinburgh sponsored by Commonwealth Human Ecology Council (CHEC)/United Nations Centre for Human Settlements (UNCHS) from 22–24 October 1997.
6. Workshop on Environmentally Sound and Sustainable Development organized by ESCAP and Bangladesh Public Administration Training Centre, 26–30 October 1997.
7. Resource Person for Workshop on Building for Safety, organized by Disaster Management Centre, Oxford Polytechnic, Oxford, UK, 18 March -7 April 1992.
8. Resource Person for International Workshop on Flood Mitigation, Emergency Preparedness and Flood Disaster Management at Hanoi, Vietnam, 24–26 June 1992.
9. Resource Person for Commonwealth Consultation on Rural Poverty Alleviation at Colombo, Sri Lanka, 5–9 October 1992.
10. Resource Person for the UNCRD-CIRDAP Workshop on Regional Planning at Dhaka, 7–11 February 1993.
11. Visiting Fellow for the Study Programme titled 'Natural Disasters Protecting Vulnerable Communities', held at Oxford and London, IJK during 4–16 October 1993.
12. Presented the subject of "30 September 1993 Khillari (Maharashtra, India) Earthquake" at the International Conference at the Royal Society, London.
13. Chaired the ILO – NIRD Collaborative International Workshop on Small Enterprises at Hyderabad in 1991-92
14. Attended National Workshop on 'Stimulating Growth Through Rural Non-farm Activities in Bangladesh: Review of the Experience and Search for a Policy Agenda', organized jointly by Bangladesh Institute of Development Studies (BIDS) and The World Bank in Dhaka on 31 July 1996.
15. Participated in the Third Session of the Committee on Poverty Alleviation through Economic Growth and Social Development organized by ESCAP on 16–18 October 1996 in Bangkok, Thailand.
16. Attended the Seminar on 'The 1996 Human Development Report in Bangladesh' organized by UNDP on 17 October 1996.
17. Participated in the Workshop on 'Results Based Management (RBM) organized by the Canadian International Development Agency (CIDA), Programme Support Unit (PSU), Dhaka, 19 November 1996.
18. Participated in the Round Table on the Report of Graca Machel, Expert of UN Secretary General on Impact of Armed Conflict on Children organized by UNICEF and Bangladesh Institute of Strategic Studies, Dhaka, on 27 November 1996.
19. Participated in the 'Commonwealth Regional Training Programme on Poverty Focused Rural Development with Emphasis on Ecological Farming and Environmental Concerns', organized by the Bangladesh Academy for Rural Development (BARD), in Comilla, Bangladesh, 7 December 1996.
20. Held discussions at the National Institute of Rural Development (NIRD), the National Institute of Agricultural Extension and Management (MANAGE), A.P. State Housing Corporation Limited and visited two CIRDAP Pilot Project villages in Hyderabad, India from 13–17 December 1996.
21. Participated at the 53rd Session of the UN-ESCAP held at Bangkok, during 23–25 April 1997 and made a 'Statement'.
22. Attended the Launching Ceremony of the 'First Human Development Report of South Asia' organized jointly by the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and the World Bank (WB) 26 April 1997, Dhaka.
23. Attended the Annual Conference of the Canadian Evaluation Society and presented a paper on the Seminar theme at Ottawa, Canada, 6 May 1997.
24. Participated in the Annual Meeting on the 'Micro Impacts on Macro Economic and Adjustment Policies' (MIMAP) organized by International Development Research Centre (IDRC), 5–7 May 1997, Ottawa.
25. Attended the Seminar on Micro Impacts on Macro Economic and Adjustment Policies in Sri Lanka, 8–14 June 1997
26. Attended the Workshop on Sustainable Development and Disaster Reduction held at BARD, Bangladesh, 10–12 December 1997
27. Attended the ASEAN Expert Group Meeting of Rural Development and Poverty Eradication held at Yogyakarta and Indonesia in 12–15 December 1997.
28. Attended Asia Regional Meeting on "El Nino Related Crises" organized by Asian Disaster Preparedness Centre Thailand 2–6 February 1998.
29. Attended the Regional Workshop on "Towards Gender Equity: Poverty, Rights and Participation", at Dhaka, Bangladesh, 15–19 February 1998.
30. Attended the presentation on Policies on Institutional Credit to Generate Employment and Marketing Skills among the Rural Youth in Asia and the Pacific Region – the Indian Experience, on 16 February 1998 at Dhaka.
31. In observance of the National Disaster Preparedness Day, attended the Seminar on the theme: ‘Cyclone is the major Disaster for Man, Material and Environmental Loss in Bangladesh' organized by the Disaster Management Bureau in Dhaka on 31 March 1998.
32. Attended the Research Meeting on 'Impact of Increase in Household Income on the Status and Activities of Rural Women within the Household', 27-29, July1998.
33. Attended Workshop on Participatory Extension at Dhaka, Bangladesh 8–17 November 1998, organized by CIRDAP-MOA, Royal Government of Bhutan.
34. Participated in Mid-Term Consultation on Economic Impact of Peripheral Infrastructure for Rural Poor held in NIRD, India from 18–20 November 1998.
35. As an "ex officio" member of the Delimitation Commission of India, the Parliamentary Constituencies and the Assembly Constituencies in the State of Andhra Pradesh have been delimited with reference to the 2001 Census.

</doc>
<doc id="20119315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119315" title="Eoudong">
Eoudong

Eoudong is a 1985 South Korean film starring Ahn Sung-ki and Lee Bo-hee. Lee Bo-hee won the best actress award at Grand Bell Awards in 1986.
Synopsis.
The movie is set in Korea's Joseon Dynasty, during the reign of King Seonngjong, when strict Confucianism forced women to follow the male dominant society.
Reception.
"Eoudong" was a successful film both at the box office and with the critics. It eventually sold over 500,000 tickets, and critics praised the film for its cinematography and depiction of the historical time period.

</doc>
<doc id="20119317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119317" title="Johnny Mooring">
Johnny Mooring

Johnny Mooring was born John Henry Mooring in Springhill, Nova Scotia, Canada, on May 17, 1927 to Henry and Caroline Mooring. He was the ninth of ten children.
Mooring learned the rudiments of playing the fiddle from his mother - and from the time he first picked up the instrument it became an extension of the man for the rest of his life.
At the age of 12, Mooring started playing the fiddle for parties. He remembered his early beginnings and humble ancestry by carrying with him throughout his life the first payment he ever received... 35 cents.
He became one of the most respected fiddle players in North America, winning the North American Fiddle Championship Trophy, in Shelburn, Ontario, Canada, for three consecutive years: 1964-66. Judges remarks included references to his ability to translate a waltz (i.e. The Twilight Waltz, The Dauphin Waltz) with such intense emotion.
During his lifetime he released twelve record albums and appeared on many radio and television shows including The Don Messer and Tommy Hunter shows. He was an enthusiastic composer of fiddle tunes and tried his hand at writing songs. He sings and plays fiddle on the album, “Four Strings and I”. Apart from the fiddle he also played piano, organ, accordion, banjo, mandolin, clarinet and trumpet. Brian Buchanan, of "Enter the Haggis", wrote that Mooring "was arguably the first 'rock star' of traditional Canadian music."
Johnny has two daughters Sandra and Sharon Mooring. He also has four grandchildren and four great grandchildren. Johnny was also known to have been a notorious womanizer, and to have fathered several illegitimate children, and was beaten to death by a jealous Husband on March 28, 1974 in Cornwall, Ontario.
Enter the Haggis wrote a ballad called "The Death of Johnny Mooring" for their "Gutter Anthems" album. The song portrays Mooring as a working-class hero and implies that he fought commercialism in his own career.

</doc>
<doc id="20119322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119322" title="Battle of Ladysmith">
Battle of Ladysmith

The Battle of Ladysmith was one of the early engagements of the Second Boer War. A large British force which had concentrated at the garrison town of Ladysmith launched a sortie on 30 October 1899, against Boer armies which were slowly surrounding the town. The result was a disaster for the British. The main body was driven back into the town, and an isolated detachment of 800 men was forced to surrender to Commandant De Wet. The Boers did not follow up their advantage by proceeding towards the strategically important port of Durban, and instead began a Siege of Ladysmith, which was relieved after 118 days.
Background.
In June 1899, when it appeared that hostilities between Britain and the independent Boer republics were likely, the British government began sending troops to South Africa as a precaution. Most went to Natal, where the vital port of Durban appeared to be within comparatively easy striking distance for the Boer forces. The British government was unwilling to order a complete mobilisation, but on the recommendation of the Commander in Chief of the British Army, General Wolseley, they agreed to send 10,000 troops which Wolseley believed could defend Natal if war broke out until reinforcements could arrive by sea.
The first contingent were some troops returning to Britain from India, under Major General Penn Symons. The War Office subsequently dispatched units from garrisons in the Mediterranean and elsewhere, eventually totalling 15,000. Lieutenant General Sir George White was appointed to command this enlarged force. White was 64 years old, and suffered from a leg injury incurred in a riding accident. Having served mainly in India, he had little previous experience of South Africa. 
British deployments.
Natal was divided roughly into northern and southern parts by the Tugela River. Northern Natal was surrounded on three sides by Boer territory. Although advised to deploy his force south of the Tugela, White rejected this advice for reasons of prestige. Other senior British officers considered that White was badly advised by over-eager officers such as Penn-Symons or White's Adjutant General, Colonel Ian Hamilton. White concentrated the bulk of his force at Ladysmith, about north of the Tugela, while a brigade under Penn-Symons was posted even further north at Glencoe and Dundee. Penn Symons' position was particularly exposed to danger, being so far north that it was vulnerable to being surrounded, while not far enough north to block the passes through the Drakensberg mountains which the main Boer armies would have to cross to invade Natal.
Outbreak of war.
Contrary to the advice of several British officials such as Sir Alfred Milner, the High Commissioner for Southern Africa, the independent Boer governments were not over-awed by the despatch of British troops to Natal. Instead, they regarded it as evidence of Britain's determination to seize control of the Boer republics. The South African Republic or Transvaal government under President Paul Kruger considered launching an attack in September, but President Steyn of the Orange Free State dissuaded them for several weeks while he tried to act as intermediary. With the complete breakdown in negotiations, both independent republics declared war and attacked on 12 October.
A total of 21,000 Boers advanced into Natal from all sides. The only regular uniformed units were the "Staatsartillerie" of both republics (and some units of policemen such as the South African Republic Police or ZARP). The rest were mainly farmers, dressed in their ordinary working clothes, with some townsmen and contingents of foreign volunteers known as Vrijwilligers. All were mounted, and most were armed with Mauser Bolt action rifles. The artillery had two dozen German manufactured Krupp field guns and four heavy French manufactured 155 mm Creusot Long Tom guns.
On 20 October, two Boer forces attacked Penn-Symons' detachment at Dundee but were driven back at the Battle of Talana Hill. The British suffered heavy casualties (including Penn-Symons, who was mortally wounded) and were cut off from Ladysmith by another Boer force which captured a railway station at Elandslaagte which lay between them. On 21 October, British troops under Colonel Ian Hamilton and White's cavalry commander, Colonel John French, recaptured the station in the Battle of Elandslaagte. White was unable to follow up this success by relieving Penn-Symons's force (now commanded by Brigadier General J.H. Yule) as he feared that Boers from the Orange Free State were about to attack Ladysmith. This decision highlighted Ladysmith's exposed position.
Yule's force had to make an exhausting four-day march across the Biggarsberg hills before they could rejoin White in Ladysmith. On 24 October, White made a demonstration at Rietfontein against the Boers pressing forward down the railway line from Glencoe to Ladysmith, to distract them from attacking Yule. The British suffered 132 casualties, mainly from artillery fire.
Battle of Ladysmith.
British plans.
Rather than retreat south of the Tugela, White continued to mass supplies and reinforcements in Ladysmith. (He sent the wounded south to Pietermaritzburg but left the civilians and other non-combatants in the town.) As the British troops concentrated in Ladysmith now constituted a balanced "field force" of all arms, White also rejected the option of leaving an infantry garrison in Ladysmith while sending the bulk of the mounted troops and artillery south of the river. He gambled on being able to strike a knock-out blow against the Boer armies in a "set-piece" action. This was despite the disadvantages of the terrain, with Ladysmith being on low ground surrounded by hills rising to above the town, which gave the Boers the advantage of height.
From 26 to 29 October, White sent out tentative cavalry reconnaissances, which he recalled when it appeared that Boer horsemen might cut them off. On 29 October, Boers could be seen emplacing one of their heavy Creusot siege guns on Pepworth Hill, roughly north-north east of the town. Before this gun could open fire, White had already made plans for attack the following dawn, based on incomplete reconnaissances and observations.
The main frontal attack was intended to capture Pepworth Hill. The column was led by Colonel Ian Hamilton and consisted of the 1st battalion, the Devonshire Regiment, 1st battalion, the Manchester Regiment, 2nd battalion, the Gordon Highlanders and 2nd battalion, the Rifle Brigade. This attack was to be supported by a column under Colonel Grimwood, consisting of the 1st and 2nd battalions, the King's Royal Rifle Corps, 1st battalion, the Leicestershire Regiment, 1st battalion, the King's Liverpool Regiment and the 2nd battalion, the Royal Dublin Fusiliers, which would attack the supposed Boer left flank and capture Long Hill, about east of Pepworth Hill. The bulk of the mounted troops under Colonel John French (the 5th Lancers, 5th Dragoon Guards, 18th Hussars less a squadron lost at Talana Hill, 19th Hussars, several companies of Mounted infantry, the Natal Carbineers and Imperial Light Horse were stationed in reserve or to Grimwood's right. Six batteries (the 13th, 21st, 42nd, 53rd, 67th and 69th) of 15-pounder guns of the Royal Artillery were to support the attacks.
White also sent a detachment consisting of the 1st battalion, the Royal Irish Fusiliers and half the 1st battalion, the Gloucestershire Regiment, with number 10 Mountain Battery (equipped with RML 2.5-inch Mountain Guns) to capture a pass known as Nicholson's Nek which lay about to the northwest of Pepworth Hill. The force was commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Carleton of the Royal Irish Fusiliers. White intended that by seizing the pass, this detachment would prevent the Boer force from the Orange Free State reinforcing the Transvaal Boers on Pepworth Hill, and also prevent the defeated Boers retreating directly north.
Lombard's Kop.
Grimwood's brigade had deployed during the night around Lombard's Kop and Farquhar's Farm, and faced north towards Long Hill. As dawn broke, Grimwood found that half his brigade had straggled, and French's mounted troops had not reached their assigned position. Before this could be corrected, the British troops came under heavy rifle fire from their own right flank. The Boers in this sector were nominally commanded by the elderly Commandant Lukas Meyer, but were actually led by Louis Botha.
At the same time, the first shell from the Boers' "Long Tom" on Pepworth Hill landed in the town, causing consternation. The British field guns opened fire on Pepworth Hill and Long Hill, and temporarily silenced the Boer siege gun but Colonel Ian Hamilton's frontal attack on Pepworth Hill was called off as it became clear that Grimwood was in trouble, and Hamilton's attack would not be supported. Although the main body of South African Republic Boers under Commandant-General Piet Joubert were stationed behind Pepworth Hill, there were none on Long Hill, and fire on this hill was wasted. The British artillery itself came under accurate and effective fire from the Boers' field guns, which were fought as individual gun detachments, and were quickly moved between emplacements before British guns could find their range. The British guns were deployed as they had been drilled to do, in neat rows of six without using cover from artillery or even rifle fire. Their fire was not as effective as that of the Boer "Staatsartillerie", and they incurred needless casualties.
After four hours, White had received no messages from Carleton, although firing could be heard from the position he was supposed to have occupied. With no prospect of a successful attack, he ordered his troops to "retire as opportunity offers". As they began to fall back into the open plain between Lombard's Kop and Ladysmith, they came under heavy fire from Botha's riflemen and the Boer gun on Pepworth Hill. Some of Grimwood's units (mainly those which had already suffered heavy casualties at Talana Hill, and were short of officers and tired) panicked and the retreat became a rout. Two batteries of field guns covered the retreat by withdrawing in stages, each battery providing covering fire in turn while the other limbered up and fell back. The British were also very fortunate that a detachment of naval guns (four 12-pounder and two 4.7-inch guns, under Captain Percy Scott of "HMS Terrible") arrived by train in Ladysmith and went almost straight into action. Their first few rounds immediately found the range to Pepworth Hill and suppressed the Boers' "Long Tom".
The British fell back into Ladysmith, with units temporarily demoralised. The day was subsequently termed "Mournful Monday". Nevertheless, the Boers did not immediately take advantage of their victory. It is said that when Joubert was urged to follow up the British infantry, he replied, "When God stretches out a finger, do not take the whole hand".
Nicholson's Nek.
White was not aware of the fate of Carleton's force until the next day, when Joubert sent a letter which also unilaterally granted an armistice to allow the dead to be buried. Carleton's force had been late setting out because the mules carrying his guns and reserve ammunition had not been properly controlled by inexperienced drivers and had been fractious. As dawn approached, Carleton feared that because of the late start, his force would be exposed at daybreak in the open plain between Pepworth Hill and the Nek. He therefore decided to occupy a hill known as Tchrengula just to the south of the Nek. As they climbed the hill, the mules bolted and startled British soldiers fired several shots, alerting the nearest Boers.
Carleton's men began preparing sangars on what they thought was the summit of Tchrengula. In fact the mile-long summit was divided into two peaks, and in the dark, the British had occupied only the southern, lower summit. Vice Commandant Christiaan De Wet quickly grasped the situation, and led some men on horseback to gallop to the northern end of the hill, where they dismounted and climbed the hill to occupy the undefended northern summit. From there, the Boers pressed forward along the summit which was strewn with rocks which gave individual Boer riflemen ample cover. The British sangars were exposed and obvious targets to the Boers, and gave inadequate protection. Like the artillery, the British infantry relied on drill, firing volleys on the command of an officer. By the time the order had been given, the intended target was safe behind cover, while the British soldiers were exposed to fire.
The British infantry resisted for several hours, but the numbers of wounded and killed increased and ammunition ran out. Finally, as the main British force could be seen retreating into Ladysmith, Carleton gave the order to surrender. A British officer waved a white flag at the same time. Some of the British troops had seen no reason for the surrender and felt themselves humiliated by the order. Eight hundred soldiers were taken prisoner.
Aftermath.
Since the Boers launched no immediate assault, the British force reorganised and constructed defensive lines around the town, which would require a major effort to overcome. They recovered morale through some small-scale raids at night which sabotaged some of the Boer artillery. Thereafter the siege became a long drawn-out blockade, except for a single storming attempt. After several failures, a force under General Redvers Buller, who was later known as "Sir Reverse" and the "Ferryman of the Tugela", broke through the Boer forces defending the Tugela to effect the Relief of Ladysmith on 28 February 1900.

</doc>
<doc id="20119327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119327" title="True Beauty (season 1)">
True Beauty (season 1)

True Beauty (season 1) is the first season of the ABC reality television series "True Beauty". The contestants are competing to see who is the most beautiful. However, they think they are only being tested on "outer beauty". The show is hosted by three judges: Nolé Marin, Cheryl Tiegs, and Vanessa Minnillo who judge the contestants on their "inner beauty". The contestants are competing for $100,000 and to be "featured in "People" magazine's 100 most beautiful people issue." The series, produced by Tyra Banks and Ashton Kutcher, premiered on ABC on January 5, 2009.
Episodes.
The Science of Beauty.
"First aired January 5, 2009
The contestants are taken to a doctor/beauty expert for what they are told is a series of measurements to assess their "beauty score". What the contestants don't know is that they are being observed on a hidden camera to see if they will look at the personal files of the other contestants. After the measurements are taken, each contestant is given his/her beauty score, which is calculated by the beauty expert. They were told that anything over an 85 is beautiful, and anything over 95 is star quality. The scores are: Joel and Billy 95; Ashley, C.J. and Laura 94; Ray 92; Julia and Monique 91; Chelsea and Hadiyyah-lah at risk for elimination.
The bottom two are put into a final hidden camera challenge where they encounter an actor trying to enter a building with his hands full with cups of coffee. In the end, Hadiyyah-lah is eliminated for her behavior on hidden camera, including looking through C.J.'s personal file and not holding the door for the actor holding the cups of coffee.
Million Dollar Look.
"First aired January 12, 2009
The contestants are split into three teams and sent to Melrose Avenue to assemble three complete outfits using only their beauty and $100 per team. The teams are Billy, Laura, and Julia; Ashley, C.J., and Chelsea; Joel, Ray, and Monique. Ashley and C.J. deceive unsuspecting pedestrians with the claim that they are collecting donations for charity. Chelsea states that she is uncomfortable with lying and refuses to participate. C.J. eventually felt guilty for deceiving and stops, but Ashley continues. In a hidden camera challenge, the contestants are tested to see if they will donate any of the $100 to a woman at a charity collection table. All of the contestants donate money with the exception of Chelsea, Ashley, Monique, and Ray.
At a fashion show, contestants model their assembled outfits for the judges who assign "price tags" to each outfit. The price of each outfit is determined by overall style as well as each contestant's behavior during the previous shopping trip. Billy is the winner and is given the $1,000,000 price tag and a $5000 shopping spree. Joel is given the $750,000 tag; Julia $500,000; Laura $100,000; Monique $10,000; Ray $1,000; Chelsea $75. Ashley and C.J. come in last place and are given $10 price tags.
On their way to the "hall of beauty", C.J. and Ashley are given a final test to see if they will help a bicycle messenger who falls off his bike in front of each of them. C.J. helps, while Ashley doesn't. In the end, Ashley is eliminated for her behavior on hidden camera, including lying in the shopping challenge, not giving money to charity, and not helping the bicycle messenger.
Beauty in Motion.
"First aired January 19, 2009
The contestants are divided into two teams for an "action photo shoot" challenge. The teams are sent to the gym for wardrobe fitting and to practice one of four different sports in preparation for a photo shoot the following day. Each team selects a team captain (Joel and C.J.), who it is later revealed will be automatically up for elimination if the team loses. The red team consists of Joel (karate), Laura (tennis), Billy (basketball), and Julia (volleyball). The blue team consists of C.J. (tennis), Monique (karate), Chelsea (volleyball), and Ray (basketball). The wardrobe assistant is actually an actress who acts as though she is having a bad day. The contestants are tested to see if they will comfort her when she is upset. Julia and C.J. are the only ones who pass the test.
After the photo shoot, the judges critique each team's photos, and pronounce the red team the winners of the challenge. As the captain of the blue team, C.J. is automatically in the bottom two, and is joined by Monique, who is told that she had the worst photo.
On their way to the "hall of beauty", C.J. and Monique are given their final test to see if they will pick up a discarded water bottle, thrown on the sidewalk in front of them. C.J. picks up the bottle and throws it in the trash, while Monique simply walks by. In the end, Monique is eliminated for saying insulting things about Chelsea, failing to comfort the wardrobe assistant, not donating money in the charity challenge, and not picking up the discarded water bottle.
Timeless Beauty.
"First aired January 26, 2009
The contestants are taken to a photo studio for a "Timeless Beauty" photo challenge. Each contestant is matched with a senior citizen, and they are asked to create a photo, style, and original slogan which illustrates the teams concept of timeless beauty. What the contestants don't know is that they are being judged on their respect for elders. In the wardrobe room, there is only one make-up chair. While most of the contestants offer this seat to their senior partner, C.J., Billy, and Joel do not. In the photo shoot, Billy doesn't appear to respect his partner's opinion, and is more concerned with how he himself looks on camera.
Back at the house, Vanessa has each of the contestants impersonate another contestant. The winner, as judged by the group, would be allowed to look at the photos. Joel wins this competition, and tells Billy that he looks "cheesy" and C.J. that the photographer selected C.J.'s least favorite pose. C.J. is upset by the news. Later, all of the contestants are allowed to see their photos, and the judges select Joel as the winner, with Billy and C.J. in the bottom two.
On their way to the "hall of beauty", Billy and C.J. are given their final test to see if they will help a young girl who is crying because she has lost her mother. Both Billy and C.J. help, staying with her until the girl's mother returns. In the end, C.J. is eliminated for his deceptive behavior in the charity challenge (episode 2), verbal outbursts at the house, and disagreement with the judges over the selection of his "best pose" in the "timeless beauty" photo shoot.
Natural Beauty.
"First aired February 2, 2009
For their first challenge, the contestants are split into teams of two and asked to select one personal item which they "cannot live without". After selecting their items, the teams are told they will be shooting a 30 second video clip for a new "organic lifestyle" company promoting "natural beauty", and the only item they will be allowed to bring along is the personal item they just selected. At the challenge, the teams (Julia & Laura, Chelsea & Ray, and Billy & Joel) hike five miles to a beach where they camp for the night. The next morning, the contestants are awakened at 5 am, and are given video cameras with which to film one another. What the contestants don't know is that they are being judged on their teamwork. While most of the contestants pass the challenge, Chelsea appears uninterested in helping Ray, and Joel is argumentative, disobeying a lifeguard's instructions.
Back at the house Vanessa reveals the results of the challenge. Billy is praised for his performance and wins the challenge. Chelsea and Joel are both criticized, placing in the bottom two.
On their way to the "hall of beauty", Chelsea and Joel are given their final test. A gardener "accidentally" sprays them in the process of watering some plants. Joel maintains his composure, while Chelsea curses. In the end, Chelsea is eliminated for her attitude towards the other contestants, lack of sympathy during the "action photo shoot" in episode 3, and cursing at the gardener.
Get Fit.
"First aired February 9, 2009
The contestants are taken to sports field for a physical fitness challenge. Each contestant must complete six different fitness tests: body composition, push-ups, pull-ups, sit-ups, flexibility, and an obstacle course. What the contestants don't know is that they are being judged on their demonstration of courtesy towards others and sportsmanship, rather than their physical performance. A group of teenage moderators and a gym teacher decides which contestant possesses the most inner and outer beauty. In the body composition test, the scale is falsely calibrated to read approximately heavier than the actual measured weight. After completing all six tests, the contestants and moderators have a lunch break. The moderators purposely group themselves unevenly between two tables, with one "lonely kid" sitting at a table by himself. Julia, who talks to the lonely kid, is the only one to pass this test. In contrast, Ray inappropriately jokes with the larger group that lonely kid "is going to grow up to be a sniper." After lunch, Vanessa tells the contestants that their physical performance in the challenge does not matter, and that the teenagers will be voting on who they feel is the most beautiful. After some deliberation, it is revealed that Joel has won the competition, Julia and Billy are safe, while Laura and Ray are up for elimination.
On their way to the "hall of beauty", Laura and Ray are given their final test. A homeless man pushing a shopping cart full of aluminum cans falls, spilling the cans on the ground. Both Laura and Ray stop to help the man, passing the test. In the end, Ray is eliminated for looking through the other contestants' files in episode one, not consoling the wardrobe assistant in episode three, making rude comments about Billy in episode five, and saying that the "lonely" kid is "going to grow up to be a sniper."
Red Carpet Mamas.
"First aired February 16, 2009
The contestants are taken to a beauty salon in preparation for a "high society function" with a "red carpet" entrance later that evening. The contestants are surprised to find out that their dates for the evening are their parents. Laura, Joel, and Julia are paired with their mothers, and Billy is paired with his father. An actor, posing as a stylist, has a private consultation with each contestant. The contestants are tested to see if they will "sell out" their fellow castmates. Both Billy and Julia pass, while both Laura and Joel make disparaging remarks about Billy, failing the test. Each parent is taken to a room with racks of clothes and asked to select a suit or dress for the son or daughter. Laura is not happy with her mother's selection, but does not publicly express her true opinion.
Later that evening, on the red carpet, the contestants are judged on their ability to "work the room", socializing with the other people at the function. What the contestants don't know is that Ashton Kutcher's mother (Diane) is there as a secret judge. At the end of the evening, Diane feels that Joel did the best, while Billy and Julia seemed to be "selling themselves", and Laura had a hard time making conversation as she was "too into herself". After some deliberation, the contestants are told that Billy has won the challenge, Julia is safe, and Joel and Laura are in the bottom two.
At the hall of beauty, Joel and Laura each plead their case. Ultimately, Laura is eliminated for being too self-absorbed, making disparaging remarks about the other contestants, looking through other contestants files in episode one, not sympathizing with the wardrobe assistant in episode three, not fully participating in the fitness challenge in episode six, and making disparaging comments about Billy in the private consultation.
Finale.
"First aired February 23, 2009
The contestants are taken to a studio for the "People" magazine challenge, which includes a one-on-one interview with Jess Cagle (an executive editor) and a photo shoot with Matthew Rolston. What the contestants don't know is that Jess is judging their grace under pressure, humility, and modesty. Both Julia and Billy pass the test, while Joel fails after making immodest comments. In her interview, Julia reveals that she had to give up her beauty pageant title after receiving a ticket for "public intoxication"; an event which she cites as her biggest regret. For the photo shoot, the contestants are dressed in only a towel and covered in oil. Julia is initially nervous about appearing semi-nude in a photograph, but overcomes her apprehension. After reviewing the photos, the contestants are told that they all performed equally well, and hence, all three will have to go to the "hall of beauty".
In the kitchen, at the house, the contestants are given a note asking them to go downstairs. Upon descending the stairs, they find an open door to a room they had not been allowed to access before. This room is the "observation room", where the judges would monitor the hidden cameras placed throughout the house. Vanessa appears on the screen and informs the contestants that they have been judged on both their inner and outer beauty. The contestants are shown a montage of clips of their worst behavior. Joel is most deeply troubled by this development, as he feels his "passion" has been misconstrued.
At the "hall of beauty", each contestant is asked to state why he or she feels that he or she should be declared the winner of the competition. First, Billy is informed that he has placed third, then Julia is declared the winner of the $100,000 prize and a photo in the "Most Beautiful People" issue of "People" magazine. Furthermore, Julia is told that she is the only one to pass all eight of the hidden camera challenges: honesty, charity, compassion, consideration, teamwork, decency, loyalty, and modesty.

</doc>
<doc id="20119328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119328" title="Believe Me (Melody song)">
Believe Me (Melody song)

"Believe Me" is the fourth single by melody. under the Toy's Factory label released June 9, 2004. The single was completed in two versions, English and Japanese, released simultaneously. The Japanese version peaked at #16 on the Oricon and sold 17,539 copies. The English version peaked at #30 on the Oricon and sold 11,950 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="20119343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119343" title="1929 Segunda División Grupo B">
1929 Segunda División Grupo B

The 1929 Segunda División Grupo B season saw 10 teams participate in the third level Spanish league. Cultural Leonesa and Real Murcia were promoted to the 1929–30 Segunda División. There were no teams relegated to another division. The following season this division renamed the Tercera División.

</doc>
<doc id="20119358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119358" title="1st Oregon Volunteer Infantry Regiment">
1st Oregon Volunteer Infantry Regiment

The 1st Oregon Volunteer Infantry Regiment was an American Civil War era military regiment recruited in Oregon for the Union Army. The regiment was formed in November 1864. At full strength, it was composed of ten companies of foot soldiers. The regiment was used to guard trade routes and escorted immigrant wagon trains from Fort Boise to the Willamette Valley. Its troops were used to pursue and suppress Indian raiders in eastern Oregon and the Idaho Territory. Several detachments accompanied survey parties and built roads in central and southern Oregon. The regiment's last company was mustered out of service on July 1867.
Background.
Following the outbreak of the Civil War in April 1861, most regular army troops were withdrawn from the Pacific Northwest for service in the war's eastern theatres. This left Oregon and the Washington and Idaho territories without sufficient troops to guard Indian reservations from trespassing miners, escort immigrant wagon trains, and protect settlers and traders from Indian raiders in eastern Oregon and southern Idaho. Oregon officials were also concerned about possible conflicts between pro-Union and pro-Confederate supporters.
As a result, the commander of the United States Army's Department of the Pacific, Brigadier General George Wright asked Oregon Governor John Whiteaker to recruit an Oregon cavalry regiment. At the same time, Wright asked Henry M. McGill, Washington Territory's acting Governor, to raise an infantry regiment in Washington. Both recruiting efforts were successful. The Washington infantry regiment was formed on 18 October 1861, and the 1st Oregon Cavalry was activated a month later on 21 November.
Formation.
The initial enlistment period for six of the seven Oregon cavalry companies and five of ten Washington infantry companies expired in the fall of 1864. As a result, Brigadier General Benjamin Alvord, the Army's senior commander in Oregon, asked Oregon's new Governor Addison C. Gibbs to raise a new infantry regiment and recruit backfills for the expected cavalry vacancies. Gibbs agreed, and formally asked Major General Irwin McDowell, who replaced Wright as commander of the Department of the Pacific, to request authority to recruit additional troops for military operations in Oregon. On 31 August 1864, Gibbs and McDowell sent a joint letter to the War Department in Washington, D.C. requesting permission to recruit a new infantry regiment and cavalry replacements. On 20 October 1864, the Governor received a positive reply from the War Department. The news arrived just one day before the end of Oregon's legislative session. Gibbs quickly asked the legislature to provide a $150 enlistment bounty, which the legislators enacted before going home.
Governor Gibbs appointed well known civic leaders as county recruiting officers to give prestige to the effort. The state's pro-union newspapers including "The Oregonian", the "Oregon Statesman", and the "Jacksonville Sentinel" all encourage young men to join the new regiment. The publicity along with the $150 bounty helped make the recruiting drive a success. The first companies of the 1st Oregon Volunteer Infantry Regiment were officially activated on 11 November 1864. By June 1865, the regiment reached ten full-strength companies. Three senior officers from the 1st Oregon Cavalry were promoted and placed in charge of the new infantry regiment. Colonel George B. Currey became the regiment's commander. Lieutenant Colonel John M. Drake was second in command, and Major William V. Rinehart was given the third most senior post.
Operations.
While scouting sixteen miles from Camp Wright on the Selvies River, near present day Burns, Captain Loren L. Williams and a party of twenty Oregon infantrymen from Company H were ambushed by a band of hostile Indians. Williams and his troops fought a harrowing retreat back to Camp Wright, defending themselves for about fifteen hours before they reached safety. All along the way Indians fired from concealed positions. At one point, they even set a brush fire in the soldiers path to prevent them from escaping. Despite their continuous attacks, the Indians only wounded two soldiers. In his report, Williams stated that his long-range rifles killed fifteen Indians. He also stated that his superior weaponry was the only thing that prevented his party from being overrun.
In the summer of 1865, Lieutenant Cyrus H. Walker and the men of Company B were responsible for disarming friendly Indians and guarding numerous wagon trains as they crossed southern Idaho. They also established Camp Reed at Salmon Falls Creek and Camp Wallace at Camas Prairie, both in Idaho. The troops built a blockhouse at Camp Wallace, but later abandoned the site in favor of winter quarters near Fort Hall.
Lieutenant William Grant and his detachment accompanied David P. Thompson and his government survey team through central Oregon as they plotted the Deschutes Meridian, a north-south line extending from the Columbia River to the California border. In another party, Lieutenant John M. McCall led a detachment of forty-eight men responsible for escorting State Surveyor Byron J. Pengra and his assistants as they surveyed the route of the Oregon Central Military Road. The route they surveyed ran from Eugene, Oregon along the Middle Fork of the Willamette River, through the Cascades near Diamond Peak, then across arid southeastern Oregon to Idaho's mining country.
Captain Franklin B. Sprague and twenty men of Company I built a section of road that linked the Rogue River with the John Day road. This connected Jacksonville and southwest Oregon with John Day's mining country. After the construction work was completed, Sprague published a list of the best camp sites along the road in the Jacksonville newspapers so that the wagon masters could find the best water and grass along the way. On 1 August 1865, two hunters from Sprague's party rediscovered Crater Lake, which had been first visited in 1853, but was never effectively recorded so that others could locate the lake. Based on directions from his hunters, Sprague and five other men visited the lake on 12 August. They climbed down the 800 foot caldera cliff to become the first explorers to reach the lake shore. Sprague's account of the visit to "Lake Majestic" was published in the "Jacksonville Sentinel" on 25 August.
Disbanding.
The remaining companies spent a long winter in field encampments waiting for orders. In February 1866, Major General Frederick Steele arrived at Fort Vancouver to take command of the Military Department of the Columbia. As soon as the weather improved he ordered the dispersed infantry units, except Captain Sprague's Company I, to report to Fort Vancouver where the volunteers were mustered out of service. Several officers were reassigned to regular Army units arriving from the east, but few were retained more than a year. On 19 July 1867, Captain Sprague, First Lieutenant Harrison B. Oatman, and the men of Company I were the last members of the 1st Oregon Volunteer Infantry Regiment to be mustered out of the Army.
Officers.
The following is a list of officers who served in the 1st Oregon Volunteer Infantry Regiment. The list was current as of 31 October 1865, the date the first members of the regiment were mustered out of service.

</doc>
<doc id="20119427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119427" title="1993 All-Pro Team">
1993 All-Pro Team

The 1993 All-Pro Team is composed of the National Football League players that were named to the Associated Press, Pro Football Writers Association, and The Sporting News All-Pro Teams in 1993. Both first and second teams are listed for the AP team. These are the three teams that are included in "Total Football II: The Official Encyclopedia of the National Football League". In 1993 the Pro Football Writers Association and Pro Football Weekly combined their All-pro teams, a practice with continues through 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20119431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119431" title="Fundación de Conservación Jocotoco">
Fundación de Conservación Jocotoco

Fundación de Conservación Jocotoco (Jocotoco Conservation Foundation) is an Ecuadorian non-governmental environmental organization. Fundación Jocotoco was established in 1998 to protect land of critical importance to the conservation of Ecuador’s endangered birds and associated biodiversity not otherwise protected by Ecuador's existing system of protected areas. The Foundation primarily achieves this aim by purchasing lands and managing them as ecological reserves.
To date, the Jocotoco Foundation has established ten reserves protecting about 12,000 ha (approx 30,000 acres). While the reserves have primarily been established to protect habitat for endangered birds, their habitats and many associated plants and animals are protected as well. The Foundation’s reserves are known to support populations of over 800 species of birds, of which over 50 are globally threatened or near-threatened and more than 100 are restricted-range or endemic species.
Fundación Jocotoco established its first reserve, the Tapichalaca Biological Reserve in 1998 to protect the type locality and main range of the newly discovered Jocotoco Antpitta ("Grallaria ridgelyi"). Robert S. Ridgely and others discovered the striking new bird species in wet upper subtropical forest in southeastern Ecuador (ca. 2,500 m elevation). The reserve now protects > 2870 hectares of forest and an associated 380+ species of birds and numerous range-restricted plants, amphibians, mammals, and invertebrates.
Since its inception, Fundación Jocotoco has greatly expanded its efforts and the organization now administers ten reserves across Ecuador. The reserves are strategically located in key areas of global biodiversity and endemism. In total, Fundación Jocotoco's reserves protect approximately 800 species birds on just ~14000 hectares of land.
Fundación Jocotoco is funded primarily by individuals through cooperation with various partner organisations, most significantly World Land Trust-US and World Land Trust (UK).
Current Fundación Jocotoco reserves and some focal bird species:
Fundación Jocotoco and its funding bodies support an active research program that seeks to gather critical baseline natural history information on the endangered birds protected in the reserves. Results of these studies will facilitate more effective conservation of the threatened species. Recent projects include:
See Fundación Jocotoco's website for more information on:

</doc>
<doc id="20119432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119432" title="A Woman with Half Soul">
A Woman with Half Soul

A Woman with Half Soul is 1973 South Korean horror film by Shin Sang-ok.

</doc>
<doc id="20119454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119454" title="Third Federal Electoral District of Chiapas">
Third Federal Electoral District of Chiapas

The Third Federal Electoral District of Chiapas "(III Distrito Electoral Federal de Chiapas)" is one of the 300 Electoral Districts into which Mexico is divided for the purpose of elections to the federal Chamber of Deputies and one of 12 such districts in the state of Chiapas.
It elects one deputy to the lower house of Congress for each three-year legislative period, by means of the first past the post system.
District territory.
The Third District of Chiapas is located in the extreme east of the state and covers much of the Lacandon Jungle.
It comprises the municipalities of Altamirano, Benemérito de las Américas, Chanal, Las Margaritas, Maravilla Tenejapa, Marqués de Comillas, Ocosingo and Oxchuc.
The district's head town "(cabecera distrital)", where results from individual polling stations are gathered together and collated, is the city of Ocosingo.
Previous districting schemes.
1996–2005 district.
Between 1996 and 2005, the Third District was broadly the same as under the current scheme, with the following differences:

</doc>
<doc id="20119462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119462" title="2008–09 Guam League">
2008–09 Guam League

Statistics of Guam League in season 2008/2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20119479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119479" title="François Affolter">
François Affolter

François Affolter (born 13 March 1991 in Biel/Bienne, Bern, Switzerland) is a Swiss football defender currently playing for FC Luzern. He made his senior debut for Young Boys at the age of 17 years old on 14 September 2008 in a 2–1 victory over AC Bellinzona, replacing Marc Schneider in the starting eleven due to suspension. Since that match, he has been a regular starter for the club in their three-man defence, alongside Saif Ghezal and Miguel Alfredo Portillo.
Before he played with the first team, he was playing with the under 18 team. He won the under 18 championship the same year. Then, he joined the first team for friendly matches in the summer of 2008 and the new BSC Young Boys trainer Vladimir Petkovic gave him his chance. Since then he played every single matches with the first team. So far, he played ten Swiss Super League matches, two Swiss Cup matches and one UEFA Cup match and never lost a match in the Swiss Super League (seven victories and three draws).
He signed his first professional contract with BSC Young Boys in November 2008. After three seasons with Young Boys, he was loaned to German club Werder Bremen.
After an unsuccessful half year at BSC Young Boys, he decided to transfer to swiss side FC Luzern for an undisclosed fee. His contract expires in June 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="20119489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119489" title="Next to You (Melody song)">
Next to You (Melody song)

"Next to You" is the fifth single by melody. under the Toy's Factory label released January 12, 2005. The single stayed on the Oricon for 6 weeks and peaked at number 14. To date, the single has sold 21,876 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="20119491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119491" title="List of threatened fauna of Michigan">
List of threatened fauna of Michigan

The list of threatened fauna of Michigan includes almost 400 endangered, threatened and special concern species that are located in Michigan as a part of the fauna of the United States. Endangered and threatened species in Michigan are protected through the Endangered Species Act of the State of Michigan, part of the 1994 Michigan Natural Resources and Environmental Protection Act. The list was last updated in 2009 to its sixth iteration. At this time, 69 new species were added, including many species of freshwater mussels and snails, and 13 species were removed. The state also recognizes species of special concern, which are not protected under the Act. These species have low or declining numbers in the state or a need for additional information on their populations in Michigan. If the species' numbers decline, they are moved to threatened or endangered status and afforded protection under the Act; if they increase, they are removed from the list without further action.
Threatened and endangered species can also be listed under the Federal Endangered Species Act, passed in 1973; the Act covers over 1,250 plant and animal species. Species can be on either list or both lists – representation on one does not automatically determine representation (or status) on the other. 
A large portion of the field surveys and research conducted with regards to threatened and endangered species in Michigan is undertaken by the Michigan Natural Features Inventory (MNFI) program. The MNFI program was originally developed in 1980 as part of the state natural heritage programs conceptualized by The Nature Conservancy (TNC), through which it received its first funding. The MNFI program severed relations with TNC in 2000, and became a program of the Michigan State University Extension Services.
Mammals.
There are twelve species of threatened mammals in Michigan. Five of these are listed as species of threatened concern, three as threatened and four as endangered. Two also have federal listed status as endangered or threatened. 
Amphibians.
There are five species and subspecies of threatened amphibians in Michigan. Two of these are listed as species of special concern, one as a threatened species and two as endangered. No amphibians with federally listed threatened status have populations in Michigan. 
Reptiles.
There are eleven species and subspecies of threatened reptiles in Michigan. Of these, six are listed as species of special concern, three as threatened and two as endangered. One species has federal listed status as threatened, while another is a candidate for federal listing. 
Birds.
There are 42 threatened species and subspecies of birds in Michigan. Of these, 18 are listed as species of threatened concern, 14 as threatened and 9 as endangered. One additional species is listed as extinct in Michigan, although it previously had a population in the state. Two species have federal listed status as endangered. 
Fish.
There are 35 species and subspecies of threatened fish in Michigan. Of these, eight are species of special concern, nine are threatened and another nine are listed as endangered. An additional nine species that previously had populations in Michigan are now considered extinct in that state. None of the federally listed species of threatened fish have populations in Michigan. 
Insects.
Butterflies and moths.
There are 53 species and subspecies of threatened butterflies and moths in Michigan. Of these, 40 are listed as species of special concern, 8 as threatened and 5 as endangered. Two species are also listed as federally endangered, while another is a candidate for federal listing. 
Beetles.
There are six species of threatened beetles in Michigan. Of these, three are species of special concern, one is threatened and one is endangered. One additional species is extinct in Michigan, although it previously had a viable population in the state. Two species of beetles with populations in Michigan are listed as federally endangered. 
Cicadas and hoppers.
There are seven species of threatened cicadas and hoppers with populations in Michigan. Of these, five are listed as species of special concern and two as threatened species. There are no federally listed species with populations in Michigan. 
Damselflies and dragonflies.
There are 15 species of threatened damselflies and dragonflies in Michigan. Of these, twelve are listed as species of special concern, two as threatened and one as endangered. The state-listed endangered species is also listed as federally endangered. 
Grasshoppers and crickets.
There are 14 species of threatened grasshoppers and crickets in Michigan. Thirteen of these are listed as species of special concern, while the remaining species is listed as threatened. There are no federally listed species with populations in Michigan. 
Bees.
There are two species of threatened bees in Michigan, both of which are members of the genus "Bombus" and are listed as species of special concern. There are no federally listed bee species with populations in Michigan. 
Caddisflies.
There is one species of threatened caddisfly in Michigan, which is listed as a species of special concern and is not found on the federal listing of endangered species. 
Dobsonflies and fishflies.
There is one species of threatened dobsonfly in Michigan and no species of threatened fishflies. The single threatened member of this group is listed as a species of special concern, and is not found on the federal listing. 
Mayflies.
There are three species of threatened mayflies with populations in Michigan, all of which are listed as species of special concern. None are found on the federal listing. 
Freshwater mussels.
There are 28 species and subspecies of threatened freshwater mussels in Michigan. Of these, 9 are species of special concern, 6 are listed as threatened and 13 are endangered. Six are also federally listed as endangered.
Land and freshwater snails.
There are 61 species and subspecies of threatened land and freshwater snails in Michigan. Of these, 38 are species of special concern, 10 are listed as threatened and 13 are listed as endangered. No federally listed species of snails have populations in Michigan. 
Fingernail and pea clams.
There are seven threatened species of fingernail and pea clams in Michigan, all listed as species of special concern. None of the species with populations in Michigan are federally listed as threatened. 
References.
General
Specific

</doc>
<doc id="20119495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119495" title="We Used to Be Friends">
We Used to Be Friends

"We Used to Be Friends" is a song by American alternative rock band The Dandy Warhols. It was released as the lead single from their fourth studio album, "Welcome to the Monkey House", on 23 April 2003. The single failed to chart in the US but peaked at No. 18 in the UK. The song is known for being the theme song to the TV series "Veronica Mars", and was also notably featured in an episode of the "The O.C.", the "FIFA Football 2004" soundtrack and is also the theme song to Australian reality series, "My Restaurant Rules". (In his appearance on Australian music game show "Spicks and Specks", Courtney Taylor-Taylor expressed that he had not heard of "My Restaurant Rules" and did not see the connection between restaurants and the subject matter of the song.) 
Background.
The song bears a similar bass riff and vocal melody to that of a Feeder song "Day In Day Out", and the band have listed Grant Nicholas as co-writer.
Critical reception.
"NME" praised the track, describing it as "a synthetic chatter of robotic handclaps and tweaky guitar fuzz, creamed off with a squeaky-clean chorus delivered in alarming falsetto".

</doc>
<doc id="20119525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119525" title="Ripazepam">
Ripazepam

Ripazepam is a pyrazolodiazepinone derivative structurally related to certain benzodiazepine drugs, especially zolazepam. It has anxiolytic effects.
Nordin, I. C.; 1971, .

</doc>
<doc id="20119554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119554" title="Realize/Take a Chance">
Realize/Take a Chance

"Realize/Take a Chance" is the sixth single by melody. under the Toy's Factory label released August 17, 2005. The single stayed on the Oricon for 14 weeks and peaked at number 6. To date, the single has sold 127,869 copies. This is melody.'s best-selling single. It was used as the drama Dragon Zakura's theme song.

</doc>
<doc id="20119564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119564" title="Fourth Federal Electoral District of Chiapas">
Fourth Federal Electoral District of Chiapas

The Fourth Federal Electoral District of Chiapas "(IV Distrito Electoral Federal de Chiapas)" is one of the 300 Electoral Districts into which Mexico is divided for the purpose of elections to the federal Chamber of Deputies and one of 12 such districts in the state of Chiapas.
It elects one deputy to the lower house of Congress for each three-year legislative period, by means of the first past the post system.
District territory.
The Fourth District of Chiapas is located in the north-western portion of the state and
covers the municipalities of Amatán, Berriozábal, Coapilla, Copainalá, Ixtacomitán, Ixtapangajoya, Juárez, Ocozocoautla de Espinosa, Ostuacán, Pichucalco, Reforma, San Fernando, Solosuchiapa, Sunuapa and Tecpatán.
The district's head town "(cabecera distrital)", where results from individual polling stations are gathered together and collated, is the city of Ocozocoautla de Espinosa.
Previous districting schemes.
1996–2005 district.
Between 1996 and 2005, the Fourth District had a different configuration. It was still centred on Ocozocoautla de Espinosa but covered:

</doc>
<doc id="20119568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119568" title="Asoka de Silva">
Asoka de Silva

Asoka de Silva may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20119580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119580" title="See You...">
See You...

"See You..." is the seventh single by melody. under the Toy's Factory label released February 15, 2006. It was produced by Taku Takahashi of M-Flo. The single stayed on the Oricon for 5 weeks and peaked at number 19. To date, the single has sold 13,070 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="20119592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119592" title="Luge at the 2010 Winter Olympics">
Luge at the 2010 Winter Olympics

The luge competition events of the 2010 Winter Olympics were held between 13 and 17 February 2010 at the Whistler Sliding Centre in Whistler, British Columbia, Canada.
Medal summary.
Events.
Three luge events were held at the games:
Competition schedule.
All times are Pacific Standard Time (UTC-8).
Qualifying.
Athlete/NOC quota.
In accordance with the International Olympic Committee and the International Luge Federation (FIL), 110 athletes were to be allowed to take part. This was to include 40 athletes for men's singles, 30 athletes for women's singles, and 20 doubles teams (40 athletes total). The 110-athlete maximum was set for the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City, Utah, United States, and repeated for the 2006 Winter Olympics in Turin, Italy. Each NOC could enter up to 10 athletes (3 men's single, 3 women's single and 2 doubles).
Qualification system.
Athletes were to be ranked by the number of world cup points they earned in the 2008–09 season and through the first half (before 31 December) of the 2009–10 season. To be eligible, athletes must either have earned medals and the world cup points in five World Cups, Nations Cup or Junior World Cup, or have a top-30 (men's single), top-20 (women's single) or top-16 (doubles) finish at the world cup during the qualification period. The top-40 men's single, top-30 women's single and top-20 doubles sleds were to be qualified for the Olympics, with unused quotas to be redistributed with priority given to unrepresented nations. The host nation (Canada) was to be guaranteed a sled in every event provided that they reached the minimum requirements.
Final quotas.
<br>
+Romanian luger Violeta Strămăturaru withdrew following concussion sustained during training.
Jury selection.
On 15 June 2009, the FIL announced their jury members for the 2010 Winter Olympics. The jury was to be headed by Josef Benz (Switzerland, chair of the FIL Sport Commission. Other jury members included Zianbeth Shattuck-Owen (United States), luge manager for the 2002 Games, and Markus Schmidt (Austria), men's singles bronze medalist at the 1992 Winter Olympics in Albertville, France. Technical Delegate Executive Board consists of Björn Drydahl (Norway), Marie-Luise Rainer (Italy) and Walter Corey (Canada).
Doping control.
On 21 July 2009, the FIL announced that blood doping controls would take place at the Olympics for the first time. FIL President Josef Fendt stated during the 57th Congress in Liberec, Czech Republic, that no positive test had occurred during the Viessmann World Cup or FIL ...[ European and World]... events despite the random testing done by the World Anti-Doping Agency. The last two doping offenses that occurred in the FIL to cannabis abuse and both athletes were punished by their national federations.
Fatality.
The Whistler Sliding Centre is acknowledged as the fastest track in the world and has a reputation of the most dangerous one. In the build-up to the games several teams had raised concerns about the safety of athletes. An FIL spokesman said on 12 February that there had been 2,500 runs with only a three-percent crash rate. However, a week prior to the incident athletes were remarking on the speed and technical difficulty of the track. Several minor accidents occurred on the track during training runs leading up to the start of the games.
During a training session on 12 February, the Georgian luger Nodar Kumaritashvili died of injuries caused by a crash in the final turn of the course at speeds of , crashing into the side of the turn, sending him crashing into a steel support pillar. The FIL immediately called an emergency meeting after the incident, and all other training runs were called off for the day.
Investigations were conducted the same day, concluding that the accident was not caused by deficiencies in the track. As a preventative measure, the walls at the exit of curve 16 will be raised and a change in the ice profile will be made. A joint statement was issued by the FIL, the International Olympic Committee (IOC), and the Vancouver Organizing Committee (VANOC) over Kumaritashvili's death with training suspended for the rest of that day. According to the Coroners Service of British Columbia and the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP), the cause was to Kumaritashvili coming out of turn 15 late and not compensating for turn 16. Because of this fatality, an extra of wall was added after the end of Turn 16 and the ice profile was changed. It also moved the men's singles luge event from its starthouse to the one for both the women's singles and men's doubles event. Kumaritashvili is the first Olympic athlete to die at the Winter Olympics in training since 1992 and the first luger to die in a practice event at the Winter Olympics since Kazimierz Kay-Skrzypeski of Great Britain was killed at the luge track used for the 1964 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck. It was also luge's first fatality since 10 December 1975 when an Italian luger was killed.
The women's singles and men's doubles start was moved to the Junior start house of the track, located after turn 5. Germany's Natalie Geisenberger complained that it was not a women's start but more of a "kinder" ("child" in German) start. Her teammate Tatjana Hüfner who had the fastest speed on two runs of stated that the new start position "..does not help good starters like myself". American Erin Hamlin stated the track was still demanding even after the distance was lessened from and that athletes were still hitting . However, media reports noted that as a result of the changes there were no major crashes during the men's singles competition.
During a 14 February 2010 interview with Yahoo! Sports, FIL Secretary-General Svein Romstad stated that the federation considered cancelling the luge competition in the wake of Kumaritashvili's death two days earlier. Romstad stated that " ... made a mistake" on the crash, but also stated that "...any fatality is unnacceptable". Additionally, Romstad stated that the start houses were moved to their current locations "... mostly for an emotional reason". Because of Kumaritashvili's death, the FIL is working with the organizing committee for the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi over making the Sliding Center Sanki in Rzhanaya Polyana slower.
Despite the changes, and celebrations by the victorious athletes, Kumaritashvili's death overshadowed the race. Some athletes who participated in the competition said they were scared during their runs, and welcomed the track changes. Others criticized the changes as having given an advantage to stronger starters like the German participants, as opposed to weaker starters who would have benefited from having a longer course. Argentina's Ruben Gonzalez said, "God blessed the Germans today."
However, media reports mentioned the changes positively after a doubles team, Austria's Tobias and Markus Schiegl, crashed in the same turn where Kumaritashvili was killed. Both of them emerged unhurt.
On 18 February 2010, FIL President Josef Fendt issued the following statement:
"At the conclusion of the luge competition at the Vancouver 2010 Olympic Games, our thoughts are with the family of Nodar Kumaritashvili. We again offer our heartfelt condolences to them, to his friends and to the entire Georgian Luge Federation. Nodar Kumaritashvili will forever stay in the hearts of all the members of the Luge family. 
<br>
This has also been a difficult time for the Olympic athletes who competed in these Games. Their solidarity and sportsmanship was a tribute to the friend we lost. The International Luge Federation is touched by the outpouring of compassion and sympathy from people around the world. We will leave Whistler determined to do all we can to prevent a recurrence of this tragic event."
During the ten actual competitive runs (four men single, four women single, and two doubles), there was only one crash which was Romania's Mihaela Chiras during the second run of the women's singles event. 12,000 spectators attended each of the five days of luge competition.
On 23 March 2010, FIL President Fendt, VANOC President John Furlong, 2010 men's singles gold medalist Felix Loch of Germany visited Kumaritashvili's grave in his hometown of Bakuriani to pay respects as part of tradition in the Georgian Orthodox Church. 
The FIL published their reports in regards to Kumaritashvili's death following the FIL Commissions Meeting in St. Leonhard, Austria (near Salzburg) for both sport and technical commissions on 9–11 April 2010. This report was prepared by Romstad and Claire DelNegro, Vice-President Sport Artificial Track, who is from the United States.
Television ratings.
Ratings in Germany for the luge events had six million viewers for the women's singles luge events, generating a 25.6 percent share and a 34 ranking according to ARD and ZDF. The last run of the men's singles event had a share of 30.3 percent (1.82 million viewers) while the third run of the event had been watched by 5.32 million viewers (17.1 percent market share). Despite being broadcast in the middle of the night in Germany, the doubles event had a 22.6 percent market share.

</doc>
<doc id="20119612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119612" title="Duncan Wright">
Duncan Wright

Duncan Wright (born 28 August 1940 is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the first part of the 1960s.
A half back flanker, Wright made his VFL debut mid year in 1960 after arriving at the club from Alphington. He had to wait until 1963 to make another senior appearance and in 1964 was a member of Collingwood's losing grand final side.
Wright is best remembered for an incident in the opening quarter of the 1965 preliminary final when he knocked his opponent, John Somerville of Essendon, unconscious behind play. Somerville missed the following week's grand final which Essendon won while Wright never played in the VFL again after being sacked at preseason training in 1966. He instead moved to Canberra and became coach of Acton.

</doc>
<doc id="20119634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119634" title="Philippine Journal of Allied Health Sciences">
Philippine Journal of Allied Health Sciences

The Philippine Journal of Allied Health Sciences is the official scientific journal of the University of Santo Tomas' Center for Research on Movement Science and is published biannually. It is a peer reviewed journal which encourages authors to publish original scholarly articles in the field of human biomechanics, exercise physiology, physical activity in pediatrics and geriatrics, ergonomics, physiologic profiling of athletes, sports injury monitoring, and clinical practice patterns. The editor in chief is Janine Margarita R. Dizon.

</doc>
<doc id="20119651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119651" title="Eleventeen">
Eleventeen

Eleventeen can refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="20119653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119653" title="Sauna (disambiguation)">
Sauna (disambiguation)

Sauna may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20119656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119656" title="Nordic combined at the 2010 Winter Olympics">
Nordic combined at the 2010 Winter Olympics

The nordic combined competition of the 2010 Winter Olympics was held at Whistler Olympic Park. The events were held between 14 and 25 February 2010. Sprint and individual Gundersen events of 7.5 km and 15 km events were replaced by two 10 km individual events with one jump each from the normal and large hills respectively. Team event went from two jumps down for one jump per team member. This was done during the 2008-09 Nordic Combined World Cup season and was also applied to the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2009 in Liberec, Czech Republic.
Medal summary.
Events.
Three nordic combined events were held in Vancouver 2010 (all participants are men):
Competition Schedule.
All times are Pacific Standard Time (UTC-8).
Qualification.
For the three events, there are a maximum 55 athletes allowed to compete. No nation can have more than five skiers. For each event, no nation can enter more than four skiers per nation per individual event or one team per nation per relay race.
Host nation Canada is expected to enter skiers in all events. If no skier meets the qualification standards, they can enter one skier per event.
Quota allocation per nation was based on the World Ranking List (WRL) based on Nordic Combined World Cup and Grand Prix points, followed by Continental Cup Standings from the 2008-09 and 2009-10 Nordic Combined World Cup. This was made by assigning one quota slot per skier from the top of the standings downwards until the maximum five slots have been reached, including host nation Canada. When 50 slots are reached in an event where less than ten nations have a minimum of four skiers allocated slot (and the nationa is entered in the team event), the next nation with three skiers will be given a fourth slot until ten nations can compete in the team event. Any open quota slots will be allocated until the maximum 55 skiers can be reached, including host nation Canada. This process started on 18 January 2010 and will run until 28 January 2010. Deadline to VANOC is 1 February 2010.
If a skier from a nation selected for an event cannot compete due to injury or force majeure prior to the start of the first event based on quota allocation, a replacement can be used once the removed skier surrenders their accreditation prior to their replacement can be accredited.
Participating nations.
A quota list was released by the FIS on 18 January 2010.
14 countries participated, with number of athletes in parenthesis.

</doc>
<doc id="20119670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119670" title="Invitation (Joe Sample album)">
Invitation (Joe Sample album)

Invitation is a 1993 album by jazz pianist Joe Sample released through Warner Bros. Records. This album contains reinterpretations (remakes) of jazz standard compositions written by artists such as Duke Ellington, Johnny Mercer, among others (as listed in parentheses in the track list). This is more of a jazz/classical crossover album with orchestral arrangements by Dale Oheler.
According to the Billboard charts, in 1993, "Invitation" reached #1 in the "top Jazz albums" category and got to #43 in the "top R&B/Hip-Hop albums". Overall, it peaked #194 in the "Top 200 Albums".[]

</doc>
<doc id="20119671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119671" title="Déjà Vu (Something for Kate song)">
Déjà Vu (Something for Kate song)

Déjà Vu is a 2003 single by Australian rock group Something for Kate. This was the single to be released from the album The Official Fiction and remains part of the band's live set today. The song was awarded Australian Rolling Stone's Single of the Year in 2003.
Music video.
A music video directed by Grant Marshall was produced to promote the single.
Tracklistings.
Australian CD

</doc>
<doc id="20119703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119703" title="Battle of Tweebosch">
Battle of Tweebosch

In the Battle of Tweebosch or De Klipdrift on 7 March 1902, a Boer commando led by Koos de la Rey defeated a British column under the command of Lieutenant General Lord Methuen during the final months of the Second Boer War. 
Background.
In order to trap the Boer guerrillas in the Orange Free State, Lord Kitchener built lines of blockhouses connected with barbed wire. But there was not enough water in the Western Transvaal to employ the blockhouse system. Instead, he unleashed nine columns to hunt down De la Rey and the other Boer commanders in the area. On 24 February 1902, De la Rey pounced on a wagon convoy commanded by Lieutenant Colonel S. B. Von Donop. For the loss of 51 Boers, De la Rey killed, wounded or captured 12 officers and 369 men. In response, Methuen tried to track the Boer leader down. 
Battle.
Less than two weeks later, De la Rey ambushed Methuen's column at Tweebosch on the Little Harts River. The British force numbered 1250, including nearly 1000 mounted men and four guns. Methuen's force was largely made up of green troops; these panicked and fled or surrendered. Only the British regulars in the column fought stubbornly in the combat which lasted from dawn until 9:30 am. The British lost 200 killed and wounded, plus 600 men and all four guns captured. After being wounded twice and suffering a broken leg when his horse fell on him, Methuen was captured. He was the only general taken prisoner by the Boers during the war.
Aftermath.
De la Rey sent the wounded Methuen to a British hospital in his own carriage under a flag of truce, despite demands from his own troops to execute him. The Boers court-martialed De la Rey for freeing such a valuable prisoner, but after convincing the court that Methuen would withdraw from the war, he was let off.
Upon hearing news of the disaster, a badly shaken Kitchener retired to his bedroom for two days and refused to eat. Recovering his poise, he ordered heavy reinforcements sent to the Western Tranvaal and appointed Colonel Ian Hamilton to coordinate the British effort. On 11 April, one of Hamilton's columns beat the Boers at the Battle of Rooiwal. 
The defeat at Tweebosch had far-reaching consequences. In addition to the 68 killed, 121 wounded and 205 captured (including a general), 6 guns had also been taken and the biggest British force in the Western Transvaal neutralised. Questions were asked in parliament as to why Methuen had not been recalled following his defeat at Magersfontein. On the Boer side, there was a feeling that an honourable end could be found to the war.
Metheun escaped with his career intact, with the War Office and Kitchener taking the brunt of criticism for providing him with green troops. On 9 April, Boer and British delegations convened to discuss a negotiated surrender, which was signed on 31 May.

</doc>
<doc id="20119714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119714" title="Short track speed skating at the 2010 Winter Olympics">
Short track speed skating at the 2010 Winter Olympics

The short track speed skating competition at the Vancouver 2010 Olympics was held at Pacific Coliseum 13–26 February 2010.
China dominated the competition, sweeping the women's events - winning gold in the 500 m, 1,000 m 1,500 m and 3000 m relay. Wang Meng won three gold medals becoming the most accomplished female short track speed skater in Olympic history and Apolo Ohno became the most decorated Winter Olympian in US history with 8 medals.
Haralds Silovs of Latvia became the first athlete in Olympic history to participate in both short track (1500m) and long track (5000m) speed skating, and the first to compete in two different disciplines on the same day. He competed in the 5000m and then raced across town to the 1500m event.
Competition schedule.
All times are Pacific Standard Time (UTC-8).
Participating nations.
The quotas were announced on November 23, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20119720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119720" title="Ted Hughes (judge)">
Ted Hughes (judge)

Edward N. "Ted" Hughes is a retired Canadian judge. He is best known for overseeing prominent investigations in Manitoba, Saskatchewan and British Columbia, one of which led to the resignation of Premier Bill Vander Zalm.
Hughes's wife, Helen Hughes, has been a city councillor in Saskatoon and Victoria.
Career before 1990.
Hughes was born in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan. He earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Saskatchewan near the end of World War II, and began practising law in Saskatoon in 1952. He became a judge in 1962, and was promoted to the Saskatchewan Court of Queen's Bench in 1974. He was an executor of John Diefenbaker's estate, after the former prime minister's death in 1979.
Hughes stepped down from the bench in 1980, when he moved to British Columbia to become a legal advisor to the provincial Attorney-General. He was appointed as Deputy Attorney-General of British Columbia in 1983, and chaired a series of public hearings into the government's cuts to legal aid in 1984.
Career after 1990.
British Columbia.
Hughes was appointed as British Columbia's first Conflict-of-interest Commissioner in 1990. In 1991, British Columbia Premier Bill Vander Zalm was accused of inappropriate behaviour in the sale of his family's Fantasy Gardens theme park, which was purchased by Taiwanese billionaire Tan Yu in 1990. The sale was announced one day after Tan had met with provincial Finance Minister Mel Couvelier in Vander Zalm's office. The premier initially said that he was not involved in either the operation or sale of his family business, but when documents released in a separate court case indicated otherwise, he asked Hughes to investigate the matter. Opposition leader Mike Harcourt was consulted prior to Hughes's appointment, and gave his approval.
Hughes' report found that Vander Zalm had mixed private business with public responsibilities on several occasions, and had violated provincial conflict-of-interest guidelines. He also indicated that Vander Zalm was apparently sincere, but mistaken, in believing that he had not violated guidelines in arranging Tan's meeting with Couvelier. Vander Zalm resigned as premier after the report was submitted.
In 1992, Hughes ruled that Forestry Minister Dan Miller had put himself in a conflict by approving the sale of Westar Timber Ltd.'s forest assets in northwestern B.C. to Repap Enterprises Ltd. At the time, Miller was on a leave of absence from a subsidiary of Repap. He was suspended from cabinet for three months. While Hughes's findings were not questioned, some journalists argued that the province's conflict-of-interest rules were defined too broadly after Vander Zalm's resignation, that the sale was a routine transfer, and that Miller did not stand to benefit personally.
Hughes later investigated Mike Harcourt, who became premier after the 1991 provincial election, over a possible conflict-of-interest involving a former campaign advisor who had started a company called NOW Communications Inc.. The company specialized in social marketing, and received several contracts from the provincial government. Harcourt testified that he played no role in granting the contracts, and the matter ultimately came to nothing.
Hughes briefly resigned as Conflict-of-Interest Commissioner in 1996, following what he described as pressure by Glen Clark, Harcourt's successor as premier. He was reinstated two days later. He ostepped down from the position in May 1997.
In September 1992, Hughes issued a report asserting that sexual discrimination against women pervaded every aspect of the provincial justice system, including hiring practices and the handling of sexual assault cases. He said that he was most disturbed by the testimony of sexual assault and family violence victims, and that he was surprised by the extent of violence in British Columbia society.
Hughes chaired a Justice Reform Committee in 1997–98 that led to significant changes to British Columbia's judicial structure. Hughes also served as chief federal negotiator in talks with ten indigenous groups on Vancouver Island in this period, and was a member of the British Columbia Press Council.
In 1998, Hughes was appointed to take over an existing inquiry into whether Royal Canadian Mounted Police officers had acted improperly against protesters at the 1997 Asia-Pacific Summit. The inquiry, under the auspices of the RCMP Public Complaints Commission, had previously been led by a three-member panel, which itself became caught up in scandal and controversy. Although some believed the scope of the inquiry was too narrow, Hughes's appointment was welcomed by all parties. After some delays, he issued his report in August 2001. Hughes found evidence of widespread police incompetence, and wrote that RCMP actions sometimes provoked violence and deprived protesters of their constitutional rights. He concluded that "police performance did not meet an acceptable and expected standard of competence, professionalism and proficiency", and recommended a series of reforms. Hughes also criticized Jean Carle, a member of the Prime Minister's Office, for "throwing his weight around" and attempting to interfere with security arrangements. The report nonetheless vindicated Staff Sgt. Hugh Stewart, who had been widely criticized for his use of pepper spray against demonstrators. Hughes determined that Stewart made "some unfortunate decisions", but that he had been placed in a situation "that was unfair to him". RCMP Commissioner Giuliano Zaccardelli accepted Hughes's finding that the RCMP made errors in planning for the summit.
In 2005, the provincial government of Gordon Campbell appointed Hughes to examine British Columbia's method of reviewing child deaths, following the violent death of an aboriginal girl in foster care. In his report, Hughes blamed a constant turnover in leadership, major policy shifts, and the Campbell government's budget cuts for undermining the system. He recommended the creation of a new, independent body to oversee provincial child welfare, and advised that the government pay particular attention to the needs of aboriginal communities. Hughes added that if the government did not take steps to improve the situation, he would conduct a speaking tour of the province to shame it into action. The following month, Attorney-General Wally Oppal tabled legislation to establish a new, independent watchdog organization for children's services.
In early 2007, Hughes was appointed to a mediation panel looking into lawsuits filed by a group of Indo-Canadian veterinarians, who argued that they had been discriminated against.
Hughes is currently leading a coalition against homelessness in Victoria. He spoke at a drop-in centre in 2008, informing homeless persons of their rights following a court decision that struck down a municipal bylaw against camping in public spaces.
Manitoba.
In 1991, Manitoba Justice Minister James McCrae appointed Hughes to lead an investigation into the unusual circumstances which led to Harvey Pollock being arrested on a dubious sexual assault charge. Pollock had previously acted as the lawyer for the family of J.J. Harper, an aboriginal leader who had been killed in a confrontation with Winnipeg police. The case against Pollock quickly fell apart in court, and the woman whose statements initiated the charge indicated that she never accused Pollock of sexual assault in her discussions with police. Pollock believed that he was the target of a police vendetta. Hughes' report completely vindicated Pollock, and led to the resignation of police chief Herb Stephen.
A serious riot broke out at that Headingley Correctional Institution in 1996, leaving several guards and prisoners injured and the prison itself in ruins. Hughes was appointed to conduct an independent inquiry into the cause of the riot by Rosemary Vodrey, McCrae's successor as Justice Minister. Hughes concluded that the prison had been a social powder keg prior to the riot, and that morale among prison guards was extremely low. He noted that 70–80% of inmates in Manitoba prisons were aboriginal, and called for a national initiative to target social inequality and other roots causes of crime. In a subsequent interview, Hughes said that governments should give safety of person and property the same importance as education and health.
Saskatchewan.
In 1992, Saskatchewan Justice Minister Bob Mitchell appointed Hughes to lead a judicial review into the shooting death of Leo LaChance, a Cree trapper, by Carney Milton Nerland, a member of the Aryan Nations white supremacist group. Nerland was sentenced to four years in prison after pleading guilty to manslaughter; many believed that the sentence was inappropriate, and that he should have been charged with murder. The inquiry was permitted to look beyond the shooting, and investigate the activities of racist groups in Saskatchewan. Hughes's report concluded that racism had played a role in LeChance's death, but added that police and prosecutors had acted in good faith and that a murder charge probably would not have been sustained. Alphonse Bird, chief of the Prince Albert Tribal Council welcomed the report's findings, but criticized the lack of recommendations.
During the course of the inquiry, Hughes asked the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) to name an informant who was described as holding a vested interest in the outcome of the inquiry. The RCMP declined, and speculation arose that the manslaughter plea-bargain was arranged to keep the police's spy network in place. Reports later surfaced that Nerland was the informant. The commission was not permitted to address this subject.
The North and aboriginal conflict resolution.
Hughes served as Conflict of Interest Commissioner for the Yukon and the Northwest Territories after 2001.
In 2003, Hughes agreed to serve a two-year term as Chief Adjudicator for an Alternative Dispute Resolution process involving survivors of abuse in Canada's residential school abuse. The program was formally launched in November 2003.
Critical assessments.
"Globe and Mail" columnist Robert Sheppard once described Hughes as having earned a reputation as "a scrupulously fair arbiter for all the tough political cases". A political scientist at the University of Victoria wrote that he was sometimes considered to possess "the wisdom of a Solomon". Most other assessments of Hughes agree with this position. One of the few public figures to have criticized Hughes is Bill Vander Zalm, who said in a 1996 interview he believed Hughes had an agenda against him.
Hughes was appointed an Officer in the Order of Canada in 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="20119729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119729" title="Skeleton at the 2010 Winter Olympics">
Skeleton at the 2010 Winter Olympics

The skeleton competition of the Vancouver 2010 Olympics was held at Whistler Sliding Centre. The events were held between the 18 and 19 February 2010. This event was expanded to four runs over two days beginning at these Olympic Games.
Events.
Two skeleton events was held at Vancouver 2010:
Competition Schedule.
All times are Pacific Standard Time (UTC-8).
Practice.
Practice was scheduled to begin 15 February 2010 with the field being named the night before. 28 men and 22 women were scheduled to compete. Each skeleton racer was allowed six training runs. Canada's Mellissa Hollingsworth and Jon Montgomery had the fastest first and second runs for the women's and men's practice time on the 15th respectively with the third and fourth runs taking place on the 16th. It also marked the first time that training had resumed on the entire length of the Sliding Centre since the death of Georgian luger Nodar Kumaritashvili three days earlier. Montgomery and Hollingsworth had the fastest times on the 16th with the last training runs taking place on 17th at 09:00 PST. On the 17th, both Hollingsworth and Montgomery had the fastest runs again.
Qualifying.
Men's Qualification.
The qualification was based on the 2009/2010 FIBT ranking list from January 17, 2010. A slider must be in the top 60 to be eligible for the Olympics. All current quota places are pending re-allocation of unwanted quotas and re-allocation quotas will go to unrepresented continents in priority.
Women's Qualification.
Only sliders in the top 50 of the FIBT ranking may qualify for the Olympics.
Romania was allocated the last quota from The Netherlands on 26 January 2010.
Athlete/NOC quota.
50 athletes are allowed to compete in accordance with the International Olympic Committee and the International Bobsleigh and Tobogganing Federation (FIBT). This includes 30 for the men's event and 20 for the women's event.
Qualification system.
Athletes from five continents recognized by the FIBT are eligible to compete: Africa, Americas (North and South), Asia, Europe, and Oceania. Each continent has a maximum of one two-man or one four-man team and one two-woman team allowed. If no driver can meet these standards, the continent will not be represented. The best result of each driver will be ranked by the FIBT, including World Cup and lesser known Cup. These races scored are the same ones as the World Cup event. These skeleton racers must rank among the top 50 for men and top 40 for women in the FIBT for the 2009–10 season by 17 January 2010, held at St. Moritz, Switzerland. Each country is limited to a maximum of three per gender. For men's skeleton, three countries can send three teams, seven countries can send two teams, and seven more countries can send one team. For women's skeleton, two countries can send three teams, four countries can send two teams, and six countries can send one team. For both events, the host country is included provided they meet the minimum requirements. The NOCs must declare their entries by 22 January 2010. Entering the World Cup event in St. Moritz, the top two countries to have three women's skeleton competitors were Canada and Great Britain. For men's skeleton, the top three countries to have three teams were Germany, Canada, and the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="20119732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119732" title="Ralph Lancaster">
Ralph Lancaster

Ralph Lancaster (25 November 1907 – 28 August 1942) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Geelong in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Lancaster was recruited locally, from Geelong College. A rover, he kicked 20 goals in his debut season and the following year was a reserve in Geelong's 1930 VFL Grand Final loss to Collingwood.
During World War II, Lancaster served in New Guinea as a Gunner with the Royal Australian Artillery and died on 28 August 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="20119747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119747" title="List of games distributed by Red Ant Enterprises">
List of games distributed by Red Ant Enterprises

Red Ant Enterprises was an Australia-based producer and distributor of video games for multiple platforms, as well as videos and software. The company went into receivership in January, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20119768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119768" title="HNoMS Sleipner">
HNoMS Sleipner

Three ships of the Royal Norwegian Navy have borne the name HNoMS "Sleipner", after Sleipnir - Odin's magical eight-legged steed, and the greatest of all horses:

</doc>
<doc id="20119772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119772" title="Vampire Racecourse">
Vampire Racecourse

"Vampire Racecourse" is a song by The Sleepy Jackson released as the first single from their debut album "Lovers". The song peaked at #71 in Australia and #50 in the UK.

</doc>
<doc id="20119773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119773" title="Banc Ty'nddôl sun-disc">
Banc Ty'nddôl sun-disc

The Banc Ty'nddôl sun-disc is a small, decorated, gold ornament discovered at Cwmystwyth, Ceredigion, Wales. It most likely was part of a funerary garment and is more than 4,000 years old, which makes it the earliest gold artifact found in Wales. 
It was discovered on October 16, 2002 by a team of archaeologists who were investigating the site of Roman and Medieval lead smelting hearths below the Bronze Age copper mine on Copa Hill.
History.
The area around Cwmystwyth, has been mined for lead and copper for more than 4,000 years, almost since the beginning of metalworking in Britain.
Site excavation.
Excavation now has shown that these mining sites date to the Roman (first century AD) and Early Medieval (ninth to twelfth century AD) periods, but one of the most important finds of the excavation was the gold disc about the size of a milk-bottle top, which pre-dated these discoveries by more than 2,000 years.
At the time of its discovery, it seemed uncertain as to whether the gold object had ever been intentionally deposited; no earlier archaeological features were at that time identified, whilst its shallow find-spot suggested that it had been disturbed and re-deposited some distance downslope from its original burial context. However, the object was at that time identified and reported to HM Coroner for Ceredigion as a Treasure find on 30 October 2002, whilst further study of the find continued, and a follow-up investigation of the find spot was planned. Given concerns over the possibility of further artefacts remaining within the ground by virtue of association with the disc, also potential treasure, re-excavation of the site took place in March 2003, with funding from the National Museums and Galleries of Wales.
Samples of soil containing degraded bone fragments were collected for dating along with charcoal from in and around the grave. Insufficient collagen survived to provide any sort of reliable date from the bone, whilst the three samples of charcoal recovered from the grave fill proved to be intrusive; one suggesting Mesolithic activity associated with the pre-burial land surface (OxA-12983: 8850 ± 40 CalBC), another a Late Roman date for the ground surface covering the edge of the grave (OxA-12955: 1675 ± 28 Cal AD), whilst the third consisted of a single piece of oak charcoal derived from the Early Medieval smelting horizon above (OxA-12956: 1264 ± 27 Cal AD). Whilst not providing us with any clear answer, these results do at least support the possibility of a prehistoric burial.
Upon further investigation it was determined that the absence of identifiable skeletal remains and of only a thin film with insufficient collagen, precluded accurate Carbon-14 (C14) dating.
Detailed description.
The disc is 38.9mm in diameter, with a weight of 2.51g, made of a very pure gold that is composed of between 93% and 94% gold, 6% and 7% silver and a negligible amount of copper. It is decorated with concentric line and dot circles and pierced by two central holes, apparently for attachment. The design was determined to belong to the Primary Bell Beaker Goldwork Tradition. Even though the exact source for the metal cannot be established, the composition appears consistent with that for Irish, Scottish, and Welsh alluvial gold. The disc most likely was made for a funerary garment and possibly, to symbolize the life-giving power of the sun. Further investigation of the discovery site revealed skeletal remains that once were covered over by a mound of stones, known as a cairn. The grave was located within a crescent of boulders and was oriented to look down the valley to the west—a poignant resting place for the person wearing one of Wales's first metal discs derived from native gold.
Similar artifacts have been found in Ireland, The Isle of Man, and Brittany.
Most known examples of this class of 'sun-disc' have been found in Ireland (21), with smaller numbers from Scotland (6), England (5), and similar examples from France. This is the first example to be found in Wales and thought to be the earliest gold artifact from Wales, probably belonging to the slightly later established Beaker phase (c. 2000 BC). The Banc Ty'nddôl disc most closely resembles an example from Ireland that remains without provenance, having two-four linear circles in repoussé and two central perforations. A similar style with repoussé dots is to be found in an example from Kirk Andreas in The Isle of Man.
In Brittany, gold discs with similar dot and linear decoration have been discovered in Neolithic tombs and they also appear to be associated with early Beaker (Chalcolithic) abandonment deposits. In Britain, three examples have been found associated with two Beaker burials (one as a pair, and one as a single find) at Mere and Farleigh Wick in Wiltshire.
The similarities in style and decorative technique between the Banc Ty'nddôl disc and 'basket earrings' or gold hair tress ornaments associated with rich Beaker burials is striking. Examples from Kirkhaugh, Northumberland had been tooled similarly on the surface as a means of enhancing the repoussé lines applied to the back, a detail precisely matched on the Banc Ty'nddôl disc. The Kirkhaugh basket earring and other items from similar burial sites can all be dated to the period between 2500–1900 BC.
Current status.
The disc was declared a treasure in December 2003 and has since been acquired by the Amgueddfa Cymru – National Museum Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="20119777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119777" title="Ski jumping at the 2010 Winter Olympics">
Ski jumping at the 2010 Winter Olympics

The ski jumping competition of the Vancouver 2010 Olympics was held at Whistler Olympic Park between 12 and 22 February 2010.
Medal summary.
Events.
Three ski jumping events was held at Vancouver 2010 (all competitors are men):
Competition schedule.
All times are Pacific Standard Time (UTC-8).
Participating nations.
For the three events, there are a maximum 70 athletes allowed to compete. No nation can have more than five skiers. For each event, a nation can enter four skiers in individual event or one team in the team event.
Host nation Canada is expected to enter skiers in all events. If no skier meets the qualification standards, they can enter one skier per event.
Quota allocation per nation is based on the World Ranking List (WRL) consisting of Ski Jumping World Cup and Grand Prix points, followed by Continental Cup Standings from the 2008-09 and 2009-10 Ski Jumping World Cup. This will be made by assigning one quota slot per skier from the top of the standings downwards until the maximum five slots have been reached, including host nation Canada. When 60 slots are reached in an event where less than 12 nations have a minimum of four skiers allocated slot (and the nation is entered in the team event), the next nation with three skiers will be given a fourth slot until 12 nations can compete in the team event. Any open quota slots will be allocated until the maximum 70 skiers can be reached, including host nation Canada. This process started on 18 January 2010 and ran until 28 January 2010. Deadline to VANOC was 1 February 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20119778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119778" title="Moreto">
Moreto

Moreto is a red Portuguese wine grape variety that is planted primarily in the Alentejo. As a varietal, the grape makes neutral wines. 
Synonyms.
Moreto is also known under the synonyms Arruya, Castellao, Moreto d'Alenteijo, Moreto d'Alentejo, Moreto do Dão, Morito, Mureto do Alentejo, Tinta de Alter.
Other grape varieties.
Moreto is also used as a synonym for the grape varieties Lambrusca di Alessandria, Camarate Tinto, Baga and Mureto.

</doc>
<doc id="20119785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119785" title="The Executioner (1975 film)">
The Executioner (1975 film)

The Executioner ( is a 1975 South Korean film directed by Byun Jang-ho, later remade as "I Will Survive".
Plot.
An executioner and his family try to survive from the dead.
Remake.
The newer film "I Will Survive" is based on the film, although there is a difference when a main character rapes the daughter of noble man whom he had executed and saves her from jail.

</doc>
<doc id="20119794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119794" title="Mourisco tinto">
Mourisco tinto

Marufo or Mourisco tinto is a red Portuguese wine grape that is planted primarily in the Douro DOC. It is a recommended grape in Port wine production. 
Synonyms.
Marufo is also known under the synonyms Abrunhal, Barrete De Padre, Brujidera, Crujidera, Lagrima Noir, Malvasia, Marouco, Marufa, 
Marujo, Morisco tinto, Moroco, Mourico, Mourisca, Mourisco, Mourisco Du Douro, Mourisco Preto, Mourisco tinto, Tinta Amarela Grossa, Tinta Do Caramelo, and Tinta Grossa.

</doc>
<doc id="20119809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119809" title="Piedirosso">
Piedirosso

Piedirosso is a red Italian wine grape variety that is planted primarily in the Campania region. The grape is considered a specialty of the region, being used to produce wines for local and tourist consumption. Its name "piedirosso" means "red feet" that reflects the bottom of the vine which used to be red similar to the red feet of a pigeon. 
The grape is believed to be one of the parent varieties of the central Italy grape Abbuoto, possibly a crossing with Casavecchia. DNA analysis has also shown a close genetic relationship between Piedirosso and the white Campanian wine grape Caprettone that was previously thought to be a clone of Coda di Volpe.
Synonyms.
Piedirosso is also known under the synonyms Palombina, Palombina Nera, Palumbina Nera, Palumbo, Perepalummo, Pererusso, Piede Colombo, Piede di Colombo, Piede di Palumbo, Piedepalumbo, Streppa Verde, Strepparossa.

</doc>
<doc id="20119861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119861" title="Onykia appelloefi">
Onykia appelloefi

Onykia appelloefi is a species of squid in the family Onychoteuthidae. The species occurs in the Atlantic Ocean.

</doc>
<doc id="20119863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119863" title="Peter Martin (footballer)">
Peter Martin (footballer)

Peter James Martin (24 July 1875 – 25 March 1918) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Collingwood during the early years of the Victorian Football League (VFL), and North Melbourne in the VFA.
Family.
The son of James Joseph Martin and Ellen O'Connor, Peter was born in Geelong on 24 July 1875. He married Lavinia M. Smith in 1902. They had four children, Lavinia H., Kathleen I., and Samuel A. Martin, and one other.
Footballer.
Martin shared his league debut with future club great Ted Rowell and played 14 games that season, including the 1901 VFL Grand Final loss to Essendon where he was a wingman. He made just one further appearance with Collingwood, in 1902, before finishing his career at North Melbourne in the Victorian Football Association. 
Soldier.
A Private with the 6th Battalion of the First A.I.F. during World War I, Martin was badly injured in fighting at Pozières, France in December 1916.
The name of Peter James Martin (3399) does not appear on the Australian War Memorial's Roll of Honour because, at the time of his death (25 March 1918), more than 12 months and a day had elapsed since he had been wounded in action; also, by the time of his death, he had been discharged from the army, and was not listed as officially "Died of Wounds" on any casualty list.
He had been hit in the head by a German bullet at Pozières on 8 December 1916; the right side of his head was very badly damaged (his skull had been fractured, and it never healed properly), and he had lost his right eye. He did not appear on a casualty list until January 1917. He was discharged from the army on 26 January 1917. He died from his war wounds at the Caulfield Military Hospital (No.5 Australian General Hospital) on 25 March 1918. He was buried with full military honours, in an unmarked grave, at Coburg Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="20119867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119867" title="Immaculate Conception Academy of Manila">
Immaculate Conception Academy of Manila

Immaculate Conception Academy of Manila (also known as ICAM or ICA Manila) is located at 2212 S. del Rosario St., Gagalangin, Balut, Tondo, Manila, Philippines. It is a private Catholic school run by the "Missionary Sisters of Immaculate Conception" (MIC).

</doc>
<doc id="20119909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119909" title="Craig Robinson">
Craig Robinson

Craig Robinson may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20119937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119937" title="Willemijn Verkaik">
Willemijn Verkaik

Willemijn Verkaik (born 16 June 1975), is a Dutch singer and actress. She is best known for her stage roles in "Wicked", "Aida" and "Elisabeth", and can be heard on the German cast recording of "Wicked".
Early life.
Willemijn Verkaik was born in Son en Breugel, Netherlands, but grew up in Nuenen near Eindhoven. She graduated from the Rotterdam Conservatory. She also studied briefly at the Guildford School of Acting, just outside of London. She is a certified vocal teacher.
Career.
Before her acting career began, Verkaik sang in various pop bands for over ten years. Her first professional theatre role was that of an ensemble member in the Dutch production of "Elisabeth".
Since then, her various musical theatre credits have included "Elisabeth" (in both Holland and Thun, Switzerland), "The Three Musketeers", "We Will Rock You" and most notably "Wicked", in which she was chosen as the "Wicked Personality of the Year", among all the actresses who played the role in November 2010, in an online poll with over 16,000 voters. She is the only actress to have played the role in more than one language (as of December 2013, Verkaik has appeared in the Dutch, German, Broadway and London West End productions).
Verkaik originated the role of Elphaba in the original German-language production of "Wicked", which began performances in Stuttgart on November 1, 2007, prior to a November 15 opening night. Sabrina Weckerlin was her original alternate, appearing in the two shows a week which Verkaik was not contracted to perform. She can be heard on the original German cast album.
She played her final performance on January 6, 2010, three weeks before the production closed, in order to prepare for the "Best of Musical 2010 Gala tour", which played venues across Germany in early 2010. "Wicked" later transferred to Oberhausen with previews from March 5, 2010. Verkaik joined the production from opening night, which took place March 9. She took a 9-week break from "Wicked" beginning in September 2010, subsequently departing the Oberhausen production permanently on February 27, 2011, after being billed as lead for over three years across the two productions.
Verkaik soon repeated her performance in the original Dutch-language production, which premiered in Scheveningen on November 6, 2011, after previews from October 26. This required her to learn the role in her native language. The run ended on January 11, 2013, and Verkaik transferred to North America, to make her Broadway debut in the English-speaking New York company of "Wicked", marking her third language production. Verkaik played a limited 15-week engagement at the Gershwin Theatre from February 12, 2013 to May 26, 2013.
Verkaik played the role of Donna in the Stuttgart production of "Mamma Mia!" for a limited run starting July 26, 2013, before playing the role of Elphaba for a fifth and final time. Beginning on November 18, 2013, she made her West End debut in "Wicked" at the Apollo Victoria Theatre, London. Verkaik holds the distinction of being the first actress to perform the role in more than one language.
She can be heard on "Wicked"'s German-language cast recording, as well as Scott Alan's album "What I Wanna Be When I Grow Up"., and on the Scott Alan album "LIVE", which was recorded at the Birdland Jazz club in New York City on April 30, 2012. The CD was released on June 26 of 2012. She also provides the Dutch and German voice of Elsa the Snow Queen in Disney's 2013 CGI movie "Frozen", a role played in English by Idina Menzel, who was the original Broadway Elphaba.
Personal life.
She is married to musician Bart van Hoof.

</doc>
<doc id="20119941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119941" title="Leichenschrei">
Leichenschrei

Leichenschrei is the second album by the band SPK. It was released in 1982 on Thermidor Records in the United States and in 1983 on the band's own Side Effekts label in the United Kingdom. The title is a German word meaning "corpse scream", and might refer to an alleged supernatural behavior exhibited by the deceased.
The band was listed on the initial Thermidor release as "SPK", although subsequent vinyl reissues were credited to "Sozialistisches Patienten Kollektiv", a reference to the leftist German patients' group of the same name. The name was misspelled on the CD reissue as "Socialistisches Patienten Kollektiv".
Legacy.
In a 1987 interview for Italian fanzine "Snowdonia", Edward Ka-Spel of The Legendary Pink Dots stated that he thought industrial music should have stopped after "Leichenschrei", describing it as a "brilliant album" and "nobody could make a better, more definitive work in industrial music".
Oddity.
The final track on side 2 of the vinyl LP contained a locked groove whose sound emulated a combination of a steam press and a pile driver. This track was often used in the mid-1980s by announcers at the University of Maryland WMUC-FM radio station to avoid dead-air when an announcer's relief failed to show. Rumour has it that this record was used so much that they wore the groove out on more than 5 copies over three years.
Track listing.
No tracklisting was provided with the initial release on Thermidor Records. The first side of vinyl editions of the album end with a lockgroove. Sides one and two of the vinyl editions are labeled "Seite ((Lysso))" and "Seite ((Klono))", respectively.
Personnel.
According to the album liner notes:

</doc>
<doc id="20119944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119944" title="Chittu Pandey">
Chittu Pandey

Chittu Pandey (10 May 1865 - 1946), popularly referred to as the "Shere Ballia" (Lion of Ballia), was an Indian independence activist.
Pandey was born in Rattuchak, a village in Ballia District of Uttar Pradesh.
A distinguished freedom fighter, he led the Quit India Movement in Ballia; described as the "Tiger of Ballia" by Jawaharlal Nehru and Subhas Chandra Bose, he headed the National Government declared and established on 19 August 1942 for a few days before it was suppressed by the British. The parallel government succeeded in getting the Collector to hand over power and release all the arrested Congress leaders. But within a week, soldiers marched in and the leaders had to flee. He used to call himself a Gandhian.

</doc>
<doc id="20119946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119946" title="Snowboarding at the 2010 Winter Olympics">
Snowboarding at the 2010 Winter Olympics

The snowboarding competition of the Vancouver 2010 Olympics was held at Cypress Mountain. The events were held between the 15 and 27 February 2010.
Competition Schedule.
All times are Pacific Standard Time (UTC-8).
Qualification.
Skiers are qualified if they have placed in the top 30 in an FIS World Cup event of FIS World Championships in the event concerned. A minimum of 100 FIS points in the respective event. Host nation Canada is expected to enter a skier in all events. If no skier meets the qualification standards, they can enter one skier per event.
Quota allocation will be given using the World Ranking List (WRL) for the twelve-month period of World Cup Standings from the 2008-09 and 2009-10 Snowboard World Cup and the FIS Freestyle World Ski Championships 2009. It will be assigned one slot per skier from the top the WRL downwards. When a nation has the maximum four skiers per event, the next eligible nation on the WRL will be given a slot until the maximum total per event in moguls, aerials, and ski cross per gender has been reached.
In the case any nation is given more than 18 skiers, it is up the nation to select the team of a maximum of 18 skiers by 25 January 2010. Once quota slots are allocated by the FIS and the national entries confirmed, a reallocation of unused slots per event will be made by the FIS to the next eligible nation on the WRL for quota allocation in the respective event and gender. This process started on 18 January 2010 and will run until 28 January 2010. Deadline to VANOC is 1 February 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20119994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119994" title="Onykia">
Onykia

Onykia is a genus of squids in the family Onychoteuthidae. Due to similarities between the genera, several recent authors consider the genus "Moroteuthis" a junior synonym of "Onykia". The type species is "Onykia carriboea", the tropical clubhook squid.

</doc>
<doc id="20119997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20119997" title="Portan">
Portan

Portan is a red French wine grape that is planted primarily in the Languedoc. The grape is a crossing of Grenache and Portugais, being breed with the aim of ripening more reliably than Grenache. 
Synonyms.
The only synonym of Portan is its breeding code E.M. 1508-25.

</doc>
<doc id="20120010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120010" title="Cançoner Vega-Aguiló">
Cançoner Vega-Aguiló

The Cançoner Vega-Aguiló (, ) is a chansonnier predominantly carrying Catalan and Occitan pieces, but also some Castilian and Middle French verse.

</doc>
<doc id="20120017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120017" title="Gauri Shankar Rai">
Gauri Shankar Rai

Gauri Shankar Rai was a member of the Sixth Lok Sabha during 1977-79 representing Ghazipur constituency of Uttar Pradesh. Earlier he had been member of the Uttar Pradesh Legislative Assembly (1957–62) and Legislative Council (1967–76). He served as the Leader of Opposition in Uttar Pradesh Legislative Council.
He was born in a zamindar family of Karnai village in district BALLIA on 10 June 1924 and died on 2 May 1991 at his native village Karnai in Ballia, UP.
Rai had his primary and junior school education in his native village Karnai and neighbouring villages Apayal and Sukhpura. He was admitted in L.D. Meston School in Ballia.
Student Activist and Freedom Fighter: He was arrested on 14 th August 1942, for participating in "QUIT INDIA MOVEMENT" of Mahatma Gandhi, as a student of class 9 th.class. He was president of district youth congress in 1945 and organised many agitations against British govt and local administration, schools and colleges along with his associates such as Chandra Shekhar, Kashi Nath Mishra and Vasudeo Rai. He passed.his intermediate and B. A. From Satish Chandra College BALLIA (Agra University) and B. Ed. from Benares Hindu University, Varanasi. During his student life, he organised an agitation along with his junior friends Chandra Shekhar and Kashi Nath Mishra, against Management of Satish Chandra College for their illegal action against a Learned Principal Dr Sita Ram Chaturvedi and succeeded in compelling management to take back their illegal order and reinstate Dr Chaturvedi. He passed Sahitya Ratna from Hindi Sahitya Sammelan, Allahabad.
Social activist: He was very active social activist who lead several agitations with his junior friends Sri Chandra Shekhar, ex prime minister and Kashi Nath Mishra, ex minister in UP and was successful. Just after independence in 1947, he led an agitation, organised by student organisations of UP, against enhancement of school fees by UP Govt and was jailed with agitators in Lucknow, but freed after demand was accepted by Govt. He was a teacher in Town College Ballia for some time but left the job due to his preoccupation in Political Activities.
Parliamentary Life: He was elected as Member of Legislative Assembly, as a Praja Socialist Party candidate, from Ballia sadar vidhan sabha in 1957 and defeated congress candidate. He joined Congress Party in 1964 alongwithh Asok Mehta when PSP merged itself with Congress Party. Pt. Nehru had declared Socialism as ultimate Goal of congress and all socialists to join him and strengthen socialist movement. He was elected to UP Legislative Council, MLC, in 1967 as congress candidate, defeating a communist candidate supported by the then Govt in UP.He was reelected to UP Council in 1970 and was up to 1976.
He joined JP Movement in 1974against corruption and misrule of different state govts, e.g. Gujrat and Bihar and also against Govt of India. State office of JPMovement was opened at his official residence as MLC in Royal Hotel, Lucknow and his residence became centre of activities.

</doc>
<doc id="20120020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120020" title="Prokupac">
Prokupac

Prokupac is a red Serbian wine grape that is often used to produce darkly colored rosé. The grape is noted for the high sugar levels it can achieve prior to harvest and the high levels of alcohol it can produce following fermentation. 
Synonyms.
Prokupac is also known under the synonyms Crnka, Darchin, Kamenicarka, Kamenilarka, Kamenitscharka, Majski Cornii, Negotinsko Crno, Nichevka, Nikodimka, Nisevka, Procoupatz, Procupac, Prokoupatz, Prokupats, Prokupatz, Prokupec, Prokupka, Rekavac, Rekovacka Crnka, Rskavac, Rskavats, Rskavaty, Scopsko Cherno, Skopsko Crno, Skopsko Tsrno, Tsrnina, Zachinok, Zaichin, Zarchin, Zarcin, Zartchin, Zartchine.

</doc>
<doc id="20120047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120047" title="Ramisco">
Ramisco

Ramisco is a red Portuguese wine grape variety that is planted primarily in the Colares DOC. As a varietal Ramisco produces very tannic and astringent wines. 
Synonyms.
There are three synonyms of Ramisco: Ramisco de Colares, Rasmisco nos Açores and Ramisco Tinto.

</doc>
<doc id="20120049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120049" title="Asoka de Silva (Admiral)">
Asoka de Silva (Admiral)

Vice Admiral A. H. Asoka de Silva, VSV, ndc, psc, SLN (1931– December 22, 2006) was the Commander of the Sri Lanka Navy from 1983 to 1986. He was a Sri Lankan Ambassador to Cuba.
Early life & education.
Born to a renowned surgeon and one time superintendent of the De Soyza Maternity Hospital in Colombo, Dr. A.H.T de Silva and Mrs. Beatrice de Silva (née Rodrigo -daughter of Mudaliyar Thomas Rodrigo), Asoka was the third child of a family of eight members.
Educated at the prestigious Royal College, Colombo where he was the senior sergeant commanding the Royal College cadet contingent.
de Silva joined the then Royal Ceylon Navy as an Officer Cadet, soon after leaving school in 1950. After completing his assault-training course he was sent to Britannia Royal Naval College in Dartmouth for basic training. There he became a Midshipman and subsequently as an acting Sub Lieutenant. In later years he would receive specialized training in communication at HMS Mercury, thereafter attend the Royal Naval College, Greenwich and graduate from the Defence Services Staff College, Wellington and the National Defence College, New Delhi.
Naval career.
In 1953 he was commissioned to the rank of Sub Lieutenant after completing basic training after which he was elevated to the rank of Lieutenant in 1955, Lieutenant Commander in and 1963. From 1969 to 1970 he was the defence attaché, at the Sri Lanka High Commission in London before being promoted to Commander in November 1970. After which he was the commanding officer HMCyS Gajabahu the flag ship of the fleet and the Co-ordinating Officer of the Polonnaruwa District during the 1971 Insurrection. He was the Naval Officer-in Charge of Trincomalee when he was promoted to the rank of Captain in 1973 after which he was the Master of MV Lanka Kanthi of the Ceylon Shipping Corporation before becoming Chief Staff Officer (Operations). He went on to serve as the Co-ordinating Officer TAFII (East) and Director Naval Operations when on February 4, 1978 he was made Commodore. July 1, 1979 he assumed duties as the Chief of Staff at Naval Headquarters, SLNS Ranagala after which he was promoted to the rank of Rear Admiral. In June 1983 he was made Commander of the Navy, a post he would hold till his retirement at the age of 55, on 1 November 1986 at which point he became the first Sri Lankan Officer to be elevated to the rank of Vice Admiral in the Sri Lanka Navy. Simultaneously acting as the Commander -in-Chief of the joint Services Special Operations Command Headquarters established in Vavuniya.
During his long career in the Navy he received the Vishista Seva Vibhushanaya, the Ceylon Armed Services Long Service Medal and clasp, President's Inauguration Medal, the Purna Bhumi Padakkama and the Sri Lanka Navy 25th Anniversary Medal.
Vice Admiral Asoka de Silva was also the Chairman of the Sri Lanka Navy Sports Board and Chairman of the Defence Services Sports Board.
Later life.
After retirement, he become Sri Lanka's Ambassador to Cuba.

</doc>
<doc id="20120055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120055" title="Jijangbong">
Jijangbong

Jijangbong is a mountain in Gyeonggi-do, South Korea. Its area extends across the city of Pocheon and Yeoncheon County. Jijangbong has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20120064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120064" title="Speed skating at the 2010 Winter Olympics">
Speed skating at the 2010 Winter Olympics

The speed skating competition of the 2010 Winter Olympics was held at the Richmond Olympic Oval between 13 and 27 February 2010.
Notes.
Haralds Silovs became the first athlete in Olympic history to participate in both short track (1500 m) and long track (5000 m) speed skating, and the first to compete in two different disciplines on the same day. He competed in the 5000 m and then raced across town to the 1500 m event. The low altitude of Vancouver and high humidity inside the Richmond Olympic Oval, set just 3 metres above the sea, meant that no world records in speed skating would be set at these Games.
Events.
A total of twelve speed skating events were held at Vancouver 2010:
Competition schedule.
All times are Pacific Standard Time (UTC-8).

</doc>
<doc id="20120079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120079" title="Notonykia africanae">
Notonykia africanae

Notonykia africanae is a species of squid in the family Onychoteuthidae. It is the type species of the genus "Notonykia". While the mature size of the species is unknown, it is known to reach a mantle length of at least 177 mm. Tentacles reach approximately 70% of the mantle length, and contain 14-20 club hooks. Arms are known to reach 27-45% (arm I) and 33-55% (arms II-IV) of the mantle length; each containing 50-60 suckers. The species is located in southern waters off Australia, New Zealand and South Africa.
External links.
Tree of Life web project: "Notonykia africanae"

</doc>
<doc id="20120083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120083" title="Rossese">
Rossese

Rossese is the name of several Italian wine grape variety including:

</doc>
<doc id="20120085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120085" title="David J. Steil">
David J. Steil

David J. Steil was a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 31st District and was elected in 1992. He and his wife live in Yardley, Pennsylvania and have 2 children. He retired prior to the 2008 election and was succeeded by Democrat Steve Santarsiero.

</doc>
<doc id="20120098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120098" title="Jongjasan (Gyeonggi)">
Jongjasan (Gyeonggi)

Jongjasan is a mountain near the city of Pocheon, Gyeonggi-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20120127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120127" title="Jugeumsan">
Jugeumsan

Jugeumsan is a mountain in Gyeonggi-do, South Korea. Its area extends across the cities of Pocheon, Namyangju and the county of Gapyeong. Jugeumsan has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20120148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120148" title="Jungwonsan">
Jungwonsan

Jungwonsan is a mountain in Yangpyeong County, Gyeonggi-do, in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20120159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120159" title="Lois Court">
Lois Court

Lois Court is a legislator in the U.S. state of Colorado. Elected to the Colorado House of Representatives as a Democrat in 2008, Court represents House District 6, which encompasses portions of central Denver, Colorado. she is the Majority Caucus Chair
Education.
Lois Court earned a Master of Public Administration in 1996 from the Graduate School of Public Affairs, University of Colorado at Denver. She earned her Bachelor of Arts degree in 1975 from the University of Colorado at Denver.
Personal.
Lois Court is married to Patrick Reynolds and has two sons, Nathan and Brendan. She lived in the 7th Avenue Parkway Neighborhood for 27 years and has been active in Denver/State civics, public school, and community affairs for over 25 years. Prior to becoming a State Representative, she served as Denver Mayor Wellington Webb's Director of Administration, General Services Department; Director of the Mayor's Office of Volunteerism; and Director of the Mayor's Office of Neighborhood Response. Court also served as a legislative staffer for a member of the Colorado General Assembly during which time she became familiar with legislative procedures. 
She also has over 20 years of experience as a public issues consultant. Lois Court currently still serves as an American Government and Political Science Adjunct Instructor at the Red Rocks Community College and ITT Technical Institute during the fall.
Legislative career.
2008 Election.
Lois Court defeated Liz Adams and Josh Hanfling in the contested Democratic primary in August, taking 44 percent of votes cast.
Court faced Republican Joshua Sharf in the November 2008 general election. Her candidacy was endorsed by the "Denver Post",
2009 legislative session.
For the 2009 legislative session, Court was named to seats on the House Services Committee, the House Judiciary Committee, and the House State, Veterans, and Military Affairs Committee.
In her first legislative session, Court sponsored legislation to require carbon monoxide detectors in new homes and rental units.
2010 legislative session.
For the 2010 legislative session, Court continued in her positions on the House Services Committee, the House Judiciary Committee, and the House State, Veterans, and Military Affairs Committee.
In her second legislative session, Court co-sponsored Senate Bill 10-228 to eliminate the arbitrary allocation cap for the General Fund so Colorado could recover more quickly from the recession.
2010 Election.
Court again faced Republican Joshua Sharf in the November 2010 general election. Even in a Republican year, she won the November general election with 64 percent of the popular vote.[http://ballotpedia.org/wiki/index.php/Lois_Court]
2011 legislative session.
In the 2011 legislative session the Democrats were in a slim minority: 33 Republicans, 32 Democrats in the State House. Court served as a member of the House State, Veterans, and Military Affairs Committee, The House Judiciary Committee and the House Services Committee. In addition, she was elected by her Democratic colleagues to serve as Minority Caucus Chair. As Caucus Chair she is a member of the Democratic leadership team and organizes caucus gatherings and chairs discussions.
Her major piece of legislation in 2011 was SCR 11-001, a concurrent resolution to increase the threshold for constitutional change in Colorado.
2012 legislative session.
In the 2012 legislative session the Democrats were in a slim minority: 33 Republicans, 32 Democrats in the State House. Court served as a member of the House State, Veterans, and Military Affairs Committee, The House Judiciary Committee and the House Services Committee. In addition, she was re-elected by her Democratic colleagues to serve as Minority Caucus Chair. As Caucus Chair she is a member of the Democratic leadership team and organizes caucus gatherings and chairs discussions.
Her major piece of legislation in 2012 was HCR 12-1003: Concerning our State Constitution and Raising the Standards Required for Changing It. This concurrent resolution would have changed the way and ease with which the Colorado Constitution can be changed.
2012 election.
In the 2012 General Election, Representative Court faced Republican challenger Robert Hardaway. Court was elected by a margin of 67% to 30%.
2013 legislative session.
In the 2013 legislative session the Democrats were in the majority: 37 Democrats, 28 Republicans in the State House. Court served as Chair of the House Finance Committee and as a member of The House Judiciary Committee and the House Services Committee. In addition, she was re-elected by her Democratic colleagues to serve as Minority Caucus Chair. As Caucus Chair she is a member of the Democratic leadership team and organizes caucus gatherings and chairs discussions.
Court had two major pieces of legislation in 2013. HB 13-1228: Payment for Background Checks for Gun Transfers - this bill imposes a small fee, around $12, for performing an instant criminal background check upon the purchaser of a gun. Previously, the state provided a subsidy to gun purchasers for this fee. 
Her other major piece of legislation was SB 13-226: The Dog Protection Act. This bill aims to reduce the number of dogs shot by officers of municipal police departments and sheriffs’ offices by requiring local law enforcement agencies to develop training programs to prepare local law enforcement officers for encounters with dogs in the line of duty. This training will emphasize how to recognize common dog behaviors and how to employ nonlethal methods to control or respond to dogs.

</doc>
<doc id="20120161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120161" title="Hitachi Zosen Corporation">
Hitachi Zosen Corporation

History.
Hitachi Zōsen's origins go back to April 1, 1881, when British entrepreneur Edward H Hunter established in Osaka to develop the Japanese steel-making and shipbuilding industry. Hunter had come to Japan in 1865 and had established the Onohama Shipyard in Kobe before moving to Osaka and establishing a new shipyard at the junction of the Nakatsu and Aki rivers which could construct ships of under 1000 tons displacement. His first vessel, the "Hatsumaru" was launched in 1882. Hunter intended to build a company which was completely self-sufficient, and also produced engines, boilers, bridges and irrigation equipment.
An additional facility was established downstream on the Aji river at Sakurajima in 1900 to handle construction of vessels larger than 1000 tons. The first oil tanker built in Japan, the 531 ton "Tora maru" was launched in 1908, for Standard Oil Company.
Another shipyard was constructed at Innoshima, Hiroshima in 1911. Hunter changed his name to "Hanta" in 1915 after marrying a Japanese woman, and after transforming the company into a joint stock company, turned it over to his son, Ryutarō Hanta in 1915. The company continued to prosper, adding the Bingō Dockyard in 1919, Harada Shipbuilding Works in 1920, Hikojima Dockyard in 1924. Many of the iron bridges in Osaka and surrounding areas were designed and built by Osaka Iron Works. The company also began to expand into equipment for hydroelectric power plants in 1924.
The company was re-organized in 1934, coming under the overall control of the Nissan "zaibatsu", and was renamed as K.K. Nihon Sangyō Osaka Tekkoshō.
While most of the lucrative contracts for naval warships for the Imperial Japanese Navy went to Osaka Iron Work’s competitors, the company did build a large number of smaller auxiliary vessels such as minesweepers, landing craft, transport submarines and was involved in the conversion of old merchant ships for military use. Hitachi Zōsen also built the "Kumano Maru", a transport aircraft carrier, at its Innoshima works in 1945. During World War II, the Osaka Iron Works expanded by opening a new shipyard at Kanagawa and acquiring the existing Mukaishima shipyard in 1943. It also changed its name to Hitachi Zosen Corporation in 1943.
After the surrender of Japan at the end of World War II, under the SCAP's economic democratization policy (dissolution of the zaibatsu and large business enterprises), the company was spun out from Hitachi, Ltd. in 1947. Since then Hitachi Zōsen has been independent from Hitachi or the Nissan Group although it is still a member of the "Shunko-kai" and "Shunko Kowa-kai". Hitachi Zōsen quickly restarted operations as a builder of fishing vessels and coastal transports. By 1955, Hitachi Zōsen had emerged as one of the largest shipbuilders in Japan. The company also expanded into other markets. In 1957, as part of a technical cooperation with B&W Diesel in Denmark, Hitachi built the world’s largest diesel engine. It also completed its first turn-key overseas plant project with the completion of a chemical fertilizer plant for India in 1964. In the shipbuilding field, Hitachi began to specialize in ever larger sizes of oil tankers, pioneering in methods for computer assisted design and modular, automated construction techniques. Hitachi acquired another shipyard, Maizuru Heavy Industries, in 1971 and opened a new shipyard at Ariake in Kyushu in 1973.
However, the global oil crisis of 1973 with its consequent reduction in ship demand resulted in financial difficulties for the company. Hitachi Zōsen, with over 50% of its revenues from ships was hard hit by the cancellation in orders for supertankers and attempted to survive by turning to oil rigs, oil storage facilities, and steel structures, pipes and bridges. However, with rising material costs and losses due to fixed price contracts, high overhead and redundant facilities meant that the company had to restructure from the 1980s. By 1988, the company employed only 5,596 workers, down from 24,660 ten years earlier.
The company also made strong efforts to diversify away from the shipbuilding roots, expanding especially into industrial and municipal waste disposal facilities. However, its boldest move was in October 2002, when it sold its shipbuilding operations to a new joint venture with NKK Corporation (now JFE Holdings) called Universal Shipbuilding Corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="20120162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120162" title="Nahal group">
Nahal group

The Nahal group (Hebrew: גרעין נחל) is a form of community service developed in Israel, which combines social volunteerism, agriculture and military service.
The word "Nahal" (Hebrew: נחל) (acronym of "Noar Halutzi Lohem", lit. "Fighting Pioneer Youth") is an Israel Defense Forces infantry brigade. Historically, it refers to a program created in 1949 to combine military service and establishment of new agricultural settlements, often in outlying areas. Later, the program branched out into volunteering and social welfare projects.
The service is divided into several parts:
The order of the periods is permanent, but there are changes in the length of the periods, in accordance with the recruitment cycles. Also, it is possible to have the unpaid military service period either at the beginning or at the end of each course.
The military period.
During the first military period, the members of the Nahal group serve in the Nahal infantry brigade together. The male members have a combat service as part of the 50th battalion or Caracal Battalion, and the female members serve in the Caracal Battalion or in different positions in the Education and Youth Corps and the Nahal headquarters. As part of their service, the members of the same group are entitled to serve in the same military unit (the 50th battalion, in the Caracal Battalion and in basic training of the female soldiers and the non-combat soldiers), and to hold a group meeting once in a while. At the end of their military service, after the release of the female Nahal soldiers, the remaining Nahal members return for half a year of routine security measures activities.
The national mission period.
The national mission period lasts a year, in which all the core group stays together, under the command of the Education and Youth Corps. During the establishment of the state, the national mission was mostly the establishment of new settlements in periphery areas (by means of Nahal settlements) and expansion of the existing kibbutzim. Over the years, and in accordance with the changes in the Israeli society, the national mission has changed to helping the poor populations throughout the country and nowadays the Nahal groups perform in the National mission period social and educational-based missions in the social periphery of the state of Israel. The soldiers live in apartments in different local authorities, and work in different education tasks in the schools, in the community centers, in the youth clubs, in the absorption centers, etc. The group is accompanied by Military commanders, the Youth organizers in the local authorities and representatives of the youth movement to which the group belongs to core. 
The unpaid military-service periods are a remainder of the Nahal course which included living in kibbutzim, but today are more similar to the national mission periods, yet are shorter and are less monitored by the army.
In general, the military service of male members of the Nahal group is four months longer than the military service of most soldiers. However, some of the Nahal groups continue to work together, anyway, even after the military service, as part of adult movements or choose to continue living together, regardless of their original movement.
The Orthodox Nahal.
Under the Nahal framework, there is now also a route in which soldiers who originate from the Jewish ultra-Orthodox sector could join. They serve for two years in the 97th battalion of the Kfir Brigade, and in addition they go to a one-year school in order to complete their studies and get a matriculation certificate or in order to get a profession.
Israel's first Prime Minister, David Ben-Gurion, established the Nahal program in 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="20120170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120170" title="Beth McCann">
Beth McCann

Beth McCann (born February 10, 1949) is a legislator in the U.S. state of Colorado. Elected to the Colorado House of Representatives as a Democrat in 2008, she represents House District 8, which encompasses portions of central Denver, Colorado.
Legislative career.
2008 election.
Beth McCann defeated Matt Bergles and Cindy Lowery in the contested Democratic primary in August, taking 49 percent of votes cast.
McCann faced no opposition in the November 2008 general election. Her candidacy was endorsed by the "Denver Post".
2009 legislative session.
For the 2009 legislative session, McCann was named to seats on the House Appropriations Committee, the House State, Veterans, and Military Affairs Committee, and was tapped to be vice-chair of the House Judiciary Committee.
McCann sponsored legislation to limit the number of dogs owned by commercial dog breeders to 25 and to require annual veterinary exams for breeding dogs.
2012 election.
In the 2012 General Election, Representative McCann faced Republican challenger Alan Johnson. McCann was elected by a wide margin of 83% to 13%.

</doc>
<doc id="20120174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120174" title="Tomar Jonyo">
Tomar Jonyo

Tomar Jonyo or Tomar Janna ( translation: "for yours") is a Bengali film was released in 2008. Directed by Nilanjan Banerjee, the movie featured Rishi, Shriya, Subrata Dutta . Shriya’s debut film Gita, in the Telugu film industry. But Zee Motion Pictures cast Shriya in Bengali film. This film was cast earlier with Koel Mallick who had dropped out of citing date problems. Shriya plays Aankhee, a visually challenged girl who runs a flower shop and falls in love with Joseph (Rishi Roy,named as Arindam Roy in Ollywood but rename himself to Rishi for Bengali Film Industry, last seen in with Prosenjits Takkar 2008). Nilanjan Banerjee is a SRFTI graduate.
Plot.
The story is all about Joseph-an orphan(Rishi), who is brought up by a Father (Soumitra Chatterjee) of a church. Joseph is the driver of a famous Tollywood actress Reshmi Ghosh (Locket Chatterjee) and also sings at a pub. Joseph falls in love with a blind girl Ankhi (Shreya) but hides his original identity from her and her mother (Alokananda). For them he is Aditya, a rich businessman. One day from Ankhi’s mother Joseph comes to know that Ankhi’s eyes can be cured but it will cost 5lakhs rupees. He takes the money from a goon and helps his gang to kidnap Reshmi, the actress. Joseph’s childhood friend Kancha (Kanchan Mallick) tries to stop him from doing this crime, but fails to stop him. But honest Joseph doesn’t become a criminal, when Ankhi enters the O.T. he surrenders to police, and gets imprisoned for 4 years. When after 4 years he comes out of the jail he finds the Father is no more. He searches for Ankhi and finds that she has become very rich. He decides not to reveal his identity to Ankhi and stay away from her. Joseph gets a job of a singer at a bar with Kancha’s help. There Rahul Roy (Subrat Dutta) notices him and gives him the job of his driver. Suddenly Joseph comes to know that presently Ankhi is Rahul’s love interest. On the day of their engagement Rahul forces Joseph to sing a song. By listening to the song Ankhi realizes that Joseph is Aditya and she leaves the party with tears. Rahul understands the situation. In this mean time Reshmi arrives at the party for being the schoolmate of Rahul. There she identifies Joseph and tells everyone that he is a criminal. But Rahul understands the love and feelings of Joseph and allows Ankhi and Joseph to get engaged and thus the movie ends happily.
Cast.
Rishi RoySubrat DuttaShriyaKanchan Mallick Supriyo DuttSoumitra ChatterjeeLocket Chatterjee Alokananda
Critical reception.
The Telegraph said that The taut treatment, the highs and lows in the storyline and a sensible dose of humour help keep the film afloat.

</doc>
<doc id="20120183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120183" title="Joe Miklosi">
Joe Miklosi

Joe Miklosi is an American politician. He served as legislator in the U.S. state of Colorado. Elected to the Colorado House of Representatives as a Democrat in 2008, Miklosi represented House District 9, which encompasses portions of southeastern Denver, Colorado.
Early life, education, and business career.
Originally from New Boston, Michigan, Miklosi attended Hope College in Michigan, earning a bachelor's degree in 1992, in political science and religion. He later earned a master's degree in public administration with a concentration in nonprofit executive management from the University of Colorado at Denver in 2004. His master's thesis focused on increasing civic engagement among youth.
Miklosi worked in the private sector for six years, for Cyveillance as business development manager, as a software consultant for Computer Associates and Veritas Software, and as a consultant for Aristotle Industries, a campaign software company.
Early political career.
As a worker on the 1992 presidential campaign of Bill Clinton in South Dakota, Miklosi helped organize a 10,000-person rally and get out the vote efforts. He later interned in the White House Office of Public Liaison. Staying in Washington D.C., Miklosi worked as a legislative aide to U.S. Senator Howard Metzenbaum of Ohio, on environmental, interior, and health care issues.
In 2002, Miklosi took the post of Director of Operations for Colorado State Representatives Dan Grossman and Jennifer Veiga. The following year, he served Veiga's Chief of Staff when she became House Minority Leader. In both of these positions, he worked with Democratic legislative candidates as the Democratic Party gained seats in the 2002 and 2004 elections.
Following the 2004 elections, in which Democrats gained a majority in the state house, Miklosi worked under Speaker Andrew Romanoff as Director of the Democratic State House Caucus. He then joined Progressive Majority as their Colorado state director, helping elect progressive candidates to local and legislative races statewide. While at Progressive Majority, he also helped launch the annual Color Colorado Conference, designed to foster engagement and participation in the political process among racial and ethnic minorities.
Miklosi then joined Project C.U.R.E., a nonprofit collector and distributor of donated medical supplies, where he worked as Director of Major Gifts, until being elected to the state house. Currently, he lives with his wife, Jennifer, in Denver, Colorado.
Legislative career in the General Assembly.
2008 election.
Joe Miklosi defeated Paul Rosenthal in a contested and bitter Democratic primary in August, taking 58 percent of votes cast.
Miklosi faced Republican James Landauer in the November 2008 general election. Miklosi's candidacy was endorsed by the "Denver Post",
2009 legislative session.
For the 2009 legislative session, Miklosi was named to seats on the House Judiciary Committee, the House State, Veterans, and Military Affairs Committee, and the Legislative Audit Committee.
2010 Election.
Representative Miklosi defeated Republican challenger Bob Lane by a margin of 61% to 39%.
2012 legislative session.
Representative Miklosi announced he would not stand for re-election in House District 9 and would challenge incumbent Republican congressman Mike Coffman. Miklosi was succeeded by onetime opponent Paul Rosenthal.
2012 congressional election.
Miklosi is running for the newly redrawn Colorado's 6th congressional district, currently represented by conservative Republican Mike Coffman. Coffman's old district was won by McCain with 53%. The new district was won by Barack Obama with 54% of the vote (in line with the statewide average). The 6th Congressional district is now considered a swing district. 
He got the endorsement from every Democrat currently serving in the Colorado State House of Representatives and former Colorado House Speaker Andrew Romanoff. He was also endorsed by former U.S. Congressman John Salazar, Planned Parenthood, and Colorado AFL-CIO. Miklosi received the endorsement of Democracy for America, and was selected as one of their Dean Dozen.
Doran Kaye, a Miklosi campaign staff member, was forced to resign from the campaign after a conservative website revealed his history of arrests for drug-related offences. Kaye's record included arrests for drug-related felonies in 2006 and 2007. Kaye also failed to appear in court on more than one occasion. In a statement the Miklosi campaign said, "This is another attempt to distract from the extreme Coffman-Ryan plan to end Medicare as we know it that is on everyone's mind. This election should be about the issues that affect people's lives and not about cheap personal attacks."
Endorsements and ratings.
Miklosi was endorsed by Democracy For America in December 2011. The group then adopted Miklosi into their "Dean Dozen," a listing of their 12 highest-priority candidates, in August 2012. He was also endorsed by the group's founder, former Vermont Gov. Howard Dean, at that time. The group has raised Miklosi over $40,000 as of October 2012.
MoveOn.org's Colardo members endorsed Miklosi in July of 2012.
The Colorado branch of the AFL-CIO labor union endorsed Miklosi in November of 2011.
2012 Congressional election.
In the 2012 General Election, Representative Miklosi faced incumbent Republican Coffman. Coffman was reelected by a margin of 48% to 46% with neither candidate receiving a majority.

</doc>
<doc id="20120185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120185" title="Supernumerary chromosome">
Supernumerary chromosome

Supernumerary chromosome could refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20120198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120198" title="Manisan (Incheon)">
Manisan (Incheon)

Manisan is a mountain in Incheon, South Korea. It is situated in Ganghwa County and is the highest peak on Ganghwa Island. Manisan has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20120201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120201" title="Mark Waller (politician)">
Mark Waller (politician)

Mark Waller (born 1969) is a legislator in the U.S. state of Colorado. Elected to the Colorado House of Representatives as a Republican in 2008, Waller represents House District 15, which encompasses portions of northeastern Colorado Springs, Colorado.
Legislative career.
2008 election.
Mark Waller defeated incumbent Rep. Douglas Bruce in the contested Republican primary in August, taking 52 percent of votes cast.
Waller faced Democrat Leslie Maksimowicz in the November 2008 general election. Waller's candidacy was endorsed by the "Denver Post" and the "Colorado Springs Independent",
2009 legislative session.
For the 2009 legislative session, Waller was named to seats on the House Education Committee and the House Judiciary Committee.
Waller plans on sponsoring legislation to require disclosure on clothes collection bins operated by for-profit companies, to include a new derivative of methamphetamine to Colorado's list of banned drugs, and to exclude dry-ice bombs from a felony list of explosives, and to allow homeschooled students to enroll in college classes.
2012 election.
In the 2012 General Election, Representative Waller faced Libertarian challenger Larry Reedy. Waller was reelected by a margin of 73% to 15% with other third-party candidates garnering the remainder of the vote.

</doc>
<doc id="20120233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120233" title="Dennis Apuan">
Dennis Apuan

Dennis Apuan (born 30 October 1964) is a state legislator in the U.S. state of Colorado. A Filipino-American activist, non-profit leader, and community organizer, Apuan narrowly won election to the Colorado House of Representatives as a Democrat in 2008. Apuan represents House District 17, which encompasses portions of southwestern Colorado Springs, Colorado and the Fort Carson military base.
Biography.
Born in the Philippines, in Manila, Apuan emigrated to the United States at the age of 20. Moving to Colorado Springs from Los Angeles in 1997, Apuan took a job at Broadmoor Community Church, where he began as a janitor but later became the church's business administrator.
He has worked as a community organizer for Colorado Unity and as a regional director for the Colorado Progressive Coalition. Apuan also served as vice-chairman of the El Paso County Democratic Party for four years.
He has been a member of the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs Diversity Strategic Planning Team, a program director and chairman of the Pikes Peak Justice and Peace Commission, and of First Congregational Church in Colorado Springs. In 2003, Apuan was among four peace activists arrested for trespassing and sentenced to perform community service for protesting nuclear weapons at Peterson Air Force Base. Apuan also participated in non-violent protests against the Iraq War at the 2004 Republican National Convention in New York City and in 2007 in Colorado Springs.
Legislative career.
2008 election.
Choosing to run for the state house shortly before the Democratic district assemblies in February, Apuan took a leave of absence from his position with the Colorado Progressive Coalition to seek the state house seat being vacated by retiring Republican Representative Stella Garza-Hicks. Apuan had no opposition in the Democratic primary in August, and faced Republican Kit Roupe in the November 2008 general election. While his opponent's candidacy was endorsed by the "Denver Post", Apuan was endorsed by the "Colorado Springs Independent".
House District 17, covering an area southwestern Colorado Springs with a large transient population, including the Fort Carson military base, was seen as a swing district by political observers, and Apuan benefited from Democratic coattails and increased voter turnout to win the seat narrowly, raising more than $40,000 in his campaign. Apuan prevailed by a narrow margin of less than 600 votes, winning just over 51 percent of ballots cast in the race. The victory was the only Republican-held House seat won by Democrats in 2008. Apuan himself had difficulty casting a ballot in his own race; after first not receiving a mail-in ballot, Apuan was given an incorrect ballot at a polling place on election day. He ultimately was able to cast a provisional ballot in the correct district.
During his campaign and after his election, Apuan expressed priorities of small businesses tax cuts, fostering jobs in clean energy, and reducing health-care costs. He plans on sponsoring legislation to protect those on military deployments from home foreclosure.
2009 legislative session.
For the 2009 legislative session, Apuan was named to seats on the House Finance Committee and the House Judiciary Committee. Apuan has sponsored legislation to allow organizations providing inclusive elder care to employ physicians. Although Apuan had hoped to sponsor legislation providing free college tuition to military veterans, state budget constraints led him to instead propose legislation to provide child care for military families. Another bill of Apuan's would provide prospective homeowners with information about future energy bills.

</doc>
<doc id="20120258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120258" title="Sue Schafer">
Sue Schafer

Sue Schafer is an educator and legislator from the U.S. state of Colorado. Elected to the Colorado House of Representatives as a Democrat in 2008, Schafer represents House District 24, which encompasses the cities of Wheat Ridge, Edgewater, and Arvada.
Biography.
Born in Portland, Maine, Schafer holds a bachelor's degree in secondary education from the University of Nebraska-Lincoln, a master's degree in counseling from the University of Colorado at Boulder and a doctorate in education from the University of Northern Colorado. She also holds a principal's license from Colorado State University.
She has taught social studies and French in Denver public schools, worked as a counselor in Omaha Public Schools and at Skagit Valley Community College in Mt. Vernon, Washington, and spent two decades as the curriculum director and accreditation manager for the Colorado Department of Education. She has served on the Executive Board of the Colorado High School Activities Association, won the Contribution Award from the Colorado Congress of Foreign Language Teachers, and the Distinguished Service Award from the Colorado Art Education Association. Most recently, Schafer has worked as an educational consultant for low-performing schools.
Schafer has been a member of the Wheat Ridge Senior/Community Center Advisory Committee, the Wheat Ridge 2020 Urban Renewal Planning Committee, the League of Women Voters, and Wheat Ridge Congregational United Church of Christ.
She served as a legislative intern in the Colorado House of Representatives in 2006 and has been both a precinct captain and the chair of the Democratic Party in the 24th district for eight years.
Schafer, a lesbian, has two daughters and lives in Wheat Ridge, Colorado with her partner, Barb Nash. She is one of four openly LGBT members of the Colorado General Assembly, alongside Rep. Mark Ferrandino (D–Denver), as well as Sens. Pat Steadman (D–Denver) and Lucía Guzmán (D–Denver).
Legislative career.
2008 election.
Sue Schafer narrowly defeated Denver Regional Transportation District Director Dave Ruchman in the contested Democratic primary in August, winning by only 29 votes, with 50.29% of ballots cast; the race was not decided until several days after the primary election.
Schafer faced Republican Cheryl Palm in the November 2008 general election. Schafer's candidacy was endorsed by the "Denver Post", the "Golden Transcript", and the "Wheat Ridge Transcript". She easily won the general election with 62 percent of the votes cast and took office on January 7, 2009.
2009 legislative session.
For the 2009 legislative session, Schafer was named to seats on the House Education Committee and the House Local Government Committee.
Schafer's first bill of the 2009 session, a measure requiring that flight schools train pilots in both takeoff and landing procedures, passed the state house unanimously.
2011 legislative session.
While discussing a bill to allow for government funding of male circumcision, Schafer wondered, "if there's a risk for more sexual activity, more male irresponsibility" for uncircumcised boys. She supported the bill to allow government funding for circumcision.
2012 election.
In the 2012 General Election, Representative Schafer faced Republican challenger E. V. Leyendecker. Schafer was reelected by a margin of 59% to 47%.

</doc>
<doc id="20120271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120271" title="Cheri Gerou">
Cheri Gerou

Cheri Gerou is a Colorado architect and politician, currently serving in the General Assembly of the U.S. state of Colorado. Elected to the Colorado House of Representatives as a Republican in 2008, Gerou represents House District 25, which encompasses western Jefferson County, Colorado.
Biography.
Born and raised in Wyoming, Gerou moved to Colorado in 1975. She earned a bachelor's degree in fine arts from the University of Colorado and settled in Evergreen, Colorado in the late 1980s. Gerou and her husband, Phillip H. Gerou, FAIA, have two children, Greg and Sara, and are the co-founders of Gerou & Associates, an Evergreen architectural firm specializing in residential, small commercial, and historic preservation work.
An active member of the American Institute of Architects, Gerou has served as co-chair of the 1998 Denver Design Awards, president of the Denver AIA chapter in 2002, and president of the Colorado AIA chapter in 2006, and chair of the Constructors and Designers Alliance in 2008. She was named to the State Licensing Board of Architects, Professional Engineers and Professional Land Surveyors by Gov. Bill Owens in 2006, and has served as the board's secretary as vice chair of the Survey Quorum of Professional Land Surveyors. She is also a member of the National Council of Architectural Registration Board, the American Society of Interior Designers, The National Trust for Historic Preservation, and the Colorado Historical Society.
In the local community, she has served as chair of the Board of Deacons for Rockland Community Church, as a board member of the C. Henry Kempe Center, and as a chair of the Community Caring Project.
Legislative career.
2008 election.
Gerou faced no opposition in the Republican primary in August, but faced Democrat Andrew Scripter and Libertarian Jack Woehr in the November 2008 general election. Gerou's candidacy was endorsed by the "Golden Transcript"
2009 legislative session.
For the 2009 legislative session, Gerou was named to seats on the House Finance Committee and the House Health and Human Services Committee.
2010 election.
In 2010, Gerou was re-elected to the Colorado Assembly with no opponent on the ballot.
2012 election.
In the 2012 General Election, Representative Gerou faced Democratic challenger Lorna Idol and Libertarian Jack Woehr. Gerou was reelected by a margin of 55% to 40% to 5%.

</doc>
<doc id="20120292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120292" title="Herschel L. Roman">
Herschel L. Roman

Herschel Lewis Roman (September 29, 1914 – July 2, 1989) was a geneticist famous for popularizing the use of yeast in genetic research.
Roman was born in Szumsk in eastern Poland on September 29, 1914. His father had moved to the United States, intending to bring Herschel and his mother, but they were not able to travel until 1921 because of World War I. After that, he spent his early years in northern Minnesota and Wisconsin, then in St. Louis, where they had sent Herschel in advance to provide him with an urban high school education. He enrolled at the University of Missouri in 1932 and, majoring in chemistry and minoring in physics, graduated in 1936. During his senior year, he met Lewis Stadler. For his graduate studies, Roman became Stadler's graduate student and switched to genetics.
In 1942 Roman received his Ph.D. in genetics from the University of Missouri, moved to Seattle in September, and joined the faculty of the Department of Botany at the University of Washington, where he stayed for the rest of his career. Around 1944, during World War II, he entered the Army Air Force, became a captain, and then returned to the University of Washington in 1946. He started studying the cytogenetics of maize, experimenting with their supernumerary B chromosomes, but found that the maize with "interesting" genes were not hardy enough to grow west of the Cascade Mountains. After difficult experiences with growing maize in a greenhouse, going to the California Institute of Technology each summer from 1946 to 1948, and growing corn in Cle Elum, Washington to get east of the Cascades, Roman decided to switch to studying "Saccharomyces cerevisiae" instead. He invited Carl Lindegren, faculty member at Washington University in St. Louis and the only yeast geneticist in the United States, to visit the University of Washington. From then on, Roman's concentration was on yeast genetics.
In 1952 and 1956, Roman spent sabbaticals in Paris working with Boris Ephrussi. The University of Washington established its Department of Genetics in June 1959, with Roman as chairman; he held the seat until August 1980.
Roman, who fellow yeast geneticist Geovanni Magni declared to be the "Pope of yeast genetics", received numerous honors during his career. He was president of the Genetics Society of America in 1968 and received its Thomas Hunt Morgan Medal in 1985, and was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1969 and the National Academy of Sciences in 1970. He also received honorary doctorates from Pierre and Marie Curie University (University of Paris 6) and the University of Missouri. He was also the founding editor of the "Annual Review of Genetics".
Roman suffered a stroke in January 1976. He remained active in research until his death from stroke at Swedish Hospital in Seattle, Washington, on July 2, 1989, aged 74.

</doc>
<doc id="20120316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120316" title="Rob Deering">
Rob Deering

Rob Deering is an English stand-up comedian, guitarist and writer.
Deering was the host and writer of three series of "Out to Lunch" on BBC Radio 2. He also hosted "99 Things to Do Before You Die" on Channel 5.
In 2007, Deering appeared on a special edition of The Weakest Link, winning the show and answering all his questions correctly.
Deering has appeared as a guest on shows including "Banter", "4 at the Fringe" on BBC Radio 4 and "Jammin" on BBC Radio 2. He has also guest starred in Jason Manford's Comedy Rocks.
Deering grew up in London and Oxfordshire and lives in London with his wife Julia and their children.
Deering also appeared on the Channel 4 quiz show Fifteen to One in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="20120355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120355" title="Scientific WorkPlace">
Scientific WorkPlace

Scientific WorkPlace (often abbreviated to SWP) is a software package for scientific word processing on Microsoft Windows. It is shipped as a WYSIWYG LaTeX-based word processor, together with the LaTeX document preparation system and an optional computer algebra system.
Scientific WorkPlace allows one to edit and typeset mathematical and scientific text using the WYSIWYM paradigm. All formula layout and entering of special characters can be done by either mouse or via keyboard shortcuts. As the user edits, they see the document presented in a formatted and typeset form.
Documents are stored in LaTeX format and can be typeset using any LaTeX processor to obtain typeset pages. Scientific Workplace comes with the TrueTex implementation of LaTeX and pdfTeX.
In this way SWP provides the high quality of LaTeX typesetting without requiring users to learn the LaTeX language.
Scientific WorkPlace includes a built-in computer algebra system (Maple in earlier versions and/or MuPAD in later versions) with which one can perform computations and generate plots from inside the editor.
Many document shells (i.e., templates) are included to meet the typesetting styles of specific professional journals and institutions. These shells use the corresponding LaTeX style files.
Subsets of these capabilities are available as Scientific Word (no computer algebra) and Scientific Notebook (limited LaTeX import/export, no LaTeX typesetter included).
Scientific WorkPlace combines the ease of entering and editing mathematics in mathematical notation with the ability to compute and plot with the built-in computer algebra engine. In this integrated working environment, the user can enter mathematics and perform computations without having to think or work in a programming language.
Additional Features.
SWP contains an "Exam Builder" to construct exams algorithmically and to generate, grade, and record quizzes on a web server.
SWP also provides tools for creating 2-D and 3-D plots in many styles and coordinate systems with colored backgrounds, grid lines, and plot labels in specified locations and orientations. 
SWP can open many existing LaTeX files, in particular those without custom macros, and also many with macro definitions not created in Scientific WorkPlace. The program also includes support for pdfTeX and the Hyperref package, to produce PDF documents that are fully hyperlinked, with links in the table of contents and with hierarchical bookmarks corresponding to the structure of your document.
SWP includes a "Style Editor" which allows users not familiar with LaTeX to create and modify LaTeX .sty files that customize the appearance of typeset text.
The software comes with an extensive online help system and a series of reference manuals.
Scientific WorkPlace can import text (.txt) and Rich Text Format (.rtf) files, and the user can copy content to the clipboard for export as text or graphics to other applications. It can create .dvi, .htm, .pdf, or .rtf files from the documents, or generate portable LaTeX output for transfer to different LaTeX installations.
Scientific WorkPlace has a built-in link to the World Wide Web. If a user has Internet access, a file can be opened at any URL address from inside the program, and content can be delivered via the Web. The software supports hypertext links, allowing the reader to navigate easily through a series of related documents. 
There is a "read only" version of the program, called Scientific Viewer, available at no cost from the vendors, which only allows to view and print documents.

</doc>
<doc id="20120358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120358" title="Robert Gilchrist, Jr.">
Robert Gilchrist, Jr.

Robert Gilchrist, Jr. (August 21, 1825 – July 6, 1888) was the Attorney General of New Jersey from 1870 to 1875.
Biography.
Gilchrist was born in Jersey City, New Jersey in 1825 to Robert Gilchrist and Frances (Fanny) Vacher. His father served as Clerk of Hudson County from 1840 to 1865 and as mayor of Jersey City from 1850 to 1852. He attended private schools, studied law, and was admitted to the New Jersey Bar in 1847. In 1859 he served in the New Jersey General Assembly. 
At the first call for troops in the Civil War, Gilchrist enlisted as a Captain in the 2nd New Jersey Regiment, serving from 1861 to 1865. In 1866, he was the Democratic candidate for the House of Representatives in the Fifth District but was defeated by the Republican George A. Halsey.
In 1869, Gilchrist was nominated by Governor Theodore Fitz Randolph as Attorney General. He was reappointed for a full five-year term in January 1870. In 1873, Governor Joel Parker appointed him to a commission assigned to revise the New Jersey State Constitution. Gilchrist retired from the position of Attorney General in 1875.
After serving as Attorney General, Gilchrist returned to private practice in Jersey City. He married late in life to Fredericka Raymond Beardsley, who wrote "The True Story of Hamlet and Ophelia" (1889). Gilchrist died at his home in Jersey City in 1888.

</doc>
<doc id="20120364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120364" title="Jean-Philippe Goncalves">
Jean-Philippe Goncalves

Jean-Philippe "Jean-Phi" Goncalves (born c. 1978, Angoulême, France) is a percussionist and record producer based out of Montreal, Canada.
An active member of Montreal's electronic music scene, Goncalves provides percussion for the bands Afrodizz, Plaster, Le Golden and Beast. As a producer he has worked with many French-speaking Quebecer musicians and in 2005 he collaborated with American recording artist Lauryn Hill.
The musician was particularly busy at the 2005 "Festival de Musique Émergente" (FME)—an annual new music festival held in Rouyn-Noranda, Quebec. During the festival he performed on 3 consecutive days for Afrodizz, Plaster and Dan Thouin respectively, causing one reporter to christen him "the star of the FME".
Plaster.
Plaster was formed in 2001 by Goncalves and keyboardist Alex McMahon; a year later they were joined by bassist François Plante, also of Afrodizz. The trio's sound has been described as a mixture of electro-jazz, funk, and drum and bass.
Their first album, "First Aid Kit", was released in 2005 and won the ADISQ award for Best Electronic or Techo Album in 2006.
In late 2010, after taking a temporary hiatus from his work with the band Beast, he stated that he would be rejoining the band Plaster.
Afrodizz.
Afrodizz is an eight-member afrobeat/afrofunk band from Montreal. Their music, a modern mix of afrobeat, jazz and funk, with a touch of trance, has been compared to that of The Herbaliser. Formed in 2002 by Montreal jazz guitarist, Gabriel Aldama, Goncalves has been the band's drummer since its inception.
The band has released two albums: "Kif Kif" in 2004, and "Froots" in 2006. According to a disclaimer on band's official website, Afrodizz is currently on hiatus while the band works on its next album.
Beast.
Goncalves first began working with vocalist Betty Bonifassi in 2006 on a project for the video game company Ubisoft in 2006. Like Goncalves, Betty Bonifassi was originally from France and had been an active member of the Montreal music scene for many years. The results of their recording sessions eventually evolved into Beast's aggressive trip rock sound.
The duo's experiments also led to another first for Goncalves, who wound up contributing some of his own vocals to Beast's debut album: "It was the first time I ever had a mic in front of my face", he said in an interview for CBC Radio 3. His vocal tracks were recorded with the intention of replacing them later in production, but Bonifassi insisted that they remain on the album.
At the end of 2010, citing lagging album sales, the tiresome effects of touring, and familial commitments (Bonifassi's son was 9 years old at the time of the split), the band-mates said they would be working separately on their own local projects in the coming year. Goncalves stated in an interview that the split was not due to any sort of quarrel between himself and Bonifassi. He also stated that he would be returning to the Montreal-based electro-jazz band Plaster.
Le Golden.
Originally formed in 2007 under the name Jedi Electro, Le Golden is yet another band of which Goncalves is a member. Le Golden's other members include Alex McMahon (also of Plaster), Jean-François Lemieux, Martin Lizotte and Dan Thouin.
Other projects.
Goncalves has worked as a producer for many French-speaking Quebecer musicians, including Pierre Lapointe, Jean-Pierre Ferland, Ariane Moffatt and Daniel Bélanger. 
In 2005 he and fellow Plaster band-mates Alex McMahon and François Plante collaborated with Lauryn Hill. In 2011 Goncalves and McMahon also composed an original electronic score for the Cirque Éloize production titled "Cirque Éloize iD". Later that same year Goncalves and his Plaster bandmates founded XS, a company specializing in composing music for use in film, advertising and multimedia projects. One of the company's first projects included creating sound effects and theme music for the grameshow "Le tricheur" (the cheater) which premiered on the Canadian French language television network TVA in January 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20120382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120382" title="National Innovative Enterprises">
National Innovative Enterprises

In the Republic of China, National Innovative Enterprises are a group of 91 companies chosen by the Ministry of Science and Technology (MOST) from an original list of 103 firms following a two-year trial period. The government selected the first 103 firms – all of which have patented technologies, well-known brands, an international competitive edge and technological sustainable development potential – in July 2006. In 2008, it was hoped that there would be 500 enterprises of its kind over the next three to five years.

</doc>
<doc id="20120408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120408" title="Insulin/IGF/Relaxin family">
Insulin/IGF/Relaxin family

The insulin/IGF/relaxin family is a group of evolutionary related proteins which possess a variety of hormonal activities. Family members in human include two subfamilies:
1) insulin and insulin-like growth factors
2) relaxin family peptides: 
Structure.
These proteins are characterized by having three disulfide bonds in a characteristic motif. Some family members have an additional disulfide bond also in a conserved location. All of these proteins have a helical segment (corresponding to B chain in insulin) followed by a variable-length chain, followed by a domain (A chain in insulin) with two helices pinned against each other via a disulfide bond. These two regions are linked by two or three disulfide bonds.
Amongst the different proteins in the family, very little of the sequence is conserved except for the disulfide bonds. The variable-length chains may exhibit large inter-species variation even when the remaider of the sequence is highly conserved; and as is in the case of insulin, sometimes the variable length chain is cleaved out by secretory endoproteases, leaving a two-chain protein held together by disulfide bonds.
See also.
Relaxin family peptide hormones
Relaxin
Relaxin-3
Relaxin/insulin-like family peptide receptor 1

</doc>
<doc id="20120412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120412" title="Six Giants of the Wisden Century">
Six Giants of the Wisden Century

The "Six Giants of the Wisden Century" are six cricketers who were judged by Sir Neville Cardus in 1963 to have been the most notable players of the previous 100 years. Cardus made his selection at the request of Wisden Cricketers' Almanack which issued its 100th annual edition in 1963.
Selection.
In alphabetical order, the six players selected were:
Alternatives.
Cardus was aware that any such selection would be controversial, for he wrote: "I can already hear in my imagination a thousand protesting voices (including my own)". He then named over a dozen other players that he had considered for the honour: 
Given that Cardus was making the choice, the omission of Rhodes is the biggest surprise. In another place, Cardus has written that he would "bend any rule to ensure that Wilfred is in my team".
Cardus explained that he had looked for more than brilliant batting and artful bowling. He wanted players who, in addition to scoring runs and taking wickets, "have given to the technique and style of cricket a new twist, a new direction". In other words, he wanted not just great players but "creative" players (Cardus used the italics himself).
Rationale.
His stated reasons for each of the six choices included the following comments:

</doc>
<doc id="20120436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120436" title="Mike Bamber">
Mike Bamber

Mike Bamber (16 October 1930 - 11 July 1988) was a British businessman and football executive. He was chairman of Brighton & Hove Albion for a period of more than ten years during the 1970s and 1980s during which time he oversaw the football club's promotion to the First Division of English football for the first time. 
Mike Bamber was a musician and then a property developer before becoming chairman of Brighton & Hove Albion.
Brighton & Hove Albion.
Bamber joined the board of Brighton & Hove Albion in 1970 and became joint chairman during the Christmas of 1972. 
Alongside vice-chairman Harry Bloom, Bamber negotiated the appointment of Brian Clough as manager in November 1973. Clough would later describe Bamber as "a wealthy, night-club-owning, gem of a man, who turned out to be the nicest and best chairman I ever worked for," and of his decision to leave Brighton for Leeds United after less than one year with the club he said, "I know it broke Mike Bamber's heart." Bamber is portrayed briefly in the 2009 movie The Damned United meeting Clough and Peter Taylor in the lounge of a Brighton seafront hotel to negotiate terms. 
Bamber later appointed Alan Mullery, who led the football club to the First Division in the 1978/79 season. He also appointed Jimmy Melia as Manager who led the club to their one and only FA Cup Final in 1983. The club lost that final and were relegated to the Second Division in the same season. Bamber left the board a year later, in the summer of 1984, when he was replaced as chairman by Bryan Bedson.
Death.
Bamber died at his home in Jersey on July 11, 1988, at the age of 57. Bamber, who had been suffering from cancer for two years, was survived by his wife Jean and their three sons. 
Commenting on Bamber's death in August 1988, Brighton's then chairman Dudley Sizen said, "Mike was the most successful chairman we've ever had and the club enjoyed its finest hours under his leadership."

</doc>
<doc id="20120454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120454" title="BT Research">
BT Research

BT Research is part of the "BT Technology, Service & Operations" division of BT Group, a provider of communications and services operating in 170 countries.
The organisation embodies an 'open innovation' approach, drawing on external resources such as partnerships with universities, suppliers, partners, customers and start-ups to complement the BT's internal research and innovation programme. BT Group is also a partner in collaborative research projects that are part of the UK's Technology Strategy Board programme, the EU Seventh Framework Programme, and the EU Competitiveness and Innovation Framework Programme.
__TOC__
Location.
BT's main research facility is located in the United Kingdom at Adastral Park, near Ipswich in the county of Suffolk. The Adastral Park site was first planned around 1968 as the Martlesham Heath Post Office Laboratories and after completion in 1971 has grown since then to a facility today which has around 4,000 research and development people from both BT and some of its partner companies. Globally, BT has additional research labs in Beijing, Boston MA and Abu Dhabi. The focus of research at BT is Information and Communications Technology (ICT).
The Royal Air Force were the original residents of the site in Suffolk at RAF Martlesham Heath. Experimental aircraft test flights flew from the airfield and the name (Adastral Park) is intended to reflect the history of experimentation and innovation, which is the continuing focus for the Park. The initial models and plans created by the MPBW to the MOW would appear to indicate the influence of the Thunderbirds TV series of the 1960s.
Activities.
Current research themes.
Major theme areas are;
Academic research partners.
BT works closely with both academics and students in over 20 institutions globally and has strong partnerships with the University of Cambridge in the UK, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in the USA and Tsinghua University in China. BT also leads the India-UK Advanced Technology Centre, a consortium of 22 Indian and UK industry and academic partners conducting research into current and next generation fixed and wireless communications.
History.
Research in the company was first established in 1921 at the Post Office Research Station at Dollis Hill, London. In 1968 BT began the move of its research to the new site at Martlesham Heath in Suffolk. By late 1969 small teams of researchers were working at Martlesham. The first new research building was formally opened on 21 November 1975 by Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom. The architect was Mr Stanislaw Spielrein ARIBA of the Ministry of Public Buildings and Works . The new building housed 1,700 people.
Patents.
By the turn of the Century , the site had produced over 10,000 patents.
Innovations from BT Research.
2006 - BT implemented the world's first fully automated 'spam buster' system to track down and tackle professional spammers and 'botnet'-infected customers on the BT broadband network.
2002 - Research and development teams designed and deployed a suite of new business systems allowing the launch of the UK's first commercial broadband internet access service.
1999 - BT announced that it had pushed commercial optical fibre transmission to 80Gbit/s. BT labs demonstrated the world's fastest regenerator — a photonic digital network component.
1995 - BT research designed and developed a Video on demand service, which was trialled in the local area [Ipswich - Colchester, with 2,500 customers. It used asymmetric data on a subscriber's line (Asymmetric digital subscriber line) over copper cables, with a decoder supplied by Apple. - article on trial
1987 - the world's first instantaneous translation of speech by computer was unveiled by BT's research laboratories.
1982 - Europe's first satellite transmission service was launched with Adastral Park's Satellite dishes beamed the television signals to the Orbital Test Satellite, run by Eutelsat, allowing Finnish and Norwegian viewers to receive the (English language) signals.
1979 - BT/PO launched Prestel, the world's first viewdata network.

</doc>
<doc id="20120471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120471" title="The Magic World">
The Magic World

The Magic World is an influential collection of twelve short stories by E. Nesbit. It was first published in book form in 1912 by Macmillan and Co. Ltd., with illustrations by H. R. Millar and Gerald Spencer Pryse. The stories, previously printed in magazines (like "Blackie's Children's Annual"), are typical of Nesbit's arch, ironic, clever fantasies for children.
The twelve stories in the collection are:
The story "The Aunt and Amabel" has received attention as a precursor of C. S. Lewis's first Narnia novel, "The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe". "Accidental Magic" has been seen as exerting an influence on J. R. R. Tolkien. Conversely, Nesbit's "Justnowland" displays the influence of Lewis Carroll's "Alice in Wonderland".
Elisabeth Beresford's 1964 book "Awkward Magic" was published in the United States under the title "The Magic World". Beresford has been identified as an imitator of Nesbit.
Nesbit's little girls tend to get in trouble over their efforts at gardening. Elsie in "Justnowland" uproots turnip plants she mistakes for weeds; Amabel cuts chrysanthemum blossoms from a greenhouse and tries to plant them in a flower bed. Stories in the collection feature talking animals and human/animal transformation, with implications regarding animal welfare and avoidance of mistreatment. The opening story is the most explicit in its message against cruelty to animals.

</doc>
<doc id="20120479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120479" title="LT&amp;SR 79 Class">
LT&amp;SR 79 Class

The London, Tilbury and Southend Railway (LTSR) 79 Class is a class of 4-4-2T suburban tank engines. They were designed by Thomas Whitelegg, as a development of the earlier 37 Class.
The four locomotives ordered by the LTSR were numbered 79–82 and were named after places in Essex, near the LTSR route. After absorption by the Midland Railway in 1912, they were renumbered 2176–2179 and their names were removed. The Midland gave them the power classification 3P, and later continued construction; an order for 10 locomotives was delivered in 1923, just after grouping.
Additional orders.
In addition to those constructed by the LTSR and MR, 35 were delivered to the London, Midland and Scottish Railway (LMS) – ten in 1923, five in 1925, ten in 1927, and a final 10 in 1930. The ten delivered in 1923 were to an outstanding order placed by the MR, the remainder were ordered by the LMS. The five delivered in 1925 were built by Nasmyth, Wilson and Company, with the other thirty built by the LMS's Derby Works. In 1947 the LMS assigned them the numbers 1928–1975, to clear their previous numbers for new LMS Fairburn 2-6-4T locomotives, but none of these was applied before nationalisation in 1948, leaving British Railways to apply the numbers 41928–41975.
They were later displaced from the LTS Line and found work on ex-Midland lines in the East Midlands.
One, 80 "Thundersley" has been preserved and is on static display at the Bressingham Steam Museum in Norfolk.

</doc>
<doc id="20120520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120520" title="Kristina Lennox-Silva">
Kristina Lennox-Silva

Kristina Lennox-Silva (born April 24, 1985 in Fort Lauderdale, Florida) is a female freestyle and butterfly swimmer from Puerto Rico, who was born in the United States. During her college career she swam for Villanova University and was a multiple time Big East finalist as well earning her All-Big East status. She represented Puerto Rico at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China and 2009 World Aquatics Championships in Rome, Italy. She is the sister of Douglas Lennox-Silva, who also competed as a swimmer at the 2008 Summer Olympics and 2009 World Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="20120526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120526" title="Arindam Roy">
Arindam Roy

Arindam Roy, born on 29th March and brought up in Cuttack. He is an Economics graduate from the Christ College, Cuttack and has a degree from the Utkal University, Bhubaneswar.
He was supposed to make his debut in Director Ghanteshwar Guru's Oriya film "I'm Sorry". However, for some reasons that film couldn't be completed and he finally made his debut with Prema Rutu Asilare and Bengali film Takkar (2008).
He uses the name Rishi Roy for Bengali Film Industry.
Life and career.
Arindam by profession, is a martial artist. He is a 4th degree black belt in Taekwondo (a Korean Martial Art) and is a national-level referee in the same field. His father Gopal Chandra Roy is the president of the Orissa Taekwondo Association and is also an international master and a referee. Arindam started learning Taekwondo under his father during his childhood and earned the black belt in 1992 at the age of 11. He got his 4th degree black belt in 2005. He has won several district level, state level and national level championships. He used to train students in Taekwondo before forging into the world of cinema. He was popularly referred to as Rantu sir (as his nickname is Rantu) by his students. He completed his schooling from the SCB Medical Public School, Cuttack.
Awards & Accreditation.
2013: Best Actor for the movie Raja Jhia Sange Heigala Bhaba By ETV
Maha Rathi (2014)
Premi (upcoming)
Daddy (Upcoming)
Rajanandini (Upcoming)
Danda Balunga-remake (Upcoming)
Bhaunri (Upcoming)
2013 – Mun Raja Tu Rani
2013 – Ashok Samrat 
2013 – Paribeni Kehi Alaga Kari
2012 – Parshuram
2012 – Raja Jhia Sange Heigala Bhaba
2012 – Gud Boy
2011 – Criminal
2011 – Hero
2011 – Tu Mo Girlfriend
2010 – Tu Tha Mun Jauchi Rushi
2009 – Tume Hin Saathi Mora
2009 – Mitare Mita
2009 – Romeo (Guest Appearance)
2007 – Kali Shankar
2008 – Mun Sapanara Soudagara
2007 – A Mana Manena
2007 – Lal Tuku Tuku Sadhaba Bohu
2007 – Mun Tate Love Karuchi
2007 – To Pain Nebi Mun Sahe Janama
2006 – Prema Rutu Asilare

</doc>
<doc id="20120528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120528" title="Douglas Lennox-Silva">
Douglas Lennox-Silva

Douglas Lennox-Silva (born April 10, 1987 in Fort Lauderdale, Florida) is a male butterfly swimmer from Puerto Rico, who was born in the United States. He represented Puerto Rico at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, PR China. He is the younger brother of Kristina Lennox-Silva, who also competed as a swimmer at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20120538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120538" title="Quetzatl">
Quetzatl

Esiris Kayab Lyons, also known as Quetzatl, is an American electronic musician and record producer. His music has charted extensively on College Radio Top Tens and is featured in Independent Films, Documentaries, and Television Programs. Relying heavily upon improvisation and taking an avant-garde approach, his music has been described as "an alien blend of disrupted electro and bleep led techno". His drum and bass recordings have been cited as "original and authentic" as well as "otherworldy". For Quetzatl releases such as "Meta Tek", visual counterparts have been produced.
Live performance.
Quetzatl has performed live music electronic music since 1998, and has toured with and performed at events with artists such as Sound Tribe Sector 9, Burning Spear, Kimball Collins, Hive, LTJ Bukem, DJ Spooky, Ming & FS, Richard Devine, Spacecraft, UFO!, Living Legends, Black Rebels, Larry Keel, Strut, Elemental Harmonics, Production Unit Xero, Garaj Mahal, Freddy Todd, Scorb amongst many others.

</doc>
<doc id="20120553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120553" title="Seven Day Weekend (album)">
Seven Day Weekend (album)

Seven Day Weekend is a collection of demos by rock band the New York Dolls. The tracks were recorded at Planet Studios in 1973 but the collection was not released until 1992. In addition to early versions of tracks released on "New York Dolls" and "Too Much Too Soon", there are five tracks that weren't released on the studio albums: "Seven Day Weekend", "Back in the USA", "Endless Party", "Great Big Kiss", and "Hoochie Coochie Man". (Johnny Thunders performed a version of "Great Big Kiss" on his 1978 album "So Alone").
Track listing.
All tracks written by David Johansen and Johnny Thunders, except as noted.

</doc>
<doc id="20120557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120557" title="Astragalus brauntonii">
Astragalus brauntonii

Astragalus brauntonii is a rare species of milkvetch known by the common name Braunton's milkvetch. It is endemic to California, where it is known from fewer than 20 extant occurrences in the hills and mountains surrounding the Los Angeles Basin in Southern California. This is a federally listed endangered species in the United States.
Distribution.
"Astragalus brauntonii" is a plant of the coastal prairie grasslands, coastal sage scrub, and chaparral plant communities of the region. It is often found growing in disturbed areas, especially in carbonate soils areas. The 16 known remaining populations are found in the southwestern Transverse Ranges (eastern Santa Monica Mountains, east end Simi Hills, south base San Gabriel Mountains), northern Peninsular Ranges (northwest side Santa Ana Mountains) — within Los Angeles, Orange, and Ventura Counties. They appear to be extirpated from the southern Channel Islands.
Description.
Braunton's milkvetch is a large perennial herb which grows from a woody caudex and reaches up to tall. The thick hollow stems are coated in coarse white hairs. Leaves are up to long and are made up of many pairs of oval-shaped leaflike leaflets. 
The inflorescence is a dense spike of up to 60 bright lilac flowers. Each pealike flower is about a centimeter long with a reflexed hood. The flowers wither and turn brown but remain on the plant instead of dropping off. The plant is pollinated by native "Megachile" bees and native bumble bees (i.e. "Bombus" sp.). 
The fruit is a small bent legume pod.
Fire ecology.
This plant, like many chaparral species, is fire-adapted and requires wildfire or other disturbance to propagate. The beanlike seeds require scarification to break down their tough seed coats before they can germinate. The seeds persist for years in the soil until fire allows them to sprout, with populations of the plant springing up in an area that has been recently swept by wildfire. 
It is a pioneer species, one of the first to grow in a disturbed area and one that is soon crowded out by plant species that appear later in ecological succession. Wildfire suppression in the hills and mountains surrounding Los Angeles prevent the plant from reproducing. 

</doc>
<doc id="20120569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120569" title="Archibald Heron">
Archibald Heron

Archibald (Archie) Heron (died 10 May 1971) was an Irish Labour Party politician and trade unionist. He was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Labour Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dublin North–West constituency at the 1937 general election. He lost his seat at the 1938 general election.
He was a longtime member of Dublin's famed United Arts Club. He married Ina Connolly, daughter of Irish Citizen Army leader James Connolly.

</doc>
<doc id="20120573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120573" title="System 3">
System 3

System 3 could refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20120594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120594" title="Coming Home (Alex Lloyd song)">
Coming Home (Alex Lloyd song)

"Coming Home" is a 2003 single by Australian artist Alex Lloyd from his album Distant Light.
The single peaked at No. 24 on the Australian ARIA Charts, and was ranked No. 39 on Triple J Hottest 100 for 2003.
Coming Home is the theme song for the "Run Home" program on SEN 1116, and the opening theme for "Bondi Vet" on Network Ten.
Official tracklisting.
Australian CD Single

</doc>
<doc id="20120607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120607" title="CKY discography">
CKY discography

The discography of CKY, an American alternative rock band, consists of four studio albums, two compilation album, two extended plays (EPs), three singles, one video album and four promotional singles.

</doc>
<doc id="20120614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120614" title="Montigny mitrailleuse">
Montigny mitrailleuse

The Montigny mitrailleuse was an early type of crank-operated machine-gun developed by the Belgian gun works of Joseph Montigny between 1859 and 1870. It was an improved version of the "Mitrailleuse", () invented by Belgian Captain Fafschamps in 1851 which was a fixed 50-barrelled volley gun. 
The Montigny mitrailleuse was designed to defend narrow defensive positions such as the moats of fortresses. The Belgian army initially purchased Fafschamps volley guns. Only later did they acquire Montigny mitrailleuses. 
Joseph Montigny also promoted and sold the weapon for offensive field use by placing the weapon on an artillery carriage.
Specifications.
The weapon consisted of 37 barrels of 11 mm inside a cylindrical protective casing. Loading was performed with a loading plate containing 37 cartridges. It was inserted against the breech in one stroke and locked in with a hinged loading lever attached to the rear of the gun. The ammunition had a brass head and thin rolled brass foil body and was fired by needle pins. With the rotation of a crank, all shots were fired simultaneously, although later improvements used a cam which permitted the progressive firing of the 37 shots. Around 150–250 shots per minute could be fired depending on the skills of the operators. The whole weapon was very heavy, weighing .
The Montigny Mitrailleuse was built in numbers and used mostly to defend Belgian forts and other defensive positions.
Development of the Reffye mitrailleuse.
Napoleon III showed personal interest in the mitrailleuse. Montigny had approached the French army for the purpose of a sale. Experiments to evaluate the weapon began in 1863 in a French facility near Paris but the decision was made to build a similar weapon by sole French means. Manufacture began at Meudon in 1866 under the direction of Verchères de Reffye and the undisclosed assistance of Montigny. Hence the weapon is usually known as the "Reffye mitrailleuse". Altogether 215 mitrailleuses were manufactured for the French Army before the Franco-Prussian War of 1870-71. They were of the 13mm, 25-barrels type, and used elongated shotgun shell style cartridges instead of foil cartridges as in the Montigny mitrailleuse. The weapon, which was on an artillery carriage, was deployed in six gun batteries and manned by artillery personnel. Most of the time, they were used quite ineffectively to engage distant targets. When the weapon was engaged at the Battle of Gravelotte in 1871, in an infantry support role and at shorter distances, it produced devastating effects.

</doc>
<doc id="20120628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120628" title="Andreas Lauritz Thune">
Andreas Lauritz Thune

Andreas Lauritz Thune (1848 – 1920) was a Norwegian engineer and businessman, associated with the company Thunes Mekaniske Værksted.
He was born in Drammen. His grandfather, who was a blacksmith by profession, had founded a workshop in that city in 1815. The workshop developed to the manufacturing company Thunes Mekaniske Værksted, or Thune for short. It moved to Kristiania in 1851, with Andreas' father in charge.
Andreas Lauritz Thune graduated from Horten Technical College in 1868. He took over Thune in 1871, at the age of twenty-three. At that time the production facilities were located in the downtown street "Ruseløkkveien", but Andreas Thune moved to the nearby street "Munkedamsveien". He started production of agricultural machinery and steam engines, and locomotive production began in the 1890s. Around the turn of the 20th century Thune became the most important locomotive manufacturer in Norway, along with Hamar Jernstøberi og Mekaniske Verksted. Between 1901 and 1920 these two manufacturers delivered about 250 locomotives to the Norwegian State Railways. To allow this kind of production, the production facilities had moved to rural Skøyen, as the locale in "Munkedamsveien" became too small for large-scale industrial production, and expansion was physically difficult. Andreas Thune had bought the property Kjellebekk, near Skøyen Railway Station, and was personally registered as owner in the 1899 property valuation. Originally using the estate as a country house, he commenced the building of production halls in 1901 and moved in with the company the next year.
In 1889 Andreas Thune had been among the founders of the employers' organization "De Mekaniske Værksteders Forening". With the Norwegian Union of Iron and Metalworkers, a trade union which is now a part of the United Federation of Trade Unions, MVF negotiated Norway's first collective bargaining agreement in 1907. The name was changed to "Mekaniske Værksteders Landsforening" in 1908, and to "Teknologibedriftenes Landsforening" (Federation of Norwegian Manufacturing Industries) in 1989. Following a 2006 merger, it is now a part of the Federation of Norwegian Industries.
Andreas Thune was proclaimed Commander of the Order of St. Olav in 1897.

</doc>
<doc id="20120639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120639" title="1990–91 Asian Cup Winners' Cup">
1990–91 Asian Cup Winners' Cup

The 1990–91 Asian Cup Winners' Cup was the first edition of the continental football competition for cup winners of member nations of the AFC. Persepolis of Iran were duly crowned champions after defeating Muharraq of Bahrian 1:0 over two legs in the final.
Seventeen clubs entered the competition, but a number of clubs withdrew before games took place.
First round.
1 Al Qadisiya withdrew. <br>
2 Renown SC withdrew.
Second round.
1 Daewoo Royals withdrew. <br>
2 Both Krama Yudha Tiga Berlian and Dalian withdrew; the tie was scratched.

</doc>
<doc id="20120641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120641" title="Bomb the World">
Bomb the World

"Bomb the World" is a protest song single by Michael Franti & Spearhead from their album "Everyone Deserves Music". The song was written in the dark aftermath of September 11.
Lyrics from the song such as "You can bomb the world to pieces, but you can't bomb it into peace", have found their way onto protest signs and T-shirts all over the world from Los Angeles to Berlin, San Francisco to CNN, at demonstrations for peace large and small.
A remix called "Bomb The World" (Armageddon Mix) was produced by reggae/funk giants Sly and Robbie.
Tracklistings.
US CD

</doc>
<doc id="20120645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120645" title="List of road protests in the UK and Ireland">
List of road protests in the UK and Ireland

This article lists individual current and past Road protests in the United Kingdom and in Ireland.
Current protests.
Central Access Scheme, Kilkenny, Ireland.
Kilkenny Central Access Scheme (CAS), previously Kilkenny Inner Relief Road Scheme, is sections of new road, improvement of existing roads and junctions, and a new River Nore bridge crossing, with provisions for footpaths and cycle lanes throughout. CAS comprises 4.5 kilometers of single carriageway road that is 7.3 metres wide.
The proposed route dissects the medieval core of the old Irishtown of Kilkenny, one of the most historic quarters of the city.
The campaign group called "Complete Kilkenny Ring Road as a priority over the CAS" or CKRR is holding demonstrations to gain further support for a call to rethink the CAS and demand to complete the outer ring road around Kilkenny. Several of Kilkenny’s leading figures in the areas of tourism, heritage and archaeology – as well as local residents – have come out strongly against the imminent demolition of a number of historic buildings and the altering of one of the city’s oldest streetscapes.
A14 Ellington to Fen Ditton.
The Highways Agency wishes to increase capacity on the busy section of the A14 between Ellington and Fen Ditton. to reduce congestion and improve safety
The "Offords A14 Action Group" formed to oppose the proposed route (the "Orange route") for the scheme, favouring the "Brown route" which would have taken the new road further away from their villages. Cambridgeshire County Council have backed the scheme, and there is reported to be widespread support within the local communities for the plans.
A514 Swarkestone Causeway protest.
During 2009 a protest group campaigning for a new causeway at Swarkestone, Derbyshire was established.
A57/A628 Mottram in Longdendale, Hollingworth and Tintwistle Bypass.
The Highways Agency (HA) have planned to provide a section of bypass (also known as the Longdendale Bypass) to tackle congestions problems in Mottram, Hollingworth, and Tintwistle. and residents of these villages have campaigned for a bypass since the 1970s. Four groups: the "Save Swallows Wood campaign", the "Friends of the Peak District", the "Council for the National Parks", and South Yorkshire group "WAIT" oppose the scheme, which will pass through the Peak District National Park, and the Swallows Wood nature reserve. In December 2007 the inquiry was adjourned for the fourth time at the request of the Highways Agency who requested time to adjust their correct their traffic modelling, the inspector commented that it was the fifth iteration of the traffic model since the original announcement in February 2006.
Boston Bypass.
In May 2007 a single-issue political party, the "Independent Bypass Group", campaigning for a bypass to be built around Boston, Lincolnshire, took control of Boston Borough Council, wiping out the Labour Party majority.
Norwich Northern Distributor Road.
A proposed road scheme to the north of Norwich linking the A1067 road and Norwich International Airport to the A47
has attracted opposition from both local and national groups.
Priory Park, Southend.
Southend Borough Council wishes to build road to upgrade A1159/Priory Crescent in Southend in a dual carriageway.
The Camp Bling protest camp was established in 2005
and was still active in October 2008 and intending to stay in place until the road is scrapped.
At a meeting with the council in April 2009 the authority told the protesters that the road widening scheme had been abandoned and the protesters agreed to leave.
Whaplode and Moulton bypass.
In May 2007 the Spalding Guardian reported again that campaigners were calling for a bypass around the Lincolnshire villages of Whaplode and Moulton to made a top priority. This call followed another fatal collision on the A151 road in Moulton. Measures which have already been taken on the road, including lower speed limits and speed cameras, haven't stopped the increasing death toll. The current campaign to have a bypass built started in 2002. In June 2004 the campaign group "WRATH"' (Whaplode Residents Against Traffic Horror) was launched to lobby for the bypass. In January 2005 "WRATH" submitted a proposed route for the bypass to Lincolnshire County Council. In July 2007, "WRATH" organised a three-mile (5 km) protest march through the villages to publicise their campaign. A Lincolnshire county councillor was reported to have said that there were twenty one other villages in Lincolnshire saying they had a need for a bypass.
Others.
Other active protests include the ones against the following schemes: The South Bristol Link Road, Weymouth Relief Road, Bilston Glen [http://www.bilstonglen-abs.org.uk], M6 widening, Bexhill to Hastings Link Road, Heysham to M6 Link, Kingskerswell Bypass, M1 Widening, Aberdeen Bypass, and the Westbury Bypass. In Ireland there is a protest opposed to bypassing the town of Slane with a new N2 dual carriageway which will pass a few kilometres from the Newgrange ancient monument.
Past protests.
1997- the present day.
A66 Temple Sowerby bypass.
The bypass around Temple Sowerby opened October 2007. The bypass aims to reduce traffic in the village by 95%. Locals had been calling for a bypass since the 1960s. In 1974 the government announced plans to build one, but these were abandoned in 1983. This was followed by years of increasingly vocal protests.
M74 Extension.
Transport Scotland planned for some time to extend the M74 by five miles to link it to the M8. The M74 Extension, also known as 'M74 Completion' and 'M74 Northern Extension', extended the M74 northwards by through the south-eastern suburbs of Dalmarnock, Polmadie, Rutherglen, Govanhill and the Gorbals to meet the M8 near the Kingston Bridge in Glasgow on an elevated embankment. The Scottish Executive reported that the scheme will lead to a wealthier and fairer, healthier, safer and stronger, and greener future. However, JAM74, a coalition of community, environmental and sustainable transport groups, believed the scheme will be detrimental.
In May 2003, the Green and Socialist MSPs joined local campaigners to stop the project. A public inquiry for the scheme ran from December 2003 until March 2004 and the report, not published until March 2005 recommended against the building of the road, saying that it would "be very likely to have very serious undesirable results". The transport secretary at the time, Nicol Stephen, simultaneously announced that insufficient weight had been given to the economic benefits that the scheme would bring and that they would proceed with the scheme. Friends of the Earth Scotland said that it was "probably the worst environmental decision ever taken by the Scottish Executive" and that they would challenge the decision in court but then withdrew it in June 2006 on legal advice. In September 2004, the EU ruled that land on which the road was to be built should be classified as hazardous due to chromium dumps buried underground.
Construction work started in 2008, and the road opened on 28 June 2011. The extension involved the demolition of the Rosebery Park football ground.

</doc>
<doc id="20120661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120661" title="Alasdair Fotheringham">
Alasdair Fotheringham

Alasdair Fotheringham is a British foreign affairs and sports journalist, specializing in cycle racing. Based in Spain, Fotheringham works as a freelance journalist and has written articles for The Independent, The Independent On Sunday, The Guardian, The Daily Express, The Sunday Express, Cycling Weekly and Reuters. He has been The Independent's cycling correspondent since 2001, and having covered the Tour de France 17 times, Fotheringham covered the Olympic Games for the first time in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20120690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120690" title="Astragalus breweri">
Astragalus breweri

Astragalus breweri is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Brewer's milkvetch. It is endemic to northern California, where it is found in several counties surrounding the north edge of the San Francisco Bay Area. It grows in open habitat in the North Coast Ranges, sometimes on serpentine soils. 
Description.
This is a small annual herb producing stems usually only a few centimeters long. The small leaves are made up of widely spaced leaflets with notched tips. The inflorescence arises on a rough-haired peduncle and holds up to ten pealike flowers. Each flower is about a centimeter long and colored white, yellow, or pale lavender, sometimes with light purple streaks. The fruit is an oval-shaped legume pod up to a centimeter long armed with a sharp beak. It contains 2 to 6 beanlike seeds.

</doc>
<doc id="20120696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120696" title="Smiths Lake, New South Wales">
Smiths Lake, New South Wales

Smiths Lake is a small village in the Mid North Coast region, located within the Great Lakes Council local government area of New South Wales, Australia. Smiths Lake is approximately north of Sydney. Smiths Lake gives its name to the village, situated nearby. At the 2011 census, Smiths Lake had a population of people.
Tourism.
Smiths Lake is a popular tourist destination, mostly due to its position next to several waterways. Popular tourist activities include boating and fishing on the local lakes (Smiths Lake, Myall Lakes and Wallis Lake) or swimming and sunbathing at the local beaches (Cellitos beach, Blueys beach, Boomerang beach, Elizabeth beach, and Seal Rocks beach - also the unofficially naturist Shelley Beach). Other activities include nature walks in the surrounding national parks or visiting a regional attraction, such as Seal Rocks lighthouse or The Grandis, the tallest tree known in New South Wales at tall.[http://www.about-australia.com/travel-guides/new-south-wales/north-coast-nsw/attractions/natural/grandis-the-tallest-tree-in-nsw/]
Commercial fishing.
Smiths Lake supported a small commercial fishing industry up until April 2007, when the lake was incorporated into the "Port Stephens-Great Lakes Marine Park". Because of this, almost half of Smiths Lake is classed as a "Sanctuary Zone", which means commercial fishing in that area is illegal. This led to many of the local fishermen leaving in search of other areas to fish.

</doc>
<doc id="20120698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120698" title="1957 VFL Grand Final">
1957 VFL Grand Final

The 1957 VFL Grand Final was an Australian rules football game contested between the Melbourne Football Club and Essendon Football Club, held at the Melbourne Cricket Ground on 21 September 1957. It was the 61st annual Grand Final of the Victorian Football League, staged to determine the premiers for the 1957 VFL season. The match, attended by 100,324 spectators, was won by Melbourne by 61 points, marking that club's ninth premiership victory. 
This was Melbourne's fourth successive Grand Final appearance and third successive premiership. Ron Barassi starred for the Demons with five goals, four of them in the first half to put the game out of Essendon's reach. Melbourne's coach Norm Smith had previously participated in successive premierships as a player, from 1939 to 1941.

</doc>
<doc id="20120719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120719" title="1998 Afghanistan earthquake">
1998 Afghanistan earthquake

There were two major earthquakes in Afghanistan in 1998:

</doc>
<doc id="20120723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120723" title="Everyone Deserves Music (song)">
Everyone Deserves Music (song)

"Everyone Deserves Music" is a single by Michael Franti & Spearhead from their album "Everyone Deserves Music".
The song was ranked #34 on Triple J's Hottest 100 for 2003.
Tracklistings.
Australian CD Single
UK CD Single

</doc>
<doc id="20120746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120746" title="Nemanja Matić">
Nemanja Matić

Nemanja Matić (Serbian Cyrillic: Немања Матић; ; born 1 August 1988) is a Serbian footballer who plays for Chelsea in the Premier League, as a midfielder. He also plays for the Serbian national team.
Club career.
Chelsea.
On 18 August 2009, Matić signed for Chelsea from MFK Košice for a fee of around £1.5 million in a four-year contract, having been on trial at Middlesbrough. He was given the number 24 shirt by Chelsea but wasn't able to make his debut immediately due to the injury he picked up at the 2009 under-21 championships. He was on the bench for Chelsea's League Cup match against Queens Park Rangers on 23 September 2009, but did not take any part in the 1–0 victory. Matić made his Premier League debut for Chelsea on 21 November, coming on as a substitute for Florent Malouda in the 69th minute in a 4–0 win over Wolverhampton Wanderers.
On 23 August 2010, Matić transferred to Dutch Eredivisie club Vitesse on a one-year loan, together with teammates Slobodan Rajković and Matej Delač.
Benfica.
On 31 January 2011, Matić was transferred to Portuguese club Benfica along with €25 million (£21M) in a swap deal for Brazilian centre back David Luiz. On 13 January 2013, Matić scored Benfica's first goal in an entertaining 2–2 draw with O Clássico rivals Porto. The next day, he was awarded with a contract extension lasting until 2018, with the buyout clause set at €45 million.
In Benfica's second-leg Round of 32 Europa League clash with Bayer Leverkusen, Matić headed in a late goal after a cross from Lima to seal a 3–1 aggregate victory. Matić was an integral member throughout the Primeira Liga campaign as Benfica looked to claim the club's first league championship since 2010. Going into the penultimate game of the season against rivals Porto, both teams were undefeated in league play, but a stoppage-time winner from substitute Kelvin gave Porto a 2–1 victory, a win which eventually sealed a third straight title for the Dragons.
On 15 May, Matić faced former employers Chelsea in the Europa League final in Amsterdam but was on the losing side as Benfica fell to a 2–1 defeat, courtesy of a last minute Branislav Ivanović header. On 4 July 2013, he was named Primeira Liga Player of the Year, after having won the monthly award three times over the course of the season. On 13 January 2014, Matić placed second in FIFA Puskás Award.
Return to Chelsea.
On 15 January 2014, Matić rejoined Chelsea for a fee of £21 million, on a five-and-a-half-year contract. He made his second debut for the club four days later, replacing Willian in a 3-1 win against Manchester United.
International career.
Matić's debut for the Serbia under-21 team came in a match against Denmark on 11 October 2008. After three matches and two goals for the Serbia under-21 squad, he was called up to the Serbian senior squad and made his debut in a friendly against Poland on 14 December 2008 in a 1–0 loss.
Matić took part in the 2009 UEFA Euro under-21 Championship, where he played 85 minutes in the first group match against Italy in a 0–0 draw. Matić, however, injured himself after contact with Italian forward Sebastian Giovinco. He broke the fifth metatarsal in his right foot and was forced to undergo surgery.
In December 2012, Matić announced he would not play for the Serbian national team while Siniša Mihajlović is the coach. The reason he gave for this decision is that he felt he was not given the right opportunity by the coach not playing a single minute in his last five call-ups. On 6 September 2013, Matić returned to his national team on a 2014 FIFA World Cup qualification match against Croatia, being sent off at 75th minute.

</doc>
<doc id="20120774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120774" title="Bobby Jones (footballer)">
Bobby Jones (footballer)

Robert Stanley Jones, known as Bobby Jones, was born in Bristol on 28 October 1938. He was a professional footballer who played for Bristol Rovers, Northampton Town and Swindon Town in the Football League, and for non-league sides Soundwell and Minehead.
After retiring from playing, Jones was manager of Bath City.

</doc>
<doc id="20120777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120777" title="Notonykia">
Notonykia

Notonykia is a genus of squid in the family Onychoteuthidae. The type species is "Notonykia africanae".
External links.
Tree of Life web project: "Notonykia"

</doc>
<doc id="20120783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120783" title="Norwegian Union of Iron and Metalworkers">
Norwegian Union of Iron and Metalworkers

The Norwegian Union of Iron and Metalworkers () was a trade union in Norway, organized under the national Norwegian Confederation of Trade Unions.
It was founded in 1891. In 1988 it was merged with the Norwegian Union of Clothing Workers, the Norwegian Union of Building Industry Workers, the Norwegian Union of Paper Industry Workers and the Norwegian Union of Forestry and Land Workers to form the United Federation of Trade Unions.

</doc>
<doc id="20120811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120811" title="Ibutamoren">
Ibutamoren

Ibutamoren (MK-677, L-163,191) is a drug which acts as a potent, orally active growth hormone secretagogue, mimicking the GH stimulating action of the endogenous hormone ghrelin. It has been demonstrated to increase the release of, and produces sustained increases in plasma levels of several hormones including growth hormone and IGF-1, but without affecting cortisol levels. It is currently under development as a potential treatment for reduced levels of these hormones, such as in growth hormone deficient children or elderly adults, and human studies have shown it to increase both muscle mass and bone mineral density, making it a promising therapy for the treatment of frailty in the elderly. It also alters metabolism of body fat and so may have application in the treatment of obesity.

</doc>
<doc id="20120832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120832" title="Worthing Hospital">
Worthing Hospital

Worthing Hospital is a medium-sized District General Hospital (DGH) located in Worthing, West Sussex, England. It has approximately 500 beds. In 2001 a £1.3m Children’s Centre opened, enabling almost all children’s healthcare needs to be met under one roof. The hospital is now run by Western Sussex Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust, which also runs Southlands Hospital in Shoreham-by-Sea and St Richard's Hospital in Chichester. It was previously run by Worthing & Southlands Hospitals NHS Trust, which merged with the Royal West Sussex NHS Trust in April 2009. In July 2013 it became a Foundation Trust.
The hospital is located just north-east of Worthing town centre, between Homefield Park and Beach House Park.
In 2011 the Hospital invested £14 Million building a children's A&E, two new wards and an outpatients department. It has since built a new Breast Screening Unit.
The hospital was threatened with downsizing or closure as part of the NHS Strategic Health Authority's 'Fit For The Future' proposal. A series of marches and protest events were held in both Worthing and Chichester against the plans. In June 2008, the West Sussex Primary Care Trust Board recommended that Worthing Hospital be the 'major general hospital' for West Sussex and that St Richard's Hospital in Chichester be downgraded. The recommendation is that services should be centralised at Worthing and moved away from St Richard's Hospital. In October 2008, the Trust Boards of Worthing and Southlands NHS Trust and the Royal West Sussex NHS Trust agreed ‘in principle’ to a merger. This would form one organisation managing St Richards, Worthing and Southlands hospitals. 
In November 2008, the friends of Worthing Hospital started fundraising for a new £1 million CT scanner.
Seaside Hospital Radio broadcasts to patients of Worthing Hospital, as well as Southlands Hospital.
History.
Worthing's first hospital was a dispensary created in 1829 in Ann Street. A new dispensary was set up in 1845 in Chapel Road, which when enlarged in 1860 became known as the Worthing Infirmary and Dispensary. The Worthing Infirmary and Dispensary moved to the current site in Lyndhurst Road in 1882 and was given the name Worthing Hospital in 1902. The Princess Royal opened the hospital's new East Wing in 1998.
Ratings.
Worthing Hospital was praised for its standard of care in a recent report (2011) by the Care Quality Commission (CQC). In the report, entitled Review of Compliance, the CQC said the hospital met “all the essential standards of quality and safety”. Inspectors stated those who used the service benefited from safe quality care, treatment and support due to “effective decision making” and the “management of risks to their health, welfare and safety”. The Trust as a whole (Worthing, Southlands and St Richard's hospitals) had no cases of MRSA bloodstream infection throughout the whole of 2011. At the time of writing (Feb 2012) this is still the case.
In October 2008, the hospital received overall ratings of "fair" for quality of services and use of resources In January 2008, the hospital's maternity unit received a rating of "good", narrowly missing by one point a rating of "excellent".

</doc>
<doc id="20120834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120834" title="Rixon">
Rixon

Rixon is a surname of Anglo-Saxon origination which may refer to:
Rixson and Rickson are variations of Rixon:

</doc>
<doc id="20120838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120838" title="Absolutely Positively">
Absolutely Positively

"Absolutely Positively" is the second single from American singer Anastacia's fourth studio album, "Heavy Rotation". The single was released in February 2009, following a confirmation by Anastacia during a performance on "This Morning" on Monday, November 3, 2008. The soulful pop and R&B song was produced by Chuck Harmony, and was written by Harmony and Shaffer Smith. The song was released to European radio on November 7, 2008. The video for the song was filmed in November 2008 by Nigel Dick, who also directed the videos for "I'm Outta Love" and "Cowboys & Kisses".
Critical reception.
Digital Spy editor Alex Fletcher wrote: "Soulful funk of 'Absolutely Positively' has 'Sound of 2008' stamped all over it." Another critic, Maddy Costa of The Guardian also called it "Stevie Wonder-style soul-funk." Virgin Media editor Ian Gittins praised the vocal performance, where Anastacia is "recalling vocal giants such as Patti Labelle on the playfully Motown-like Absolutely Positively."
Promotion.
Anastacia performed the song in 2008 and 2009 at the following events:

</doc>
<doc id="20120839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120839" title="Because I Love You (September song)">
Because I Love You (September song)

"Because I Love You" was the third and final single released from September's album, "Dancing Shoes", and acted as a promotional single for September's compilation album "Gold" in November 2008. The single was also released in the Netherlands as the fourth single from Dancing in Orbit. It was released on 13 July 2009.
Music video.
A music video was filmed for "Because I Love you" but the management team were not happy with it. A new video was filmed in the beginning of December, but was never released.
Track listing.
Because I Love You EP - Released: 26 November 2008 (Sweden)
Information for this section came from the Swedish iTunes Store.

</doc>
<doc id="20120859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120859" title="Chrysler D platform (RWD)">
Chrysler D platform (RWD)

The rear wheel drive D platform was a body on frame chassis used only by Imperial from 1957 until 1966, (although Chrysler would not use such nomenclature until 1964). The standard chassis had a wheelbase and the extended wheelbase (limousine) chassis had a wheelbase of . The D Platform had no major components in common with any other Chrysler product and consequently maintained noticeably wider shoulder room and different exterior styling from contemporaneous Chrysler C platforms.

</doc>
<doc id="20120861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120861" title="María Luz Incident">
María Luz Incident

The was a diplomatic incident between the early Meiji government of the Empire of Japan and the Republic of Peru over a merchant ship with Chinese indentured labourers in Yokohama in 1872. It was an early test of the independence of the Japanese judiciary system and a challenge to the extraterritoriality provisions of the unequal treaties then in force between Japan and the western powers.
History.
On July 9, 1872, the "María Luz", a Peruvian cargo ship en route from Macao to Callao, Peru with a cargo of Chinese indentured labourers for Peruvian plantations, called on the treaty port of Yokohama, Japan to repair damage suffered during a severe storm. While anchored at Yokohama, one Chinese coolie aboard escaped by jumping overboard and swimming to the nearby British warship HMS "Iron Duke". When he was turned over to Japanese authorities at Yokohama port, he complained about severe mistreatment and asked for protection and the rescue of 231 other Chinese aboard who were suffering from the same fate. The captain of the "María Luz", Ricardo Herrera, was summoned by Japanese authorities and strongly admonished to treat the escapee with leniency and to take better care of his indentured charges.
However, another Chinese indentured labourer soon escaped, and word reached acting British consul Robert Grant Watson that the first escapee had been brutally treated by the Peruvian captain on his return to the ship. Together with a boarding party of British Marines, Watson personally inspected the vessel, and found that the rumor was true, and that the Chinese passengers were being treated in conditions similar to slavery. Watson formally approached Japanese Foreign Minister Soejima Taneomi to take action.
The Japanese government was initially hesitant to take action, as Japan had no formal diplomatic relations with Peru, whose interests in Japan were being handled by the United States. Kanagawa governor Mutsu Munemitsu was strongly opposed to any intervention which might damage Japanese relations with the western nations; however Justice Minister Etō Shimpei felt that the issue could not be ignored for humanitarian reasons. The head of the State Council, Sanjō Sanetomi, authorized Soejima to proceed, and Mutsu resigned his position in protest.
Soejima took steps to prevent the "María Luz" from leaving port, and after reviewing the ship's records and interviewing the officers, found that its cargo of illiterate indentured laborers had been deceived in Macao into signing contracts, the contents of which they could not read or understand, and were being confined against their will under inhumane conditions. Many had been kidnapped, and most had no idea of the location of their final destination. At a preliminary hearing presided over by Ōe Taku, a court order allowing the Chinese to go shore at Yokohama was issued, and the court declared that the shipping company owning the "María Luz" was guilty of wrongdoing. All of the foreign countries represented in Japan at the time were informed of the decision and their opinions were solicited.
However, every country with the exception of the United Kingdom responded negatively, charging that Japan had overstepped the bounds of various treaties to rule against a foreign company and foreign captain. In addition, the incident had arisen within the borders of Yokohama, which was at the center of the extraterritorial zone granted by treaty. Ōe turned to Soejima, who upheld the court's decision despite foreign opposition and charges of lack of jurisdiction, and on August 30, Ōe ruled that the Chinese labourers were freed of their contracts.
Herrera challenged the decision in an appeal with English barrister F.V. Dickens (who was fluent in classical Japanese and a translator of Japanese poetry) as his legal advisor. Dickens countered with the argument that involuntary servitude was practiced in Japan in the form of the sale of prostitutes and in the contractual debts of apprenticeship, and was thus not illegal. He further charged that since the Chinese labourers had been hired in Macao, the case fell within the jurisdiction of Portugal due to extraterritoriality agreements between Japan and Portugal, and was supported in this stance by letters from the Portuguese ambassador to Japan. However, Dickens' arguments were not accepted by Ōe, and he lost in a court decision on September 26, with the Japanese judge ruling that the Peruvian captain and contractor were in violation of international law, and not Japanese law. After the ruling, Herrera fled from Yokohama to Shanghai on another vessel, abandoning the "María Luz" at Yokohama.
The Qing dynasty Chinese government issued an official letter thanking the Japanese government for its strong stance and assistance rendered to Chinese subjects; however, most European nations remained displeased with the court rulings, and supported official diplomatic protests from the Peruvian government. In June 1873, the Japanese government requested that Tsar Alexander II of Russia arbitrate the issue as a neutral party, and in 1875 he confirmed Japan's position.
Significance.
The "María Luz" Incident was a diplomatic victory for Japan in asserting itself against the unequal treaties. The outcome of the incident accelerated the decline of the "coolie trade" in Peru and elsewhere. In Japan, the incident also led to new legislation in late 1872, emancipating "burakumin" outcasts, prostitutes and other forms of bonded labor in Japan. The Republic of Peru, despite having lost the trial, won the right to be treated as a Western power, which speaks well of the level of its diplomats that with deception, typical of the diplomatic activity, managed to the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Meiji Emperor to sign a Treaty of Friendship, Commerce and Navigation which was at the level of the powers like the United States and the United Kingdom. This event was listed in Peru as the first success in foreign policy and the first agreement reached with an oriental country.

</doc>
<doc id="20120864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120864" title="Cranked eye bolt">
Cranked eye bolt

A cranked eye bolt is an eye bolt typically used as a structural tie down in building construction where the eye of the bolt must be fastened to a point that cannot be directly below where the shaft would otherwise be fastened. This often occurs where a bearer must be tied down to a post or column but the bearer cannot be directly fastened to the post of column.
It has a shaft which is "cranked", or bent twice: once off center, and a second time to bring the shaft back parallel to the original shaft.
Uses.
The requirement for an offset tie down will occur when vermin proofing must be placed between the column or post, and a wooden bearer, for example to stop termites travelling up through a concrete or wooden post or column directly into the bearer and the rest of the building. The "ant capping", typically a 0.5mm to 0.8mm thick galvanised steel sheet, must be placed between the post and the bearer overlapping the perimeter of the post by approximately 20mm to 40mm or more. The cranked eye bolt is fastened to the post using a bolt though the eye, the crank in the shaft allowing the shaft to be positioned so that it does not impede the overlap of the "ant capping" up through the bearer.
Should termite attack occur, the post of column can be replaced with no structural effect to the building.
Cranked eye bolts can also be used to tie the top plate of a house frame directly to house supports, using rod couplers and steel extension rods.
Engineering.
Cranked eye bolts used to be made by bending an "eye" into the end of a rod that was threaded at the other end.
Today, cranked eye bolts are now typically made by welding a cranked and threaded rod to a heavy gauge steel washer.
Cranked eye bolts are made with different degrees of crank and lengths of shaft for flexibility.

</doc>
<doc id="20120869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120869" title="Peter Frank (art critic)">
Peter Frank (art critic)

Peter Frank (born 1950, New York) is an American art critic, curator, and poet who lives and works in Los Angeles. He was the Senior Curator at the Riverside Art Museum and an art critic for Angeleno Magazine. He is a frequent contributor to The Huffington Post. Until July 9, 2008, he was a long-time critic for "LA Weekly". He was a past editor of "Visions Art Quarterly" and was an art critic for "The Village Voice" and The SoHo Weekly News in New York. 
Frank contributes articles to numerous publications and has written many monographs and catalogs for one person and group exhibitions. He has organized many theme and survey shows for placement at institutions throughout the world. He has taught at colleges and universities and he has lectured all over North America and Europe. Frank received his B.A. and M.A. in art history from Columbia University.

</doc>
<doc id="20120871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120871" title="Peter Frank (footballer)">
Peter Frank (footballer)

Peter Frank Andersen (born May 26, 1970) is a former Danish football player.

</doc>
<doc id="20120882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120882" title="Hongcheng Magic Liquid">
Hongcheng Magic Liquid

The Hongcheng Magic Liquid incident was a scam in China where Wang Hongcheng (), a bus driver from Harbin with no scientific education, claimed in 1983 that he could turn regular water into a fuel as flammable as petrol by simply dissolving a few drops of his liquid in it. He founded the Hongcheng Magic Liquid company with funds from Chinese governmental agencies and other supporters, raising a total of 300 million yuan (US$37 million), but no product was ever released.
Around that time, in 1994, the Chinese Government, alarmed by an increase in pseudoscience and superstitions since the death of Mao Zedong, made a declaration decrying the deterioration of science education in the country, taking several measures to improve science education and to improve the prevalence of science and technology in courts. One of these efforts was to require the scientific authoritative journal "Science and Technology Daily" to carry an article critical of Hongcheng's invention, which had been previously rejected at several major Chinese publications. This created a growing publicity and opposition of Hongcheng's invention, silencing his supporters.
In 1995 Hongcheng refused an invitation to carry a scientific appraisal of his invention at Beijing, and the notable scientist and debunker He Zuoxiu and other 40 scientists made a statement calling the Chinese Government to investigate his claims. Hongcheng was eventually arrested, put to trial, and in 1998, was found guilty of fraud and deceit and condemned to 10 years of prison.
Invention and initial experiments.
Wang Hongcheng was a bus driver from Harbin, a former soldier with ninth-grade education and no scientific training. In 1983 he claimed that he invented a liquid that could transform a liter of regular water into a fuel by simply adding two or three drops of his liquid, and that this resulting fuel was as combustible as petrol. Hongcheng called it "the fifth greatest invention of China", in a reference to the four Great Inventions of China, and his invention became more popular, finally reaching on 28 January 1993 the front pages of a major national newspaper. In the winter of 1985, Wang showed this technique in Beijing, Hebei, Zhejiang and Shanghai.
Hongcheng Magic Liquid company.
The Chinese security and military departments started to look into his claims and funded his research. In 1992–1993 Hongcheng founded a company called "Hongcheng Magic Liquid" to manufacture his product and raised a total of 300 million yuan (US$37 million). No product, working or otherwise, was ever commercially released.
Chinese Government reaction and repercussions.
In 1994 the Chinese Government was alarmed by a recent raise in pseudoscience and a revival of old superstition, and issued a declaration declaring the rise of superstition and ignorance, how the science education had declined among the population, and how it would make efforts to combat this situation. After this declaration, Song Jian, then chief director of the Chinese National Science Committee, held a conference on how to carry this work among the public. Song Jian was then told at the conference was that an article debunking Hongcheng's invention had been refused publication in three major national newspapers and one scientific publication. Song Jian then required "Science and Technology Daily", the most authoritative newspaper in China's science and technology, to publish it. This publication explained that when Hongcheng's invention hit newspaper front pages in 1993, different newspapers reported different proportions of oil and water in their announcements, and used this to make a critical analysis. It publicized the invention, started an opposition feeling, and silenced Hongcheng and their supporters.
Fraud conviction.
After the public backlash caused by He Zuoxiu's article, the Chinese people started to realize that Hongcheng's "technique" was a fraud. Hongcheng faced growing criticism from scientists and media. He Zuoxiu, a member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences as well a notable scientist and debunker, had been invited several times by Hongcheng's supporters to visit the northeast and watch his invention in action. In 1995, Zuoxiu asked them to Beijing to pass a scientific appraisal of his liquid, as the country capital would be a proper place for such a scientific and universal invention. Hongcheng refused, prompting Zuoxiu and a group of other 40 scientists to ask the top Chinese legislative body, the People's Political Consultative Conference, to investigate his claims. After this declaration, his invention collapsed by itself, and it was finally found that it was a fraud.
In 1998 he was found guilty of fraud and deceit and sent to prison for 10 years Hongcheng acquired the status of a legendary figure, because some people thought that it was a case of cover-up or of free energy suppression, where he would be imprisoned not because his formula would not really work, but because of refusing to release his secret formula to the government.
Political and cultural context.
The Chinese Government were alarmed by this and other similar cases of promotion of pseudoscience even before Hongcheng's refusal to carry a scientific appraisal at Beijing and the publicity it carried. The Chinese government decided to tighten the appraisal system for scientific claims and other measures like creating science and technology courts. After the death of Mao Zedong, several Western pseudoscience theories appeared in rural areas, together with the return to ancient China practices like ancestor worship, astrology and fortune telling. The government newspaper had lamented "the superstition of feudal ideology is raising again in the Chinese countryside". Individual claiming to have "special powers" claimed that they project their Qi out of their body to cure people, and called "masters of Qi Gong", one of them being arrested after causing the death of several patients. The Asian Rhinoceros was being driven to extinction because pulverized Rhinoceros horn were said to prevent impotence.
To address all these issues, the government of China and the Chinese Communist Party made in 5 December 1994 a joint public declaration called "Some Suggestions on How to Reinforce the Popularization of Science". In it they lamented the recent withering of public education and the growth of pseudoscience and anti-science ideas, and then indicated that they would reinforce the public education about science.
Most officials support the effort to root out pseudoscience in China, although the government still sends occasionally mixed signals, like one incident when a high-ranking official ordered the Guangming Daily to pull a letter critical of Hongcheng at the last minute. He Zuoxiu explains that corruption will also have to be fought at the same time as pseudoscience, since some officials and journalists may "have a stake" in these inventions, and would be harmed by their exposure.

</doc>
<doc id="20120883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120883" title="Mike Anthony (singer)">
Mike Anthony (singer)

Mike Anthony is a British lovers rock singer, who began his career in the late 1980s.
History.
Anthony's early recordings were produced by Barry Boom, and he had a reggae top ten hit with "Crash Crash", which was followed by further successes with "Glide Gently", "Cruising in Love", and "Open Your Heart". He moved on to Fashion Records and had another hit with "Still Your Number One", before topping the reggae chart for several weeks with a cover of David Ruffin's "Walk Away From Love". Further hits in the UK reggae chart followed throughout the 1990s and 2000s with songs such as "No Halfway Love", "Spread Love", "Sexy Eyes", "How Long", "Don't Play Games", and "Call Me". Along with Peter Hunnigale, Anthony has achieved virtual superstar status among lovers rock followers, and has appeared at Jamaica's "Reggae Sunsplash" festival.

</doc>
<doc id="20120885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120885" title="UWR">
UWR

UWR may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20120897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120897" title="Marty Feier">
Marty Feier

Marty Feier is an American drummer and music producer. He is best known for his musician/producer role with 1313 Mockingbird Lane and for his work backing guitar pioneer Link Wray. He also portrayed Ringo Starr while touring worldwide with The Cast of Beatlemania.
Career.
Marty Feier's career has spanned a diverse set of musical experiences and collaboration.
Link Wray.
Feier entered the public eye as the percussionist backing Link Wray on his albums "Live in '85" (January 1986) and "Born To Be Wild" (1989), filling the spot vacated by Anton Fig.
Revolver.
Revolver was Feier's next project to release recorded tracks, an indie band formed in 1985. Revolver's "Scratch & Dent" EP was released by Slinky Records, having been produced by Feier and engineered by Joe Blaney, who had done the same for The Clash's double platinum "Combat Rock". The album featured five original songs and a cover of "Gimme Gimme Good Lovin'", originally released by Crazy Elephant in the late 1960s.
1313 Mockingbird Lane.
An Albany, New York garage rock band with a name inspired by The Munsters television mansion address, 1313 Mockingbird Lane's drummer Steve E. Luv departed and was replaced by Marty Feier. Feier soon added production to his role in the band's recordings. Their second release, "The Second Coming Of 1313 Mockingbird Lane" (Scarab Records, 1989) was voted by regional news publications as one of the "top local recordings of 1989". They would go on to release a full-length album together, "Have Hearse Will Travel", in 1990 on Sundazed Records.
The Cast of Beatlemania.
Feier departed 1313 Mockingbird Lane for a full-time touring gig with The Cast of Beatlemania, which starred members of the successful Broadway show, "Beatlemania". The press noted that they weren't great lookalikes, but that they faithfully reproduced the sound and feel of The Beatles. For these live performances, Feier donned a mop-top wig behind his 1965 Ludwig Black Oyster drum kit.

</doc>
<doc id="20120908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120908" title="Song for a Sleepwalker">
Song for a Sleepwalker

Song for a Sleepwalker was the second single to be released from the album "The Official Fiction" by Australian rock group Something for Kate.
"Song for a Sleepwalker" was ranked #63 on Triple J's Top 100 for 2003.
Track listings.
Australian CD

</doc>
<doc id="20120916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120916" title="Astragalus californicus">
Astragalus californicus

Astragalus californicus is a species of milkvetch known by the common name Klamath Basin milkvetch. 
It is native to the Klamath Mountains and surrounding High Cascade Ranges of northern California and southern Oregon, where it grows in scrub and woodland habitat. 
Description.
"Astragalus californicus" is a perennial herb forming a sturdy open clump of upright stems growing up to tall. The leaves are several centimeters long and made up of green leaflike leaflets. 
The inflorescence is a loose array of light yellow to cream-colored pealike flowers, each between 1 and 2 centimeters long. 
The fruit is a hanging legume pod 3 or 4 centimeters long. It is flat and narrow, with a hairy surface, and it dries to a thick papery texture.

</doc>
<doc id="20120951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120951" title="Edmund F. Robertson">
Edmund F. Robertson

Edmund Frederick Robertson FRSE B.Sc. M.Sc Ph.D., born on 1 June 1943, St Andrews, Scotland, is a Professor emeritus of pure mathematics at the University of St Andrews.
He is one of the creators of the noted MacTutor History of Mathematics Archive along with John J. O'Connor. He has written over one hundred research articles, mainly in the theory of groups and semigroups. He is the author or co-author of seventeen textbooks.
In 1998 he was elected a fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh.
Family.
He lives at home with his wife Helena, and his two sons Colin and David.

</doc>
<doc id="20120965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120965" title="Rolf Fringer">
Rolf Fringer

Rolf Fringer (born 26 January 1957) is an Austrian football manager who was in charge of Swiss club FC Luzern until he was sacked in May 2011. He managed the Switzerland national football team, and numerous Swiss football clubs.
At FC Luzern he was known for his counterattacking football. He was replaced as Luzern manager by Murat Yakin.
In April 2012 it was announced that Rolf Fringer would join FC Zurich as manager in summer 2012. When he was appointed he stated that it was his proudest day as he was an FCZ fan as a child. His first transfer as manager was to sign Burim Kukeli, who he had managed at FC Luzern. On Monday 26 November it was announced following a board meeting to relieve Fringer of his duties, with FC Zurich sitting a disappointing 7th in the Super League.

</doc>
<doc id="20120978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120978" title="Michael Hirst (art historian)">
Michael Hirst (art historian)

Michael Hirst is an Art historian and an international expert on Italian Renaissance art.
Biography.
Lecturer, Reader and Professor Emeritus of Courtauld Institute of Art, University of London, and a Fellow of the Academy since 1983, Hirst is one of the foremost living specialists on the drawings of Michelangelo. Indeed, such is his international standing in the world of Michelangelo studies that he was made a member of the Pontifical Commission for the Restoration of the Sistine Chapel's ceiling in 1987, and the following year curated an exhibition on Michelangelo as Draftsman for the National Gallery of Art in Washington.
He has made a signal contribution to knowledge and understanding of one of the greatest periods of Italian art. Among his publications on the subject are the standard monograph on "Sebastiano del Piombo", on "Michelangelo and His Drawing" and "The Sistine Chapel: A Glorious Restoration".
He is an Accademico d'Onore, or honorary member, of the Accademia delle Arti del Disegno of Florence.

</doc>
<doc id="20120992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120992" title="Overseas Trust Bank">
Overseas Trust Bank

Overseas Trust Bank Limited (OTB) () was a bank in Hong Kong. It was established in 1955 by Chang Ming Thien, a Malaysian businessman and it was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 1972. It was the fourth largest bank in Hong Kong before acquisition.
Collapse and takeover by Government.
On June 6, 1985, OTB suddenly announced that it was on the brink of collapse, due to its severe cash flow and bad debt problems. Bad debts held by the bank reached US$89.5 million. To recover the confidence of the public and investors of the Hong Kong banking system, the Hong Kong Government stepped in and took over OTB in the following day. From 1985 to 1986, the government ordered the Royal Hong Kong Police and ICAC to investigate the causes of OTB downfall. In May 1986, the former chairman of OTB, Patrick C.T. Chang, was arrested at the Hong Kong International Airport reportedly with a large amount of cash and jewellery. In 1987, Chang and OTB's former senior management were sentenced to jail by Hong Kong Law Court.
Sold to Guoco.
In 1993, the government sold OTB to Malaysian-owned Guoco Group for US$571 million. OTB became the subsidiary of Dao Heng Bank.
Sold to and merged with DBS Bank.
In 2001, Singaporean DBS Bank acquired and privatized Dao Heng Bank, together with OTB, from Guoco Group. In 2003, DBS Bank merged DBS Kwong On Bank, Dao Heng Bank and Overseas Trust Bank to form DBS Bank (Hong Kong) Limited.

</doc>
<doc id="20120996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20120996" title="Friendship (film)">
Friendship (film)

Friendship () (also known as Friendship You and Me) is a 2008 Thai Romantic-Drama Teen Film starring Mario Maurer and Apinya Sakuljaroensuk ("Ploy") directed by Chatchai Naksuriya. The film is around 1983 setting and is about Singha and Mituna's endless love for each other. The film starts with the present and goes back to the past of their high school days.
Plot.
Singha (Mario Maurer) receives a call from Jazz, a high school friend. Jazz sets up a high school reunion for their class. The entire bunch meets up, they have a conversation and turns into Singha's last year of high school memory. Where he met his first and only love, Mituna (Apinya Sakuljaroensuk).
At first day of their final year in high school, Singha was waiting for a bus and had seen a woman fell down. He helped the woman and gave her a marigold flower, then rode a bus to go to school. They had two new classmates, Lam and Mituna. Mituna was late from class but was excused. She sat beside Jazz and Kanda whom she became friends with. 
At first, Singha and his pals mocked Mituna for being silent. He got friends with Lam who helped him survive under Kong who tried to kill him. Lam became close with Singha's group. Singha made fun of Mituna when they become dance partners. Until, Mituna fought back in the bus because they made fun of her for helping a mute woman.
From that time on, Singha had been stalking Mituna because he wanna know where she lived. He asked forgiveness to her but Mituna did not want to talk to him. Singha's group together with Jazz and Kanda asked Mituna's mom to have Mituna be part of their project. They went upcountry and helped educate kids by giving them handouts and others. In a bonfire that night, Singha opened up his feelings by telling his most and second most favorite flower whom he referred as Mituna.
Mituna's pal and Singha's group became close to each other and helped fix Mituna's house. The group goes out together in resort and the skate club. Until, Singha and Mituna had fallen in love with each other. Lam was killed by Kong that brings sorrow to the group. Singha gave Mituna a paper to sign for their friendship book. She went home and had known that they had to move upcountry. In the final exam day, Mituna lied to Singha by telling him that she had to go upcountry for few days. After taking the last exam, she left a note to Singha that they would talk on the result day.
Prior to the result day, Singha's father was transferred and they had to move. On the result day, Singha decided to wait for Mituna but went with his friends. He got drunk and had fallen asleep. He woke up and look for Mituna in school and in her house. He ended up in the park waiting for her. He was caught by the cops but was recognized as son of a sergeant. 
After the reminiscence, his friends told him at the reunion that if Mituna wanted to see him, she had showed up. He had to go upcountry for his job and found Mituna's mother. Singha met Mituna who was sick with AIDS and they talked to each other the whole night. Early morning, Mituna dies listening to Singha. Her mother gives him Mituna's thing who she wanted to be given to Singha. Singha read her notes and found out the day she transferred in that school, she found Singha who is the most important person in her life. He found out that it was Mituna's mom whom he had helped that day. The marigold flower he gave to Mituna's mom was kept by her and became the reason why she loved marigold. He found out that Mituna had kept her promise to talk to him at the exam result day To no avail. She ended up searching for him in his house only to find out that there was no one home. She then went to the park because it is their favorite place. She was afraid they will never say goodbye to each other, which was why she tried to go back to school. On her way back, she came across three men, the same three men who the cops were after in the middle of the rain. Even Mituna died but their love for each other will never end.

</doc>
<doc id="20121012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20121012" title="Guido Karp">
Guido Karp

Guido Karp (born January 23, 1963) is a German music photographer.
Karp was born in Mayen, Germany and grew up in Koblenz, Germany. He started concert photography early with regional bands, but had his first cover with a school-mate, Thomas Anders, who later came to fame as singer of the top-selling Euro-Band Modern Talking. Karp's photography has been used on many music CD and DVD covers, with top sellers as Robbie Williams "Live at the Albert" (the best selling Music DVD of all times) or Elton John's "Candle in the Wind" (the best selling single record of all times). His most recent work is seen in AC/DC's 2008 release Black Ice. The promotional shots from the session were featured in more than 10000 print publications since Oct 2008.
Before joining the AC/DC European tour in March, Karp toured Germany, Austria and Switzerland with the hugely successful beauty event "Princess for one day".
Karp is married to Nicole Karp since Dec 28, 2004 and owns homes in Hoehr-Grenzhausen, Germany and Los Angeles, CA.
In 2012, Karp becomes one of ten main jurors for Germany's LEA Awards. He remains on the jury board for 2013
Celebrating his 50th birthday in 2013, Karp toured with the exhibition project "Singvoegel" (singing birds) - a retrospective of his 30+ years work as a concert photographer. Since Jan 2014, Karp lectures the "Million Dollar Workshop" through 50 universities in Germany, Austria and Switzerland. 50 days of power-workshops with tips and tricks out of school. So much has never been a photographer of this caliber laid the cards on the table. And with success: the tour is almost sold out in every city.
Awards.
Guido Karp was nominated as "Music Photographer of the Year" in 1987, 1988 and 1992, winning in 1988 and 1992 in the categories "Best Concert Photography" (Award Ceremony broadcast live "Diamond Awards Festival in Antwerp, Belgium throughout Europe).

</doc>
<doc id="20121018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20121018" title="René de La Croix de Castries">
René de La Croix de Castries

René de la Croix de Castries (; 1908 – 1986) was a French historian and a member of the House of Castries. He was the sixteenth member elected to occupy seat 2 of the Académie française in 1972.
Biography.
Early life.
René de la Croix de Castries was born on August 6, 1908 in la Bastide-d'Engras, Gard, France. He grew up in a castle in Gaujac, Gard, and attended school in Nîmes and Versailles. He studied Political Science and Public Finance.
Career.
He served in the Second World War. He was sent to Lebanon in 1939, and returned to France in 1940. 
He served as Mayor of Castries from 1941 to 1950. He moved to Paris in 1951.
He gave lectures at the Cercle de l'Union interalliée, and served as Vice-President of the Société des gens de lettres in 1964. He was appointed to the Académie française on May 4, 1972, becoming the 35th Duke to join the institution.
Personal life.
He married Monique de Casagne in 1934 and the following year, he bought the family castle, Château de Castries in Castries, Hérault near Montpellier. In 1985, he donated the Château de Castries to the Académie française. 
He died on July 17, 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="20121028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20121028" title="Baleshwar Rai">
Baleshwar Rai

Baleshwar Rai is a 1970-batch UT cadre Indian Administrative Service officer. He was additional secretary and Union Labour minister. He was the Chief Secretary of Goa for over two years. He also served as the joint secretary in the Union power ministry. Currently he is the chairman of the governing body of Kirori Mal College. He belongs to Ghazipur UP.
He retired as the secretary Public Grievances and coordination Cabinet Secretariat Government Of India.

</doc>
<doc id="20121032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20121032" title="Caleb Cook Baldwin">
Caleb Cook Baldwin

Caleb Cook Baldwin (1820 - July 20, 1911; Chinese: 摩憐 or 摩嘉立; Pinyin: "Mólián", "Mó Jiālì"; Foochow Romanized: "Mò̤-lèng", "Mò̤ Gă-lĭk") was one of the first Presbyterian missionaries to Foochow, China.
Life and works.
Born in Bloomfield, New Jersey in 1820, C. C. Baldwin received his high school education at the Bloomfield Academy at the foot of "the Green" where he was also an assistant teacher. He graduated from Princeton College in 1841 and taught school from 1841-1844 in a state academy in Cecil Co. Maryland. Baldwin graduated from Princeton Theological Seminary in 1847 and was ordained as an Evangelist in the Old Presbyterian Church in Bloomfield. He married Harriet Fairchild of Bloomfield and left for China in 1847 in a sailing vessel. Under the American Board of Missions, the couple arrived in the spring of 1848 at Foochow. The couple labored together in the missionary field for 47 years (1848-1895) with short furloughs to the United States in 1859, 1871, 1885. The Baldwins learned the native language and were responsible for extensive work in literacy, education and evangelistic departments. Founding schools and superintending them in cities and villages, the Baldwins traveled by boats, sedans and the most primitive locomotion. Baldwin's last and most important literary work was a careful version of the dictionary and the Foochow Bible. In 1895, the Baldwins returned to America where Mrs. Baldwin died in July 1896. Baldwin died of heart failure in 1911.
Caleb C. Baldwin's monumental works were the "Alphabetic Dictionary of the Chinese Language in the Foochow Dialect" (with Robert S. Maclay) in 1870 and the "Manual of the Foochow Dialect" (榕腔初學撮要) in 1871. In connection with his wife he also translated much of the Bible into Fuzhou dialect and prepared text-books such as "Catechism of Christian Doctrine" (聖學問答).

</doc>
<doc id="20121042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20121042" title="With These Hands (film)">
With These Hands (film)

With These Hands is a 1950 documentary film directed by Jack Arnold. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature. Produced by the International Ladies Garment Workers Union, the film used actors to recreate the Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire and compare working conditions of the early 20th century to that of the 1950s. 

</doc>
<doc id="20121045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20121045" title="Municipality of Petersham">
Municipality of Petersham

The Municipality of Petersham was a local government area of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. The small municipality was proclaimed as a borough in 1871 and was centred around the suburbs of Lewisham, Petersham and Stanmore. It was bounded by Parramatta Road in the north, Cardigan and Liberty Streets in the east, Stanmore and New Canterbury Roads in the south, and Old Canterbury Road in the west. The municipality was divided into three wards: South Kingston, Annadale and Sydenham, all the names of early farms. The boundaries remained fairly stable, with only minor changes on the east and western sides. The borough became a municipality in 1907. In 1949 under the "Local Government (Areas) Act 1948", Petersham Council was merged with the larger neighbouring Marrickville Council which was located immediately to the south.
Petersham Town Hall.
The original Petersham Town Hall was erected in 1882 and demolished in 1937, replaced by the existing Art Deco structure on the corner of Crystal and Frederick Streets in Petersham. Opened in 1938, the present Town Hall features a prominent hexagonal clock tower and was used by Marrickville Council from 1949 (after the two councils merged). After the construction of Marrickville Council's present administration building in 1974, the Council relocated most of its indoor operations to the new building, leaving the town hall to be used for functions and community services. Some of the dancing scenes from the 1992 film "Strictly Ballroom" were filmed in its main auditorium.

</doc>
<doc id="20121049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20121049" title="François Albert-Buisson">
François Albert-Buisson

François Albert-Buisson (; 3 May 1881, Issoire, Puy-de-Dôme – 21 May 1961, Aix-en-Provence) was a French entrepreneur, industrial, consular magistrate, economist, politician, historian. He was the fourteenth member elected to occupy seat two of the Académie française in 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="20121055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20121055" title="Sakurazaka Station">
Sakurazaka Station


</doc>
<doc id="20121062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20121062" title="Doug Anthony All Stars discography">
Doug Anthony All Stars discography

The discography of the Doug Anthony All Stars, an Australian musical comedy group, consists of two studio albums, three singles, one extended play, three live albums, four video releases and two DVD releases.

</doc>
<doc id="20121064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20121064" title="Jean Marie Okwo Bele">
Jean Marie Okwo Bele

Jean Marie Okwo-Bele, MD, MPH (born February 23, 1957, Bandundu, Belgian Congo (now the Democratic Republic of the Congo)) is a Congolese physician, epidemiologist, and public health expert at the World Health Organization (WHO). He was appointed Director of the Department of Immunization, Vaccines and Biologicals of the WHO in 2004.
Early life and education.
Okwo-Bele trained as a physician in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC), receiving his medical degree in 1981 from the University of Zaire Kinshasa Campus (now University of Kinshasa). He went on to train as an epidemiologist at the Johns Hopkins School of Hygiene and Public Health (now the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health) in 1986.
Career.
From 1982 to 1989, Jean Marie Okwo-Bele served as an Expanded Programme on Immunization (EPI) Manager, within the EPI-Combatting Child Communicable Diseases division of the Department of Health of the DRC. He joined the World Health Organization Regional Office for Africa (WHO/AFRO) in 1989 as a medical officer, and epidemiologist. He went on to become Regional Adviser at WHO/AFRO, in charge of the Vaccine and Preventable Disease Unit, in 1993.
In 2002, Okwo Bele left WHO to join another UN Agency, UNICEF, where he held the position of Chief of Immunization Activities, at the UNICEF Headquarters in New York City. He held this position until he was called back to WHO in 2004 to serve as the new Director of the Department of Immunization, Vaccines and Biologicals, at the WHO headquarters in Geneva, Switzerland. In this position, he has responsibility for strategic direction, coordination and management of the WHO normative and programmatic immunization activities, ranging from vaccine research, vaccine quality and safety to immunization policy and immunization services delivery.
From the WHO website:
During his 25 years in public health, he worked to support the expansion of integrated childhood communicable diseases programmes, such as the Expanded Programme on Immunization and control of diarrhoeal diseases and malaria. He participated in the surveillance and investigation of outbreaks of monkeypox and Ebola haemorrhagic fever in Congo. From 1993 to 2002, he directed the Polio Eradication Initiative in Africa (resulting in the reduction of polio endemic countries from 34 to 2) and coordinated efforts to formulate the strategic direction for overall immunization activities in the African region. More recently, he ensured the oversight and coordination of the development of the WHO/UNICEF Global Immunization Vision and Strategy for 2006-2015, which was adopted by the World Health Assembly in May 2005..

</doc>
<doc id="20121065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20121065" title="Fritz Vogt">
Fritz Vogt

Fritz Vogt (17 March 1918 – 3 April 1945) was a Sturmbannführer (Major) in the Waffen-SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight's Cross with Oakleaves.
Vogt volunteered for the SS in April 1935 and was posted to the "Germania Regiment". In 1938 he was selected as an officer candidate and sent to the SS Officer school at Braunschweig.
After passing the commanding officer training course 20 April 1939 he was posted to the SS Das Reich division as a platoon leader in the 2nd SS Reconnaissance Battalion. In September 1939 he took part in the Polish Campaign, and in 1940 the Battle of France. He was promoted to Obersturmführer (First Lieutenant) for his leadership and his units performance, which also resulted in his award of the Knight's Cross on the 4 September 1940. During Operation Marita in the Balkans,
while commanding the 2nd Company in SS Reconnaissance Battalion 2, 2nd SS Division "Das Reich", during Operation Barbarossa he caught typhoid and fell seriously ill. After recovering he was posted as a training officer to the SS Officer school's at Bad Tölz and Lauenburg, until May 1943 when he was promoted and sent to the 3rd SS Division Totenkopf, replacement Regiment.
At the end of October 1943, he took over command of the 1st Battalion, 23rd Panzer Grenadier Regiment "Norge", 11th SS Volunteer Panzer Grenadier Division Nordland at Leningrad. His Battalion was forced to retreat to Narva, during the Soviet winter offensive suffering such heavy losses, that the Battalion was withdrawn to Germany to refit.
At the end of 1944 the new I./23rd Panzer Grenadier Regiment was relocated to Hungary to reinforce the 5th SS Panzergrenadier Division Wiking and in January 1945 Vogt was promoted to Sturmbannführer (Major) and distinguished himself during the tank battle at Pettend.
Death.
In March 1945 he took over as the Commander of the 5th SS Panzer Reconnaissance Battalion. It was during this command that he was awarded the Oak leaves to the Knight's Cross.
Vogt was killed in action when he was seriously wounded during an air raid, and died on 3 April 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="20121075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20121075" title="Llangeinor">
Llangeinor

Llangeinor (Welsh: Llangeinwyr) is a small village located in the Garw Valley around 5 miles north of Bridgend in Bridgend County Borough, Wales. The entire village is now protected as part of a conservation area.
Transport.
The A4064 road runs through the village; to the south this leads to Tondu, and to the north it heads to Pontycymer. The A4093 road starts in the village and heads east over the mountain to the Ogmore Valley. A disused railway runs through the village.
Sport.
Llangeinor AFC play in the Welsh Football League Second Division (as of 2008-09). Their ground is located to the west of the A4064 and river, and south-east of the railway level crossing.
Notable People.
Llangeinor was the home of Richard Price, an internationally influential academic with a notable contribution to the development of free market economics, as well as the mathematical subject of bayesian probability, having edited and published Thomas_Bayes work.

</doc>
<doc id="20121084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20121084" title="My Little Flufties">
My Little Flufties

My Little Flufties is a 3D life simulator similar to Tamagotchi published on Nintendo DS and Windows by Lexicon Entertainment. The game is distributed by JoWood Productions in Europe and Dreamcatcher in North America. The game title is "AniMates" in North America.
Aimed at children aged 5-9, gamers can choose between 5 imaginary creatures. You must nourish, wash, educate and amuse the creatures to keep the game going.
The fairy-like 3D world contains several attractions like swings and slides. Next to that, there are also 5 mini-games available in the game:
The game uses a full 3D engine but with a traditional drawing style.
My little Flufties was also distributed by Oberon Media on download online store.

</doc>
<doc id="20121085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20121085" title="Good in the Face of a Stranger">
Good in the Face of a Stranger

Good in the Face of a Stranger is the fifth studio album by Australian rock musician Alex Lloyd, released through Inertia on 1 November 2008.
The album is Lloyd's first to be released independently, which is said to have given him more freedom, taking away the pressures of labels and giving him the chance to create a sound more like his debut release, "Black the Sun".
The online order of the album through JB Hi-Fi came signed by Alex Lloyd, with three bonus postcards.
Singles.
The album spawned two singles. "Slow Train" was released as the album's first single in 2008, with it being available for free from Lloyd's official website. The song's music video was animated with 7,000 hand drawn pictures.
Similarly, "What We Started", the second single released in 2009, was also made available for free as a limited-time download via the Nova 100 website.
Critical reception.
The album received positive reviews upon release, with a number of reviewers likening both the sound and quality of the LP to that of his debut album, Black the Sun;
Faster Louder attributed the album's similarities to his earlier work on his decision to relocate to England, claiming that the ""change of scenery has enabled Lloyd to get into the same creative head space last seen on his debut album"" resulting in ""a pleasant pop record containing some of his best songs in years"". Alexandra Nowak of The Independent Weekly also took a positive view, stating that ""Good in the Face of a Stranger ultimately provides beautiful melodic lines with a mix of refined and delicate vocals that presents a basic yet artistically original album"".
However, not all reviews were unanimously positive, as Tsunami Mag gave an opposing point of view, noting that by ""sticking to his original guns and playing it safe (he) has produced what tends to be a mediocre comeback"".

</doc>
<doc id="20121087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20121087" title="Furze Platt Senior School">
Furze Platt Senior School

Furze Platt Senior School is a mixed secondary school with academy status in Maidenhead.
The school draws pupils from across Maidenhead, Berkshire and Buckinghamshire.
2013 GCSE results:
74% of students achieved 5A* to C grades including English and Maths. 79% of girls achieved 5A* to C including English and Maths. 71% of boys achieved 5A* to C including English and Maths. These results were a school record and compare very favourable with other schools in the town.
Sixth Form.
The school's Sixth Form is entirely integrated into school life, yet benefits from a private sixth form area with a study area with computer facilities, study work rooms, seminar rooms and a communal common room. Examination results have been rated by the independent value added ALPS system as very good or excellent for the past 5 years.
The sixth form is led by the Head of Sixth Form. There are many opportunities for students to take on leadership roles within the school. OFSTED rated the pastoral care given to students as excellent.
The school has a strong careers education scheme and excellent links with universities across the country. Students regularly progress to Oxbridge and Russell Group universities.
IT and Mathematics.
As a specialist mathematics and computing school, maths and IT are recognised strengths of the school. The school is successful in local, regional and national mathematics challenges run by the United Kingdom Mathematics Trust.
A new Mathematics teaching block was opened in September 2013 further extending opportunities.
Greenpower.
Furze Platt Senior School Greenpower team was formed in 2003 and has had national success. More details regarding the Greenpower team can be found at the website Portaprompt FPSS Greenpower.
Management Team.
The school is led by Headteacher – Ms. T White, 2 Deputy Headteachers – Mr. G Bown and Mr. E Towill.
School Houses.
The School Home system consists of eight competing houses named after towns on the River Thames. The house structure ensures high quality pastoral care and promotes sporting, cultural, musical, and academic projects. Home points are then added together at the culmination of the school year (and each school term) to declare the winner of the Home Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20121097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20121097" title="The Sea Around Us (film)">
The Sea Around Us (film)

The Sea Around Us is a 1953 American documentary film directed by Irwin Allen and released by RKO. It won the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature. It was based on the Rachel Carson book of the same name.

</doc>
<doc id="20121108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20121108" title="Strange Circus">
Strange Circus

Plot.
School principal Ozawa Gozo rapes his daughter, Mitsuko, after she sees her parents having sex. Her mother Sayuri witnesses the rape. Gozo now rapes both of them as he pleases, while his family is undermined by incest, suicide, and murder... such is the erotic novel wheel-bound novelist Taeko sets on to write. She is assisted by Yuji, a young man who is actually on a mission to uncover the reality of this story, of Taeko's past, and of the locked room in her apartment. But the reality and truth beneath the Grand Guignol nightmares Taeko creates might be too much to bear.

</doc>
<doc id="20121125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20121125" title="Saol">
Saol

Saol (meaning "Life") is an Irish-language newspaper released on a monthly basis.
It is printed by Connacht Tribune, and receives support from Foras na Gaeilge the all-Ireland body which supports the Irish language.
Its headquarters are in Dublin.

</doc>
<doc id="20121138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20121138" title="Robin Roberts (disambiguation)">
Robin Roberts (disambiguation)

Robin Roberts may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20121145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20121145" title="Ropponmatsu Station">
Ropponmatsu Station


</doc>
<doc id="20121146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20121146" title="Familiar Stranger (album)">
Familiar Stranger (album)

Familiar Stranger is the sixth studio album by American country music artist Mark Wills. Originally recorded for Equity Music Group, it was released on November 4, 2008 by Tenacity Records. While signed to Equity, Wills released three singles: "Hank", "Take It All Out on Me" and "Days of Thunder", all of which reached the lower regions of the "Billboard" country charts. ("Hank" was never included on an album.) After "Days of Thunder", Wills exited the label. He then signed to Tenacity, who released "The Things We Forget" as its third single, then released the album itself in late 2008. "Entertaining Angels" was then issued as the fourth single in early 2009. The fifth single, "Crazy White Boy," was released in late 2009. The latter three failed to enter the country charts.

</doc>
<doc id="20121148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20121148" title="Richard Shope">
Richard Shope

Richard Shope (December 25, 1901–October 2, 1966) was an American virologist who at Rockefeller Institute identified influenzavirus A in pigs in 1931. Using Shope's technique, Smith, Andrewes, and Laidlaw of England's Medical Research Council cultured it from a human in 1933. They and Shope in 1935 and 1936, respectively, identified it as the virus circulating in the 1918 pandemic. In 1933, Shope identified the Shope papillomavirus, which infects rabbits. He received the 1957 Albert Lasker Clinical Medical Research Award.

</doc>
<doc id="20121149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20121149" title="The Hoaxters">
The Hoaxters

The Hoaxters is a 1952 American documentary film written by Herman Hoffman, about the threat posed by communism to the American way of life. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature. The Warner Home Video DVD release of the 1998 CNN documentary "The Cold War" in 2012 included this film as a special feature.
Reception.
According to MGM records the movie earned $167,000 in the US and Canada and $10,000 elsewhere.

</doc>
<doc id="20121151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20121151" title="Cardiel Lake">
Cardiel Lake

Lago Cardiel () is a lake in Patagonia, Argentina, between the Andean Cordillera and the South Atlantic.

</doc>
<doc id="20121171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20121171" title="Who's Ya Daddy? (Gerling song)">
Who's Ya Daddy? (Gerling song)

"Who's Ya Daddy?" is the first single released from the album Bad Blood!!! by Gerling.
The song was ranked at #78 on the Triple J Hottest 100 of 2003.
Track listing.
Australian CD Single

</doc>
<doc id="20121172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20121172" title="Gerrard McGowan">
Gerrard McGowan

Gerrard L. McGowan (died 17 August 1971) was an Irish Labour Party politician. A solicitor by profession, he was elected to Dáil Éireann as a Labour Party Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dublin County constituency at the 1937 general election. He did not contest the 1938 general election.

</doc>
<doc id="20121183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20121183" title="List of goalscoring goalkeepers">
List of goalscoring goalkeepers

Goals scored by goalkeepers are a rare event in football, for the reason that if a goalkeeper leaves the goal, the goal is left unguarded from long-distance attempts until the goalkeeper can return to defend it. The most prolific goalkeepers are those who take penalties or free kicks, but on occasion a goalkeeper scores when committed forward at a set piece in a last-ditch effort to score a goal which would prevent his team's defeat. On rare occasions, a goalkeeper can score with a goal-kick or an otherwise regular clearance travelling the length of the pitch into the opposite goal. The record is held by the Brazilian Rogério Ceni, with 111 goals, of which 52 came from the penalty spot. He scored his landmark 100th goal in a 2–1 win for São Paulo against rival Corinthians on 27 March 2011.
In November 1999, Paraguayan José Luis Chilavert became the first goalkeeper to score a hat-trick with three penalties for Vélez Sársfield in a 6–1 victory against Ferro Carril Oeste, and in the following year he and Argentine Roberto Bonano from River Plate both scored in the same Copa Mercosur match.
List.
The following list comprises goalkeepers who have scored in a national or international competition.

</doc>
