<doc id="19914837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914837" title="German Type U 66 submarine">
German Type U 66 submarine

The Type U 66 was a class of five submarines or U-boats operated by the German Imperial Navy () during World War I. The class is alternately referred to as the "U-66"-class or the Type UD. The class was built by Germaniawerft of Kiel to their 506d design as the "U-7"-class for the Austro-Hungarian Navy. The five boats were sold to the Imperial Germany Navy at the beginning of World War I when it was thought impossible for the submarines to reach the Mediterranean for delivery to Austria-Hungary.
The Austro-Hungarian Navy, after competitively evaluating six submarines of three foreign designs, selected the Germaniwerft 506d or Type UD design over a design from Whitehead & Co. for the "U-7" class. The boats, numbered "U-7" to "U-11", were designed to be long and displace between when surfaced and submerged. They were to be armed with five torpedo tubes and a deck gun. For propulsion the design called for twin diesel engines for surface running and twin electric motors for subsurface movement. The Austro-Hungarian Navy ordered the boats in February 1913 and construction began on the first boats in November.
After the outbreak of World War I in August 1914, the Austro-Hungarian Navy became convinced that delivery of the still-unfinished submarines to the Mediterranean via Gibraltar would be impossible. As a result, they sold the five boats to the Imperial German Navy in November 1914. The German Navy assigned the numbers "U-66" to "U-70" to the five submarines and had them redesigned and reconstructed to their specifications. These changes, which included a larger deck gun, increased the displacement of the U-boats by almost surfaced and nearly submerged.
All five boats saw active service, and four sank 18 or more ships. Only , sunk six days into her first war patrol in March 1916, had no successes. Two other boats, and disappeared in 1917. The remaining two U-boats, and , were surrendered to the United Kingdom and were broken up by 1921.
Background.
In 1904, the Austro-Hungarian Navy, after allowing the navies of other countries to pioneer submarine developments, ordered the Austrian Naval Technical Committee () to produce a submarine design. When the Navy rejected the January 1905 MTK design and other designs submitted as part of a public competition as impracticable, they instead opted to order two submarines each of designs by Simon Lake, Germaniawerft, and John Philip Holland for a competitive evaluation.
Based on the trials results, the Austro-Hungarian Navy determined the characteristics that the next generation of Austro-Hungarian submarines should have. They were looking for a double-hulled submarine of about displacement with diesel propulsion. They also wanted a surface speed of between , and for the boat to be armed with between three and five torpedo tubes. The Austro-Hungarian Navy selected the Germaniawerft 506d design, also known as the Type UD, for the "U-7" class over the Type 48 design submitted by Whitehead & Co., primarily because of the lower cost. The Navy ordered five boats on 1 February 1913.
Design.
The "U-7" class was seen by the Austro-Hungarian Navy as an improved version of its "U-3" class, which was also a Germaniawerft design. As designed for the Austro-Hungarian Navy, the boats were to displace on the surface and while submerged. The doubled-hulled boats were to be long (OA) with a beam of and a draft of . The Austrian specifications called for two shafts with twin diesel engines ( total) for surface running at up to , and twin electric motors ( total) for a maximum of when submerged.
The boats were designed with five torpedo tubes; four located in the bow, one in the stern. The boats' armament was to also include a single /26 deck gun.
Construction.
After the Austro-Hungarian Navy's 1 February 1913 order, the first two boats, "U-7" and "U-8", were laid down at Germaniawerft on 1 November. "U-9" was laid down at the end of December, and the final two boats, "U-10" and "U-11" were both begun in February 1914. Construction of the boats was slated to be complete within 29 to 33 months.
None of the submarines were complete when World War I began in August 1914. With the boats under construction at Kiel, the Austrians became convinced that it would be impossible to take delivery of the boats, which would need to be towed into the Mediterranean past Gibraltar, a British territory. As a result, the five boats of the class were transferred to the Imperial German Navy on 28 November 1914 after the advance payment of 2 million Kronen had been returned. Germaniawerft was then awarded "Kriegsauftrag D", hence the type was known as "UD".
After their purchase, the boats were assigned the numbers "U-66" to "U-70", and the class became known as the U 66 type. The Imperial German Navy had the submarines redesigned and reconstructed to German standards, which increased the surface displacement by and the submerged by . The torpedo load was increased by a third, from 9 to 12, and the deck gun was upgraded from the gun originally specified to an one.
"U-66" was launched on 22 April 1915, the first of the class, and was followed by the other four about one every three weeks, with the last boat, "U-70", hitting the water on 20 July. The boats were all completed and commissioned into the Imperial German Navy between July and September.
Service career.
All the boats of the "U-66" class saw active service, and all but one boat, , had wartime successes; and both sank over 100,000 tons of Allied shipping. "U-68" was sunk by the British Q-ship in March 1916, and was the first boat of the class to be lost during the war. "U-69" and "U-66" were lost in July and September 1917, respectively. and "U-70" both survived the war and were surrendered to the United Kingdom in November 1918, and both were broken up by 1921.
Class members.
SM "U-66".
"U-66", the lead boat of the class, was laid down on 1 November 1913 (yard number 203) by Germaniawerft at Kiel and launched on 22 April 1915. She was commissioned on 23 July 1915 under the command of "Kapitänleutnant" Thorwald von Bothmer. During the war, she sank 25 ships totaling . The two largest ships she sank were the British steamers "Powhatan" () and "Bay State" (), both sunk in 1917. "U-66" was last heard from on 3 September 1917 when she reported her position in the North Sea. Her fate is officially unknown. British records suggest that "U-66" may have struck a mine or been sunk by destroyers, this is not borne out by German records.
SM "U-67".
"U-67" was laid down on 1 November 1913 (yard number 204) by Germaniawerft at Kiel and launched on 15 May 1915. She was commissioned on 4 August 1915 under the command of "Korvettenkapitän" Erich von Rosenberg-Grusczyski. "U-67" sank a total of 18 ships () and damaged a further 3 (). "U-67" was surrendered to the United Kingdom on 20 November 1918 and was broken up at Fareham in 1921.
SM "U-68".
"U-68" was laid down on 31 December 1913 (yard number 205) by Germaniawerft at Kiel and launched on 1 June 1915. She was commissioned on 17 August 1915 under the command of "Kapitänleutnant" Ludwig Güntzel. Six days into her first war patrol, "U-68" encountered the British Q-ship (Q-ship number five) off Dingle and was sunk with all hands. "U-68" sank no ships during her brief service career.
SM "U-69".
"U-69" was laid down on 7 February 1914 (yard number 206) by Germaniawerft at Kiel and launched on 24 June 1915. She was commissioned on 4 September 1915 under the command of "Kapitänleutnant" Ernst Wilhelms. During her service career, "U-69" sank 31 ships with a combined gross register tonnage of 102,875, the largest among them, the 13,441-ton armed merchant cruiser . "U-69" was last heard from on 11 July 1917 when she reported being off the coast of Norway. Her fate is officially unknown, even though British reports credit her sinking to destroyer . The dates in German records, however, do not support this claim.
SM "U-70".
"U-70" was laid down on 11 February 1914 (yard number 207) by Germaniawerft at Kiel and launched on 20 July 1915. She was commissioned on 22 September 1915 under the command of "Kapitänleutnant" Otto Wünsche. During the war, Wünsche and "U-70" sank one warship, the British sloop , and 53 civilian ships totaling . Among the civilian ships was , at , one of the largest ships hit by U-boats during the war. "U-70" also damaged four ships of . "U-70" was surrendered to the British on 20 November 1918 and was broken up at Bo'ness in 1919–20.

</doc>
<doc id="19914840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914840" title="Ferdinand Magellan">
Ferdinand Magellan

Ferdinand Magellan (, ; , ; c. 1480 – 27 April 1521) was a Portuguese explorer who became known for having organised the expedition that resulted in the first circumnavigation of the Earth completed by Juan Sebastián Elcano. He was born in a still disputed location in northern Portugal, and served King Charles I of Spain in search of a westward route to the "Spice Islands" (modern Maluku Islands in Indonesia).
Magellan's expedition of 1519–1522 became the first expedition to sail from the Atlantic Ocean into the Pacific Ocean (then named "peaceful sea" by Magellan; the passage being made via the Strait of Magellan), and the first to cross the Pacific. His expedition completed the first circumnavigation of the Earth. Magellan did not complete the entire voyage, as he was killed during the Battle of Mactan in the Philippines. (For background see Exploration of the Pacific.)
The Magellanic Penguin was named for him, as he was the first European to note it; other memorials are the Magellanic clouds, now known to be nearby dwarf galaxies; the twin lunar craters of Magelhaens and Magelhaens A; and the Martian crater of Magelhaens.
Early life and travels.
Magellan was born around 1480 either at Vila Nova de Gaia, near Porto, in Douro Litoral Province, or at Sabrosa, near Vila Real, in Trás-os-Montes e Alto Douro Province, in Portugal. He was the son of Rodrigo de Magalhães, alcaide-mór of Aveiro (1433–1500) (son of Pedro Afonso de Magalhães and wife Quinta de Sousa) and wife Alda de Mesquita and brother of Leonor or Genebra de Magalhães, wife with issue of João Fernandes Barbosa. After the death of his parents during his tenth year, he became a page to Queen Leonor at the Portuguese royal court because of his family's heritage.
In March 1505 at the age of 25, Magellan enlisted in the fleet of 22 ships sent to host D. Francisco de Almeida as the first viceroy of Portuguese India. Although his name does not appear in the chronicles, it is known that he remained there eight years, in Goa, Cochin and Quilon. He participated in several battles, including the battle of Cannanore in 1506, where he was wounded. In 1509 he fought in the battle of Diu. He later sailed under Diogo Lopes de Sequeira in the first Portuguese embassy to Malacca, with Francisco Serrão, his friend and possibly cousin. In September, after arriving at Malacca, the expedition fell victim to a conspiracy ending in retreat. Magellan had a crucial role, warning Sequeira and saving Francisco Serrão, who had landed. These actions earned him honors and a promotion.
In 1511, under the new governor Afonso de Albuquerque, Magellan and Serrão participated in the conquest of Malacca. After the conquest their ways parted: Magellan was promoted, with a rich plunder and, in the company of a Malay he had indentured and baptized Enrique of Malacca, he returned to Portugal in 1512. Serrão departed in the first expedition sent to find the "Spice Islands" in the Moluccas, where he remained. He married a woman from Amboina and became a military advisor to the Sultan of Ternate, Bayan Sirrullah. His letters to Magellan would prove decisive, giving information about the spice-producing territories.
After taking a leave without permission, Magellan fell out of favour. Serving in Morocco, he was wounded, resulting in a permanent limp. He was accused of trading illegally with the Moors. The accusations were proved false, but he received no further offers of employment after 15 May 1514. Later on in 1515, he got an employment offer as a crew member on a Portuguese ship, but rejected this. In 1517 after a quarrel with King Manuel I, who denied his persistent demands to lead an expedition to reach the spice islands from the east (i.e., while sailing westwards, seeking to avoid the need to sail around the tip of Africa), he left for Spain. In Seville he befriended his countryman Diogo Barbosa and soon married his daughter by his second wife María Caldera Beatriz Barbosa. They had two children: Rodrigo de Magalhães and Carlos de Magalhães, both of whom died at a young age. His wife died in Seville around 1521.
Meanwhile Magellan devoted himself to studying the most recent charts, investigating, in partnership with cosmographer Rui Faleiro, a gateway from the Atlantic to the South Pacific and the possibility of the Moluccas being Spanish according to the demarcation of the Treaty of Tordesillas.
Voyage of circumnavigation.
Background: Spanish search for a westward route to Asia.
Christopher Columbus' 1492–1503 voyages to the West had the goal of reaching the Indies and to establish direct commercial relations between Spain and the Asian kingdoms. The Spanish soon realized that the lands of the Americas were not a part of Asia, but a new continent. The 1494 Treaty of Tordesillas reserved for Portugal the eastern routes that went around Africa, and Vasco da Gama and the Portuguese arrived in India in 1498.
Spain urgently needed to find a new commercial route to Asia. After the Junta de Toro conference of 1505, the Spanish Crown commissioned expeditions to discover a route to the west. Spanish explorer Vasco Núñez de Balboa reached the Pacific Ocean in 1513 after crossing the Isthmus of Panama, and Juan Díaz de Solís died in Río de la Plata in 1516 while exploring South America in the service of Spain.
Funding and preparation.
In October 1517 in Seville, Magellan contacted Juan de Aranda, Factor of the "Casa de Contratación". Following the arrival of his partner Rui Faleiro, and with the support of Aranda, they presented their project to the Spanish king, Charles I, future Holy Roman Emperor Charles V. Magellan's project, if successful, would realize Columbus' plan of a spice route by sailing west without damaging relations with the Portuguese. The idea was in tune with the times and had already been discussed after Balboa's discovery of the Pacific. On 22 March 1518 the king named Magellan and Faleiro captains so that they could travel in search of the Spice Islands in July. He raised them to the rank of Commander of the Order of Santiago. The king granted them:
The expedition was funded largely by the Spanish Crown, which provided ships carrying supplies for two years of travel. Expert cartographer Jorge Reinel and Diogo Ribeiro, a Portuguese who had started working for Charles V in 1518 as a cartographer at the "Casa de Contratación", took part in the development of the maps to be used in the travel. Several problems arose during the preparation of the trip, including lack of money, the king of Portugal trying to stop them, Magellan and other Portuguese incurring suspicion from the Spanish, and the difficult nature of Faleiro. Finally, thanks to the tenacity of Magellan, the expedition was ready. Through the bishop Juan Rodríguez de Fonseca they obtained the participation of merchant Christopher de Haro, who provided a quarter of the funds and goods to barter.
The fleet.
The fleet provided by King Charles V included five ships: the flagship "Trinidad" (110 tons, crew 55), under Magellan's command; "San Antonio" (120 tons; crew 60) commanded by Juan de Cartagena; "Concepcion" (90 tons, crew 45) commanded by Gaspar de Quesada; "Santiago" (75 tons, crew 32) commanded by Juan Serrano; and "Victoria" (85 tons, crew 43), commanded by Luis Mendoza. (The last ship was named after the church of Santa Maria de la Victoria de Triana, where Magellan took an oath of allegiance to Charles V.) "Trinidad" was a caravel, and all others rated as carracks (Spanish "carraca" or "nao"; Portuguese "nau").
The crew.
The crew of about 270 included men from several nations: including Portugal, Spain, Italy, Germany, Belgium, Greece, England and France. Spanish authorities were wary of Magellan, so that they almost prevented him from sailing, switching his mostly Portuguese crew to mostly men of Spain. It included about 40 Portuguese, among them Magellan's brother-in-law Duarte Barbosa, João Serrão, a relative of Francisco Serrão, Estêvão Gomes and Magellan's indentured servant Enrique of Malacca. Faleiro, who had planned to accompany the voyage, withdrew prior to boarding. Juan Sebastián Elcano, a Spanish merchant ship captain settled at Seville, embarked seeking the king's pardon for previous misdeeds, and Antonio Pigafetta, a Venetian scholar and traveller, asked to be on the voyage, accepting the title of "supernumerary" and a modest salary. He became a strict assistant of Magellan and kept an accurate journal. The only other sailor to report the voyage would be Francisco Albo, who kept a formal logbook.
Juan de Cartageña was named Inspector General of the expedition, responsible for its financial and trading operations.
Departure and crossing of the Atlantic.
On 10 August 1519, the five ships under Magellan's command left Seville and descended the Guadalquivir River to Sanlúcar de Barrameda, at the mouth of the river. There they remained more than five weeks. Finally they set sail on 20 September.
King Manuel I ordered a Portuguese naval detachment to pursue Magellan, but the explorer evaded them. After stopping at the Canary Islands, Magellan arrived at Cape Verde, where he set course for Cape St. Augustine in Brazil. On 27 November the expedition crossed the equator; on 6 December the crew sighted South America.
As Brazil was Portuguese territory, Magellan avoided it and on 13 December anchored near present-day Rio de Janeiro. There the crew was resupplied, but bad conditions caused them to delay. Afterwards, they continued to sail south along South America's east coast, looking for the strait that Magellan believed would lead to the Spice Islands. The fleet reached Río de la Plata on 10 January 1520.
For overwintering, Magellan established a temporary settlement called Puerto San Julian on March 30, 1520. On Easter (April 1 and 2), a mutiny broke out involving three of the five ship captains. Magellan took quick and decisive action. Luis de Mendoza, the captain of "Victoria", was killed by a party sent by Magellan, and the ship was recovered. After "Concepcion's" anchor cable had been secretly cut by his forces, the ship drifted towards the well-armed "Trinidad", and "Concepcion's" captain de Quesada and his inner circle surrendered. Juan de Cartagena, the head of the mutineers on the "San Antonio," subsequently gave up. Antonio Pigafetta reported that Gaspar Quesada, the captain of "Concepcion", and other mutineers were executed, while Juan de Cartagena, the captain of "San Antonio", and a priest named Padre Sanchez de la Reina were marooned on the coast. Most of the men, including Juan Sebastián Elcano, were needed and forgiven. Reportedly those killed were drawn and quartered and impaled on the coast; years later, their bones were found by Sir Francis Drake. A replica of the "Victoria" can be visited in Puerto San Julian.
Passage into the Pacific.
The journey resumed. The help of Duarte Barbosa was crucial in facing the riot in Puerto San Julian; Magellan appointed him as captain of the "Victoria". The "Santiago" was sent down the coast on a scouting expedition and was wrecked in a sudden storm. All of its crew survived and made it safely to shore. Two of them returned overland to inform Magellan of what had happened, and to bring rescue to their comrades. After this experience, Magellan decided to wait for a few weeks more before resuming the voyage.
At 52°S latitude on 21 October, the fleet reached Cape Virgenes and concluded they had found the passage, because the waters were brine and deep inland. Four ships began an arduous trip through the long passage that Magellan called the "Estrecho (Canal) de Todos los Santos", ("All Saints' Channel"), because the fleet travelled through it on 1 November or All Saints' Day. The strait is now named the Strait of Magellan. He first assigned "Concepcion" and "San Antonio" to explore the strait, but the latter, commanded by Gómez, deserted and returned to Spain on 20 November. On 28 November, the three remaining ships entered the South Pacific. Magellan named the waters the "Mar Pacifico" (Pacific Ocean) because of its apparent stillness. Magellan and his crew were the first Europeans to reach Tierra del Fuego just east of the Pacific side of the strait.
Death in the Philippines.
Heading northwest, the crew reached the equator on 13 February 1521. On 6 March they reached the Marianas and Guam. Magellan called Guam the "Island of Sails" because they saw a lot of sailboats. They renamed it "Ladrones Island" (Island of Thieves) because many of the small boats of "Trinidad" were stolen there. On 17 March Magellan reached the island of Homonhon in the Philippines, with 150 crew left. Members of his expedition became the first Spaniards to reach the Philippine archipelago, but they were not the first Europeans.
Magellan relied on Enrique, his Malay servant and interpreter, to communicate with the native tribes. He had been indentured by Magellan in 1511 after the colonization of Malacca, and had accompanied him through later adventures. They traded gifts with Rajah Siaiu of Mazaua who guided them to Cebu on 7 April.
Rajah Humabon of Cebu was friendly towards Magellan and the Spaniards; both he and his queen Hara Amihan were baptized as Christians. Afterward, Rajah Humabon and his ally Datu Zula convinced Magellan to kill their enemy, Datu Lapu-Lapu, on Mactan. Magellan wanted to convert Lapu-Lapu to Christianity, as he had Humabon, but Lapu-Lapu rejected that. On the morning of 27 April 1521, Magellan sailed to Mactan with a small attack force. During the resulting battle against Lapu-Lapu's troops, Magellan was struck by a bamboo spear, and later surrounded and finished off with other weapons.
Pigafetta and Ginés de Mafra provided written documents of the events culminating in Magellan's death:
Magellan provided in his will that Enrique, his interpreter, was to be freed upon his death. But after the battle, the remaining ships' masters refused to free the Malay. Enrique escaped his indenture on 1 May with the aid of Rajah Humabon, amid the deaths of almost 30 crewmen.
Pigafetta had been jotting down words in both Butuanon and Cebuano languages – which he started at Mazaua on 29 March and his list grew to a total of 145 words. He continued communications with indigenous peoples during the rest of the voyage.
"Nothing of Magellan's body survived, that afternoon the grieving rajah-king, hoping to recover his remains, offered Mactan's victorious chief a handsome ransom of copper and iron for them but Datu Lapulapu refused. He intended to keep the body as a war trophy. Since his wife and child died in Seville before any member of the expedition could return to Spain, it seemed that every evidence of Ferdinand Magellan's existence had vanished from the earth."
Return.
The casualties suffered in the Philippines left the expedition with too few men to sail all three of the remaining ships. Consequently, on 2 May they abandoned and burned "Concepción." Reduced to "Trinidad" and "Victoria", the expedition fled westward to Palawan. They left that island on 21 June and were guided to Brunei, Borneo by Moro pilots, who could navigate the shallow seas. They anchored off the Brunei breakwater for 35 days, where Pigafetta, an Italian from Vicenza, recorded the splendour of Rajah Siripada's court (gold, two pearls the size of hens' eggs, porcelain from China, eyeglasses from Europe etc.). In addition, Brunei boasted tame elephants and an armament of 62 cannons, more than five times the armament of Magellan's ships. Brunei people were not interested in the Spanish cargo of cloves, but these proved more valuable than gold upon the return to Spain.
When reaching the Maluku Islands (the Spice Islands) on 6 November, the total crew numbered 115. They traded with the Sultan of Tidore, a rival of the Sultan of Ternate, who was the ally of the Portuguese.
The two remaining ships, laden with valuable spices, tried to return to Spain by sailing westwards. However, as they left the Spice Islands, the "Trinidad" began to take on water. The crew tried to discover and repair the leak, but failed. They concluded that "Trinidad" would need to spend considerable time being overhauled, but the small "Victoria" was not large enough to accommodate all the surviving crew. As a result, "Victoria" with some of the crew sailed west for Spain. Several weeks later, "Trinidad" departed and tried to return to Spain via the Pacific route. This attempt failed. "Trinidad" was captured by the Portuguese, and was eventually wrecked in a storm while at anchor under Portuguese control.
"Victoria" set sail via the Indian Ocean route home on 21 December, commanded by Juan Sebastián Elcano. By 6 May the "Victoria" rounded the Cape of Good Hope, with only rice for rations. Twenty crewmen died of starvation before Elcano put into Cape Verde, a Portuguese holding, where he abandoned 13 more crew on 9 July in fear of losing his cargo of 26 tons of spices (cloves and cinnamon).
On 6 September 1522, Elcano and the remaining crew of Magellan's voyage arrived in Spain aboard the "Victoria", almost exactly three years after the fleet of five ships had departed. Magellan had not intended to circumnavigate the world, only to find a secure way through which the Spanish ships could navigate to the Spice Islands. After his death, Elcano decided to push westward, thereby completing the first known voyage around the entire Earth.
Maximilianus Transylvanus interviewed some of the surviving members of the expedition when they presented themselves to the Spanish court at Valladolid in the autumn of 1522. He wrote the first account of the voyage, which was published in 1523. Pigafetta's account was not published until 1525, and was not published in its entirety until 1800. This was the Italian transcription by Carlo Amoretti of what is now called the "Ambrosiana codex." The expedition eked out a small profit, but the crew was not paid full wages.
Four crewmen of the original 55 on "Trinidad" finally returned to Spain in 1522; 51 had died in war or from disease. In total, approximately 232 sailors of assorted nationalities died on the expedition around the world with Magellan.
Survivors.
When "Victoria", the one surviving ship, returned to the harbor of departure after completing the first circumnavigation of the Earth, only 18 men out of the original 237 men were on board. Among the survivors were two Italians, Antonio Pigafetta and Martino de Judicibus. Martino de Judicibus () was a Genoese or Savonese Chief Steward. His history is preserved in the nominative registers at the "Archivo General de Indias" in Seville, Spain. The family name is referred to with the exact Latin patronymic, "de Judicibus". He was initially assigned to the caravel "Concepción", one of five ships of the Spanish fleet of Magellan. Martino de Judicibus embarked on the expedition with the rank of captain.
Aftermath and legacy.
Antonio Pigafetta's journal is the main source for much of what is known about Magellan and Elcano's voyage. The other direct report of the voyage was that of Francisco Albo, last "Victoria"'s pilot, who kept a formal logbook. Europeans first learned of the circumnavigation through an account written by Maximilianus Transylvanus, a relative of sponsor Christopher de Haro, who interviewed survivors in 1522 and published his account in 1523.
In 1525, soon after the return of Magellan's expedition, Charles V sent an expedition led by García Jofre de Loaísa to occupy the Moluccas, claiming that they were in his zone of the Treaty of Tordesillas. This expedition included the most notable Spanish navigators: Juan Sebastián Elcano, who, along with many other sailors, died of malnutrition during the voyage, and the young Andrés de Urdaneta. They had difficulty reaching the Moluccas, docking at Tidore. The Portuguese were already established in nearby Ternate and the two nations had nearly a decade of skirmishing over the "possession." (occupied by indigenous peoples.)
Since there was not a set limit to the east, in 1524 both kingdoms had tried to find the exact location of the antimeridian of Tordesillas, which would divide the world into two equal hemispheres and to resolve the "Moluccas issue". A board met several times without reaching an agreement: the knowledge at that time was insufficient for an accurate calculation of longitude, and each gave the islands to their sovereign. An agreement was reached only with the Treaty of Zaragoza, signed on 1529 between Spain and Portugal. It assigned the Moluccas to Portugal and the Philippines to Spain. The course that Magellan charted was followed by other navigators, such as Sir Francis Drake. In 1565, Andrés de Urdaneta discovered the Manila-Acapulco route.
Magellan's expedition was the first to circumnavigate the globe and the first to navigate the strait in South America connecting the Atlantic and the Pacific oceans. Magellan's name for the Pacific was adopted by other Europeans.
Magellan's crew observed several animals that were entirely new to European science, including a "camel without humps", which was probably a guanaco, whose range extends to Tierra del Fuego. The llama, vicuña and alpaca natural ranges were in the Andes mountains. A black "goose" that had to be skinned instead of plucked was a penguin.
The full extent of the Earth was realized, since their voyage was 14,460 Spanish leagues (60,440 km or 37,560 mi). The expedition showed the need for an International Date Line to be established. Upon returning the expedition found its date was a day behind, although they had faithfully maintained the ship's log. They lost one day because they traveled west during their circumnavigation of the globe, opposite to Earth's daily rotation. This caused great excitement at the time, and a special delegation was sent to the Pope to explain the oddity to him.
Two of the closest galaxies, the Magellanic Clouds in the southern celestial hemisphere, were named for Magellan sometime after 1800. The Magellan probe, which mapped the planet Venus from 1990 to 1994, was named after Magellan. The Ferdinand Magellan train rail car (also known as U.S. Car. No. 1) is a former Pullman Company observation car that was re-built by the U.S. Government for presidential use from 1943 until 1958. Also a starship of the TV series "Andromeda" was named Pax Magellanic, in reference of the Magellanic Clouds.
Three craters, two located on the Moon and one on Mars, have been named after Magellan using the spelling "Magelhaens". The names were adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1935 (Magelhaens on the Moon), 1976 (Magelhaens on Mars), and 2006 (Magelhaens A on the Moon).
, various initiatives are being planned to celebrate the fifth centenary of the first circumnavigation of the Earth. Seville and Sanlucar de Barrameda are planning a three-year program of events from 2019-2022. 

</doc>
<doc id="19914860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914860" title="Pakistanis in Malaysia">
Pakistanis in Malaysia

Pakistanis in Malaysia form the largest Pakistani diaspora community in southeast Asia and the tenth-largest in Asia as a whole.
Population.
The actual number of Pakistani people in Malaysia is generally understated, as the figure provided by the Pakistani Ministry of Labour merely assert that those who hold Pakistani citizenship. An absolute number of Pakistanis people and their descendants are likely to exceed 100,000. This is heavily contributed because the early settlers came from pre-partitioned British India (which located in present-day Pakistan) during the colonial days have obtained Malaysian citizenship. Throughout the years, most of Pakistanis Malaysians and their descendants are partially and fully assimilated with the Malay majority due to their common Islamic background, high level of intermarriage and to receive the lavish aid of Malaysian affirmative action policy under Article 153, thus registered themselves as Malays. Nonetheless, they identified their roots as Pakistani despite a considerable number came from pre-partitioned India origin.
Employment.
Figures from Pakistan's Ministry of Labour, Manpower, and Overseas Pakistanis show 10,000 Pakistanis working in Malaysia. A few sources have claimed many as 15,000 to 30,000 at various times. Under a 2005 agreement between Pakistan and Malaysia, as many as 100,000 Pakistanis may eventually work in Malaysia, especially in the manufacturing, construction, and plantation sectors; the Pakistani workers are intended to replace nearly 400,000 illegal immigrants from Indonesia, the Philippines, Bangladesh, India, and Sri Lanka who departed the country under an amnesty which ended in March 2005. Lt. General Tahir Mahmud Qazi, Pakistan's High Commissioner to Malaysia, expected that the number of Pakistanis in Malaysia would reach that figure of 100,000 by the end of 2010.
Pakistanis in Malaysia often live in miserable conditions; after an inspection tour, Pakistani senators Fauzia Fakhru Zaman and Rukhsana Zuberi said they had seen many workers who were weak due to lack of proper food and begged to be taken home, while others were receiving only RM400 in monthly salary after having been promised nearly four times that much by recruiters. The senators also blasted the Pakistani High Commission in Malaysia for taking no action on behalf of Pakistani workers there and for overcharging them for land purchases in Pakistan under the OPF Housing Scheme.
Travel.
In addition to the 10,000 Pakistanis working in Malaysia, the country receives as many as 50,000 visitors from Pakistan each year; Pakistan's Airblue plans to launch direct flights to Kuala Lumpur in 2009 and ordered fourteen Airbus A320 planes to service the route.
Notable people.
Should be noted that almost all figures in the list of the notable people Pakistani descent in Malaysia are of mixed descent, particularly with the ethnic Malays. Mixed-marriage is a pattern which is shared with most of Pakistani descent in Malaysia (excluding to the recently arrived expatriates), after settling in the Malaysian soil after generations, assimilation process and the common Islamic background.

</doc>
<doc id="19914861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914861" title="The Greatest Show on Earth (TV series)">
The Greatest Show on Earth (TV series)

The Greatest Show on Earth is an American drama series starring Jack Palance about the American circus, which aired on ABC from September 17, 1963, to April 28, 1964. It was produced by Desilu, the production company founded by Lucille Ball and Desi Arnaz, Sr..
Synopsis.
Palance portrayed Johnny Slate, the circus manager, who became involved in the personal lives of the circus performers. 
Reception.
"The Greatest Show on Earth" faced competition from two comedy programs on CBS: "Petticoat Junction", Edgar Buchanan's burgeoning spin-off of "The Beverly Hillbillies", and the long-running "The Jack Benny Program". NBC aired "The Richard Boone Show" at the same 9 p.m. Tuesday slot. The series was canceled after one season.

</doc>
<doc id="19914863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914863" title="Protasio Tagle">
Protasio Tagle

Protasio Tagle was a Mexican soldier and politician who lived in the 19th century. He participated in the Reform War as a member of the liberal sector, and later led a republican division during the second French intervention in Mexico. He joined general Porfirio Díaz during the Revolution of Tuxtepec (see Plan de Tuxtepec) and, after Díaz won and became the president of Mexico, Tagle was appointed as the Secretary of the Interior. In 1879 there were possibilities for him to be the presidential candidate, but he was defeated by Manuel González and finally retired from political activities.

</doc>
<doc id="19914866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914866" title="Kee MacFarlane">
Kee MacFarlane

Kathleen 'Kee' MacFarlane (born 1947) was the Director of Children's Institute International. She developed the concept of the anatomically correct doll for children to use during interviews concerning abuse and played a significant role in the McMartin preschool trial.
Professional training.
She received a bachelor's degree in fine arts in Ohio and later received her master's degree in social work. After graduation, MacFarlane became a lobbyist for the National Organization for Women and grant evaluator for the National Center for Child Abuse and Neglect, later becoming the Director of Children's Institute International (CII). In the time leading up to the McMartin preschool trial, MacFarlane described herself as a psychotherapist but lacked any professional licenses.
Involvement in the McMartin preschool trial.
As part of her job at CII, MacFarlane interviewed 400 children for the McMartin preschool trial using anatomically correct dolls and hand puppets. MacFarlane believed that the children suffered from child sexual abuse accommodation syndrome, and would deny sexual abuse without special techniques designed to encourage disclosure. The interviewing techniques used during investigations of the allegations were highly suggestive and invited children to pretend or speculate about supposed events. By spring of 1984, it was claimed that 360 children had been abused. Astrid Heppenstall Heger performed medical examinations and took photos of what she believed to be minute scarring which she stated was caused by anal penetration. Critics have alleged that the questioners asked the children leading questions, repetitively, which, it is said, always yields positive responses from young children, making it impossible to know what the child actually experienced. Others believe that the questioning itself may have led to false memory syndrome among the children who were questioned. Ultimately only 41 of the original 360 children testified during the grand jury and pre-trial hearings, and fewer than a dozen testified during the actual trial.
MacFarlane went on to testify in front of the United States Congress that she believed there was an organized, nation-wide conspiracy of individuals and "orthodox satanic groups" sexually abusing children, although she never presented evidence of who any of the individuals are nor proof of any orthodox satanic groups.

</doc>
<doc id="19914874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914874" title="Henry DeLand House">
Henry DeLand House

The Henry DeLand House also known as the Green Lantern Inn was built from 1874 to 1876 in the village of Fairport, New York as a home for Henry Addison DeLand. DeLand was a member of an influential local family and was a baking soda manufacturer. It is located at 1 East Church street, at the intersection of South Main street.
Description.
The painted brick Second Empire building has wood porches and a tin plated steel roof. It contains 4 Italian marble fireplaces and 2 slate fireplaces, painted to look like marble. It was one of the first houses in the region to have indoor plumbing, including a rainwater cistern.
History.
DeLand lost his fortune and the house covering orange crop losses for his Florida farmers. In 1905, the new owners installed stained glass windows, electric chandeliers and glass lanterns at the four doors. After 1920, it became known for a while as Villa Rosenborg due to its Danish owners. In 1920, it was slated to be torn down to provide space for a new trolley station, but the trolley line was rerouted saving the house. It became the Green Lantern Inn in 1925 under new owners who eventually added a restaurant. During Prohibition, alcohol was available in a hidden speakeasy loft. After the repeal of Prohibition, they opened an official taproom.
A decade long restoration project began in 1976. From 1980 to 2005, it was owned by Terrence O'Neil, Vice Chairman of the Fairport Savings Bank. In 2006, it hosted a fundraiser for the Rochester Philharmonic Orchestra which had 30 different designers improving the house.
It remains in use as a catering hall today.
References.
"Perinton, Fairport, and the Erie Canal" By Betty Bantle, Perinton Historical Society (Perinton, N.Y.), page 46

</doc>
<doc id="19914880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914880" title="Samuel Phillips Payson">
Samuel Phillips Payson

Reverend Samuel Phillips Payson (January 18, 1736 – January 11, 1801) was a Harvard graduate who ministered for the town of Chelsea, Massachusetts from 1757. The reverend, born in Walpole, was the son of Rev. Phillips Payson (1704–1778) and Anne Swift (1706–1756). Samuel married Elizabeth Stone (1735–1800), daughter of Rev. James Stone and Elizabeth Swift. The Payson family originated from Nazeing, England, first settling in the Massachusetts Bay Colony as early as 1635.

</doc>
<doc id="19914903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914903" title="Phillips Payson">
Phillips Payson

Phillips Payson (1704—1778) was minister for the town of Dorchester, Massachusetts from 1728.
He was the father of Samuel Phillips Payson, and is buried in the Rumney Marsh Burying Ground in Revere, Massachusetts.

</doc>
<doc id="19914937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914937" title="Henry Addison DeLand">
Henry Addison DeLand

Henry Addison Deland (born October 25, 1834, died March 13, 1908) was a baking soda manufacturer from Fairport, New York. The Henry DeLand House he built there is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Later, he founded DeLand, Florida (which had been formerly called Persimmon Hollow for the Persimmon trees that were abundant in the area) and the DeLand academy which became Stetson University. He suffered a severe financial loss due to guaranteeing Orange crops for farmers who rented his land.

</doc>
<doc id="19914945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914945" title="Pakistanis in Libya">
Pakistanis in Libya

In the 1970s there were more than 150,000 Pakistanis in Libya, primarily migrant workers. However, by 2009, that number had declined to just 10,000. The decline in numbers has been attributed to Pakistani government inaction in attempting to increase manpower exports. In May 2009, president of Pakistan Asif Ali Zardari visited Libya with the aim of increasing manpower exports, and proposed several measures including starting direct flights between the two countries and opening a joint Pakistani-Libyan bank to facilitate remittances.
There is a Pakistan Community School in the Libyan capital of Tripoli.

</doc>
<doc id="19914976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914976" title="Denis Mukwege">
Denis Mukwege

Denis Mukwege (born 1 March 1955) is a Congolese gynecologist. He founded and works in Panzi Hospital in Bukavu, where he specializes in the treatment of women who have been gang-raped by rebel forces, Mukwege has probably become the world's leading expert on how to repair the internal physical damage caused by gang rape. He has treated several thousands of women since the 1998 Congo's war, some of them more than once, performing up to 10 surgeries a day during his 18-hour working days. He has described how his patients arrive at the hospital sometimes naked, usually bleeding and leaking urine and faeces from torn vaginas.
Early life.
Mukwege was the third of nine children born to a Pentecostal minister and his wife. He studied medicine because he wanted to heal the sick that his father prayed for, working at first in a rural hospital, then traveling to France to study gynecology, after seeing the complications of childbirth experienced by women in the Congo who had no access to specialist healthcare.
UN speech and attack.
In September 2012, Mukwege made a strong speech condemning impunity for mass rape in the D.R. Congo, openly criticizing the shameful 16 years of inaction by the International Community and the Congolese government about the massacres in the Kivu region of the D.R.C.
On October 25, 2012, four armed men attacked his residence while he was not home, held his daughters hostages, and waited for his return to assassinate him. Upon his return, his guard intervened and was shot dead by the assassins. They missed Mukwege as he dropped to the ground during the shooting. After the assassination attempt, Mukwege went into exile in Europe and the Panzi Hospital reported that his absence has had a “devastating effect” on its daily operations.
He returned to Bukavu on January 14, 2013 where the population reserved him a warm welcome over the 20 miles from the Kavumu airport to the city of Bukavu, especially from his patients, who had raised funds to pay for his return ticket by selling pineapples and onions.

</doc>
<doc id="19914991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19914991" title="Shinpen Kamakurashi">
Shinpen Kamakurashi

The is an Edo period compendium of topographic, geographic and demographic data concerning the city of Kamakura, Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan, and its vicinities. Consisting of eight volumes and commissioned in 1685 by Tokugawa Mitsukuni to three vassals, it contains for example information about "Kamakura's Seven Entrances", "Kamakura's Ten Bridges" and "Kamakura's Ten Wells". It includes illustrations, maps, and information about temples, ruins and place names etymologies not only about Kamakura, but also about Enoshima, Shichirigahama, Hayama and Kanazawa. The book created and popularized many of these "numbered" names, which were picked up by many subsequent tourist guides and became part of Kamakura's image. Each volume contains a day's worth of walking and is a real and effective guide to sightseeing. This makes the book a precious source of information to historians. 
It is also the source of at least one Kamakura canard: it is often written that Kugyō, the Buddhist monk who in 1219 assassinated his uncle and shogun Minamoto no Sanetomo, on the night of the murder was hiding behind the great ginkgo tree next to Tsurugaoka Hachiman-gū's senior shrine, but the Azuma Kagami, our main historic source on the event, simply says he came . The detail of the ginkgo tree first appears in the "Shinpen Kamakurashi". 
It is believed the book was compiled using as a base the , written in 1674 by Tokugawa Mitsukuni himself about Kamakura's famous places, shrines and temples. The book was written at Zuisen-ji, a Zen temple of the Engaku-ji school in Kamakura by Kawai Tsunehisa, Matsumura Kiyoyuki and Rikiishi Tadakazu. 
Bibliographical Data:

</doc>
<doc id="19915006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915006" title="Yeşil Gece">
Yeşil Gece

Yeşil Gece ("Green Night") is a novel by Turkish author and playwright Reşat Nuri Güntekin, written in 1928.
The novel is about a boy, Şahin who is sent to a medrese (an Islamic school) by his devoutly Muslim father. Şahin rebels against his father and takes up rational thought and secularism. He then goes to spread his ideology on the people of a small town in the background of the war of independence and formation of the Turkish republic.

</doc>
<doc id="19915021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915021" title="Yaprak Dökümü">
Yaprak Dökümü

Yaprak Dökümü ("The Fall Of Leaves") is a novel by Turkish author and playwright Reşat Nuri Güntekin, written in 1930. It is available in an English translation by W. D. Halsey
Plot summary.
The novel revolves around a middle class Turkish family (the Tekins) in the 1930s. The main characters are Ali Riza Tekin (head of the Tekin family), his wife Hayriye, their young daughters: Fikret (the oldest daughter), Leyla (the second daughter), Necla (the third daughter), Ayşe (their youngest daughter), their only son Şevket (who is between Fikret and Leyla) and his bride Ferhunde (who is also the principal antagonist).

</doc>
<doc id="19915078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915078" title="Denbo">
Denbo

Denbo is a settlement in the Akkar District in North Governorate, Lebanon.
Denbo is located in north of Lebanon. It is in close proximatey to Halba, the capital of Akkar. Denbo is situated atop a mountainside while overlooking the Syrian border.
Demographics.
The estimated population is 4500. The main religious denomination is Muslim Sunni. Denbo is well known for its beautiful women and vast olive plantations. Most Because Denbo is located atop a beautiful mountain side many other Lebanese clans and villages tend to get jealous and compete with Denbo's natural beauty.
Economy.
Old craftsmen still design and manufacture everything from old sweeping brooms to old wooden sit down stools. Electricity comes only 12 hours a day while there is no running gas or water. All gas bottles are filled up at filling stations while water is collected down the 'EIN' a long-running natural spring. telephone internet.access
Climate.
Summer starts in June while winter starts in December. In summer the weather gets to extreme heat conditions while in winter it snows. Lebanon has year long ice capped mountains which make it a haven for thrill seekers who can sunbake by the beach in the morning during summer and then go skiing in the ice capped mountains in the afternoon. 
Education.
Schooling is for nine months consecutive and holidays are three months consecutive. There are more private schools than public schools in Lebanon as the government needs to support and financially sponsor its schooling system.

</doc>
<doc id="19915100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915100" title="Council on the Ageing">
Council on the Ageing

The Council on the Ageing (NSW), established in 1956, provides leadership in social policy and community information and education for all older persons in New South Wales and Australia.
COTA NSW is known as the voice of seniors over 50. It aims to foster a society where seniors are respected, consulted, included, represented and heard.
Functions.
COTA NSW works with government, business, the media and the wider community.
COTA Over 50's.
COTA NSW is a member of COTA Over 50s which consists of eight State and Territory-based entities - Councils on the Ageing in NSW, Victoria, Tasmania, Western Australia, South Australia, ACT, Queensland and the Northern Territory.

</doc>
<doc id="19915101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915101" title="Legislative Digest">
Legislative Digest

Legislative Digest is an official publication of the House Republican Conference. It serves as the primary source of legislative analysis and preview of floor activity for Republican Members of the United States House of Representatives. As such, it functions as the Republican counterpart to the Democratic Study Group. It originally was published weekly, but starting with the 104th Congress was published daily, and distributed in either printed or faxed form. Legislative Digest is currently published online. 
As an official U.S. government publication, it is not subject to copyright and may be viewed, copied, and distributed freely by the public. For instance, Legislative Digest's summaries of bills and amendments often serve as a source for the scrolling display commentary on C-SPAN.

</doc>
<doc id="19915126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915126" title="Tanerliq">
Tanerliq

Tanerliq (pronounced tun-ul-lik) is a ship escort, rescue and oil response ocean going tugboat operated by Crowley Maritime and stationed in Prince William Sound, Alaska. "Tanerliq" is credited with being the most powerful Voith Schneider driven tugboat in the world. In addition to "Tanerliq", her sister ship "Nanuq" is also stationed in Valdez, Alaska. 
These two vessels, in addition to a dozen other units, escort and protect the waters of Prince William Sound, site of the "Exxon Valdez"-oil spill in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="19915133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915133" title="Finnish Championship League">
Finnish Championship League

Finnish Championship League ("Rugbyn SM-sarja") is the premier rugby union competition in Finland, formed in 2002. The league is governed by the Finnish Rugby Federation, the governing body for Rugby union in Finland. The league is played in summer months. Six teams take part of the competition. The reigning champion (2013) is Tampere RC.
See also.
Rugby union in Finland

</doc>
<doc id="19915154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915154" title="Harvey Karp">
Harvey Karp

Harvey Neil Karp (born 1951) is an American pediatrician, best known for the techniques he has developed and popularized for calming infants. He is the author of two books, "The Happiest Baby on the Block", published in 2002, and its 2004 sequel, "The Happiest Toddler on the Block".
Karp's technique.
The technique is designed to recreate the essential elements of the experience of living in the womb. Human babies, according to Karp, are born less-developed than other mammals. The first three months of life Karp calls the "fourth trimester". Karp believes there is a "calming reflex" that causes babies to instantly relax when they are given clues that they are safe inside the womb. There are five parts of the technique he calls the "five S's".
Criticism.
CBS news reports that "Critics say Karp is riding to fame on the strength of his patients' VIP parents, who include Michelle Pfeiffer, Pierce Brosnan and Madonna. Endorsements from several stars appear on his book jacket and video cover." Some doctors have also expressed concern that babies may accidentally be left to sleep face down, a position which increases the risk of sudden infant death syndrome. Karp explicitly warns parents not to leave babies in this position. Ralph Frenken has argued against Karp’s recommendation of the use of tight swaddling and the concept of a "calming reflex".

</doc>
<doc id="19915185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915185" title="Augustów, Gmina Kowala">
Augustów, Gmina Kowala

Augustów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowala, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Kowala, south-west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915186" title="Bardzice">
Bardzice

Bardzice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowala, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Kowala, south of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 450.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915187" title="Dąbrówka Zabłotnia">
Dąbrówka Zabłotnia

Dąbrówka Zabłotnia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowala, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Kowala, south-west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915190" title="Grabina, Gmina Kowala">
Grabina, Gmina Kowala

Grabina is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowala, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Kowala, south of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 240.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915191" title="Huta Mazowszańska">
Huta Mazowszańska

Huta Mazowszańska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowala, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Kowala, south of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915193" title="Kończyce-Kolonia">
Kończyce-Kolonia

Kończyce-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowala, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915194" title="Kotarwice">
Kotarwice

Kotarwice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowala, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Kowala, south-west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 600.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915195" title="Kowala, Masovian Voivodeship">
Kowala, Masovian Voivodeship

Kowala is a village in Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Kowala. It lies approximately south-west of Radom and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 990.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915197" title="Ludwinów, Radom County">
Ludwinów, Radom County

Ludwinów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowala, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915198" title="Maliszów">
Maliszów

Maliszów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowala, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Kowala, south of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915200" title="Mazowszany">
Mazowszany

Mazowszany is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowala, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Kowala, south of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915202" title="Młodocin Mniejszy">
Młodocin Mniejszy

Młodocin Mniejszy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowala, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Kowala, south-west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 1,000.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915204" title="Parznice">
Parznice

Parznice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowala, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Kowala, south of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915206" title="Romanów, Gmina Kowala">
Romanów, Gmina Kowala

Romanów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowala, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915208" title="Rożki, Masovian Voivodeship">
Rożki, Masovian Voivodeship

Rożki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowala, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Kowala, south-west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 550.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915210" title="Ruda Mała">
Ruda Mała

Ruda Mała is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowala, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Radom and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915212" title="Trablice">
Trablice

Trablice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowala, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Kowala, south-west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 1,100.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915222" title="Adolfin, Masovian Voivodeship">
Adolfin, Masovian Voivodeship

Adolfin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pionki, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Pionki, north-east of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915223" title="Augustów, Gmina Pionki">
Augustów, Gmina Pionki

Augustów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pionki, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915225" title="Bieliny, Radom County">
Bieliny, Radom County

Bieliny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pionki, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Pionki, east of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915227" title="Brzezinki, Radom County">
Brzezinki, Radom County

Brzezinki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pionki, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915229" title="Brzeziny, Radom County">
Brzeziny, Radom County

Brzeziny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pionki, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Pionki, north-east of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915230" title="Czarna Wieś, Masovian Voivodeship">
Czarna Wieś, Masovian Voivodeship

Czarna Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pionki, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915231" title="Czarna-Kolonia">
Czarna-Kolonia

Czarna-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pionki, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Pionki, east of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915232" title="Działki Suskowolskie">
Działki Suskowolskie

Działki Suskowolskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pionki, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915233" title="Helenów, Radom County">
Helenów, Radom County

Helenów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pionki, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915236" title="Huta, Radom County">
Huta, Radom County

Huta is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pionki, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Pionki, north-east of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915237" title="Januszno">
Januszno

Januszno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pionki, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Pionki, north-east of Radom, and south-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915238" title="Jaroszki, Masovian Voivodeship">
Jaroszki, Masovian Voivodeship

Jaroszki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pionki, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Pionki, north-east of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915240" title="Jaśce">
Jaśce

Jaśce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pionki, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Pionki, north-east of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915241" title="Jedlnia">
Jedlnia

Jedlnia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pionki, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Pionki, north-east of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 3,000.

</doc>
<doc id="19915243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915243" title="Jedlnia-Kolonia">
Jedlnia-Kolonia

Jedlnia-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pionki, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915244" title="Kieszek">
Kieszek

Kieszek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pionki, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Pionki, north-east of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 160.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915246" title="Krasna Dąbrowa">
Krasna Dąbrowa

Krasna Dąbrowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pionki, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915247" title="Laski, Radom County">
Laski, Radom County

Laski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pionki, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Pionki, east of Radom, and south-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915248" title="Marcelów, Gmina Pionki">
Marcelów, Gmina Pionki

Marcelów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pionki, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915249" title="Mireń">
Mireń

Mireń is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pionki, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Pionki, east of Radom, and south-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915252" title="Płachty, Masovian Voivodeship">
Płachty, Masovian Voivodeship

Płachty is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pionki, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Pionki, east of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915254" title="People sniffer">
People sniffer

People sniffer was the field name for a series of U.S. Army personnel detectors used during the Vietnam War. The purpose was to detect enemy soldiers in hidden positions, which were often employed in the jungle combat conditions of Vietnam. The U.S. military used two different versions of the people sniffer, one backpack version and one helicopter-mounted version.
Detection method.
The detection method used by people sniffers depended on effluents unique to human beings; such as those found in urine and sweat. The technology was developed by General Electric for the Army's Chemical Corps. Sweat, being partially composed of ammonia, when combined with hydrochloric acid produces ammonium chloride. Chemical officers planned the detection missions, later known as Operation Snoopy, while individual Chemical Corps soldiers learned how to use the detector equipment and conduct detection operations.
XM-2.
The XM-2 personnel detector manpack, also known as the E63 manpack personnel detector, was the first version of the people sniffer employed by the Army. The XM-2 featured a backpack mounted sensor with an air intake tube on the end of a rifle. The XM-2 was problematic in often detecting the soldier carrying it rather than the enemy. The device also made a distinct sound, easily detectable by the enemy.
XM-3.
The XM-3 airborne personnel detector was a helicopter mounted personnel detector and the second version of the people sniffers. The XM-3 used two independent and identical units that operated in two separate modes. In 1970, the XM-3 became the M3 personnel detector; the M3 became standard issue and was employed almost daily in LOH-6, OH-58 and UH-1 helicopters.
Effectiveness.
While useful, the detectors had to be used with some caution. People sniffers were known to be oversensitive and would often detect civilians or animals excreting bodily waste. In 1967 the Army Scientific Advisory Panel sent John D. Baldeschwieler to Vietnam in order to conduct controlled experiments and determine the ability of the people sniffers to detect ammonia. The tests showed that the people sniffer responded randomly to ammonia indicators, making it a very subjective instrument. Despite this, the ability of the people sniffer to detect other effluents, such as smoke, helped it to remain a valuable tool during the Vietnam War.
The Viet Cong (VC) and the North Vietnamese Army (NVA) were able to develop effective, low-tech countermeasures to the people sniffers. The airborne sniffers soon became recognizable to the VC and NVA and they would attempt to avoid detection by not firing on Operation Snoopy missions. (Snoopy's ability to detect smoke meant it could easily locate ground troops firing with small arms, even if under cover and camouflaged.) In later Snoopy operations, the detection helicopters were disguised as gunships in order to provoke easily detectable small arms fire. 
Another effective decoy used by the NVA and VC involved hanging buckets of mud with urine in trees and then moving into another area. Tactics such as these essentially rendered people sniffers ineffective in jungle terrain, but they remained useful in open areas, such as those found in the Mekong Delta.

</doc>
<doc id="19915255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915255" title="Poświętne, Radom County">
Poświętne, Radom County

Poświętne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pionki, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Pionki, north-east of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
The village has an approximate population of 150.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915256" title="Sałki, Radom County">
Sałki, Radom County

Sałki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pionki, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Pionki, east of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915258" title="Sokoły, Masovian Voivodeship">
Sokoły, Masovian Voivodeship

Sokoły is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pionki, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Pionki, east of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915259" title="Stoki, Masovian Voivodeship">
Stoki, Masovian Voivodeship

Stoki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pionki, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915260" title="Sucha, Radom County">
Sucha, Radom County

Sucha is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pionki, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Pionki, east of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 650.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915262" title="Suskowola">
Suskowola

Suskowola is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pionki, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Pionki, east of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 860.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915265" title="Tadeuszów, Masovian Voivodeship">
Tadeuszów, Masovian Voivodeship

Tadeuszów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pionki, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Pionki, north-east of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915267" title="Wincentów, Radom County">
Wincentów, Radom County

Wincentów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pionki, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915270" title="Zadobrze, Masovian Voivodeship">
Zadobrze, Masovian Voivodeship

Zadobrze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pionki, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Pionki, north-east of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915271" title="Zalesie, Gmina Pionki">
Zalesie, Gmina Pionki

Zalesie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pionki, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915272" title="Żdżary, Radom County">
Żdżary, Radom County

Żdżary is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pionki, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Pionki, east of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915279" title="Dęba, Masovian Voivodeship">
Dęba, Masovian Voivodeship

Dęba is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Przytyk, north-west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915282" title="Domaniów, Masovian Voivodeship">
Domaniów, Masovian Voivodeship

Domaniów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915283" title="Duży Las">
Duży Las

Duży Las is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915284" title="Gaczkowice">
Gaczkowice

Gaczkowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Przytyk, west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915285" title="Glinice, Masovian Voivodeship">
Glinice, Masovian Voivodeship

Glinice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Przytyk, north-west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915286" title="Goszczewice">
Goszczewice

Goszczewice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915288" title="Jabłonna, Radom County">
Jabłonna, Radom County

Jabłonna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Przytyk, north-west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915289" title="Jadwinów, Radom County">
Jadwinów, Radom County

Jadwinów is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915291" title="Jagodno, Masovian Voivodeship">
Jagodno, Masovian Voivodeship

Jagodno is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915292" title="Kaszewska Wola">
Kaszewska Wola

Kaszewska Wola is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Przytyk, north-west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915294" title="Kolonia Zameczek">
Kolonia Zameczek

Kolonia Zameczek is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915295" title="Krzyszkowice, Masovian Voivodeship">
Krzyszkowice, Masovian Voivodeship

Krzyszkowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915299" title="Maksymilianów, Radom County">
Maksymilianów, Radom County

Maksymilianów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Przytyk, north-west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915300" title="Młódnice">
Młódnice

Młódnice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Przytyk, west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 136.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915301" title="Mścichów">
Mścichów

Mścichów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Przytyk, north-west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915302" title="Oblas">
Oblas

Oblas is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Przytyk, west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915303" title="Oblas-Leśniczówka">
Oblas-Leśniczówka

Oblas-Leśniczówka is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915305" title="TNA Television Championship">
TNA Television Championship

The TNA Television Championship is a professional wrestling championship owned by the Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA) promotion. The belt is currently inactive. It was introduced on the October 23, 2008 episode of TNA's television program "TNA Impact!" as the "TNA Legends Championship". It since has been known as the "TNA Global Championship" and its current name the "TNA Television Championship".
As a professional wrestling championship, it is won via a scripted ending to a match or awarded to a wrestler because of a storyline. All title changes have occurred at TNA-promoted events thus far. There have been a total of sixteen reigns among twelve wrestlers. The first champion was Booker T. The current champion is Abyss, who is in his second reign. 
History.
The title was introduced during a storyline that pitted young talent within the company (The TNA Front Line) against veterans of professional wrestling (The Main Event Mafia). In the weeks leading up to the unveiling of the physical belt, Booker T carried around a steel briefcase. On the October 23, 2008 episode of "TNA Impact!", Booker T introduced the belt by removing it from the steel briefcase, announcing its name as the "TNA Legends Championship", and declaring himself the first champion. He went on to state that the championship was his and that he would defend it when he saw fit; this meant that the championship was unsanctioned by TNA in the storyline. On March 15, 2009 at TNA's Destination X pay-per-view (PPV) event, A.J. Styles defeated Booker T to win the championship. Afterwards on the March 19, 2009 episode of "TNA Impact!", Styles was credited as becoming the first-ever TNA Grand Slam Champion, by winning the World Heavyweight (NWA or TNA), the World Tag Team (NWA or TNA), and the TNA X Division Championship along with the Legends Championship. Management Director Jim Cornette then announced that the TNA Legends Championship had become an official TNA sanctioned championship thanks to Styles defeating Booker T for it legally via the contract the two had signed to make the match official (in storyline terms). 
On the October 29, 2009 episode of "Impact!", then-champion Eric Young renamed the title the "TNA Global Championship". He went on to declare that he was not going to defend it against any American wrestlers nor on American soil. However, Young's first defense was on the December 10, 2009 episode of "TNA Impact!" on American soil in Orlando, Florida against Japanese female wrestler Hamada. Young's second, third and fourth defense lived up to his earlier decree, when he defended against Suicide in Glasgow, Hamada in Bournemouth, and - unsuccessfully - against Welsh wrestler Rob Terry in Cardiff, Wales at a live event on January 27, 2010. On the July 22 episode of "Impact!", Terry lost the Global Championship to A.J. Styles, who renamed the title the "TNA Television Championship" on the episode of July 29. 
On the April 19, 2012, episode of "Impact Wrestling", TNA General Manager Hulk Hogan ordered that the TNA Television Championship must be defended every week on "Impact Wrestling". The weekly title defenses lasted until the June 21, 2012, episode of "Impact Wrestling".
Reigns.
The inaugural champion was Booker T, who awarded the championship to himself on the October 23, 2008 episode of "TNA Impact!". Abyss' second and current reign is the longest in the title's history. Kevin Nash's first reign holds the record for shortest reign in the title's history at three days. A.J. Styles, Nash, Eric Young, Devon, and Abyss are all tied for record of most reigns, with two each. Styles and Young are the only champions to have held the title under all three of its names, each having been responsible in storyline for one of the name changes. 
The current champion is Abyss, who is in his record tying second reign. He defeated Devon on June 2, 2013 at Slammiversary XI in Boston, MA. Overall, there has been seventeen reigns among twelve wrestlers.

</doc>
<doc id="19915306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915306" title="Ostrołęka, Radom County">
Ostrołęka, Radom County

Ostrołęka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Przytyk, west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 203.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915307" title="Podgajek">
Podgajek

Podgajek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Przytyk, north-west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915308" title="Posada, Masovian Voivodeship">
Posada, Masovian Voivodeship

Posada is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Przytyk, west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915309" title="Potkanna">
Potkanna

Potkanna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Przytyk, west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915310" title="Sewerynów, Radom County">
Sewerynów, Radom County

Sewerynów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Przytyk, north-west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915312" title="Słowików, Masovian Voivodeship">
Słowików, Masovian Voivodeship

Słowików is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915313" title="Stary Młyn">
Stary Młyn

Stary Młyn may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19915314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915314" title="Stary Młyn, Masovian Voivodeship">
Stary Młyn, Masovian Voivodeship

Stary Młyn is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915315" title="Stefanów, Radom County">
Stefanów, Radom County

Stefanów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Przytyk, north-west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915316" title="Studzienice, Masovian Voivodeship">
Studzienice, Masovian Voivodeship

Studzienice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915321" title="Suków, Masovian Voivodeship">
Suków, Masovian Voivodeship

Suków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Przytyk, north-west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915322" title="Sukowska Wola">
Sukowska Wola

Sukowska Wola is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Przytyk, north-west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915323" title="Witoldów, Radom County">
Witoldów, Radom County

Witoldów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915324" title="Wola Wrzeszczowska">
Wola Wrzeszczowska

Wola Wrzeszczowska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Przytyk, north-west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915325" title="Wólka Domaniowska">
Wólka Domaniowska

Wólka Domaniowska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Przytyk, west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915326" title="Wrzeszczów">
Wrzeszczów

Wrzeszczów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Przytyk, north-west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915330" title="Wrzos, Masovian Voivodeship">
Wrzos, Masovian Voivodeship

Wrzos is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Przytyk, west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915332" title="Wygnanów, Masovian Voivodeship">
Wygnanów, Masovian Voivodeship

Wygnanów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915334" title="Zameczek, Masovian Voivodeship">
Zameczek, Masovian Voivodeship

Zameczek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915335" title="Żerdź, Masovian Voivodeship">
Żerdź, Masovian Voivodeship

Żerdź is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Przytyk, north-west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915336" title="Żmijków">
Żmijków

Żmijków is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Przytyk, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915341" title="Anielin, Radom County">
Anielin, Radom County

Anielin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skaryszew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Skaryszew, south-east of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915342" title="Antoniów, Radom County">
Antoniów, Radom County

Antoniów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skaryszew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Skaryszew, south of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915343" title="Bogusławice, Radom County">
Bogusławice, Radom County

Bogusławice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skaryszew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915344" title="Bujak, Masovian Voivodeship">
Bujak, Masovian Voivodeship

Bujak is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skaryszew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Skaryszew, south-east of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915345" title="Chomętów-Puszcz">
Chomętów-Puszcz

Chomętów-Puszcz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skaryszew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915347" title="Chomętów-Socha">
Chomętów-Socha

Chomętów-Socha is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skaryszew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915348" title="Chomętów-Szczygieł">
Chomętów-Szczygieł

Chomętów-Szczygieł is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skaryszew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915349" title="Edwardów, Radom County">
Edwardów, Radom County

Edwardów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skaryszew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Skaryszew, south-east of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915350" title="Gębarzów">
Gębarzów

Gębarzów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skaryszew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Skaryszew, south of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915351" title="Gębarzów-Kolonia">
Gębarzów-Kolonia

Gębarzów-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skaryszew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915352" title="Grabina, Gmina Skaryszew">
Grabina, Gmina Skaryszew

Grabina is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skaryszew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915353" title="Huta Skaryszewska">
Huta Skaryszewska

Huta Skaryszewska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skaryszew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Skaryszew, south-east of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915354" title="Zock On!">
Zock On!

"Zock On!" is a single by Japanese hip hop group Teriyaki Boyz, released as the second single from their second studio album "Serious Japanese". It was produced by The Neptunes and features Busta Rhymes and Pharrell. According to Verbal in an interview with DJ Semtex, the beat produced by Pharrell was created solely using buckets.
The song reached #16 on the Japan Oricon Singles Chart for the week of March 20, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19915357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915357" title="Janów, Radom County">
Janów, Radom County

Janów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skaryszew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915358" title="Kazimierówka, Masovian Voivodeship">
Kazimierówka, Masovian Voivodeship

Kazimierówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skaryszew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915359" title="Kłonowiec-Koracz">
Kłonowiec-Koracz

Kłonowiec-Koracz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skaryszew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915360" title="Kłonowiec-Kurek">
Kłonowiec-Kurek

Kłonowiec-Kurek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skaryszew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915361" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915361" title="Kobylany, Radom County">
Kobylany, Radom County

Kobylany is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skaryszew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Skaryszew, south-east of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915362" title="Maków, Masovian Voivodeship">
Maków, Masovian Voivodeship

Maków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skaryszew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Skaryszew, south-east of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 890.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915363" title="Maków Nowy">
Maków Nowy

Maków Nowy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skaryszew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915364" title="Makowiec, Masovian Voivodeship">
Makowiec, Masovian Voivodeship

Makowiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skaryszew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Skaryszew, south-east of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 900.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915366" title="Miasteczko, Masovian Voivodeship">
Miasteczko, Masovian Voivodeship

Miasteczko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skaryszew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Skaryszew, south-east of Radom, and south of Warsaw. The word "miasteczko" is a diminutive of the Polish word "miasto" ("town"), and means "small town" or "village".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915367" title="Modrzejowice">
Modrzejowice

Modrzejowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skaryszew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Skaryszew, south of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915368" title="Niwa Odechowska">
Niwa Odechowska

Niwa Odechowska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skaryszew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915369" title="Nowy Dzierzkówek">
Nowy Dzierzkówek

Nowy Dzierzkówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skaryszew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>
was a great man

</doc>
<doc id="19915370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915370" title="Odechów, Masovian Voivodeship">
Odechów, Masovian Voivodeship

Odechów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skaryszew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies in northern Lesser Poland, approximately east of Skaryszew, south-east of Radom, and south of Warsaw. The village has a population of 490, and was officially a town from 1573 until the late 17th century.
Odechów is one of the oldest villages of Lesser Poland’s Land of Radom. It was first mentioned in documents from 1228, and received Magdeburg rights as Nowy Targ (later Miasteczko Odechowskie) in 1578. Its name probably comes from the fact that in the Kingdom of Poland, it was located along the oxen trail from Rus’ to Silesia and Greater Poland. Merchants with their cattle would stop here to rest ("dla odechu"). Odechów remained a very small town, located too close to the ancient urban center of Skaryszew. Finally, it was stripped of its charter some time in the second half of the 17th century.
Odechów is famous for its ancient church, which was first built as a wooden complex by Mikolaj Traba between 1404 and 1411. Between 1459 and 1460, Jan Dlugosz built a new, brick church, which was greatly expanded between 1911 and 1913, following a design of Zygmunt Slominski, an architect from Radom.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915371" title="Odechowiec">
Odechowiec

Odechowiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skaryszew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915372" title="Podsuliszka">
Podsuliszka

Podsuliszka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skaryszew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Skaryszew, south of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
Line notes.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915373" title="Sołtyków, Masovian Voivodeship">
Sołtyków, Masovian Voivodeship

Sołtyków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skaryszew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Skaryszew, south of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915374" title="Stary Dzierzkówek">
Stary Dzierzkówek

Stary Dzierzkówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skaryszew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Skaryszew, south-east of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915375" title="Tomaszów, Radom County">
Tomaszów, Radom County

Tomaszów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skaryszew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915377" title="Wilczna, Masovian Voivodeship">
Wilczna, Masovian Voivodeship

Wilczna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skaryszew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Skaryszew, south of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
The village has an approximate population of 140.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915379" title="Wólka Twarogowa">
Wólka Twarogowa

Wólka Twarogowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skaryszew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Skaryszew, south-east of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915380" title="Wymysłów, Gmina Skaryszew">
Wymysłów, Gmina Skaryszew

Wymysłów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skaryszew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915381" title="Zalesie, Gmina Skaryszew">
Zalesie, Gmina Skaryszew

Zalesie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skaryszew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Skaryszew, south-east of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915387" title="Błędów, Radom County">
Błędów, Radom County

Błędów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Wierzbica, south-west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915388" title="Dąbrówka Warszawska">
Dąbrówka Warszawska

Dąbrówka Warszawska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, in Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Wierzbica, south of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915389" title="Łączany, Masovian Voivodeship">
Łączany, Masovian Voivodeship

Łączany is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Wierzbica, south of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915390" title="Podgórki, Masovian Voivodeship">
Podgórki, Masovian Voivodeship

Podgórki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Wierzbica, south of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915391" title="Polany, Masovian Voivodeship">
Polany, Masovian Voivodeship

Polany is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Wierzbica, south of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915392" title="Polany-Kolonia">
Polany-Kolonia

Polany-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915394" title="Pomorzany, Masovian Voivodeship">
Pomorzany, Masovian Voivodeship

Pomorzany is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Wierzbica, south of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915395" title="Pomorzany-Kolonia">
Pomorzany-Kolonia

Pomorzany-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915396" title="Ruda Wielka">
Ruda Wielka

Ruda Wielka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Wierzbica, south-west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 1,300.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915397" title="Rzeczków, Masovian Voivodeship">
Rzeczków, Masovian Voivodeship

Rzeczków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Wierzbica, south-west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915398" title="Rzeczków-Kolonia">
Rzeczków-Kolonia

Rzeczków-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915399" title="Stanisławów, Radom County">
Stanisławów, Radom County

Stanisławów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Wierzbica, south-west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915400" title="Suliszka">
Suliszka

Suliszka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Wierzbica, south of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915402" title="Wierzbica, Radom County">
Wierzbica, Radom County

Wierzbica is a village in Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Wierzbica. It lies approximately south of Radom and south of Warsaw. The village has a population of 1,900, and belongs to historic Polish province of Lesser Poland. Wierzbica was a town from 1469 to 1870. For most of its history, it belonged to Lesser Poland’s Sandomierz Voivodeship. 
Wierzbica was first mentioned in the year 1198, in a document issued by Bishop of Kraków Gedko. The bishop described in it rules of religious tax (tithe), paid for monasteries at Miechów and Wąchock. The Order of Cistercians from Wąchock probably founded wooden church of Saint Giles at Wierzbica, which became the center of a Roman Catholic parish. At that time, the village of Wierzbica belonged to the abbots of the Wąchock Monastery, together with Iłża and Tarczek. In 1229, Princess Grzymislawa of Luck, together with her son Boleslaw V the Chaste, met here with Prince Konrad I of Masovia and several church leaders. Wierzbica remained property of the Cistercians from Wąchock until late 18th century. 
The village received Magdeburg rights from King Kazimierz Jagiellończyk in Radom, on July 12, 1469, upon request of Abbot Jakub from Wąchock. Residents of the newly founded town were allowed to create their own local council, and to make weekly markets on Saturdays, as well as three fairs annually (April 11, July 25 and September 14). The town quickly developed, enjoying the support of the powerful "Wąchock Monastery", and in the late 15th century, it was larger than local urban centers of Radom and Iłża. In 1502, King Aleksander Jagiellończyk confirmed all privileges for Wierzbica, and in the mid-16th century, King Zygmunt II August extended them to the village of Rzeczków, located in the suburbs of the town. In the Polish Golden Age Wierzbica prospered, due to location on a local merchant route Opoczno – Skrzynno - Szydłowiec – Jastrząb – Wierzbica, with additional routes to Iłża, and Skaryszew. 
Until the Partitions of Poland (1795), Wierzbica remained in Sandomierz Voivodeship. In 1795 - 1807 it belonged to the Habsburg Empire, and in 1807 - 1815 to the Duchy of Warsaw, which became Russian-controlled Congress Poland. The town declined in the 19th century, and after the January Uprising, Russian government reduced its status to that of a village. It still remains a village, with one characteristic feature of a town, which is a medieval market square.
In 1952 - 1955, the government of People's Republic of Poland, with Soviet cooperation built here Cement Plant “Friendship”, based on Soviet technology. The name of the plant was in 1989 changed into “Wierzbica”. In 1996 the plant was purchased by a French concern Lafarge, which closed it on October 12, 1997, despite the fact that the plant had been profitable in 1992 - 1996. 
Among points of interest there is a parish church of St. Stanislaus (18th century), the 19th century cemetery, and several wooden houses from early 19th century. Wierzbica has a football team "Orzeł".
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915404" title="Wierzbica-Kolonia">
Wierzbica-Kolonia

Wierzbica-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wierzbica, south-west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915406" title="Zalesice, Masovian Voivodeship">
Zalesice, Masovian Voivodeship

Zalesice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Wierzbica, south of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915408" title="Zalesice-Kolonia, Masovian Voivodeship">
Zalesice-Kolonia, Masovian Voivodeship

Zalesice-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915413" title="Bieniędzice">
Bieniędzice

Bieniędzice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolanów, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915414" title="Saathire">
Saathire

Saathire()( ) (2008) is an Oriya film also dubbed in Bengali, based on Leena Gangopadhaya's story Janmadin, and was released in 2008. Directed by Hara Patnaik, the movie featured Anubhav Mohanty, Madhumita Basu, Pintu Nanda.

</doc>
<doc id="19915416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915416" title="Chruślice, Masovian Voivodeship">
Chruślice, Masovian Voivodeship

Chruślice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolanów, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Radom and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915417" title="Franciszków, Radom County">
Franciszków, Radom County

Franciszków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolanów, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915418" title="Garno">
Garno

Garno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolanów, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Wolanów, west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915419" title="Jarosławice, Masovian Voivodeship">
Jarosławice, Masovian Voivodeship

Jarosławice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolanów, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Wolanów, west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915420" title="Kacprowice">
Kacprowice

Kacprowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolanów, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915421" title="Kolonia Wolanów">
Kolonia Wolanów

Kolonia Wolanów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolanów, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 129.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915422" title="Kowala-Duszocina">
Kowala-Duszocina

Kowala-Duszocina is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolanów, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915423" title="Kowalanka">
Kowalanka

Kowalanka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolanów, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Radom and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915424" title="Młodocin Większy">
Młodocin Większy

Młodocin Większy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolanów, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915425" title="Mniszek, Masovian Voivodeship">
Mniszek, Masovian Voivodeship

Mniszek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolanów, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Wolanów, west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 500.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915426" title="Podlesie, Radom County">
Podlesie, Radom County

Podlesie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolanów, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915428" title="Rogowa">
Rogowa

Rogowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolanów, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Radom and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915429" title="Sławno, Masovian Voivodeship">
Sławno, Masovian Voivodeship

Sławno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolanów, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915431" title="Ślepowron, Masovian Voivodeship">
Ślepowron, Masovian Voivodeship

Ślepowron is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolanów, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Radom and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915435" title="Strzałków, Masovian Voivodeship">
Strzałków, Masovian Voivodeship

Strzałków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolanów, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Wolanów, west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915439" title="Wacławów, Radom County">
Wacławów, Radom County

Wacławów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolanów, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Wolanów, west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915441" title="Waliny">
Waliny

Waliny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolanów, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Radom and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915442" title="Wawrzyszów, Masovian Voivodeship">
Wawrzyszów, Masovian Voivodeship

Wawrzyszów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolanów, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Wolanów, west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
The village has an approximate population of 300.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915443" title="Wolanów, Masovian Voivodeship">
Wolanów, Masovian Voivodeship

Wolanów is a village in Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Wolanów. It lies approximately west of Radom and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915446" title="Wymysłów, Gmina Wolanów">
Wymysłów, Gmina Wolanów

Wymysłów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolanów, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915447" title="Zabłocie, Radom County">
Zabłocie, Radom County

Zabłocie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolanów, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Wolanów, west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915448" title="Jaago Re">
Jaago Re

Tata Tea "Jaago Re" or "JaagoRe" is a cause marketing initiative launched in India by Tata Tea, owned by Tata Global Beverages Limited. The campaign, introduced in 2008, works with NGOs and other non-profit organization to raise awareness for specific causes around Indian general elections.
Since 2009, Tata Tea "JaagoRe" has been an active component of Tata Tea's marketing initiatives. The focus of Tata Tea's "JaagoRe" campaign has varied through the years.
Campaigns.
2009 - 2010 : One Billion Votes.
In the year 2007, ‘"Jaago Re"’ launched its very first campaign with an aim to ‘awaken’ the entire nation to the fact that they tend to hold the government accountable to various mishaps and encouraged them to participate in the functioning of the country’s politics by voting.
To further establish this, ‘"Jaago Re"’ highlighted the ignorance of Indian citizens about facts like the credentials of the candidates that represent them in a hard hitting yet witty series of films. By launching a website, ‘Jaago Re’ facilitated voter registrations which enabled an extensive call out to the youth of the nation and encouraged them to vote.
2010 - 2011 : "Khilana Bandh, Pilana Shuru".
"Khilana Bandh" was primarily aimed at establishing the fact that corruption can be combated if the citizens of the country did not engage in bribery. ‘"Jaago Re"’ stimulated the citizens of the country to discourage bribery and not contribute to corruption. Through a website, users we encouraged to share Anti-Corruption messages, take pledges against paying or receiving a bribe, and confess if they had paid a bribe.
2011 - 2012 : "Soch Badlo".
‘Soch Badlo’ was aimed at bringing to light the positive stories within the country. ‘'Jaago Re'’ chiefly addressed the positive side to a country that was under a lot of stress through a series of commercials and encouraged people to add a more promising perspective to how they view the country. Jaago Re encouraged citizens to talk about the positive stories surrounding India and share a message of positivity with the rest of India.
2012 - 2013 : Simplify.
Jaago Re continued on a platform of positivity to "Simplify", where though partnerships with Subject Matter Experts, it would attempt to offer deeper insights on important matters in newspaper headlines. This may enable a deeper understanding of the issue at hand and could help citizens get to the root causes and therefore solutions to problems.
Simplify was launched on "www.jaagore.com" in partnership with CHRI around the topic of "Know Your Police". Content was created on this platform to simplify and educate readers on their rights and obligations in dealing with the Indian Police, and to make readers aware of their legal rights and duties.
2012 - 2013 : "Choti Shuruaat".
With Women's Rights and safety at the forefront of most Indians' minds and the Delhi Rape incident, JaagoRe shifted to a more women centric platform to launch "Choti Shuruaat". The objective of this campaign was to encourage individuals to make small gestures of change towards eliminating preconceived notions that cause Gender Stereotyping.
Jaago Re partnered with leading Indian actor, Shah Rukh Khan and director, R. Balki, to create a public service announcement broadcast on television. In this infomercial, Shah Rukh pledged that he would places names of actresses in his movies, before his own - a trend that was yet unseen in conventional Bollywood cinema till date. As on date, Shah Rukh has maintained this pledge with his new move, Chennai Express, carrying is name after that of the movies female lead, Deepika Padukone. In addition, JaagoRe launch a pledge drive in partnership with Breakthrough - an NGO credited for creating the Bell Bajao Campaign - driving individuals towards making pledges to eradicate gender stereotypes. Over 150,000 pledges have been created till date.
2013 - Ongoing : Power Of 49.
The current Jaago Re campaign has centred around women's empowerment. The campaign aims to encourage women - who are 49% of the electorate - to vote as a block in the 2014 Indian General Election, increasing their ability to collectively demand attention and action from election candidates to make changes in their election manifestos towards more women's safety and welfare focussed measures.
Partnerships.
Tata Tea Jaago Re has partnered with the following NGOs or has supported their causes
Impact of the campaign.
The "JaagoRe" campaign has been well received both by media and by the audience. Industry watchers credit the campaign with increasing recall and monthly market share

</doc>
<doc id="19915452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915452" title="Bielicha">
Bielicha

Bielicha is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Radom and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915454" title="Cerekiew, Masovian Voivodeship">
Cerekiew, Masovian Voivodeship

Cerekiew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Zakrzew, west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915455" title="Dąbrówka Nagórna-Wieś">
Dąbrówka Nagórna-Wieś

Dąbrówka Nagórna-Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915456" title="Dąbrówka Podłężna">
Dąbrówka Podłężna

Dąbrówka Podłężna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915457" title="Golędzin">
Golędzin

Golędzin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew, within Random County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Zakrzew, west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915458" title="Andrew Martens">
Andrew Martens

Andrew Martens (born July 5, 1981) is a Canadian ice hockey defenceman currently playing for the Wichita Thunder of the Central Hockey League. He played three seasons of college hockey at Bemidji State University before turning pro in the 2005–06 season. In the 2010–11 season with the Thunder, Martens scored 54 points in 65 games to be named Wichita's defenseman of the year and the CHL's most outstanding defenceman. He is a native of Friendswood, Texas.
On December 28, 2011, Martens signed a PTO with the Oklahoma City Barons of the American Hockey League.

</doc>
<doc id="19915459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915459" title="Gózdek, Radom County">
Gózdek, Radom County

Gózdek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Zakrzew, north-west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915460" title="Gulin, Poland">
Gulin, Poland

Gulin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Zakrzew, north-west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915461" title="Gulinek">
Gulinek

Gulinek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Zakrzew, north-west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915462" title="Gustawów, Radom County">
Gustawów, Radom County

Gustawów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Zakrzew, north-west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915469" title="Janiszew, Masovian Voivodeship">
Janiszew, Masovian Voivodeship

Janiszew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 168.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915470" title="Jaszowice, Masovian Voivodeship">
Jaszowice, Masovian Voivodeship

Jaszowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915471" title="Kozia Wola, Masovian Voivodeship">
Kozia Wola, Masovian Voivodeship

Kozia Wola is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Zakrzew, north-west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915472" title="Kozinki">
Kozinki

Kozinki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Zakrzew, north-west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915473" title="Legęzów">
Legęzów

Legęzów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915475" title="Milejowice, Masovian Voivodeship">
Milejowice, Masovian Voivodeship

Milejowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Zakrzew, north-west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915476" title="Mleczków">
Mleczków

Mleczków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Zakrzew, north-west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 450.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915477" title="Natalin, Radom County">
Natalin, Radom County

Natalin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915478" title="Nieczatów">
Nieczatów

Nieczatów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915479" title="Podlesie Mleczkowskie">
Podlesie Mleczkowskie

Podlesie Mleczkowskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915480" title="Taczów">
Taczów

Taczów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Radom and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915481" title="Taczowskie Pieńki">
Taczowskie Pieńki

Taczowskie Pieńki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915482" title="Wacyn">
Wacyn

Wacyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Radom and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915484" title="Wola Taczowska">
Wola Taczowska

Wola Taczowska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915485" title="Zakrzew, Radom County">
Zakrzew, Radom County

Zakrzew is a village in Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Zakrzew. It lies approximately north-west of Radom and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915486" title="Zakrzew-Kolonia, Masovian Voivodeship">
Zakrzew-Kolonia, Masovian Voivodeship

Zakrzew-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915487" title="Zakrzew-Las">
Zakrzew-Las

Zakrzew-Las is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915489" title="Zakrzewska Wola, Radom County">
Zakrzewska Wola, Radom County

Zakrzewska Wola is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Zakrzew, north-west of Radom, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915490" title="Zatopolice">
Zatopolice

Zatopolice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Radom and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915491" title="Zdziechów, Radom County">
Zdziechów, Radom County

Zdziechów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915496" title="Anubhav Mohanty">
Anubhav Mohanty

Anubhav Mohanty () born 24 December 1981 is an Ollywood and Bengali actor in the state of Odisha in India. Anubhav Mohanty made his debut in film in I Love You in 2004 opposite Mumbai based TV actress Namrata Thapa.From you he got stardom.From 2006 he is the 2nd megha star of ollywood.In 2012 after the success of he created his own production house named [vishnu priya arts and grafics.And its first launch movie is something which is the biggest hit of 2012.,it runs 115 days in odisha and banglore as the same time.It is the first and last odia movie which ran 115 days in banglore. He made his debut in Bengali Films with the movie Saathi Amaar opposite Rachana Banerjee in a special appearance.
Life and career.
He completed his schooling from DAV public school, Cuttack, Odisha.He did his graduation in commerce from Christ College,Cuttack.He got married to oriya actress Barsha Priyadarshini on 9th February 2014.
He started his career as a model and has won several award for modeling. He has featured in Oriya album video songs around 80-100 .
He debuted in the Oriya film industry with the 2004 film I Love You opposite Namrata Thapa, which was a Block Buster. But his other films that released in the same year, Saathire and Barsha My Darling were just got hit.
He was nominated for "Taranga Best Critically Acclaimed Actor" for the movie Abhimanyu. He is the most demanding and highly paid actor in ollywood since 2004.
Political career.
In the year April 2013, he entered into politics. He joined the regional party BJD(Biju Janta Dal).
Honours And Awards.
! colspan="3" style="background: #DAA520;" | Anandalok Awards

</doc>
<doc id="19915497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915497" title="Czachy, Masovian Voivodeship">
Czachy, Masovian Voivodeship

Czachy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domanice, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Domanice, south-west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915498" title="Domanice, Masovian Voivodeship">
Domanice, Masovian Voivodeship

Domanice is a village in Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Domanice. It lies approximately south-west of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 304.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915499" title="Domanice-Kolonia">
Domanice-Kolonia

Domanice-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domanice, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915501" title="Emilianówka">
Emilianówka

Emilianówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domanice, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Domanice, south-west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915502" title="Flutemazepam">
Flutemazepam

Flutemazepam is a drug which is a 3-hydroxy benzodiazepine derivative and an analogue of temazepam that has hypnotic, sedative, amnesiac, anxiolytic, anticonvulsant and skeletal muscle relaxant properties. It is most closely related in structure to temazepam and is indicated for the treatment of severe insomnia. Flutemazepam has properties similar to temazepam, and it has been found to be very effective for the treatment of severe states of anxiety, panic attacks, and severe insomnia.

</doc>
<doc id="19915504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915504" title="Kopcie, Gmina Domanice">
Kopcie, Gmina Domanice

Kopcie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domanice, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Domanice, south-west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 330.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915506" title="Olszyc Szlachecki">
Olszyc Szlachecki

Olszyc Szlachecki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domanice, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915507" title="Olszyc Włościański">
Olszyc Włościański

Olszyc Włościański is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domanice, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Domanice, south-west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 230.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915509" title="Olszyc-Folwark">
Olszyc-Folwark

Olszyc-Folwark is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domanice, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915512" title="Pieńki, Gmina Domanice">
Pieńki, Gmina Domanice

Pieńki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domanice, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915514" title="Podzdrój">
Podzdrój

Podzdrój is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domanice, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Domanice, south-west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915515" title="Przywory Duże">
Przywory Duże

Przywory Duże is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domanice, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Domanice, south-west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915516" title="Przywory Małe">
Przywory Małe

Przywory Małe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domanice, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Domanice, south-west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915517" title="Śmiary-Kolonia">
Śmiary-Kolonia

Śmiary-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domanice, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915518" title="Zażelazna">
Zażelazna

Zażelazna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domanice, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Domanice, south of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915523" title="Bartków, Masovian Voivodeship">
Bartków, Masovian Voivodeship

Bartków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korczew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Korczew, north-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915525" title="Bużyska">
Bużyska

Bużyska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korczew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Korczew, north-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915526" title="Czaple Górne">
Czaple Górne

Czaple Górne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korczew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Korczew, north-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915528" title="Drażniew">
Drażniew

Drażniew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korczew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Korczew, north-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915530" title="Góry, Siedlce County">
Góry, Siedlce County

Góry is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korczew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Korczew, north-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915531" title="Józefin, Gmina Korczew">
Józefin, Gmina Korczew

Józefin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korczew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Korczew, north-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915532" title="Juhana">
Juhana

Juhana is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korczew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915533" title="Knychówek">
Knychówek

Knychówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korczew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Korczew, north-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915535" title="Korczew, Masovian Voivodeship">
Korczew, Masovian Voivodeship

Korczew is a village in Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Korczew. It lies approximately north-east of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 760.

</doc>
<doc id="19915537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915537" title="Laskowice, Masovian Voivodeship">
Laskowice, Masovian Voivodeship

Laskowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korczew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Korczew, north-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915539" title="Mogielnica, Siedlce County">
Mogielnica, Siedlce County

Mogielnica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korczew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Korczew, north-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 70.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915540" title="Mokrany-Gajówka">
Mokrany-Gajówka

Mokrany-Gajówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korczew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915541" title="Nowy Bartków">
Nowy Bartków

Nowy Bartków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korczew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Korczew, north-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915543" title="Ruda, Siedlce County">
Ruda, Siedlce County

Ruda is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korczew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Korczew, north-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915544" title="Sarnowiec">
Sarnowiec

Sarnowiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korczew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915546" title="Starczewice">
Starczewice

Starczewice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korczew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Korczew, north-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915547" title="Stary Bartków">
Stary Bartków

Stary Bartków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korczew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Korczew, north-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915548" title="Meiji-za">
Meiji-za

The is a theatre in Chūō, Tokyo, Japan. It was originally constructed in 1873. It presents kabuki and Western stage plays.
History.
The Meiji Theater first opened in the district of Hisamatsu-chô as the Kishôza in 1873. Six years later it reopened under the name of Hisamatsuza. In February 1885 it opened under a third name, Chitoseza, but burned down in 1890. In November 1893 it was rebuilt as the Meijiza, the name that it holds today. 
In 1904 the Meijiza underwent renovations, only to be burned down in the Great Kanto Earthquake of 1923. Until the Meijiza was rebuilt in Hama-chô, the Suehiroza, a small theater in the Azabu Jûban district, served as a temporary replacement. 
The Meijiza was burned down in the bombings of WWII, but reopened in December of 1950. After a fire in 1957, it was reopened the next year. 
The Meijiza put on two performances in March and April 1993 to celebrate three years of extensive renovations. 

</doc>
<doc id="19915549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915549" title="Szczeglacin">
Szczeglacin

Szczeglacin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korczew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Korczew, north-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915550" title="Tokary, Masovian Voivodeship">
Tokary, Masovian Voivodeship

Tokary is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korczew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Korczew, north-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915551" title="Tokary-Gajówka">
Tokary-Gajówka

Tokary-Gajówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korczew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915552" title="Zacisze, Masovian Voivodeship">
Zacisze, Masovian Voivodeship

Zacisze is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Korczew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915555" title="Zaleś, Siedlce County">
Zaleś, Siedlce County

Zaleś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korczew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Korczew, north-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915559" title="Albinów, Siedlce County">
Albinów, Siedlce County

Albinów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotuń, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915560" title="Bojmie">
Bojmie

Bojmie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotuń, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Kotuń, west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915563" title="Broszków">
Broszków

Broszków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotuń, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Kotuń, west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 550.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915564" title="Cisie-Zagrudzie">
Cisie-Zagrudzie

Cisie-Zagrudzie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotuń, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915566" title="Czarnowąż">
Czarnowąż

Czarnowąż is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotuń, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915567" title="Gręzów">
Gręzów

Gręzów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotuń, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Kotuń, west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
The village has an approximate population of 470.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915568" title="Jagodne, Siedlce County">
Jagodne, Siedlce County

Jagodne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotuń, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Kotuń, west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915569" title="Józefin, Gmina Kotuń">
Józefin, Gmina Kotuń

Józefin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotuń, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915570" title="Kępa, Siedlce County">
Kępa, Siedlce County

Kępa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotuń, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915573" title="Koszewnica, Siedlce County">
Koszewnica, Siedlce County

Koszewnica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotuń, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Kotuń, west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915575" title="Kotuń, Masovian Voivodeship">
Kotuń, Masovian Voivodeship

Kotuń is a village in Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Kotuń. It lies approximately west of Siedlce and east of Warsaw. The village has a population of 2220.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915576" title="Łączka, Siedlce County">
Łączka, Siedlce County

Łączka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotuń, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Kotuń, west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915578" title="Łęki, Siedlce County">
Łęki, Siedlce County

Łęki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotuń, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Kotuń, west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 140.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915580" title="Marysin, Siedlce County">
Marysin, Siedlce County

Marysin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotuń, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915581" title="Mingosy">
Mingosy

Mingosy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotuń, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Kotuń, west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 160.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915583" title="Niechnabrz">
Niechnabrz

Niechnabrz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotuń, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Kotuń, west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915584" title="Nowa Dąbrówka">
Nowa Dąbrówka

Nowa Dąbrówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotuń, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915585" title="Oleksin, Siedlce County">
Oleksin, Siedlce County

Oleksin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotuń, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Kotuń, west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 180.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915587" title="Pieńki, Gmina Kotuń">
Pieńki, Gmina Kotuń

Pieńki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotuń, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915589" title="Rososz, Siedlce County">
Rososz, Siedlce County

Rososz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotuń, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Kotuń, west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915590" title="Ryczyca">
Ryczyca

Ryczyca is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotuń, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Kotuń, west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915593" title="Sionna, Masovian Voivodeship">
Sionna, Masovian Voivodeship

Sionna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotuń, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Kotuń, west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915594" title="Sosnowe">
Sosnowe

Sosnowe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotuń, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Kotuń, west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915595" title="Trzemuszka">
Trzemuszka

Trzemuszka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotuń, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Kotuń, west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915597" title="Tymianka, Masovian Voivodeship">
Tymianka, Masovian Voivodeship

Tymianka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotuń, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915598" title="Wilczonek">
Wilczonek

Wilczonek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotuń, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Kotuń, west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915600" title="Żdżar">
Żdżar

Żdżar may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19915601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915601" title="Żdżar, Masovian Voivodeship">
Żdżar, Masovian Voivodeship

Żdżar is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotuń, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Kotuń, west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915602" title="Żeliszew Duży">
Żeliszew Duży

Żeliszew Duży is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotuń, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Kotuń, west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915604" title="Żeliszew Podkościelny">
Żeliszew Podkościelny

Żeliszew Podkościelny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotuń, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915612" title="Bale, Poland">
Bale, Poland

Bale is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 140.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915613" title="Dąbrowa, Gmina Mokobody">
Dąbrowa, Gmina Mokobody

Dąbrowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915614" title="Jeruzale">
Jeruzale

Jeruzale is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915615" title="Kapuściaki">
Kapuściaki

Kapuściaki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915616" title="Kisielany-Kuce">
Kisielany-Kuce

Kisielany-Kuce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="19915617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915617" title="Kisielany-Żmichy">
Kisielany-Żmichy

Kisielany-Żmichy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915619" title="Księżpole-Jałmużny">
Księżpole-Jałmużny

Księżpole-Jałmużny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 110.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915620" title="Księżpole-Smolaki">
Księżpole-Smolaki

Księżpole-Smolaki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 70.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915621" title="Symphyotrichum campestre">
Symphyotrichum campestre

Symphyotrichum campestre (formerly "Aster campestris") is a species of aster known by the common name western meadow aster. It is native to much of western North America from British Columbia, California, and the Rocky Mountains region, to Arizona and New Mexico., where it grows in many habitat types, generally at some elevation. 
Description.
It is a perennial herb growing to a maximum height near half a meter from a long rhizome. The thin brown stems are covered in rough hairs and resin glands. The leaves are a few centimeters long, linear to oval in shape, and often hairy. The glandular inflorescence holds several flower heads containing many violet ray florets around a center of long yellow disc florets. The fruit is a hairy achene. 

</doc>
<doc id="19915622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915622" title="Męczyn">
Męczyn

Męczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Mokobody, north-west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915624" title="Męczyn-Kolonia">
Męczyn-Kolonia

Męczyn-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915625" title="Mokobody">
Mokobody

Mokobody is a village in Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Mokobody. It lies approximately north-west of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 1,600.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915626" title="Mokobody-Kolonia">
Mokobody-Kolonia

Mokobody-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915627" title="Niwiski">
Niwiski

Niwiski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Mokobody, north-west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915628" title="Osiny Dolne">
Osiny Dolne

Osiny Dolne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915630" title="Osiny Górne">
Osiny Górne

Osiny Górne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915633" title="Pieńki, Gmina Mokobody">
Pieńki, Gmina Mokobody

Pieńki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915637" title="Skupie, Siedlce County">
Skupie, Siedlce County

Skupie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Mokobody, north-west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915639" title="Świniary, Siedlce County">
Świniary, Siedlce County

Świniary is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Mokobody, north-west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915640" title="Wesoła, Siedlce County">
Wesoła, Siedlce County

Wesoła is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915641" title="Wólka Proszewska">
Wólka Proszewska

Wólka Proszewska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915642" title="Wólka Żukowska">
Wólka Żukowska

Wólka Żukowska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915643" title="Wyłazy">
Wyłazy

Wyłazy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915645" title="Zaliwie-Brzozówka">
Zaliwie-Brzozówka

Zaliwie-Brzozówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915647" title="Zaliwie-Piegawki">
Zaliwie-Piegawki

Zaliwie-Piegawki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915649" title="Zaliwie-Szpinki">
Zaliwie-Szpinki

Zaliwie-Szpinki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915650" title="Zemły">
Zemły

Zemły is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915654" title="Ziomaki, Siedlce County">
Ziomaki, Siedlce County

Ziomaki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Mokobody, north-west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915655" title="Żuków, Siedlce County">
Żuków, Siedlce County

Żuków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mokobody, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Mokobody, north-west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915657" title="Jackson (film)">
Jackson (film)

Jackson is a 2008 American comedy-drama-musical film written and directed by J. F. Lawton starring Barry Primus as Donald and Charles Robinson as Sam.
Synopsis.
Jackson is about two homeless men in Los Angeles, Donald and Sam. At the start of the day Donald is given a $20 bill (also known as a "Jackson"). The film follows the two and shows their adventures throughout the day with this money, and features songs from various operas.
Production details.
Jackson was filmed mainly in Los Angeles with the exception of one scene shot in Kentucky.

</doc>
<doc id="19915662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915662" title="Head On N">
Head On N


</doc>
<doc id="19915663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915663" title="Czepielin">
Czepielin

Czepielin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Mordy, north-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 360.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915664" title="Czepielin-Kolonia">
Czepielin-Kolonia

Czepielin-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915665" title="Czołomyje">
Czołomyje

Czołomyje is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Mordy, north-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915666" title="Doliwo">
Doliwo

Doliwo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915667" title="Głuchów, Siedlce County">
Głuchów, Siedlce County

Głuchów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Mordy, east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915670" title="Klimonty, Siedlce County">
Klimonty, Siedlce County

Klimonty is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Mordy, east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915671" title="Kolonia Mordy">
Kolonia Mordy

Kolonia Mordy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Mordy, east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 40.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915672" title="Krzymosze">
Krzymosze

Krzymosze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Mordy, east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915673" title="Beep (Bobby Valentino song)">
Beep (Bobby Valentino song)

"Beep" is the first official single from Bobby V's third studio album "The Rebirth". The single features Yung Joc and is produced by Mississippi native Leland Clopton AKA Big Fruit.
"Beep" contains a sample of the 1985 hit "Moments in Love" by Art of Noise.
Concept.
The up-tempo track details the joys of adventurous sex. In regards to his newest track Bobby notes,
Music video.
The music video debuted via 106 & Park on November 19, 2008 and features cameo appearances from Chingy, DJ Drama, Lloyd, Sean Garrett, Rocko, V.I.C. and Buckeey from Flavor of Love 2 And Marvin Williams From The Atlanta Hawks.
Official Remix.
The official remix features Ludacris, Lil' Kim and Lil Wayne and was released on January 22, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19915674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915674" title="Leśniczówka, Siedlce County">
Leśniczówka, Siedlce County

Leśniczówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915675" title="Ogrodniki, Siedlce County">
Ogrodniki, Siedlce County

Ogrodniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Mordy, north-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915677" title="Olędy, Gmina Mordy">
Olędy, Gmina Mordy

Olędy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915679" title="Ostoje, Masovian Voivodeship">
Ostoje, Masovian Voivodeship

Ostoje is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915683" title="Pieńki, Gmina Mordy">
Pieńki, Gmina Mordy

Pieńki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915685" title="Pióry Wielkie">
Pióry Wielkie

Pióry Wielkie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Mordy, east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915686" title="Pióry-Pytki">
Pióry-Pytki

Pióry-Pytki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915687" title="Płosodrza">
Płosodrza

Płosodrza is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915689" title="Ptaszki">
Ptaszki

Ptaszki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915690" title="Radzików Wielki">
Radzików Wielki

Radzików Wielki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Mordy, east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915691" title="Radzików-Kornica">
Radzików-Kornica

Radzików-Kornica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915692" title="Radzików-Oczki">
Radzików-Oczki

Radzików-Oczki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915693" title="Radzików-Stopki">
Radzików-Stopki

Radzików-Stopki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915694" title="Rogóziec">
Rogóziec

Rogóziec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915695" title="Sosenki-Jajki">
Sosenki-Jajki

Sosenki-Jajki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915697" title="Stara Wieś, Siedlce County">
Stara Wieś, Siedlce County

Stara Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Mordy, east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915699" title="Stok Ruski">
Stok Ruski

Stok Ruski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Mordy, north-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915701" title="Suchodół Wielki">
Suchodół Wielki

Suchodół Wielki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Mordy, east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915702" title="Suchodołek">
Suchodołek

Suchodołek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915704" title="Wielgorz">
Wielgorz

Wielgorz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Mordy, east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915706" title="Wojnów, Masovian Voivodeship">
Wojnów, Masovian Voivodeship

Wojnów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Mordy, east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915707" title="Wólka Soseńska">
Wólka Soseńska

Wólka Soseńska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Mordy, east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915709" title="Wólka-Biernaty">
Wólka-Biernaty

Wólka-Biernaty is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915711" title="Wyczółki, Siedlce County">
Wyczółki, Siedlce County

Wyczółki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mordy, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Mordy, east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915719" title="Czarnoty, Siedlce County">
Czarnoty, Siedlce County

Czarnoty is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paprotnia, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Paprotnia, north-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915723" title="Grabowiec, Siedlce County">
Grabowiec, Siedlce County

Grabowiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paprotnia, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Paprotnia, north-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915724" title="Hołubla">
Hołubla

Hołubla is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paprotnia, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915726" title="Kaliski, Gmina Paprotnia">
Kaliski, Gmina Paprotnia

Kaliski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paprotnia, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915727" title="Kobylany-Kozy">
Kobylany-Kozy

Kobylany-Kozy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paprotnia, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915728" title="Koryciany">
Koryciany

Koryciany is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paprotnia, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Paprotnia, north-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915730" title="Krynki (disambiguation)">
Krynki (disambiguation)

Krynki is a town in Podlaskie Voivodeship in north-eastern Poland.
Krynki may also refer to the following villages:

</doc>
<doc id="19915731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915731" title="Krynki, Masovian Voivodeship">
Krynki, Masovian Voivodeship

Krynki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paprotnia, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Paprotnia, north-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915732" title="Łozy">
Łozy

Łozy may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19915733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915733" title="Symphyotrichum eatonii">
Symphyotrichum eatonii

Symphyotrichum eatonii (formerly "Aster eatonii") is a species of aster known by the common name Eaton's aster. It is native to much of western North America from British Columbia to Saskatchewan, the Sierra Nevada in California, the Rocky Mountains region, to Arizona and New Mexico, where it grows in many habitat types, especially wet areas such as meadows and near ditches. 
Description.
It is a perennial herb growing to a maximum height near one meter from a short rhizome. The leaves are up to 15 centimeters long and lance-shaped and pointed at the tips. Some of the leaves and the upper parts of the stem are hairy. 
The inflorescence holds several flower heads containing many white to light violet ray florets around a center of long yellow disc florets. The fruit is a hairy achene. 

</doc>
<doc id="19915734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915734" title="Łozy, Masovian Voivodeship">
Łozy, Masovian Voivodeship

Łozy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paprotnia, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Paprotnia, north-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915735" title="Nasiłów, Masovian Voivodeship">
Nasiłów, Masovian Voivodeship

Nasiłów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paprotnia, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Paprotnia, north-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915737" title="Paprotnia, Siedlce County">
Paprotnia, Siedlce County

Paprotnia is a village in Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Paprotnia. It lies approximately north-east of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915739" title="Pliszki">
Pliszki

Pliszki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paprotnia, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915740" title="Pluty, Gmina Paprotnia">
Pluty, Gmina Paprotnia

Pluty is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paprotnia, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915741" title="Podawce">
Podawce

Podawce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paprotnia, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915743" title="Rzeszotków">
Rzeszotków

Rzeszotków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paprotnia, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915744" title="Pratappur">
Pratappur

Pratappur could refer to places in the Indian subcontinent:

</doc>
<doc id="19915745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915745" title="Skwierczyn Lacki">
Skwierczyn Lacki

Skwierczyn Lacki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paprotnia, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915746" title="Stare Trębice">
Stare Trębice

Stare Trębice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paprotnia, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915747" title="Stasin, Siedlce County">
Stasin, Siedlce County

Stasin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paprotnia, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Paprotnia, north-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915748" title="Strusy">
Strusy

Strusy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paprotnia, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915749" title="Trębice Dolne">
Trębice Dolne

Trębice Dolne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paprotnia, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 60.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915750" title="Trębice Górne">
Trębice Górne

Trębice Górne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paprotnia, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915752" title="Uziębły">
Uziębły

Uziębły is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Paprotnia, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, near the eastern border of central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915765" title="Cierpigórz, Siedlce County">
Cierpigórz, Siedlce County

Cierpigórz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przesmyki, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Przesmyki, east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915767" title="Głuchówek, Masovian Voivodeship">
Głuchówek, Masovian Voivodeship

Głuchówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przesmyki, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Przesmyki, north-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
The village has an approximate population of 200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915768" title="Górki, Siedlce County">
Górki, Siedlce County

Górki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przesmyki, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Przesmyki, north-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915769" title="Kaliski, Gmina Przesmyki">
Kaliski, Gmina Przesmyki

Kaliski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przesmyki, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915772" title="Kamianki Lackie">
Kamianki Lackie

Kamianki Lackie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przesmyki, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Przesmyki, north-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915774" title="Kamianki-Czabaje">
Kamianki-Czabaje

Kamianki-Czabaje is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przesmyki, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Przesmyki, north-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915775" title="Kamianki-Nicki">
Kamianki-Nicki

Kamianki-Nicki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przesmyki, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915776" title="Kamianki-Wańki">
Kamianki-Wańki

Kamianki-Wańki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przesmyki, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915777" title="Kolonia Łysowa">
Kolonia Łysowa

Kolonia Łysowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przesmyki, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915778" title="Financial situation of Alitalia">
Financial situation of Alitalia

This article describes the historical financial situation of Alitalia, the Italian carrier.
History.
Alitalia has lost money for years owing to problems with pilots and crew members and labour difficulties, and to government and political interference with attempts to solve them. It has reported only one year of profit (1998) since its foundation in 1946. Alitalia reported net losses of more than €3.7 billion between 1999 and 2008. Previous state aid to Alitalia included some €1.5 billion in 1998 from the government of premier Romano Prodi. In 2002 Alitalia received a capital increase of €1.432 billion under the government of Silvio Berlusconi. In 2004 the Berlusconi government gave a €400mn 'bridge' loan to Alitalia. In 2005 the capital of Alitalia was increased by €1.6 billion, including an over €500mn bond float issued with the promise of a return to profit in 2006. (Unfortunately the year ended with a loss of €626 million). The Italian government and some other organizations have invested €4.9 billion since 1998.
In September 2004 the airline found itself in financial difficulties, with management saying it did not have enough cash to pay worker salaries past the end of that month. It announced plans to lay off 5000 employees and to split the company into two divisions, an airline and a ground services division. It also said it was reconsidering its alliance with Air France. Talks went on with unions for pay cuts and layoffs, in an attempt to keep the company out of bankruptcy and possibly liquidation. On 24 September 2004, the company announced that it had reached an agreement with unions allowing access to a bridging loan from the Italian government.
Alitalia's troubles had now become so severe that Consob, Italy's stock market regulator, required it henceforth to report monthly on its debt and cash positions.
The government could in 2006 no longer offer support to the failing airline since it had been forbidden by the European Union to inject new capital. Therefore, as all other attempts to save the company had failed, the Italian government announced its willingness to lead Alitalia towards privatization by lowering its part of ownership in it. A public notification was given on January 2007, seeking a buyer who would acquire at least 30.1% of Alitalia, and also guarantee the airline's 18,000 jobs, domestic routes, and the Italian identity of the Alitalia brand, according to the tender document published on the Treasury Web site. Italy invited bids to be submitted by January 29, 2007. (Under Italian law, a buyer of more than 30% of a company must make a public offer to buy out the other shareholders.) In July 2007 the last of the bidders for Alitalia backed off, making the procedure fail.
In September 2007, Maurizio Prato, at that time chairman, told senators in Rome "Alitalia is in a comatose state, it is in the intensive care unit". Further he said: "Personally, I am surprised by the general refusal to accept reality and by the fact that a company in this state does not have the possibility, even though it is listed on the stock market, to make autonomous decisions even if this is needed for its survival".
Another attempt was made to sell the 49.9% stake of the Italian government through a different procedure, involving the selection of a single major partner with whom to contract.
On December 6, 2007, three parties (Air France-KLM Group; an investment group led by businessman and lawyer Antonio Baldassare; and a group composed by the Italian domestic carrier Air One and several banks) presented proposals to purchase Alitalia. The Board of Directors of Alitalia announced the Air France-KLM Group as the winner. In March 2008 the Air France-KLM Group offered a share swap of €0.10 per share, a total of €138 million. The Air France-KLM Group offered to pay €608 million for the convertible bonds issued by Alitalia. The company would also invest €1 billion in Alitalia by selling new shares of Alitalia. Air France-KLM Group intended to maintain the Italian identity of Alitalia and an Italian would have a seat on Air France-KLM's board. It would restructure Alitalia's flight network, basing the bulk of its operations at Rome Leonardo da Vinci Fiumicino Airport and cutting international flights from Alitalia's second hub, Milan Malpensa Airport. Air France-KLM would end Alitalia's freight service by 2010.
The terms of the Air France-KLM Group of the March 28 draft agreement were (with a deadline of 31 March 2008):
The fate of the rest (of a total of about 7,600) of the employees of Alitalia's maintenance subsidiary, Alitalia Servizi, was uncertain. 
The Board of Directors of Alitalia and the Italian government agreed to these terms; the unions did not.
Raffaele Bonanni, the leader of one of Alitalia's main unions, CISL, denounced the agreement: "The government is delivering us naked to negotiate with Air France to the detriment of the workers, infrastructure, and the general interests of the country,". The pilots' union, ANPAC, which had agreed to the takeover in principle, called the French-Dutch offer "unacceptable". ANPAC especially disagreed with the plan to end the freight service by 2010. The talks with the unions over the takeover by Air France-KLM collapsed when the French-Dutch carrier refused to accept union demands, hours before a deadline to win their support was to expire. As a consequence Alitalia's chairman, Maurizio Prato, resigned on April 2, 2008. Air France-KLM formally announced on Monday 21 April 2008 that the terms set for the take-over of Alitalia were no longer valid and that the offer was withdrawn.
There most recently have been plans to merge the profitable parts of Alitalia into Air One. The newly formed airline would have a large fleet of Boeing and Airbus craft, and would offer both European and long haul flights. It is still unsure if Alitalia will remain in the SkyTeam alliance.
There are plans to reduce pilots and crew members and to increase their work hours and salary.
According to Edoardo Staunovo Polacco, a bankruptcy law lecturer at Bocconi University, "Alitalia is no longer able to stand on its own two feet... Either it must be saved by another party or it is inevitable it will go into special administration. It doesn't have any more money and cannot get any from the state". Its shares were suspended following the collapse of the Air France-KLM deal, and the board was to decide on 8 April 2008 whether the company should go into special administration.
The Board noted that on March 31, Alitalia's cash-to-hand and short-term financial credits (according to management figures) amounted to about €170 million, including the sum of €79 million arising from the sale of Air France KLM shares, but not including the fiscal credit of €69 million received on April 2. The Board reiterated Alitalia's need for substantial financial support, as forecast in this year’s budget and in the contract set up with Air France-KLM, and that only by means of such support would it be possible to regain the required confidence to pursue the Company’s business plan and hence to ensure continued operations., 
The Italian government decided on 22 April 2008 to give Alitalia an emergency loan of €300m ($475m) in an attempt to stave off the airline's collapse. The outgoing administration of Romano Prodi agreed the lifeline with new Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, who was elected in office in April 2008. Alitalia must prevent its capital from sinking below the threshold set by European rules. If Alitalia cannot meet this obligation, including safety guarantees, Italian aviation authorities could revoke Alitalia's license. The chairman of Italy's civil aviation agency ENAC, Vito Riggio, said "they have to see that there's continuity, among other things, for safety," and "They have to guarantee they have (financial) coverage for at least a year." Riggio told a talk show on state radio that ENAC could either revoke Alitalia's license or give it a provisional one if the airline cannot save itself financially. He did not give a time frame for any decision. 
The European Union doubted the legality of this loan, as they had decided that Alitalia could not receive any form of state support until 2011. The EU announced on June 11, 2008 that they would investigate the loan. An EU executive said, "As Alitalia has already benefited from rescue and restructuring aid, Italy cannot, in principle, grant it any more aid." The EU regulators said the loan of public money might give Alitalia an unfair advantage over competitors. The EU checked whether private investors would have loaned Alitalia this amount. Other companies will have a chance to send the EU their comments and they will examine the conditions of the loan.
The government of Silvio Berlusconi announced plans to sell Alitalia in May 2008, the third attempt since January 2007. The government asked Intesa Sanpaolo to come up with a plan to improve the airline's finances. This plan was presented in August 2008. The government issued also a decree in May 2008 that would exempt Alitalia from disclosing information on this sale to the market. As a consequence the trade in Alitalia stock at the Borsa Italiana in Milan was halted indefinitely by the stock exchange authorities as of 4 June 2008. Intesa Sanpaolo devised the plan in co-operation with the Italian cabinet. 
The gist of this plan was that Alitalia would file for bankruptcy, and thus be protected from its creditors. The next step of the plan was to split Alitalia in two parts. One part would contain the debts and less promising parts of the company. This part will be liquidated; the Italian government stated that the holders of Italian shares would be compensated. It is not clear what this meant. The other part would contain the landing rights, pilots and some of the planes. This last part was to be bought by a consortium of Italian investors, and to receive an investment of €1 billion, along with new management and the guarantee of the cabinet that the company would free of the old debts of Alitalia and would merge with Air One. This consortium was called CAI, Compagnia Aerea Italiana. Air One and Alitalia together employ 17.000 employees. Minister Sacconi stated that the new company would employ 14.250 employees. Based upon this statement about 3.250 employees would lose their jobs. The new company would hold a share of about 60 percent of the Italian market. The plan also envisaged a form of partnership with an unspecified foreign carrier. The plan needed to be approved by the Italian unions. In Brussels Silvio Berlusconi said that union approval was a necessity but "no" was hardly an option.
On 29 August 2008 the airline filed for bankruptcy protection. Under the new measures the airline will continue to fly as restructuring measures are carried out.
CAI, Compagnia Aerea Italiana, a consortium of Italian investors, came forward with a plan to take over Alitalia. CAI set several conditions to be met before they would invest in Alitalia. On Monday 8 September 2008, more than half of the workers' unions at Alitalia rejected the new productivity-linked contracts offered by CAI. These new contracts were a condition for the takeover to go ahead. The wage decrease of at least 25% was also not acceptable to the unions. The unions rejected the proposals after a meeting with Rocco Sabelli, the designated managing director, and labour ministry officials. The government set a deadline for acceptance by the unions as Thursday the 11th of September 2008. On Friday 12 September CAI broke off negotiations with the unions. CAI stated "that after seven days of meetings, there aren't the conditions to continue negotiations." 
The Italian government convinced CAI and the unions to renegotiate during the weekend of 13 September 2008. The negotiations dragged on through Thursday the 18th. CAI improved their offer by decreasing the wage cut for the crew, and also the number of layoffs. Three of the nine unions accepted this offer, but six of them (including the unions of the crew and the pilots) did not. CAI set a new deadline of 15.50 Thursday 18 September. Some of the unions reacted with a proposal to renegotiate. On 22 September CAI withdrew their buyout offer. Alitalia published a notice in four newspapers (3 Italian newspapers and 1 British) on Tuesday 23 September 2008 seeking offers to buy any or all parts of its assets. 
Prime-minister Silvio Berlusconi forced a meeting on 25 September 2008 of Alitalia's unions and the Italian investor CAI. He hoped to be able to close a deal between CAI and the unions. Berlusconi stated on September 24 that Italy needs a national carrier and that it is inconceivable that foreign carriers would be responsible for air transport in Italy. Berlusconi, said that Italy must "continue to have its own flag carrier," and that "there is no possibility of any foreign airline taking upon itself the burden and responsibility of all of Alitalia. This hypothesis doesn't exist and never has." 
On Thursday September 25, 2008 the largest union CGIL agreed with the buyout plan of CAI. CGIL claims to have won some concessions of CAI, mainly no or less wage cut for the lowest paid workers. The negotiations continue to get the support of unions representing pilots and flight assistants. CAI set a deadline for these unions by October 15. The Italian flight authority Ente Nazionale per l'Aviazione Civile (ENAC) has withdrawn their threat to suspend the license of Alitalia since the risk of financial instability of Alitalia has now significantly decreased.
On Monday September 29 the last union of Alitalia agreed to the buyout plan of CAI. The CEO of CAI said that Alitalia would start seeking for an international partner. CAI, Compagnia Aerea Italiana presented a binding offer of 1.1 billion euro to Alitalia's bankruptcy administrator on Friday October 30, 2008 to acquire the airline, pressing ahead despite refusal by some pilots and flight attendants' unions to sign on to the rescue plan. The binding offer by CAI calls for cutting aircraft, routes, workers and infusion of nearly 1.1 billion euros, including the price for the take over, (nearly $1.3 billion). The negotiations between CAI and the unions were tense. A breakthrough came after last-minute talks at the premier's office.
The offer has these conditions:
CAI stated that the offer, with its "ambitious but realistic" plan for turning Alitalia around, stands, assuming the European Commission doesn't lay down obstacles on antitrust grounds. CAI also said that it was searching for a partnership with a major airline group, possibly as a partner. Air France-KLM and Lufthansa have been courted.
On the 12th of November 2008 the EU decided that the € 300 million bridging loan was illegal and had to be paid back to the Italian government by Alitalia, not by CAI.
The Italian government and the bankruptcy administrator have agreed to the CAI take over offer on 19 November 2008. CAI is paying € 427 million in cash and taking on € 625 million in Alitalia debts.
On 30 November 2008 Alitalia Group had a net debt of €1.228bn and the available cash was €250mn. The net debt of Alitalia has decreased €20 million since October 2008.
The EU and the Italian antitrust authority agreed on the sale of Alitalia to CAI on the 4th and 3 December 2008. The EU stated that the sale was at a fair market value. The Italian antitrust authority saw no objections to the take over but some minor ones.
The profitable assets of Alitalia were transferred to CAI on December 12, 2008, when CAI paid the offered sum. CAI is liable for all Alitalia expenses per 1 December 2008.
The bankruptcy administrator, Augusto Fantozzi, of the Italian flag-carrier Alitalia has put 46 of the airline’s planes up for sale, and has asked for formal expressions of interest by the end of January 2009. The 46 planes will be offered in eight lots. Five of the lost will comprise aircraft from the main carrier. One of the lots will consist of two Boeing 767-300ERs; three separate lots will consist of seven Boeing MD-80s; and one other lot will consist of a single MD-80. Regional aircraft will be offered in the three remaining lots. Two lots will each consist of four ATR 72 turboprops, one featuring -200s and one featuring -500s. The third will consist of 14 Embraer ERJ-145s.
Air France-KLM bought 25% of Alitalia for €323 million under a cooperation accord on January 12, 2009. The French as well as the Italian boards agreed to the sale. On January 13, 2009 Alitalia restarted and merged with Air One. The new Alitalia is a private company of Compagnia Aerea Italiana (CAI) and a 25% participation of Air France-KLM.

</doc>
<doc id="19915780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915780" title="Kukawki, Siedlce County">
Kukawki, Siedlce County

Kukawki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przesmyki, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Przesmyki, north-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915782" title="Lipiny, Gmina Przesmyki">
Lipiny, Gmina Przesmyki

Lipiny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przesmyki, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Przesmyki, east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 166.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915783" title="Łysów, Masovian Voivodeship">
Łysów, Masovian Voivodeship

Łysów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przesmyki, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Przesmyki, north-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915784" title="Pniewiski">
Pniewiski

Pniewiski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przesmyki, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Przesmyki, north-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915786" title="Podraczynie">
Podraczynie

Podraczynie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przesmyki, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Przesmyki, north-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915788" title="Raczyny, Siedlce County">
Raczyny, Siedlce County

Raczyny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przesmyki, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Przesmyki, north-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915789" title="Stare Rzewuski">
Stare Rzewuski

Stare Rzewuski is a large village in the administrative district of Gmina Przesmyki, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915790" title="Tarków">
Tarków

Tarków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przesmyki, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Przesmyki, north-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915793" title="Tarkówek">
Tarkówek

Tarkówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przesmyki, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915795" title="Wólka Łysowska">
Wólka Łysowska

Wólka Łysowska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przesmyki, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Przesmyki, north-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915796" title="Zaborów, Siedlce County">
Zaborów, Siedlce County

Zaborów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przesmyki, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Przesmyki, north-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 96.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915797" title="Zalesie, Siedlce County">
Zalesie, Siedlce County

Zalesie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przesmyki, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Przesmyki, north-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915798" title="Zawady, Gmina Przesmyki">
Zawady, Gmina Przesmyki

Zawady is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przesmyki, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915802" title="Silliman Institute">
Silliman Institute

Silliman Institute is a private coeducational school located in Clinton, Louisiana. It was founded in 1966 as a segregation academy.
History.
Silliman Institute was originally founded in 1852 as Silliman Female Collegiate Institute. It operated as a women's college between the years of 1852 and 1866. In 1866 the campus was donated to the Louisiana Presbytery and was known as Silliman College until 1931 when the school was shut down due to economic conditions and declining enrollment. The campus was used by the Louisiana Presbytery between 1934 and 1960 as the site of their annual summer conferences.
A group of local parents who opposed racial integration in public schools bought the old campus in 1965 and began holding classes for grades 1 through 7 in 1966. This occurred prior to the public schools in East Feliciana Parish being ordered to integrate by the Federal courts, in 1969, but local parents were well aware that the order would be coming. Silliman was expanded to include high school in 1967.
In the late 1990s Silliman Institute was one of 23 private schools in Louisiana ruled ineligible for that state's tuition grant program because of its refusal to adopt racially non-discriminatory admissions policies. A majority of the board of directors at the time disapproved of making the changes necessary to become eligible for the grants. The minority of the board issued 1000 new shares of stock in the school's governing corporation and were sued by other directors in an attempt to prevent this attempted end-run around the majority position. The sale of the shares was approved by Judge Wilson Ramshur in November 1999.
Accreditation.
The Silliman Institute is a member of the Mississippi Association of Independent Schools. It is accredited by the Louisiana State Board of Education.
Athletics.
While the school currently competes in athletics as a member of the MAIS, it previously, prior to 1991, competed as a member of the Louisiana Independent School Association.
Silliman offers football, basketball, baseball, softball, golf, tennis, track, cheerleading, and dance.
Rivals include Centreville Academy (Centreville, Mississippi) and the Central Private School (Central, Louisiana).

</doc>
<doc id="19915803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915803" title="Ormiston Sir Stanley Matthews Academy">
Ormiston Sir Stanley Matthews Academy

Ormiston Sir Stanley Matthews Academy (formerly Blurton High School) is a mixed, secondary school with academy status located in Blurton, Staffordshire, England. The school is named after Sir Stanley Matthews and is sponsored by the Ormiston Academies Trust.
Feeder Schools.
Blurton Primary School, Christchurch CE Primary School, Glebe Primary School, Heron Cross Primary School, Newstead Primary School, Sutherland Primary School

</doc>
<doc id="19915812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915812" title="Białki, Siedlce County">
Białki, Siedlce County

Białki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 721.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915814" title="Biel, Siedlce County">
Biel, Siedlce County

Biel is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 57.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915817" title="Błogoszcz">
Błogoszcz

Błogoszcz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 180.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915821" title="Chodów, Masovian Voivodeship">
Chodów, Masovian Voivodeship

Chodów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 1,080.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915822" title="Golice, Masovian Voivodeship">
Golice, Masovian Voivodeship

Golice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 515.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915825" title="Golice-Kolonia">
Golice-Kolonia

Golice-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915826" title="Grabianów">
Grabianów

Grabianów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 930.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915827" title="Grubale">
Grubale

Grubale is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 242.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915831" title="Jagodnia, Masovian Voivodeship">
Jagodnia, Masovian Voivodeship

Jagodnia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 120.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915832" title="Joachimów">
Joachimów

Joachimów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 97.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915833" title="Nowe Iganie">
Nowe Iganie

Nowe Iganie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 1,162.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915834" title="Nowe Opole">
Nowe Opole

Nowe Opole is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 800.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915835" title="Opole Świerczyna">
Opole Świerczyna

Opole Świerczyna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 44.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915839" title="Osiny, Siedlce County">
Osiny, Siedlce County

Osiny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 79.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915840" title="Ostrówek, Siedlce County">
Ostrówek, Siedlce County

Ostrówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 74.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915845" title="Pruszyn, Siedlce County">
Pruszyn, Siedlce County

Pruszyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 353.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915846" title="Pruszyn-Pieńki">
Pruszyn-Pieńki

Pruszyn-Pieńki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915850" title="Pruszynek">
Pruszynek

Pruszynek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 245.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915852" title="Purzec">
Purzec

Purzec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 179.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915853" title="Pustki">
Pustki

Pustki may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19915854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915854" title="Pustki, Masovian Voivodeship">
Pustki, Masovian Voivodeship

Pustki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 108.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915857" title="Rakowiec, Siedlce County">
Rakowiec, Siedlce County

Rakowiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 360.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915858" title="Stare Iganie">
Stare Iganie

Stare Iganie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 399.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915860" title="Stare Opole">
Stare Opole

Stare Opole is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 727.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915863" title="Stok Lacki">
Stok Lacki

Stok Lacki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 721.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915866" title="Stok Lacki-Folwark">
Stok Lacki-Folwark

Stok Lacki-Folwark is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 853.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915872" title="Strzała, Masovian Voivodeship">
Strzała, Masovian Voivodeship

Strzała is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
According to documents of Łuków county from 1552, Strzała was the gentry village and was included in the Siedlce wealth of Ogiński's princes.
It lies approximately north of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 1,054.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915876" title="Topórek">
Topórek

Topórek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 214.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915879" title="Ujrzanów">
Ujrzanów

Ujrzanów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 762.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915882" title="Wólka Leśna">
Wólka Leśna

Wólka Leśna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 156.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915893" title="Wołyńce, Masovian Voivodeship">
Wołyńce, Masovian Voivodeship

Wołyńce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 414.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915895" title="Wołyńce-Kolonia">
Wołyńce-Kolonia

Wołyńce-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 414.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915901" title="Żabokliki, Siedlce County">
Żabokliki, Siedlce County

Żabokliki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 599.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915903" title="Żabokliki-Kolonia">
Żabokliki-Kolonia

Żabokliki-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915907" title="Żelków-Kolonia">
Żelków-Kolonia

Żelków-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has an approximate population of 1,200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915909" title="Żytnia">
Żytnia

Żytnia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915943" title="Eucephalus engelmannii">
Eucephalus engelmannii

Eucephalus engelmannii (formerly "Aster engelmannii") is a species of aster known by the common name Engelmann's aster. It is native to western North America from British Columbia to California to Colorado, where it grows in mountain woods and meadows. It is a perennial herb growing from a woody caudex and sending a slender, branching, hairy stem to a maximum height near 1.5 meters. The mostly hairless leaves are generally oval in shape and up to 10 centimeters long, with the lowest ones much reduced. The inflorescence holds several flower heads lined in keeled, pointed, hairy-edged phyllaries with purplish margins at the tips. Each head has several white to pinkish or light violet ray florets each up to 2 centimeters long and a center of yellow disc florets. The fruit is a hairy achene.

</doc>
<doc id="19915946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915946" title="Boroszków">
Boroszków

Boroszków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skórzec, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915949" title="Czerniejew">
Czerniejew

Czerniejew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skórzec, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915951" title="Konrad Heubeck">
Konrad Heubeck

Konrad Heubeck born in Alberndorf 22 April 1918 was a Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross holder and a member of the Waffen SS he held the rank of Untersturmfuhrer. As a member of the Leibstandarte SS "Adolf Hitler" Regiment he participated in both the occupation of the Sudetenland and the annexation of Bohemia and Moravia on 15 March 1939. He won the Iron Cross 2nd class during the Battle of France, and was past of Operation Barbarosa where he was awarded the Winter War medal. He would go on to command the 1st Company, SS Panzer Regiment 1 "LSSAH". He was awarded the Knights Cross just before the end of World War II on the 17 April 1945
Heubeck survived the war and died in Celle on 1 September 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="19915952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915952" title="Dąbrówka-Ług">
Dąbrówka-Ług

Dąbrówka-Ług is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skórzec, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 830.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915954" title="Dąbrówka-Niwka">
Dąbrówka-Niwka

Dąbrówka-Niwka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skórzec, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915957" title="Dąbrówka-Stany">
Dąbrówka-Stany

Dąbrówka-Stany is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skórzec, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 710.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915958" title="Dąbrówka-Wyłazy">
Dąbrówka-Wyłazy

Dąbrówka-Wyłazy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skórzec, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915960" title="Dobrzanów">
Dobrzanów

Dobrzanów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skórzec, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915964" title="Drupia">
Drupia

Drupia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skórzec, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915984" title="Gołąbek, Masovian Voivodeship">
Gołąbek, Masovian Voivodeship

Gołąbek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skórzec, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Skórzec, south-west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915989" title="Grala-Dąbrowizna">
Grala-Dąbrowizna

Grala-Dąbrowizna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skórzec, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915990" title="Limnodynastes dorsalis">
Limnodynastes dorsalis

Limnodynastes dorsalis is a frog species from the family Myobatrachidae. The informal names for this species are Western Banjo Frog, Pobblebonk, Sand frog and Bullfrog. It is one of the endemic amphibians of Western Australia.
A large frog in the Myobatrachidae family, it has sturdy limbs and a head that is triangular. Females are up to 87 mm long, the males are no bigger than 75 mm. The frog is grey or brownish-olive coloured, with irregular blotches and marbling of a very dark or black colour. The markings are large on the upper surface and smaller at the legs and face. A wide and dark stripe appears across the eye and extends to the fore limb. The underside is pale, white or yellowish, and smooth. The upper surface is also smooth, or may be slightly warty. A large oval bump, the tibial gland, is located on the upper calf of the hind leg. The toes are very slightly webbed, the second toe is perhaps a little longer than the first. The groin area is reddish to bright red, this distinguishes the western species from the otherwise similar "Limnodynastes dumerilii" (Eastern Banjo frog).
The call is a made by males when they are almost submerged, or in dense vegetation, this is a loud 'plonk' or 'bonk' sound. This sound is similar to a plucked banjo string, and it is from this that the common names are derived. The 'explosive' sound of the frogs calling in unison is well known in the region. The spawn produced after mating is located on still to slowly moving water, where it forms a large mass. This floats on the surface around grasses or other anchorages.
The diet of this frog is primarily insects and worms, but it will eat anything that it can capture.
The species was first described in 1841. There are twelve species of "Limnodynastes" found in Australia, "Limnodynastes dorsalis" is the only one to be found in the Southwest of the country. The species is endemic to an area surrounded by arid regions, where it became isolated by climate changes in the continent.
The species is distributed throughout Southwest Australia, a biodiverse region with a mediterranean climate, where it occupies habitat near permanent water. It is endemic to Western Australia. The northern part of its range is east of Kalbarri, the species also occurs in the east to the Bight and inland to arid areas.
The "Limnodynastes dorsalis" population has been vulnerable to changes in land use, but it appears to be secure from threatening factors. The introduction of dams in rural areas, or water features in suburban areas, has created habitat that is readily occupied by Pobblebonks. The species is common across the southwest of the state, and are numerous around creeks and rivers. They are usually found in dense vegetation at these sites, but sometimes occupy burrows during the dry season.

</doc>
<doc id="19915991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915991" title="Kłódzie">
Kłódzie

Kłódzie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skórzec, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Skórzec, south-west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 240.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19915993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915993" title="Nowaki">
Nowaki

Nowaki may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19915996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19915996" title="Nowaki, Masovian Voivodeship">
Nowaki, Masovian Voivodeship

Nowaki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skórzec, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Skórzec, west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916000" title="Ozorów">
Ozorów

Ozorów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skórzec, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916005" title="Skarżyn, Siedlce County">
Skarżyn, Siedlce County

Skarżyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skórzec, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916010" title="Skórzec, Masovian Voivodeship">
Skórzec, Masovian Voivodeship

Skórzec is a village in Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Skórzec. It lies approximately south-west of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 1,069.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916014" title="Stara Dąbrówka">
Stara Dąbrówka

Stara Dąbrówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skórzec, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916029" title="Teodorów, Siedlce County">
Teodorów, Siedlce County

Teodorów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skórzec, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Skórzec, south-west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 250.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916036" title="Trzciniec, Siedlce County">
Trzciniec, Siedlce County

Trzciniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skórzec, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Skórzec, south-west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
The village has an approximate population of 480.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916039" title="Wólka Kobyla">
Wólka Kobyla

Wólka Kobyla is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skórzec, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916041" title="Żebrak">
Żebrak

Żebrak is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skórzec, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
The name of the village means "beggar" in Polish.
Polish general Jan Zygmunt Skrzynecki was born in Żebrak in 1787.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916044" title="Żelków">
Żelków

Żelków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skórzec, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916058" title="Borki Siedleckie">
Borki Siedleckie

Borki Siedleckie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchożebry, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916070" title="Brzozów, Siedlce County">
Brzozów, Siedlce County

Brzozów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchożebry, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. Until 1945 some people were of German origin.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916078" title="Kopcie, Gmina Suchożebry">
Kopcie, Gmina Suchożebry

Kopcie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchożebry, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916079" title="Kownaciska">
Kownaciska

Kownaciska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchożebry, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Suchożebry, north-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916080" title="Krynica, Masovian Voivodeship">
Krynica, Masovian Voivodeship

Krynica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchożebry, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Suchożebry, north of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916083" title="Krześlin">
Krześlin

Krześlin (pronounced: ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchożebry, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Suchożebry, north-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916084" title="Krześlinek">
Krześlinek

Krześlinek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchożebry, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Suchożebry, north-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916089" title="Nakory">
Nakory

Nakory is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchożebry, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Suchożebry, north of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916092" title="Podnieśno">
Podnieśno

Podnieśno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchożebry, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Suchożebry, north of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916093" title="Canadian Journal of Mathematics">
Canadian Journal of Mathematics

The Canadian Journal of Mathematics (; print: , online: ) is a bimonthly mathematics journal published by the Canadian Mathematical Society. It was established in 1949 by H.S.M. Coxeter and G. de B. Robinson. The current editors of the journal are Terry Gannon, Henry Kim, Robert McCann, and Volker Runde. The journal publishes articles in all areas of mathematics.

</doc>
<doc id="19916095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916095" title="Przygody">
Przygody

Przygody is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchożebry, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Suchożebry, north of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916103" title="Sosna-Kicki">
Sosna-Kicki

Sosna-Kicki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchożebry, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916106" title="Sosna-Korabie">
Sosna-Korabie

Sosna-Korabie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchożebry, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916107" title="Sosna-Kozółki">
Sosna-Kozółki

Sosna-Kozółki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchożebry, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916108" title="Sosna-Trojanki">
Sosna-Trojanki

Sosna-Trojanki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchożebry, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916109" title="Stany Duże">
Stany Duże

Stany Duże is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchożebry, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Suchożebry, north of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916111" title="Stany Małe">
Stany Małe

Stany Małe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchożebry, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Suchożebry, north of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916115" title="Suchożebry">
Suchożebry

Suchożebry is a village in Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Suchożebry. It lies approximately north of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 586.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916116" title="Wola Suchożebrska">
Wola Suchożebrska

Wola Suchożebrska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchożebry, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Suchożebry, north of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916145" title="Borki-Kosiorki">
Borki-Kosiorki

Borki-Kosiorki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Wiśniew, south-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 154.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916149" title="Borki-Paduchy">
Borki-Paduchy

Borki-Paduchy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Wiśniew, south-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 475.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916150" title="Borki-Sołdy">
Borki-Sołdy

Borki-Sołdy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 188.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916154" title="Ciosny, Masovian Voivodeship">
Ciosny, Masovian Voivodeship

Ciosny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Wiśniew, south of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 142.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916160" title="Daćbogi, Masovian Voivodeship">
Daćbogi, Masovian Voivodeship

Daćbogi is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wiśniew, south of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 130.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916167" title="Gostchorz">
Gostchorz

Gostchorz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Wiśniew, south of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 189.

</doc>
<doc id="19916169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916169" title="Helenów, Gmina Wiśniew">
Helenów, Gmina Wiśniew

Helenów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 187.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916170" title="Sanskaar Valley School">
Sanskaar Valley School

The Sanskaar Valley School is a boarding school/college located in Bhopal City in M.P
The Sanskaar Valley School is rfewfwefwefwdfco-educational, day boarding- cum- residential school. Established under the aegis of the Sharda Devi Charitable Trust, it is a not for profit institution.
The school is spread over a campus of 37 acres. The wired campus comprises 2.5 lac square feet built –up area. The academic blocks, smart classrooms, games fields, swimming pool, hobby centers, dining hall and kitchen, amphitheatre, infirmary, science, computer, language and subject laboratories, library, indoor sports complex, staff residences and the guest-house, form functional clusters of care and safety.
The school was inaugurated by Smt. Sonia Gandhi on July 3, 2006 in the presence of Shri Ratan Tata and the academic session began on July 5, 2006.
In its 4 years of operation, this campus has over 1100 students comprising boarders and day scholars.
Branches.
Bhopal

</doc>
<doc id="19916171" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916171" title="Kaczory, Gmina Wiśniew">
Kaczory, Gmina Wiśniew

Kaczory is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Wiśniew, south of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 148.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916172" title="Lipniak, Masovian Voivodeship">
Lipniak, Masovian Voivodeship

Lipniak is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Wiśniew, south-west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 152.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916174" title="Łupiny, Masovian Voivodeship">
Łupiny, Masovian Voivodeship

Łupiny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wiśniew, south of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 293.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916176" title="Mościbrody">
Mościbrody

Mościbrody is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Wiśniew, south of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 227.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916177" title="Mościbrody-Kolonia">
Mościbrody-Kolonia

Mościbrody-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Wiśniew, south of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 110.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916178" title="Mroczki, Siedlce County">
Mroczki, Siedlce County

Mroczki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 259.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916180" title="Myrcha">
Myrcha

Myrcha is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Wiśniew, south of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 90.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916195" title="Nowe Okniny">
Nowe Okniny

Nowe Okniny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 160.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916198" title="Okniny-Podzdrój">
Okniny-Podzdrój

Okniny-Podzdrój is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916199" title="Pluty, Gmina Wiśniew">
Pluty, Gmina Wiśniew

Pluty is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 153.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916202" title="Radomyśl">
Radomyśl

Radomyśl may refer to the following places:
Radomyšl may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19916203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916203" title="Radomyśl, Masovian Voivodeship">
Radomyśl, Masovian Voivodeship

Radomyśl is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Wiśniew, south-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 483.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916205" title="Śmiary">
Śmiary

Śmiary is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wiśniew, south of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 208.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916208" title="Stare Okniny">
Stare Okniny

Stare Okniny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 283.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916209" title="Stok Wiśniewski">
Stok Wiśniewski

Stok Wiśniewski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Wiśniew, south of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 141.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916221" title="Tworki, Siedlce County">
Tworki, Siedlce County

Tworki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916225" title="Wiśniew, Siedlce County">
Wiśniew, Siedlce County

Wiśniew is a village in Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Wiśniew. It lies approximately south of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 870.

</doc>
<doc id="19916226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916226" title="Wiśniew-Kolonia">
Wiśniew-Kolonia

Wiśniew-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 286.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916230" title="Wólka Wiśniewska">
Wólka Wiśniewska

Wólka Wiśniewska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 229.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916232" title="Wólka Wołyniecka">
Wólka Wołyniecka

Wólka Wołyniecka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 123.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916233" title="Zabłocie, Siedlce County">
Zabłocie, Siedlce County

Zabłocie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniew, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Wiśniew, south-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 203.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916234" title="Integrated passive devices">
Integrated passive devices

Integrated Passive Devices (IPD's) ""or Integrated Passive Components (IPC's)"" are attracting an increasing interest due to constant needs of handheld wireless devices to further decrease in size and cost and increase in functionality.
Many functional blocks such as impedance matching circuits, harmonic filters, couplers and baluns and power combiner/divider can be realized by IPDs technology. IPDs are generally fabricated using standard wafer fab technologies such as thin film and photolithography processing. IPDs can be designed as flip chip mountable or wire bodable components and the substates for IPDs usually are thin film substrates like silicon, alumina or glass.
3D passive integration in silicon is one of the technologies used to manufacture Integrated Passive Devices (IPD), enabling High-density trench capacitors, MIM capacitors, resistors, high-Q inductors, PIN diodes or Zener diodes to be implemented in silicon. These passives combined with active devices in one package respond to very high reliability applications such as medical grade components.

</doc>
<doc id="19916244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916244" title="Borki, Siedlce County">
Borki, Siedlce County

Borki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodynie, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wodynie, south-west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 150.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916246" title="Brodki">
Brodki

Brodki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodynie, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Wodynie, south-west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916247" title="Budy, Siedlce County">
Budy, Siedlce County

Budy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodynie, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Wodynie, south-west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916248" title="Czajków, Masovian Voivodeship">
Czajków, Masovian Voivodeship

Czajków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodynie, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Wodynie, south-west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 80.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916250" title="Helenów, Gmina Wodynie">
Helenów, Gmina Wodynie

Helenów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodynie, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Wodynie, south-west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916254" title="Jedlina, Masovian Voivodeship">
Jedlina, Masovian Voivodeship

Jedlina is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodynie, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Wodynie, south-west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916255" title="Kaczory, Gmina Wodynie">
Kaczory, Gmina Wodynie

Kaczory is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodynie, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Wodynie, south-west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916257" title="Kamieniec, Siedlce County">
Kamieniec, Siedlce County

Kamieniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodynie, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Wodynie, south-west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916258" title="Kochany">
Kochany

Kochany is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodynie, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wodynie, south-west of Siedlce, and south-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916261" title="Kołodziąż, Siedlce County">
Kołodziąż, Siedlce County

Kołodziąż is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodynie, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Wodynie, south-west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
The village has an approximate population of 250.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916262" title="Łomnica, Siedlce County">
Łomnica, Siedlce County

Łomnica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodynie, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wodynie, south-west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 147.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916263" title="International rankings of Italy">
International rankings of Italy

The following are international rankings of Italy.

</doc>
<doc id="19916267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916267" title="Młynki, Masovian Voivodeship">
Młynki, Masovian Voivodeship

Młynki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodynie, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Wodynie, south-west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916270" title="Oleśnica, Masovian Voivodeship">
Oleśnica, Masovian Voivodeship

Oleśnica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodynie, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Wodynie, south-west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916271" title="Ruda Wolińska">
Ruda Wolińska

Ruda Wolińska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodynie, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Wodynie, south-west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 179.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916273" title="Rudnik Duży">
Rudnik Duży

Rudnik Duży is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodynie, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wodynie, south-west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916275" title="Symphyotrichum frondosum">
Symphyotrichum frondosum

Symphyotrichum frondosum (formerly "Aster frondosus") is a species of aster known by the common name short-rayed alkali aster. 
Distribution.
It is native to much of western North America from British Columbia and the Cascade Range, the Sierra Nevada, Transverse, and Peninsular Ranges in California, the Rocky Mountains, to Arizona and New Mexico, where it grows in wet habitat such as marshes and meadows, especially in alkaline or saline conditions. 
Description.
"Symphyotrichum frondosum" is an annual or occasionally perennial herb growing a leaning or erect stem to a maximum height between 20 and 60 centimeters. The leaves are a few centimeters long and oval in shape with rounded tips. The stem and leaves are mostly hairless. 
The inflorescence is a small array of flower heads containing many short pale pink or lavender ray florets and yellow disc florets. The fruit is a hairy achene with a bushy tawny pappus.

</doc>
<doc id="19916279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916279" title="Rudnik Mały, Masovian Voivodeship">
Rudnik Mały, Masovian Voivodeship

Rudnik Mały is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodynie, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wodynie, south-west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916281" title="Seroczyn, Siedlce County">
Seroczyn, Siedlce County

Seroczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodynie, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wodynie, south-west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
The village has an approximate population of 770.
External links.
Seroczyn on the web
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916282" title="Soćki">
Soćki

Soćki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodynie, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Wodynie, south-west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916284" title="Szostek">
Szostek

Szostek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodynie, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Wodynie, south-west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916286" title="Toki, Masovian Voivodeship">
Toki, Masovian Voivodeship

Toki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodynie, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Wodynie, south-west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916288" title="Wodynie">
Wodynie

Wodynie is a village in Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Wodynie. It lies approximately south-west of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 630.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916289" title="Wola Serocka">
Wola Serocka

Wola Serocka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodynie, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wodynie, south-west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916292" title="Wola Wodyńska">
Wola Wodyńska

Wola Wodyńska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodynie, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Wodynie, south-west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916293" title="Żebraczka">
Żebraczka

Żebraczka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wodynie, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wodynie, south-west of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916311" title="Monkey Magic (video game)">
Monkey Magic (video game)


</doc>
<doc id="19916312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916312" title="Borki-Kosy">
Borki-Kosy

Borki Kosy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has an approximate population of 260. The village is located on the Warsaw - Terespol train line, and there is train station. 
There is school complex of pre-school, primary school and gimassium. The village has a chapel and one shop. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916314" title="Borki-Wyrki">
Borki-Wyrki

Borki-Wyrki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916315" title="Bzów">
Bzów

Bzów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Zbuczyn, east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
The "Janotowie Bzowscy" rank among the nobility of the administrative region of Kraków, Lviv and also later after the Partitions of Poland Kielce, also Lublin and the surrounding area Wołkowyska (present Belarus).
A manor was built in the first half of the 19th century, and reconstructed in 1914.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916318" title="Choja">
Choja

Choja is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Zbuczyn, east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 160.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916319" title="Chromna">
Chromna

Chromna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Zbuczyn, south-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
The village has an approximate population of 140.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916320" title="Cielemęc">
Cielemęc

Cielemęc is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Zbuczyn, east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916321" title="Czuryły">
Czuryły

Czuryły is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Zbuczyn, east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916322" title="Dziewule">
Dziewule

Dziewule - wieś połozona w województwie 
mazowieckim, w powiecie siedleckim, w 
gminie Zbuczyn bezposrednio przy linii 
kolejowej warszawsko-terespolskiej w 
połowie drogi pomiędzy Siedlcami a 
Łukowem. Wieś liczy ok 720 mieszkańców. 
W naszej miejscowości znajduje się szkoła 
podstawowa i niepubliczne gimnazjum a 
także kosciół parafialny pw. Matki Boskiej 
Anielskiej. Prestiż osady podnosi nowo 
zmodernizowana stacja kolejowa. Działa u 
nas klub sportowy Wektra Dziewule i 
Ochotnicza Straż Pożarna.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916328" title="Grochówka, Masovian Voivodeship">
Grochówka, Masovian Voivodeship

Grochówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Zbuczyn, south-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916333" title="Grodzisk, Siedlce County">
Grodzisk, Siedlce County

Grodzisk is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Zbuczyn, south-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916336" title="Izdebki-Błażeje">
Izdebki-Błażeje

Izdebki-Błażeje is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Zbuczyn, east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916339" title="Izdebki-Kośmidry">
Izdebki-Kośmidry

Izdebki-Kośmidry is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Zbuczyn, east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 123.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916342" title="Izdebki-Kosny">
Izdebki-Kosny

Izdebki-Kosny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Zbuczyn, east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916345" title="Izdebki-Wąsy">
Izdebki-Wąsy

Izdebki-Wąsy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Zbuczyn, east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916346" title="Januszówka, Masovian Voivodeship">
Januszówka, Masovian Voivodeship

Januszówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916348" title="Jasionka, Masovian Voivodeship">
Jasionka, Masovian Voivodeship

Jasionka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Zbuczyn, south-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 280.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916353" title="Karcze, Masovian Voivodeship">
Karcze, Masovian Voivodeship

Karcze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Zbuczyn, south-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916356" title="Krzesk-Królowa Niwa">
Krzesk-Królowa Niwa

Krzesk-Królowa Niwa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 630.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916358" title="Krzesk-Majątek">
Krzesk-Majątek

Krzesk-Majątek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916363" title="Kwasy, Masovian Voivodeship">
Kwasy, Masovian Voivodeship

Kwasy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Zbuczyn, east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916365" title="Łęcznowola">
Łęcznowola

Łęcznowola is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Zbuczyn, south-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916366" title="Lipiny, Gmina Zbuczyn">
Lipiny, Gmina Zbuczyn

Lipiny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916371" title="Lucynów, Siedlce County">
Lucynów, Siedlce County

Lucynów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916372" title="Ługi Wielkie">
Ługi Wielkie

Ługi Wielkie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Zbuczyn, south-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916375" title="Ługi-Rętki">
Ługi-Rętki

Ługi-Rętki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916377" title="Maciejowice, Siedlce County">
Maciejowice, Siedlce County

Maciejowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Zbuczyn, south-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916383" title="Modrzew, Siedlce County">
Modrzew, Siedlce County

Modrzew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Zbuczyn, east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916384" title="Saheb Chatterjee">
Saheb Chatterjee

Saheb Chatterjee ()( Born:) is a Bengali Indian male actor and singer of Tollywood Bangla and Bengali TV Media.

</doc>
<doc id="19916389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916389" title="Olędy, Gmina Zbuczyn">
Olędy, Gmina Zbuczyn

Olędy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916390" title="Pogonów, Masovian Voivodeship">
Pogonów, Masovian Voivodeship

Pogonów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Zbuczyn, south-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916391" title="Rówce">
Rówce

Rówce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Zbuczyn, south-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 215.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916394" title="Rzążew">
Rzążew

Rzążew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Zbuczyn, east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916402" title="Smolanka, Masovian Voivodeship">
Smolanka, Masovian Voivodeship

Smolanka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Zbuczyn, south-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916405" title="Sobicze">
Sobicze

Sobicze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Zbuczyn, east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916408" title="Stary Krzesk">
Stary Krzesk

Stary Krzesk is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Zbuczyn, south-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916415" title="Katie Beers kidnapping">
Katie Beers kidnapping

Katherine "Katie" Beers (born December 30, 1982) was kidnapped in New York in 1992 at age 9, by a friend of the family, and held in an underground bunker for seventeen days.
History.
Katie Beers disappeared on December 28, 1992, two days before her tenth birthday. She was lured by the promise of birthday presents to the home of a family friend, John Esposito. She left a message on her godmother's answering machine saying, "I've been kidnapped by a man with a knife." Esposito, almost immediately a suspect due to his own personal background history, falsely alleged that Beers was kidnapped by a third party while at the Spaceplex indoor amusement park, but security cameras disclosed that Esposito entered Spaceplex by himself. She was held in a "6-foot-by-7-foot concrete bunker under his garage in Bay Shore, New York, concealed by a 200-pound concrete trap door". Beers, along with other children, had played in the dirt displaced by the bunker as Esposito dug it. He told police he had built the bunker for Beers. On January 13, 1993, she was found alive in the bunker after Esposito led police to it. 
He was sentenced to 15 years to life, a sentence he served at Sing Sing prison in Westchester County, New York, until he was found dead in his cell of apparently natural causes on September 4, 2013, just after a parole hearing. Although he was not charged with it, Beers later said Esposito had raped her during her captivity. Earlier that same year, Beers' book about her ordeal was published. 

</doc>
<doc id="19916417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916417" title="Świercze, Siedlce County">
Świercze, Siedlce County

Świercze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Zbuczyn, south-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 40.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916421" title="Tarcze">
Tarcze

Tarcze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Zbuczyn, east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916424" title="Tchórzew, Masovian Voivodeship">
Tchórzew, Masovian Voivodeship

Tchórzew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Zbuczyn, south-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916426" title="Tchórzew-Plewki">
Tchórzew-Plewki

Tchórzew-Plewki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Zbuczyn, south-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916427" title="Tęczki">
Tęczki

Tęczki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Zbuczyn, south-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916432" title="Wesółka, Masovian Voivodeship">
Wesółka, Masovian Voivodeship

Wesółka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Zbuczyn, east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916433" title="Wólka Kamienna">
Wólka Kamienna

Wólka Kamienna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Zbuczyn, south-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916434" title="Zawady, Gmina Zbuczyn">
Zawady, Gmina Zbuczyn

Zawady is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916435" title="Zbuczyn">
Zbuczyn

Zbuczyn is a village in Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Zbuczyn. It lies approximately south-east of Siedlce and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 1,836.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916436" title="Zdany">
Zdany

Zdany is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Zbuczyn, south-east of Siedlce, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916459" title="Antoniewo, Sierpc County">
Antoniewo, Sierpc County

Antoniewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916460" title="Białuty">
Białuty

Białuty may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19916463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916463" title="Białuty, Sierpc County">
Białuty, Sierpc County

Białuty is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916464" title="Bombalice">
Bombalice

Bombalice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Gozdowo, south-east of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916466" title="Bonisław, Sierpc County">
Bonisław, Sierpc County

Bonisław is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Gozdowo, south of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916467" title="Bronoszewice">
Bronoszewice

Bronoszewice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916468" title="Western Local Escort Force">
Western Local Escort Force

Western Local Escort Force (WLEF) referred to the organization of anti-submarine escorts for World War II trade convoys from North American port cities to the Western Ocean Meeting Point (WOMP or WESTOMP) near Newfoundland where ships of the Mid-Ocean Escort Force (MOEF) assumed responsibility for safely delivering the convoys to the British Isles.
Background.
On the basis of experience during World War I, the Admiralty instituted trade convoys in United Kingdom coastal waters from September 1939. Convoys gradually extended westward until HX 129 left Halifax on 27 May 1941 as the first convoy to receive escort for the entire trip from Canada. The American Neutrality Zone offered some protection in North American coastal waters until United States declaration of war in December 1941.
Organization.
The Royal Canadian Navy organized the Halifax-based Western Local Escort Force in February 1942 as U-boats began patrolling North American coastal waters during the "second happy time". The Royal Navy provided the WLEF with twelve old, short-range destroyers well-equipped for anti-submarine warfare and manned by experienced personnel. Newly commissioned Canadian Flower class corvettes and Bangor class minesweepers were assigned to the WLEF. Town class destroyers "St. Clair", "Columbia", and "Niagara" were assigned to the WLEF after their endurance proved inadequate for MOEF assignments. During the winter of 1942–43, some of these destroyers were organized into Western Support Force (WSF) groupings of three ships to augment protection of convoys coming under attack in the western Atlantic.
Operations.
The WLEF was theoretically organized in to eight escort groups able to provide an escort of four to six ships to each convoy. WLEF escort group assignments were more dynamic than the MOEF escort groups, and WLEF escorts seldom worked with the same team of ships through successive convoys. A WLEF escort group would typically meet a westbound ON convoy at WOMP and then individual WLEF ships would be detached with elements of the convoy proceeding separately to Sydney, Nova Scotia, Halifax Harbour, Quebec ports on the St. Lawrence River, Saint John, New Brunswick, Boston, Massachusetts, or New York City. Some WLEF escorts were assigned to coastal convoys reaching as far south as the Caribbean. Eastbound HX convoys and SC convoys worked in reverse forming with a few WLEF escorts in New York City and picking up others as ships joined from New England ports or the Maritimes. Short range escorts or escorts experiencing mechanical problems might be similarly detached and replaced at intermediate points between WOMP and New York City. The most frequent location for escort exchanges was the Halifax Ocean Meeting Point (HOMP) off the WLEF home port of Halifax.
The WLEF operated exclusively within range of anti-submarine patrol bombers; although weather often limited flight operations. U-boats were deployed cautiously in areas where air patrols were expected, so single U-boat encounters were more common than wolf pack engagements. The name was shortened to "Western Escort Force" (WEF) in the summer of 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="19916469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916469" title="Cetlin">
Cetlin

Cetlin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Gozdowo, south-east of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916472" title="Czachorowo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Czachorowo, Masovian Voivodeship

Czachorowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Gozdowo, south of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916473" title="Czachowo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Czachowo, Masovian Voivodeship

Czachowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916475" title="Czarnominek">
Czarnominek

Czarnominek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916479" title="Dzięgielewo">
Dzięgielewo

Dzięgielewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Gozdowo, south of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916483" title="Głuchowo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Głuchowo, Masovian Voivodeship

Głuchowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Gozdowo, south of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916484" title="Malcolm Miller">
Malcolm Miller

Malcolm Miller was a sail training ship built in Aberdeen, Scotland by John Lewis & Sons, shipbuilders. She was sold out of service in 2001 and renamed Helena C as a private yacht. Following a fire in 2008, she has been laid up.
History.
"Malcolm Miller" was built in 1967, half of the construction cost being donated by Sir James Miller, a former Lord Mayor of London and Lord Provost of Edinburgh. She was named for Sir James' son Malcolm, who had been killed in a car accident. The ship was designed by Camper & Nicholson and used by the Sail Training Association as a Sail Training Ship. "Malcolm Miller" was a sister ship to "Sir Winston Churchill".
In 2000, "Malcolm Miller" was replaced in service by "Stavros S Niarchos". In 2001, "Malcolm Miller" was sold and her new owners renamed her "Helena C". She was rebuilt and redelivered in 2004 as a private pleasure ship. She crossed twice the Atlantic ocean.
In June 2008 she was damaged by fire while being refurbished, leaving one man with serious burns. Either before or after the fire (but no later than 2009), the ship was again up for sale and possibly changed owner. As of August 2009, the ship (minus masts) and bearing the name "Malcolm Miller" was moored to a buoy in Falmouth Harbour, Cornwall. In November 2011, she was still laid up off Tolverne on the River Fal in Cornwall.
In January, 2012, she was towed to St. Peter Port, Guernsey and then on with destination Poland.
As of April 2013, one website describes the ship as being for sale (asking a price of 5,5 million US Dollars) and another as being for charter (asking 55,000 US Dollars per week off-season, or 60,000 in high season); however, these ads possibly date back to the time before the fire in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19916485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916485" title="Gnaty, Sierpc County">
Gnaty, Sierpc County

Gnaty is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916489" title="Golejewo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Golejewo, Masovian Voivodeship

Golejewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Gozdowo, south of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 150.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916491" title="Gozdowo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Gozdowo, Masovian Voivodeship

Gozdowo is a village in Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Gozdowo. It lies approximately south of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 1,403.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916492" title="Kolczyn, Masovian Voivodeship">
Kolczyn, Masovian Voivodeship

Kolczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916493" title="Kowalewo Podborne">
Kowalewo Podborne

Kowalewo Podborne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Gozdowo, south of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 100.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916494" title="Kowalewo-Boguszyce">
Kowalewo-Boguszyce

Kowalewo-Boguszyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Gozdowo, south of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 60.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916495" title="Kowalewo-Skorupki">
Kowalewo-Skorupki

Kowalewo-Skorupki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Kowalewo-Skorupki - a village in Poland located in Mazowieckie, Sierpc in the county, the municipality Gozdowo. Kowalewo-Skorupki was in the past, part of the local gentry called Kowalewo. In the thirteenth century, there were already settlements called Kowalewo (the establishment of the parish in Gozdowo in 1305). The name Skorupki showing for the first time in 1404, from the daughter of Nicholas Diwkę the Skorupki. The name of the village until the sixteenth century was written differently, Kowalewo alias Skorupki, or Skorupki Kowalewo. Near the village there was a settlement Kowalewo-Sule having been listed at the end of the eighteenth century (lying between Kovalev and Białutami Podbornym). Initially it was a village belonging to one branch of the Kowalewo family. A list of Tax from 1531 mentions two heirs, Paweł and Andrzej Jana Mścicha. They belonged to the family coat of arms Junosza Kowalewskich. Inventory tax in 1578 shows the breakdown of the village into three parts. In the second half of the seventeenth century, mainly Kowalewscy lived here, with six nobility. In 1734 the divisions of the Kowalewo area were: Kowalewscy, Łukoscy, Umińscy, Kuskowscy, Rycharski and Czachorowski. According to the census of the landowners of the late eighteenth century inherited here: Czarnomski, Koskowscy, Kowalewscy, Roman, Rycharscy, Umieński. So, it was a village divided between a number of nobles. Some belonged to the poor gentry, and others to a richer small farm. In 1827 the Skorupki was recorded 8 houses 59 residents. During the January Uprising gentry was the basic strength of the insurgent troops. The Skorupki in 1883 counted 8 houses and 80 residents. The whole village had 338 acres of land including 302 acres of land of the manor. This small village parochial become an important educational center in the area. Since 1890 there has been a parish school here. They then created a folk school. At the same time the construction of a brick elementary school took place (before World War I). It was one of the first brick school in the district. It was one of the rebel schools during the events of the years 1905-1907, apparently burning portraits of the Tsar. In 1921, this town had 9 houses and 91 residents, belonged to the municipality of Białyszewo. There are two historic buildings. These are: the wooden house number 8 from the mid-nineteenth century, the property of J. Kowalewski, and the wooden house from the mid-nineteenth century, J. Kowalewski property.
In the years 1975-1998 the town administratively belonged to the province of Plock.
The village has a population of 70.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916496" title="Kozice, Sierpc County">
Kozice, Sierpc County

Kozice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Gozdowo, south of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 60.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916500" title="Kuniewo">
Kuniewo

Kuniewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916501" title="Kurówko, Sierpc County">
Kurówko, Sierpc County

Kurówko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Gozdowo, south of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916502" title="Kurowo, Sierpc County">
Kurowo, Sierpc County

Kurowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916503" title="Lelice">
Lelice

Lelice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Gozdowo, south-east of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916504" title="Lisewo Duże">
Lisewo Duże

Lisewo Duże is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Gozdowo, south of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916507" title="Lisewo Małe">
Lisewo Małe

Lisewo Małe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Gozdowo, south of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916508" title="Buddy Moss">
Buddy Moss

Eugene "Buddy" Moss (January 16, 1914  – October 19, 1984) was, in the estimation of many blues scholars, one of two the most influential East Coast blues guitarists to record in the period between Blind Blake's final sessions in 1932 and Blind Boy Fuller's debut in 1935 (the other being Josh White). A younger contemporary of Blind Willie McTell, Curley Weaver and Barbecue Bob, Moss was part of a coterie of Atlanta bluesmen, and among the few of his era who had been involved in the blues revival of the 1960s and 1970s. A guitarist of uncommon skill and dexterity with a strong voice, he began as a musical disciple of Blind Blake, and may well have served as an influence on the later Piedmont-style guitarist Blind Boy Fuller. Although his career was halted in 1935 by a six-year jail term, and then by the Second World War, Moss lived long enough to be rediscovered in the 1960s, when he revealed his talent had persevered throughout the years. He was reputed to have been cankerous and mistrusting of others, the extent to which this is a case is subjective.
In later years, Moss credited friend and band-mate Barbecue Bob with being a major influence on his playing, which would be understandable given the time they spent together. Scholars also attribute Arthur "Blind" Blake as a major force in his development, with mannerisms and inflections that both share. It is also suggested by Alan Balfour and others that Moss may have been an influence on Blind Boy Fuller, as they never met and Moss' recording career ended before Fuller's began — Moss's first recordings display some inflections and nuances that Fuller had not put down on record until some years later.
Biography.
Moss was one of 12 children born to a sharecropper in the Warren County town of Jewell, Georgia, midway between Atlanta and Augusta. There is some disagreement about his date of birth, some sources indicating 1906 and many others of more recent vintage claiming 1914. He began teaching himself the harmonica at a very early age, and he played at local parties around Augusta, where the family moved when he was four and remained for the next 10 years. By 1928, he was busking around the streets of Atlanta. "Nobody was my influence," he told Robert Springer of his harmonica playing, in a 1975 interview. "I just kept hearing people, so I listen and I listen, and listen, and it finally come to me."
By the time he arrived in Atlanta, he was good enough to be noticed by Curley Weaver and Robert "Barbecue Bob" Hicks, who began working with the younger Moss. It was Weaver and Bob that got him onto his first recording date, at the age of 16, as a member of their group the Georgia Cotton Pickers, on December 7, 1930 at the Campbell Hotel in Atlanta, doing four songs for Columbia: "I'm On My Way Down Home," "Diddle-Da-Diddle," "She Looks So Good," and "She's Comin' Back Some Cold Rainy Day." The group that day consisted of Barbecue Bob and Curley Weaver on guitars and Moss on harmonica. Moss would not record anything more for the next three years.
By 1933, Moss had taught himself the guitar, at which he became so proficient that he was a genuine peer and rival to Weaver. He frequently played with Barbecue Bob until his death of pneumonia on October 21, 1931, he found a new partner and associate in Atlanta blues legend Blind Willie McTell, performing together at local parties in the Atlanta area.
In January 1933, however, he made his debut as a recording artist in his own right for the American Record Company in New York City, accompanied by Fred McMullen and Curley Weaver, easily cutting three songs cut that first day, "Bye Bye Mama," "Daddy Don't Care," and "Red River Blues." Another 8 songs followed over the next three days, and all 11 were released, far more than saw the light of day from McMullen or Weaver at those same sessions.
The debut sessions also featured Moss returning to the mouth harp, as a member of the Georgia Browns - Moss, Weaver, McMullen and singer Ruth Willis - for six songs done at the same sessions. But it was on the guitar that Moss would make his name over the next five years.
Moss's records were released simultaneously on various budget labels associated with ARC, and were so successful that in mid-September 1933, he was back in New York City along with Weaver and Blind Willie McTell. Moss cut another dozen songs for the company, this time accompanied by Curley Weaver, while he accompanied Weaver and McTell on their numbers.
These songs sold well enough, that he was back in New York City in the summer of 1934, this time as a solo guitarist/singer, to do more than a dozen tracks. At this point, Moss's records were outselling those of his colleagues Weaver and McTell, and were widely heard through the Southern and Border states. His "Oh Lordy Mama" from these sessions became well known as "Hey Lawdy Mama", a song interpreted by a variety of artists. This body of recordings also best represents the bridge that Moss provided between Blind Blake and Blind Boy Fuller - his solo version of "Some Lonesome Day," and also "Dough Rollin' Papa," from 1934 advanced ideas in playing and singing that Blind Boy Fuller picked up and adapted to his own style, while one could listen to "Insane Blues" and pick up the lingering influence of Blind Blake.
By August 1935, Moss saw his per-song fee doubled from $5 to $10 (in a period when many men were surviving on less than that per week), and when he wasn't recording, he was constantly playing around Atlanta alongside McTell and Weaver. When Moss returned to the studio in the summer of 1935, it was with a new partner, Joshua Daniel White, "The Singing Christian". The two recorded a group of 15 songs in August 1935, and it seemed like Moss was destined to outshine his one-time mentors Weaver and McTell, when personal and legal disaster struck.
In an incident that has never been fully recounted or explained, Moss was arrested, tried, and convicted for the shooting murder of his wife and sentenced to a long prison term. (The above photograph was taken of Moss at the prison where he was incarcerated.) With the death of Blind Boy Fuller in 1941, his manager, J.B. Long, made efforts to secure Moss's release as a Fuller replacement, all to no avail until 1941, when a combination of Moss' own good behavior as a prisoner, the bribery of two parole boards, coupled with the entreaties of two outside sponsors (Long and Columbia Records) willing to assure his compliance with parole helped get him out of jail. J.B. Long finally effected his release to his custody with the understanding that Moss stay out of the State of Georgia for a decade. It was while working at Elon College for Long under the parole agreement that he met a group of other blues musicians under Long's management that included Sonny Terry and Brownie McGhee.
In October 1941, Moss, Terry and McGhee, a.o. went to New York City to cut a group of sides for Okeh Records/Columbia, including 13 numbers by Moss featuring his two new colleagues. Only three of the songs were ever released, and then events conspired to cut short Moss's recording comeback. The entry of the United States into World War II in December of the same year forced the government to place a wartime priority on the shellac used in the making of 78-rpm Gramophone records - there was barely enough allocated to the recording industry to keep functioning, and record companies were forced to curtail recordings by all but the most commercially viable artists; a ban on recording work by the Musicians' Union declared soon after further restricted any chance for Moss to record; and the interest in acoustic country blues, even of the caliber that he played, seemed to be waning, further cutting back on record company interest.
"Moss" continued performing in the area around Richmond, Virginia and Durham, North Carolina during the mid-'40s, and with Curley Weaver in Atlanta during the early 1950s, but music was no longer his profession or his living. His decade ban from Georgia is probably why he missed out on recording for Regal Records in Atlanta in 1949; the likes of Curley Weaver, Blind Willie McTell, and Frank Edwards were recorded then. He went to work on a tobacco farm, drove trucks, and worked as an elevator operator, among other jobs, over the next 20-odd years.
Although he still occasionally played in the area around Atlanta, Moss was largely forgotten. Despite the fact that reference sources even then referred to him as one of the most influential bluesmen of the 1930s, he was overlooked by the blues revival. In a sense, he was cheated by the fact that his recording career had been so short - 1933 to 1935 - and had never recovered from the interruption in his work caused by his stretch in prison. His difficult character made it difficult for many, Black and White, to deal with him.
Fate stepped in, in the form of some coincidences. In 1964, he chanced to hear that his old partner Josh White was giving a concert at Emory University in Atlanta. Moss visited White backstage at the concert, and the fans hanging around established legend White suddenly discovered a blues legend in their midst. Moss was persuaded to resume performing in a series of concerts before college audiences, most notably under the auspices of the Atlanta Folk Music Society and the Folklore Society of Greater Washington. He also had new recording sessions for the Columbia label in Nashville, but none of the material was issued during his lifetime.
A June 10, 1966 concert in Washington, D.C. was recorded and portions of it were later released on the Biograph label. Moss played the Newport Folk Festival in 1969, and appeared at such unusual venues as New York's Electric Circus during that same year. During the 1970s, he played the John Henry Memorial Concert in West Virginia for two consecutive years, and the Atlanta Blues Festival and the Atlanta Grass Roots Music Festival in 1976, and later at The National Folk Festival held at Wolf Trap Farm Park in Vienna, VA.
Moss died in Atlanta on October 19, 1984, once again largely forgotten by the public. In the years since, his music was once again being heard courtesy of the Biograph label's reissue of the 1966 performance and the Austrian Document label, which has released virtually every side that he released between 1930 and 1941. While there were some who tried to get him to record, his difficult personality made that impossible – once again, he was his own worst enemy – in spite of his immense talent and importance. As a result, his reputation has once again grown, although he is still not nearly as well known among blues enthusiasts as Blind Willie McTell or Blind Boy Fuller.

</doc>
<doc id="19916509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916509" title="Lisice-Folwark">
Lisice-Folwark

Lisice-Folwark is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 40.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916513" title="Łysakowo, Sierpc County">
Łysakowo, Sierpc County

Łysakowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Gozdowo, south of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 120.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916517" title="Miodusy">
Miodusy

Miodusy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Gozdowo, south-east of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916522" title="Bernard Clavel">
Bernard Clavel

Bernard Charles Henri Clavel (May 29, 1923 – October 5, 2010) was a French writer.
Clavel was born in Lons-le-Saunier. From a humble background, he was largely self-educated. He began working as a pastry cook apprentice when he was 14 years old. He later had several jobs until he began working as a journalist in the 1950s. After the war, he worked for the social insurance, and he could not dedicate himself to literature until 1964. He has lived and worked in many places and lived in Savoy until his death.
His first novel was "L'Ouvrier de la nuit" ("Night Worker", 1956). He later published works for young people and numerous novels, at times organised into series: "La grande patience" ("The Great Patience", 4 volumes — 1962–1968), "Les Colonnes du ciel" ("Heaven's Pillars", 5 volumes — 1976–1981), or "Le Royaume du nord" ("Northern Kingdom", 6 volumes — 1983–1989).
In his writings, he employed simple language and attached importance to humble characters and to the defence of humanist values by questioning violence and war.
He died in Grenoble.

</doc>
<doc id="19916523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916523" title="Ostrowy, Gmina Gozdowo">
Ostrowy, Gmina Gozdowo

Ostrowy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916525" title="Reczewo">
Reczewo

Reczewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has an approximate population of 200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916526" title="International rankings of Saudi Arabia">
International rankings of Saudi Arabia

The following are international rankings of Saudi Arabia.
Cities.
Riyadh

</doc>
<doc id="19916530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916530" title="Rękawczyn, Masovian Voivodeship">
Rękawczyn, Masovian Voivodeship

Rękawczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Gozdowo, south of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916532" title="Rempin">
Rempin

Rempin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Gozdowo, south of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916535" title="Rogienice, Masovian Voivodeship">
Rogienice, Masovian Voivodeship

Rogienice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Gozdowo, south-east of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916536" title="Rogieniczki">
Rogieniczki

Rogieniczki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Gozdowo, south-east of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916539" title="Rycharcice">
Rycharcice

Rycharcice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Gozdowo, south of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916540" title="Smorzewo">
Smorzewo

Smorzewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 50.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916541" title="Stradzewo">
Stradzewo

Stradzewo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19916542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916542" title="Stradzewo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Stradzewo, Masovian Voivodeship

Stradzewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916546" title="Węgrzynowo, Sierpc County">
Węgrzynowo, Sierpc County

Węgrzynowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 140.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916548" title="Zakrzewko, Masovian Voivodeship">
Zakrzewko, Masovian Voivodeship

Zakrzewko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Gozdowo, south of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916549" title="Zbójno, Masovian Voivodeship">
Zbójno, Masovian Voivodeship

Zbójno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Gozdowo, south of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916559" title="Atomic nucleus">
Atomic nucleus

The nucleus is the very dense region consisting of protons and neutrons at the center of an atom. It was discovered in 1911 as a result of Ernest Rutherford's interpretation of the 1909 Geiger–Marsden gold foil experiment performed by Hans Geiger and Ernest Marsden under Rutherford's direction. The proton–neutron model of nucleus was proposed by Dmitry Ivanenko in 1932. Almost all of the mass of an atom is located in the nucleus, with a very small contribution from the electron cloud. 
The diameter of the nucleus is in the range of () for hydrogen (the diameter of a single proton) to about for the heaviest atoms, such as uranium. These dimensions are much smaller than the diameter of the atom itself (nucleus + electron cloud), by a factor of about 23,000 (uranium) to about 145,000 (hydrogen).
The branch of physics concerned with studying and understanding the atomic nucleus, including its composition and the forces which bind it together, is called nuclear physics.
Introduction.
History.
The nucleus was discovered in 1911, as a result of Ernest Rutherford's efforts to test Thomson's "plum pudding model" of the atom. The electron had already been discovered earlier by J.J. Thomson himself, and knowing that atoms are neutral, Thomson postulated that there must be a positive charge as well. In his plum pudding model, Thomson stated that an atom consisted of negative electrons randomly scattered within a sphere of positive charge. Ernest Rutherford later devised an experiment that involved the deflection of alpha particles at a thin sheet of metal foil. He reasoned that if Thomson's model were correct, the immense alpha particles would easily pass through the foil with very little deviation in their paths. To his surprise, many of the particles were deflected at very large angles. Because the mass of alpha particles is about 8000 times that of an electron, it became apparent that a very strong force was present that allowed the particles to be deflected. He realized that the plum pudding model could not be accurate and that the deflections of the alpha particles could only be caused by a center of concentrated charge that contained most of the atom's mass. Thus, the idea of a nuclear atom—an atom with a dense center of positive charge—became justified.
Etymology.
The term nucleus is from the Latin word "nucleus", a diminutive of "nux" ("nut"), meaning the kernel (i.e., the "small nut") inside a watery type of fruit (like a peach). In 1844, Michael Faraday used the term to refer to the "central point of an atom". The modern atomic meaning was proposed by Ernest Rutherford in 1912. The adoption of the term "nucleus" to atomic theory, however, was not immediate. In 1916, for example, Gilbert N. Lewis stated, in his famous article "The Atom and the Molecule", that "the atom is composed of the "kernel" and an outer atom or "shell""
Nuclear makeup.
The nucleus of an atom consists of protons and neutrons (two types of baryons) bound by the nuclear force (also known as the residual strong force). These baryons are further composed of subatomic fundamental particles known as quarks bound by the strong interaction. Which chemical element an atom represents is determined by the number of protons in the nucleus. Each proton carries a single positive charge, and the total electrical charge of the nucleus is spread fairly uniformly throughout its body, with a fall-off at the edge.
Major exceptions to this rule are the light elements hydrogen and helium, where the charge is concentrated most highly at the single central point (without a central volume of uniform charge). This configuration is the same as for 1s electrons in atomic orbitals, and is the expected density distribution for fermions (in this case, protons) in 1s states without orbital angular momentum.
As each proton carries a unit of charge, the charge distribution is indicative of the proton distribution. The neutron distribution probably is similar.
While protons define the entire charge of a nucleus and, hence, its chemical identity, neutrons are electrically neutral, but contribute to the mass of a nucleus to the same extent. Neutrons explain the phenomenon of isotopes – varieties of a chemical element which differ in atomic mass.
Protons and neutrons.
Protons and neutrons are fermions, with different values of the strong isospin quantum number, so two protons and two neutrons can share the same space wave function since they are not identical quantum entities. They sometimes are viewed as two different quantum states of the same particle, the "nucleon". Two fermions, such as two protons, or two neutrons, or a proton + neutron (the deuteron) can exhibit bosonic behavior when they become loosely bound in pairs.
In the rare case of a hypernucleus, a third baryon called a hyperon, with a different value of the strangeness quantum number can also share the wave function. However, the latter type of nuclei are extremely unstable and are not found on Earth except in high energy physics experiments.
The neutron has a positively charged core of radius ≈ 0.3 fm surrounded by a compensating negative charge of radius between 0.3 fm and 2 fm. The proton has an approximately exponentially decaying positive charge distribution with a mean square radius of about 0.8 fm.
Forces.
Nuclei are bound together by the residual strong force (nuclear force). The residual strong force is a minor residuum of the strong interaction which binds quarks together to form protons and neutrons. This force is much weaker "between" neutrons and protons because it is mostly neutralized within them, in the same way that electromagnetic forces "between" neutral atoms (such as van der Waals forces that act between two inert gas atoms) are much weaker than the electromagnetic forces that hold the parts of the atoms internally together (for example, the forces that hold the electrons in an inert gas atom bound to its nucleus).
The nuclear force is highly attractive at the distance of typical nucleon separation, and this overwhelms the repulsion between protons which is due to the electromagnetic force, thus allowing nuclei to exist. However, because the residual strong force has a limited range because it decays quickly with distance (see Yukawa potential), only nuclei smaller than a certain size can be completely stable. The largest known completely stable (e.g., stable to alpha, beta, and gamma decay) nucleus is lead-208 which contains a total of 208 nucleons (126 neutrons and 82 protons). Nuclei larger than this maximal size of 208 particles are unstable and (as a trend) become increasingly short-lived with larger size, as the number of neutrons and protons which compose them increases beyond this number. However, bismuth-209 is also stable to beta decay and has the longest half-life to alpha decay of any known isotope, estimated at a billion times longer than the age of the universe.
The residual strong force is effective over a very short range (usually only a few fermis; roughly one or two nucleon diameters) and causes an attraction between any pair of nucleons. For example, between protons and neutrons to form deuteron, and also between protons and protons, and neutrons and neutrons.
Halo nuclei and strong force range limits.
The effective absolute limit of the range of the strong force is represented by halo nuclei such as lithium-11 or boron-14, in which dineutrons, or other collections of neutrons, orbit at distances of about ten fermis (roughly similar to the 8 fermi radius of the nucleus of uranium-238). These nuclei are not maximally dense. Halo nuclei form at the extreme edges of the chart of the nuclides—the neutron drip line and proton drip line—and are all unstable with short half-lives, measured in milliseconds; for example, lithium-11 has a half-life of less than 8.6 milliseconds.
Halos in effect represent an excited state with nucleons in an outer quantum shell which has unfilled energy levels "below" it (both in terms of radius and energy). The halo may be made of either neutrons NNN or protons PPP. Nuclei which have a single neutron halo include 11Be and 19C. A two-neutron halo is exhibited by 6He, 11Li, 17B, 19B and 22C. Two-neutron halo nuclei break into three fragments, never two, and are called "Borromean nuclei" because of this behavior (referring to a system of three interlocked rings in which breaking any ring frees both of the others). 8He and 14Be both exhibit a four-neutron halo. Nuclei which have a proton halo include 8B and 26P. A two-proton halo is exhibited by 17Ne and 27S. Proton halos are expected to be more rare and unstable than the neutron examples, because of the repulsive electromagnetic forces of the excess proton(s).
Nuclear models.
Although the standard model of physics is widely believed to completely describe the composition and behavior of the nucleus, generating predictions from theory is much more difficult than for most other areas of particle physics. This is essentially because perturbation theory, a widely used mathematical tool, is not applicable to quantum chromodynamics (the theory of the strong force) at the energy scales relevant to the nucleus. As a result, experiments have historically been compared to relatively crude models which are necessarily imperfect. None of these models completely explain experimental data on nuclear structure.
The nuclear radius ("R") is considered to be one of the basic quantities that any model must predict. For stable nuclei (not halo nuclei or other unstable distorted nuclei) the nuclear radius is roughly proportional to the cube root of the mass number ("A") of the nucleus, and particularly in nuclei containing many nucleons, as they arrange in more spherical configurations:
The stable nucleus has approximately a constant density and therefore the nuclear radius R can be approximated by the following formula,
where "A" = Atomic mass number (the number of protons "Z", plus the number of neutrons "N") and "r"0 = 1.25 fm = 1.25 × 10−15 m. In this equation, the constant "r"0 varies by 0.2 fm, depending on the nucleus in question, but this is less than 20% change from a constant.
In other words, packing protons and neutrons in the nucleus gives "approximately" the same total size result as packing hard spheres of a constant size (like marbles) into a tight spherical or almost spherical bag (some stable nuclei are not quite spherical, but are known to be prolate).
Liquid drop models.
Early models of the nucleus viewed the nucleus as a rotating liquid drop. In this model, the trade-off of long-range electromagnetic forces and relatively short-range nuclear forces, together cause behavior which resembled surface tension forces in liquid drops of different sizes. This formula is successful at explaining many important phenomena of nuclei, such as their changing amounts of binding energy as their size and composition changes (see semi-empirical mass formula), but it does not explain the special stability which occurs when nuclei have special "magic numbers" of protons or neutrons.
Shell models and other quantum models.
A number of models for the nucleus have also been proposed in which nucleons occupy orbitals, much like the atomic orbitals in atomic physics theory. These wave models imagine nucleons to be either sizeless point particles in potential wells, or else probability waves as in the "optical model", frictionlessly orbiting at high speed in potential wells.
In the above models, the nucleons may occupy orbitals in pairs, due to being fermions, which allows to explain even/odd "Z" and "N" effects well-known from experiments. The exact nature and capacity of nuclear shells differs from those of electrons in atomic orbitals, primarily because the potential well in which the nucleons move (especially in larger nuclei) is quite different from the central electromagnetic potential well which binds electrons in atoms. Some resemblance to atomic orbital models may be seen in a small atomic nucleus like that of helium-4, in which the two protons and two neutrons separately occupy 1s orbitals analogous to the 1s orbital for the two electrons in the helium atom, and achieve unusual stability for the same reason. Nuclei with 5 nucleons are all extremely unstable and short-lived, yet, helium-3, with 3 nucleons, is very stable even with lack of a closed 1s orbital shell. Another nucleus with 3 nucleons, the triton hydrogen-3 is unstable and will decay into helium-3 when isolated. Weak nuclear stability with 2 nucleons {NP} in the 1s orbital is found in the deuteron hydrogen-2, with only one nucleon in each of the proton and neutron potential wells. While each nucleon is a fermion, the {NP} deuteron is a boson and thus does not follow Pauli Exclusion for close packing within shells. Lithium-6 with 6 nucleons is highly stable without a closed second 1p shell orbital. For light nuclei with total nucleon numbers 1 to 6 only those with 5 do not show some evidence of stability. Observations of beta-stability of light nuclei outside closed shells indicate that nuclear stability is much more complex than simple closure of shell orbitals with magic numbers of protons and neutrons.
For larger nuclei, the shells occupied by nucleons begin to differ significantly from electron shells, but nevertheless, present nuclear theory does predict the magic numbers of filled nuclear shells for both protons and neutrons. The closure of the stable shells predicts unusually stable configurations, analogous to the noble group of nearly-inert gases in chemistry. An example is the stability of the closed shell of 50 protons, which allows tin to have 10 stable isotopes, more than any other element. Similarly, the distance from shell-closure explains the unusual instability of isotopes which have far from stable numbers of these particles, such as the radioactive elements 43 (technetium) and 61 (promethium), each of which is preceded and followed by 17 or more stable elements.
There are however problems with the shell model when an attempt is made to account for nuclear properties well away from closed shells. This has led to complex "post hoc" distortions of the shape of the potential well to fit experimental data, but the question remains whether these mathematical manipulations actually correspond to the spatial deformations in real nuclei. Problems with the shell model have led some to propose realistic two-body and three-body nuclear force effects involving nucleon clusters and then build the nucleus on this basis. Two such cluster models are the Close-Packed Spheron Model of Linus Pauling and the 2D Ising Model of MacGregor.
Consistency between models.
As with the case of superfluid liquid helium, atomic nuclei are an example of a state in which both (1) "ordinary" particle physical rules for volume and (2) non-intuitive quantum mechanical rules for a wave-like nature apply. In superfluid helium, the helium atoms have volume, and essentially "touch" each other, yet at the same time exhibit strange bulk properties, consistent with a Bose–Einstein condensation. The latter reveals that they also have a wave-like nature and do not exhibit standard fluid properties, such as friction. For nuclei made of hadrons which are fermions, the same type of condensation does not occur, yet nevertheless, many nuclear properties can only be explained similarly by a combination of properties of particles with volume, in addition to the frictionless motion characteristic of the wave-like behavior of objects trapped in Erwin Schrödinger's quantum orbitals.

</doc>
<doc id="19916565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916565" title="Adamowo, Sierpc County">
Adamowo, Sierpc County

Adamowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916567" title="Bendorzyn">
Bendorzyn

Bendorzyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916568" title="Bożewo, Sierpc County">
Bożewo, Sierpc County

Bożewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 260.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916569" title="Bożewo Nowe">
Bożewo Nowe

Bożewo Nowe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916570" title="Choczeń">
Choczeń

Choczeń is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916571" title="Cieślin, Masovian Voivodeship">
Cieślin, Masovian Voivodeship

Cieślin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Mochowo, south-west of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916573" title="Dobaczewo">
Dobaczewo

Dobaczewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916574" title="Dobrzenice Małe">
Dobrzenice Małe

Dobrzenice Małe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw. From the name of the village was derived a Polish surname Dobrzeniecki.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916577" title="Florencja, Sierpc County">
Florencja, Sierpc County

Florencja is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916580" title="Gozdy, Masovian Voivodeship">
Gozdy, Masovian Voivodeship

Gozdy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916581" title="Grabówiec, Sierpc County">
Grabówiec, Sierpc County

Grabówiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916582" title="Grodnia">
Grodnia

Grodnia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916583" title="Kapuśniki">
Kapuśniki

Kapuśniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Mochowo, west of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916586" title="Kokoszczyn, Masovian Voivodeship">
Kokoszczyn, Masovian Voivodeship

Kokoszczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916587" title="Ligówko">
Ligówko

Ligówko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Mochowo, south-west of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916589" title="Ligowo">
Ligowo

Ligowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 460.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916592" title="Lisice Nowe">
Lisice Nowe

Lisice Nowe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916594" title="Acetic acid">
Acetic acid

Acetic acid (systematically named ethanoic acid ) is an organic compound with the chemical formula CH3COOH (also written as CH3CO2H or C2H4O2). It is a colourless liquid that when undiluted is also called "glacial acetic acid". Vinegar is roughly 4%-8% of acid by volume, making it the main component of vinegar, apart from water. It has a distinctive sour taste and pungent smell. Besides its production as household vinegar, it is mainly produced as a precursor to polyvinylacetate and cellulose acetate. Although it is classified as a weak acid, concentrated acetic acid is corrosive and attacks the skin.
Acetic acid is one of the simplest carboxylic acids. It is an important chemical reagent and industrial chemical, mainly used in the production of cellulose acetate for photographic film and polyvinyl acetate for wood glue, as well as synthetic fibers and fabrics. In households, diluted acetic acid is often used in descaling agents. In the food industry, acetic acid is used under the food additive code E260 as an acidity regulator and as a condiment. As a food additive it is approved for usage in many countries, including Canada, the EU, USA and Australia and New Zealand.
The global demand of acetic acid is around 6.5 million tonnes per year (Mt/a), of which approximately 1.5 Mt/a is met by recycling; the remainder is manufactured from petrochemical feedstock. As a chemical reagent, biological sources of acetic acid are of interest but generally uncompetitive. Vinegar is dilute acetic acid, often produced by fermentation and subsequent oxidation of ethanol.
Nomenclature.
The trivial name "acetic acid" is the most commonly used and preferred IUPAC name. The systematic name "ethanoic acid", a valid IUPAC name, is constructed according to the substitutive nomenclature. The name "acetic acid" derives from "acetum", the Latin word for vinegar, and is related to the word acid itself.
Glacial acetic acid is a trivial name for water-free (anhydrous) acetic acid. Similar to the German name "Eisessig" ("ice-vinegar"), the name comes from the ice-like crystals that form slightly below room temperature at (the presence of 0.1% water lowers its melting point by 0.2 °C).
A common abbreviation for acetic acid is "AcOH", where "Ac" stands for the acetyl group CH3−C(=O)−. Acetate (CH3COO–) is abbreviated "AcO–". The "Ac" is not to be confused with the abbreviation for the chemical element actinium. To better reflect its structure, acetic acid is often written as CH3–C(O)OH, CH3–C(=O)OH, CH3COOH, and CH3CO2H. In the context of acid-base reactions, the abbreviation "HAc" is sometimes used, where "Ac" instead stands for acetate. Acetate is the ion resulting from loss of H+ from acetic acid. The name "acetate" can also refer to a salt containing this anion, or an ester of acetic acid.
History.
Vinegar was known early in civilization as the natural result of exposure of beer and wine to air, because acetic acid-producing bacteria are present globally. The use of acetic acid in alchemy extends into the 3rd century BC, when the Greek philosopher Theophrastus described how vinegar acted on metals to produce pigments useful in art, including "white lead" (lead carbonate) and "verdigris", a green mixture of copper salts including copper(II) acetate. Ancient Romans boiled soured wine to produce a highly sweet syrup called "sapa". Sapa that was produced in lead pots was rich in lead acetate, a sweet substance also called "sugar of lead" or "sugar of Saturn", which contributed to lead poisoning among the Roman aristocracy.
In the Renaissance, glacial acetic acid was prepared through the dry distillation of certain metal acetates (the most noticeable one being copper(II) acetate). The 16th-century German alchemist Andreas Libavius described such a procedure, and he compared the glacial acetic acid produced by this means to vinegar. The presence of water in vinegar has such a profound effect on acetic acid's properties that for centuries chemists believed that glacial acetic acid and the acid found in vinegar were two different substances. French chemist Pierre Adet proved them identical.
In 1845 German chemist, Hermann Kolbe synthesized acetic acid from inorganic compounds for the first time. This reaction sequence consisted of chlorination of carbon disulfide to carbon tetrachloride, followed by pyrolysis to tetrachloroethylene and aqueous chlorination to trichloroacetic acid, and concluded with electrolytic reduction to acetic acid.
By 1910, most glacial acetic acid was obtained from the "pyroligneous liquor" from distillation of wood. The acetic acid was isolated from this by treatment with milk of lime, and the resulting calcium acetate was then acidified with sulfuric acid to recover acetic acid. At that time, Germany was producing 10,000 tons of glacial acetic acid, around 30% of which was used for the manufacture of indigo dye.
Because both methanol and carbon monoxide are commodity raw materials, methanol carbonylation long appeared to be attractive precursors to acetic acid. Henri Dreyfus at British Celanese developed a methanol carbonylation pilot plant as early as 1925. However, a lack of practical materials that could contain the corrosive reaction mixture at the high pressures needed (200 atm or more) discouraged commercialization of these routes. The first commercial methanol carbonylation process, which used a cobalt catalyst, was developed by German chemical company BASF in 1963. In 1968, a rhodium-based catalyst ("cis"−was discovered that could operate efficiently at lower pressure with almost no by-products. US chemical company Monsanto Company built the first plant using this catalyst in 1970, and rhodium-catalyzed methanol carbonylation became the dominant method of acetic acid production (see Monsanto process). In the late 1990s, the chemicals company BP Chemicals commercialized the Cativa catalyst ([Ir(CO)2I2−), which is promoted by ruthenium for greater efficiency. This iridium-catalyzed Cativa process is greener and more efficient and has largely supplanted the Monsanto process, often in the same production plants.
In the interstellar medium.
Acetic acid was discovered in interstellar medium in 1996 by a team led by David Mehringer who detected it using the former Berkeley-Illinois-Maryland Association array at the Hat Creek Radio Observatory and the former Millimeter Array located at the Owens Valley Radio Observatory. It was first detected in the Sagittarius B2 North molecular cloud (also known as the Sgr B2 Large Molecule Heimat source). Acetic acid has the distinction of being the first molecule discovered in the interstellar medium using solely radio interferometers; in all previous ISM molecular discoveries made in the millimeter and centimeter wavelength regimes, single dish radio telescopes were at least partly responsible for the detections.
Chemical properties.
Acidity.
The hydrogen center in the carboxyl group (−COOH) in carboxylic acids such as acetic acid can separate from the molecule by ionization:
Because of this release of the proton (H+), acetic acid has acidic character. Acetic acid is a weak monoprotic acid. In aqueous solution, it has a pKa value of 4.76. Its conjugate base is acetate (CH3COO−). A 1.0 M solution (about the concentration of domestic vinegar) has a pH of 2.4, indicating that merely 0.4% of the acetic acid molecules are dissociated.
Structure.
In solid acetic acid, the molecules form pairs (dimers), being connected by hydrogen bonds. The dimers can also be detected in the vapour at . Dimers also occur in the liquid phase in dilute solutions in non-hydrogen-bonding solvents, and a certain extent in pure acetic acid, but are disrupted by hydrogen-bonding solvents. The dissociation enthalpy of the dimer is estimated at 65.0–66.0 kJ/mol, and the dissociation entropy at 154–157 J mol−1 K−1. Other lower carboxylic acids dimerize in a similar fashion.
Solvent properties.
Liquid acetic acid is a hydrophilic (polar) protic solvent, similar to ethanol and water. With a moderate relative static permittivity (dielectric constant) of 6.2, it dissolves not only polar compounds such as inorganic salts and sugars, but also non-polar compounds such as oils and elements such as sulfur and iodine. It readily mixes with other polar and non-polar solvents such as water, chloroform, and hexane. With higher alkanes (starting with octane), acetic acid is not completely miscible anymore, and its miscibility continues to decline with longer n-alkanes. This dissolving property and miscibility of acetic acid makes it a widely used industrial chemical, for example, as a solvent in the production of dimethyl terephthalate.
Chemical reactions.
Organic chemistry.
Acetic acid undergoes the typical chemical reactions of a carboxylic acid. Upon treatment with a standard base, it converts to metal acetate and water. With strong bases (e.g., organolithium reagents), it can be doubly deprotonated to give LiCH2CO2Li. Reduction of acetic acid gives ethanol. The OH group is the main site of reaction, as illustrated by the conversion of acetic acid to acetyl chloride. Other substitution derivatives include acetic anhydride; this anhydride is produced by loss of water from two molecules of acetic acid. Esters of acetic acid can likewise be formed via Fischer esterification, and amides can be formed. When heated above , acetic acid decomposes to produce carbon dioxide and methane, or to produce ketene and water:
Reactions with inorganic compounds.
Acetic acid is mildly corrosive to metals including iron, magnesium, and zinc, forming hydrogen gas and salts called acetates:
Because aluminium forms a passivating acid-resistant film of aluminium oxide, aluminium tanks are used to transport acetic acid. Metal acetates can also be prepared from acetic acid and an appropriate base, as in the popular "baking soda + vinegar" reaction:
A color reaction for salts of acetic acid is iron(III) chloride solution, which results in a deeply red color that disappears after acidification. A more sensitive test uses lanthanum nitrate with iodine and ammonia to give a blue solution. Acetates when heated with arsenic trioxide form cacodyl oxide, which can be detected by its malodorous vapors.
Biochemistry.
At physiological pHs, acetic acid is usually fully ionized to acetate. In biochemistry, acetate and acetic acid are equivalent.
The acetyl group, derived from acetic acid, is fundamental to all forms of life. When bound to coenzyme A, it is central to the metabolism of carbohydrates and fats. Unlike longer-chain carboxylic acids (the fatty acids), acetic acid does not occur in natural triglycerides. However, the artificial triglyceride triacetin (glycerine triacetate) is a common food additive and is found in cosmetics and topical medicines.
Acetic acid is produced and excreted by acetic acid bacteria, notable ones being the "Acetobacter" genus and "Clostridium acetobutylicum". These bacteria are found universally in foodstuffs, water, and soil, and acetic acid is produced naturally as fruits and other foods spoil. Acetic acid is also a component of the vaginal lubrication of humans and other primates, where it appears to serve as a mild antibacterial agent.
Production.
Acetic acid is produced industrially both synthetically and by bacterial fermentation. About 75% of acetic acid made for use in the chemical industry is made by the carbonylation of methanol, explained below. Alternative methods account for the rest. The biological route accounts for only about 10% of world production, but it remains important for the production of vinegar, as many food purity laws stipulate that vinegar used in foods must be of biological origin. As of 2003–2005, total worldwide production of virgin acetic acid was estimated at 5 Mt/a (million tonnes per year), approximately half of which was then produced in the United States. European production stood at approximately 1 Mt/a and was declining, and 0.7 Mt/a were produced in Japan. Another 1.5 Mt were recycled each year, bringing the total world market to 6.5 Mt/a. Since then the global production has increased to 10.7 Mt/a (in 2010), and further, however, slowing increase in production is predicted. The two biggest producers of virgin acetic acid are Celanese and BP Chemicals. Other major producers include Millennium Chemicals, Sterling Chemicals, Samsung, Eastman, and Svensk Etanolkemi.
Methanol carbonylation.
Most acetic acid is produced by methanol carbonylation. In this process, methanol and carbon monoxide react to produce acetic acid according to the equation:
The process involves iodomethane as an intermediate, and occurs in three steps. A catalyst, metal carbonyl, is needed for the carbonylation (step 2).
Two related processes for the carbonylation of methanol: the rhodium-catalyzed Monsanto process, and the iridium-catalyzed Cativa process. The latter process is greener and more efficient and has largely supplanted the former process, often in the same production plants. Catalytic amounts of water are used in both processes, but the Cativa process requires less, so the water-gas shift reaction is suppressed, and less byproducts are formed.
By altering the process conditions, acetic anhydride may also be produced on the same plant using the rhodium catalysts.
Acetaldehyde oxidation.
Prior to the commercialization of the Monsanto process, most acetic acid was produced by oxidation of acetaldehyde. This remains the second-most-important manufacturing method, although it is usually uncompetitive with the carbonylation of methanol.
The acetaldehyde may be produced via oxidation of butane or light naphtha, or by hydration of ethylene. When butane or light naphtha is heated with air in the presence of various metal ions, including those of manganese, cobalt, and chromium, peroxides form and then decompose to produce acetic acid according to the chemical equation
The typical reaction is conducted at temperatures and pressures designed to be as hot as possible while still keeping the butane a liquid. Typical reaction conditions are and 55 atm. Side-products may also form, including butanone, ethyl acetate, formic acid, and propionic acid. These side-products are also commercially valuable, and the reaction conditions may be altered to produce more of them where needed. However, the separation of acetic acid from these by-products adds to the cost of the process.
Under similar conditions and using similar catalysts as are used for butane oxidation, the oxygen in air to produce acetic acid can oxidize acetaldehyde.
Using modern catalysts, this reaction can have an acetic acid yield greater than 95%. The major side-products are ethyl acetate, formic acid, and formaldehyde, all of which have lower boiling points than acetic acid and are readily separated by distillation.
Ethylene oxidation.
Acetaldehyde may be prepared from ethylene via the Wacker process, and then oxidized as above. In more recent times, chemical company Showa Denko, which opened an ethylene oxidation plant in Ōita, Japan, in 1997, commercialized a cheaper single-stage conversion of ethylene to acetic acid. The process is catalyzed by a palladium metal catalyst supported on a heteropoly acid such as tungstosilicic acid. It is thought to be competitive with methanol carbonylation for smaller plants (100–250 kt/a), depending on the local price of ethylene.
The approach will be based on utilizing a novel selective photocatalytic oxidation technology for the selective oxidation of ethylene and ethane to acetic acid. Unlike traditional oxidation catalysts, the selective oxidation process will use UV light to produce acetic acid at ambient temperatures and pressure.
Oxidative fermentation.
For most of human history, acetic acid bacteria of the genus "Acetobacter" have made acetic acid, in the form of vinegar. Given sufficient oxygen, these bacteria can produce vinegar from a variety of alcoholic foodstuffs. Commonly used feeds include apple cider, wine, and fermented grain, malt, rice, or potato mashes. The overall chemical reaction facilitated by these bacteria is:
A dilute alcohol solution inoculated with "Acetobacter" and kept in a warm, airy place will become vinegar over the course of a few months. Industrial vinegar-making methods accelerate this process by improving the supply of oxygen to the bacteria.
The first batches of vinegar produced by fermentation probably followed errors in the winemaking process. If must is fermented at too high a temperature, acetobacter will overwhelm the yeast naturally occurring on the grapes. As the demand for vinegar for culinary, medical, and sanitary purposes increased, vintners quickly learned to use other organic materials to produce vinegar in the hot summer months before the grapes were ripe and ready for processing into wine. This method was slow, however, and not always successful, as the vintners did not understand the process.
One of the first modern commercial processes was the "fast method" or "German method", first practised in Germany in 1823. In this process, fermentation takes place in a tower packed with wood shavings or charcoal. The alcohol-containing feed is trickled into the top of the tower, and fresh air supplied from the bottom by either natural or forced convection. The improved air supply in this process cut the time to prepare vinegar from months to weeks.
Nowadays, most vinegar is made in submerged tank culture, first described in 1949 by Otto Hromatka and Heinrich Ebner. In this method, alcohol is fermented to vinegar in a continuously stirred tank, and oxygen is supplied by bubbling air through the solution. Using modern applications of this method, vinegar of 15% acetic acid can be prepared in only 24 hours in batch process, even 20% in 60-hour fed-batch process.
The oxygen supply should be kept optimum. Lack of O2 will kill the bacteria because they are extremely sensitive to overcome this problem hence we have to use efficient aeration. Efficient aeration can be achieved with the used of compressed air and proper mechanical device. Consider shear stress imparted to the fluid and the microorganisms. The efficiency depends on the ratio between the energy inputs necessary per unit weight of O2 transferred to the culture.
When there is over-oxidation, acetic acid will convert to CO2 and H2O, this will decrease acetic acid production. Acetic acid concentrations above 6% of the total culture and avoiding the total depletion of ethanol will prevent overoxidization.
Anaerobic fermentation.
Species of anaerobic bacteria, including members of the genus "Clostridium" or "Acetobacterium" can convert sugars to acetic acid directly, without using ethanol as an intermediate. The overall chemical reaction conducted by these bacteria may be represented as:
These acetogenic bacteria produce acetic acid from one-carbon compounds, including methanol, carbon monoxide, or a mixture of carbon dioxide and hydrogen:
This ability of "Clostridium" to utilize sugars directly, or to produce acetic acid from less costly inputs, means that these bacteria could potentially produce acetic acid more efficiently than ethanol-oxidizers like "Acetobacter". However, "Clostridium" bacteria are less acid-tolerant than "Acetobacter". Even the most acid-tolerant "Clostridium" strains can produce vinegar of only a few per cent acetic acid, compared to "Acetobacter" strains that can produce vinegar of up to 20% acetic acid. At present, it remains more cost-effective to produce vinegar using "Acetobacter" than to produce it using "Clostridium" and then concentrate it. As a result, although acetogenic bacteria have been known since 1940, their industrial use remains confined to a few niche applications.
Uses.
Acetic acid is a chemical reagent for the production of chemical compounds. The largest single use of acetic acid is in the production of vinyl acetate monomer, closely followed by acetic anhydride and ester production. The volume of acetic acid used in vinegar is comparatively small.
Vinyl acetate monomer.
The major use of acetic acid is for the production of vinyl acetate monomer (VAM). In 2008, this application was estimated to consume one third of the world's production of acetic acid. The reaction is of ethylene and acetic acid with oxygen over a palladium catalyst, conducted in the gas phase.
Vinyl acetate can be polymerized to polyvinyl acetate or to other polymers, which are components in paints and adhesives.
Ester production.
The major esters of acetic acid are commonly used solvents for inks, paints and coatings. The esters include ethyl acetate, n-butyl acetate, isobutyl acetate, and propyl acetate. They are typically produced by catalyzed reaction from acetic acid and the corresponding alcohol:
Most acetate esters, however, are produced from acetaldehyde using the Tishchenko reaction. In addition, ether acetates are used as solvents for nitrocellulose, acrylic lacquers, varnish removers, and wood stains. First, glycol monoethers are produced from ethylene oxide or propylene oxide with alcohol, which are then esterified with acetic acid. The three major products are ethylene glycol monoethyl ether acetate (EEA), ethylene glycol monobutyl ether acetate (EBA), and propylene glycol monomethyl ether acetate (PMA, more commonly known as PGMEA in semiconductor manufacturing processes, where it is used as a resist solvent). This application consumes about 15% to 20% of worldwide acetic acid. Ether acetates, for example EEA, have been shown to be harmful to human reproduction.
Acetic anhydride.
The product of the condensation of two molecules of acetic acid is acetic anhydride. The worldwide production of acetic anhydride is a major application, and uses approximately 25% to 30% of the global production of acetic acid. The main process involves dehydration of acetic acid to give ketene at 700-750 °C. Ketene is thereafter reacted with acetic acid to obtain the anhydride:
Acetic anhydride is an acetylation agent. As such, its major application is for cellulose acetate, a synthetic textile also used for photographic film. Acetic anhydride is also a reagent for the production of heroin and other compounds.
Use as solvent.
Glacial acetic acid is an excellent polar protic solvent, as noted above. It is frequently used as a solvent for recrystallization to purify organic compounds. Acetic acid is used as a solvent in the production of terephthalic acid (TPA), the raw material for polyethylene terephthalate (PET). In 2006, about 20% of acetic acid was used for TPA production.
Acetic acid is often used as a solvent for reactions involving carbocations, such as Friedel-Crafts alkylation. For example, one stage in the commercial manufacture of synthetic camphor involves a Wagner-Meerwein rearrangement of camphene to isobornyl acetate; here acetic acid acts both as a solvent and as a nucleophile to trap the rearranged carbocation.
Glacial acetic acid is used in analytical chemistry for the estimation of weakly alkaline substances such as organic amides. Glacial acetic acid is a much weaker base than water, so the amide behaves as a strong base in this medium. It then can be titrated using a solution in glacial acetic acid of a very strong acid, such as perchloric acid.
Medical use.
Diluted acetic acid is used in physical therapy using iontophoresis.
Vinegar.
Vinegar is typically 4-18% acetic acid by mass. Vinegar is used directly as a condiment, and in the pickling of vegetables and other foods. Table vinegar tends to be more diluted (4% to 8% acetic acid), while commercial food pickling employs solutions that are more concentrated. The amount of acetic acid used as vinegar on a worldwide scale is not large, but is by far the oldest and best-known application.
Other derivatives.
Organic or inorganic salts are produced from acetic acid, including:
Substituted acetic acids produced include:
Amounts of acetic acid used in these other applications together (apart from TPA) account for another 5–10% of acetic acid use worldwide. These applications are, however, not expected to grow as much as TPA production.
Health effects and Safety.
Concentrated acetic acid is corrosive to skin and must, therefore, be handled with appropriate care, since it can cause skin burns, permanent eye damage, and irritation to the mucous membranes. These burns or blisters may not appear until hours after exposure. Latex gloves offer no protection, so specially resistant gloves, such as those made of nitrile rubber, are worn when handling the compound. Concentrated acetic acid can be ignited with difficulty in the laboratory. It becomes a flammable risk if the ambient temperature exceeds , and can form explosive mixtures with air above this temperature (explosive limits: 5.4–16%).
Acetic acid is a strong eye, skin, and mucous membrane irritant. Prolonged skin contact with glacial acetic acid may result in tissue destruction. Inhalation exposure (8 hours) to acetic acid vapours at 10 ppm could produce some irritation of eyes, nose, and throat; at 100 ppm marked lung irritation and possible damage to lungs, eyes, and skin might result. Vapour concentrations of 1,000 ppm cause marked irritation of eyes, nose and upper respiratory tract and cannot be tolerated. These predictions were based on animal experiments and industrial exposure. Skin sensitization to acetic acid is rare, but has occurred. 
It has been reported that, 12 workers exposed for two or more years to an estimated mean acetic acid airborne concentration of 51 ppm, there were symptoms of conjunctive irritation, upper respiratory tract irritation, and hyperkeratotic dermatitis. Exposure to 50 ppm or more is intolerable to most persons and results in intensive lacrimation and irritation of the eyes, nose, and throat, with pharyngeal oedema and chronic bronchitis. Un acclimatized humans experience extreme eye and nasal irritation at concentrations in excess of 25 ppm, and conjunctivitis from concentrations below 10 ppm has been reported. In a study of 5 workers exposed for 7 to 12 years to concentrations of 80 to 200 ppm at peaks, the principal findings were blackening and hyperkeratosis of the skin of the hands, conjunctivitis (but no corneal damage), bronchitis and pharyngitis, and erosion of the exposed teeth (incisors and canines).
The hazards of solutions of acetic acid depend on the concentration; solutions of 10-25 w/. The following table lists the EU classification of acetic acid solutions:
Solutions at more than 25% acetic acid are handled in a fume hood because of the pungent, corrosive vapor. Dilute acetic acid, in the form of vinegar, is harmless. However, ingestion of stronger solutions is dangerous to human and animal life. It can cause severe damage to the digestive system, and a potentially lethal change in the acidity of the blood.
Due to incompatibilities, it is recommended to keep acetic acid away from chromic acid, ethylene glycol, nitric acid, perchloric acid, permanganates, peroxides and hydroxyls.

</doc>
<doc id="19916595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916595" title="Łukoszyn">
Łukoszyn

Łukoszyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916597" title="Łukoszyno-Biki">
Łukoszyno-Biki

Łukoszyno-Biki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 110.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916598" title="Malanówko">
Malanówko

Malanówko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Mochowo, south-west of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916599" title="Malanowo Nowe">
Malanowo Nowe

Malanowo Nowe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Mochowo, south-west of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916601" title="Malanowo Stare">
Malanowo Stare

Malanowo Stare is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Mochowo, southwest of Sierpc, and northwest of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916602" title="Mochowo">
Mochowo

Mochowo is a village in Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Mochowo. It lies approximately south-west of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 310.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916604" title="Mochowo-Dobrzenice">
Mochowo-Dobrzenice

Mochowo-Dobrzenice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916605" title="Mochowo-Parcele">
Mochowo-Parcele

Mochowo-Parcele is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916606" title="Myszki">
Myszki

Myszki may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19916607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916607" title="Myszki, Masovian Voivodeship">
Myszki, Masovian Voivodeship

Myszki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916610" title="Obręb, Sierpc County">
Obręb, Sierpc County

Obręb is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Mochowo, south-west of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916611" title="Osiek, Gmina Mochowo">
Osiek, Gmina Mochowo

Osiek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916613" title="Radical (chemistry)">
Radical (chemistry)

In chemistry, a radical (more precisely, a free radical) is an atom, molecule, or ion that has unpaired valence electrons or an open electron shell, and therefore may be seen as having one or more "dangling" covalent bonds.
With some exceptions, these "dangling" bonds make free radicals highly chemically reactive towards other substances, or even towards themselves: their molecules will often spontaneously dimerize or polymerize if they come in contact with each other. Most radicals are reasonably stable only at very low concentrations in inert media or in vacuum.
A notable example of a free radical is the hydroxyl radical (HO•), a molecule that is one hydrogen atom short of a water molecule and thus has one bond "dangling" from the oxygen. Two other examples are the carbene molecule (:), which has two dangling bonds; and the superoxide anion (•), the oxygen molecule with one extra electron, which has one dangling bond. On the other hand, the hydroxyl anion (), the oxide anion () and the carbenium cation () are not radicals, since the bonds that may appear to be dangling are in fact resolved by the addition or removal of electrons.
Free radicals may be created in a number of ways, including synthesis with very dilute or rarefied reagents, reactions at very low temperatures, or breakup of larger molecules. The latter can be affected by any process that puts enough energy into the parent molecule, such as ionizing radiation, heat, electrical discharges, electrolysis, and chemical reactions. Indeed, radicals are intermediate stages in many chemical reactions.
Free radicals play an important role in combustion, atmospheric chemistry, polymerization, plasma chemistry, biochemistry, and many other chemical processes. In living organisms, the free radicals superoxide and nitric oxide and their reaction products regulate many processes, such as control of vascular tone and thus blood pressure. They also play a key role in the intermediary metabolism of various biological compounds. Such radicals can even be messengers in a process dubbed redox signaling. A radical may be trapped within a "solvent cage" or be otherwise bound.
Until late in the 20th century the word "radical" was used in chemistry to indicate any connected group of atoms, such as a methyl group or a carboxyl, whether it was part of a larger molecule or a molecule on its own. The qualifier "free" was then needed to specify the unbound case. Following recent nomenclature revisions, a part of a larger molecule is now called a functional group or substituent, and "radical" now implies "free". However, the old nomenclature may still occur in the literature.
History.
The first organic free radical identified was triphenylmethyl radical. This species was discovered by Moses Gomberg in 1900 at the University of Michigan USA.
Historically, the term "radical" in radical theory was also used for bound parts of the molecule, especially when they remain unchanged in reactions. These are now called functional groups. For example, methyl alcohol was described as consisting of a methyl "radical" and a hydroxyl "radical". Neither are radicals in the modern chemical sense, as they are permanently bound to each other, and have no unpaired, reactive electrons; however, they can be observed as radicals in mass spectrometry when broken apart by irradiation with energetic electrons.
Depiction in chemical reactions.
In chemical equations, free radicals are frequently denoted by a dot placed immediately to the right of the atomic symbol or molecular formula as follows:
Radical reaction mechanisms use single-headed arrows to depict the movement of single electrons:
The homolytic cleavage of the breaking bond is drawn with a 'fish-hook' arrow to distinguish from the usual movement of two electrons depicted by a standard curly arrow. It should be noted that the second electron of the breaking bond also moves to pair up with the attacking radical electron; this is not explicitly indicated in this case.
Free radicals also take part in radical addition and radical substitution as reactive intermediates. Chain reactions involving free radicals can usually be divided into three distinct processes. These are "initiation", "propagation", and "termination".
Formation.
The formation of radicals may involve breaking of covalent bonds homolytically, a process that requires significant amounts of energy. For example, splitting H2 into 2H· has a Δ"H"° of +435 kJ/mol, and Cl2 into 2Cl· has a Δ"H"° of +243 kJ/mol. This is known as the homolytic bond dissociation energy, and is usually abbreviated as the symbol Δ"H"°. The bond energy between two covalently bonded atoms is affected by the structure of the molecule as a whole, not just the identity of the two atoms. Likewise, radicals requiring more energy to form are less stable than those requiring less energy. Homolytic bond cleavage most often happens between two atoms of similar electronegativity. In organic chemistry this is often the O-O bond in peroxide species or O-N bonds. Sometimes radical formation is spin-forbidden, presenting an additional barrier.
However, propagation is a very exothermic reaction. Likewise, although radical ions do exist, most species are electrically neutral.
Radicals may also be formed by single electron oxidation or reduction of an atom or molecule. An example is the production of superoxide by the electron transport chain. Early studies of organometallic chemistry, especially tetra-alkyl lead species by F.A. Paneth and K. Hahnfeld in the 1930s supported heterolytic fission of bonds and a radical based mechanism.
Persistence and stability.
Although radicals are generally short-lived due to their reactivity, there are long-lived radicals. These are categorized as follows:
The prime example of a stable radical is molecular dioxygen (O2). Another common example is nitric oxide (NO). Organic radicals can be long lived if they occur in a conjugated π system, such as the radical derived from α-tocopherol (vitamin E). There are also hundreds of examples of thiazyl radicals, which show low reactivity and remarkable thermodynamic stability with only a very limited extent of π resonance stabilization.
Persistent radical compounds are those whose longevity is due to steric crowding around the radical center, which makes it physically difficult for the radical to react with another molecule. Examples of these include Gomberg's triphenylmethyl radical, Fremy's salt (Potassium nitrosodisulfonate, (KSO3)2NO·), nitroxides, (general formula R2NO·) such as TEMPO, TEMPOL, nitronyl nitroxides, and azephenylenyls and radicals derived from PTM (perchlorophenylmethyl radical) and TTM (tris(2,4,6-trichlorophenyl)methyl radical). Persistent radicals are generated in great quantity during combustion, and "may be responsible for the oxidative stress resulting in cardiopulmonary disease and probably cancer that has been attributed to exposure to airborne fine particles."
Diradicals are molecules containing two radical centers. Multiple radical centers can exist in a molecule. Atmospheric oxygen naturally exists as a diradical in its ground state as triplet oxygen. The low reactivity of atmospheric oxygen is due to its diradical state. Non-radical states of dioxygen are actually less stable than the diradical. The relative stability of the oxygen diradical is primarily due to the spin-forbidden nature of the triplet-singlet transition required for it to grab electrons, i.e., "oxidize". The diradical state of oxygen also results in its paramagnetic character, which is demonstrated by its attraction to an external magnet.
Reactivity.
Radical alkyl intermediates are stabilized by similar physical processes to carbocations: as a general rule, the more substituted the radical center is, the more stable it is. This directs their reactions. Thus, formation of a tertiary radical (R3C·) is favored over secondary (R2HC·), which is favored over primary (RH2C·). Likewise, radicals next to functional groups such as carbonyl, nitrile, and ether are more stable than tertiary alkyl radicals.
Radicals attack double bonds. However, unlike similar ions, such radical reactions are not as much directed by electrostatic interactions. For example, the reactivity of nucleophilic ions with α,β-unsaturated compounds (C=C–C=O) is directed by the electron-withdrawing effect of the oxygen, resulting in a partial positive charge on the carbonyl carbon. There are two reactions that are observed in the ionic case: the carbonyl is attacked in a direct addition to carbonyl, or the vinyl is attacked in conjugate addition, and in either case, the charge on the nucleophile is taken by the oxygen. Radicals add rapidly to the double bond, and the resulting α-radical carbonyl is relatively stable; it can couple with another molecule or be oxidized. Nonetheless, the electrophilic/neutrophilic character of radicals has been shown in a variety of instances. One example is the alternating tendency of the copolymerization of maleic anhydride (electrophilic) and styrene (slightly nucleophilic).
In intramolecular reactions, precise control can be achieved despite the extreme reactivity of radicals. In general, radicals attack the closest reactive site the most readily. Therefore, when there is a choice, a preference for five-membered rings is observed: four-membered rings are too strained, and collisions with carbons six or more atoms away in the chain are infrequent.
Carbenes and nitrenes, which are diradicals, have distinctive chemistry.
Combustion.
Probably the most familiar free-radical reaction for most people is combustion. The oxygen molecule is a stable diradical, best represented by ·O-O·. Because spins of the electrons are parallel, this molecule is stable. While the ground state of oxygen is this unreactive spin-unpaired (triplet) diradical, an extremely reactive spin-paired (singlet) state is available. For combustion to occur, the energy barrier between these must be overcome. This barrier can be overcome by heat, requiring high temperatures. The triplet-singlet transition is also "forbidden". This presents an additional barrier to the reaction. It also means molecular oxygen is relatively unreactive at room temperature except in the presence of a catalytic heavy atom such as iron or copper.
Combustion consists of various radical chain reactions that the singlet radical can initiate. The flammability of a given material strongly depends on the concentration of free radicals that must be obtained before initiation and propagation reactions dominate leading to combustion of the material. Once the combustible material has been consumed, termination reactions again dominate and the flame dies out. As indicated, promotion of propagation or termination reactions alters flammability. For example, because lead itself deactivates free radicals in the gasoline-air mixture, tetraethyl lead was once commonly added to gasoline. This prevents the combustion from initiating in an uncontrolled manner or in unburnt residues (engine knocking) or premature ignition (preignition).
When a hydrocarbon is burned, a large number of different oxygen radicals are involved. Initially, hydroperoxyl radical (HOO·) are formed. These then react further to give organic hydroperoxides that break up into hydroxyl radicals (HO·).
Polymerization.
In addition to combustion, many polymerization reactions involve free radicals. As a result many plastics, enamels, and other polymers are formed through radical polymerization. For instance, drying oils and alkyd paints harden due to radical crosslinking by oxygen from the atmosphere.
Recent advances in radical polymerization methods, known as living radical polymerization, include:
These methods produce polymers with a much narrower distribution of molecular weights.
Atmospheric radicals.
The most common radical in the lower atmosphere is molecular dioxygen. Photodissociation of source molecules produces other free radicals. In the lower atmosphere, the most important examples of free radical production are the photodissociation of nitrogen dioxide to give an oxygen atom and nitric oxide (see eq. 1 below), which plays a key role in smog formation—and the photodissociation of ozone to give the excited oxygen atom O(1D) (see eq. 2 below). The net and return reactions are also shown (eq. 3 and 4, respectively).
formula_2
formula_3
formula_4
formula_5
In the upper atmosphere, a particularly important source of radicals is the photodissociation of normally unreactive chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs) by solar ultraviolet radiation, or by reactions with other stratospheric constituents (see eq. 1 below). These reactions give off the chlorine radical, Cl•, which reacts with ozone in a catalytic chain reaction ending in Ozone depletion and regeneration of the chlorine radical, allowing it to reparticipate in the reaction (see eq. 2–4 below). Such reactions are believed to be the primary cause of depletion of the ozone layer (the net result is shown in eq. 5 below), and this is why the use of chlorofluorocarbons as refrigerants has been restricted.
formula_6
formula_7
formula_8
formula_9
formula_10
In biology.
Free radicals play an important role in a number of biological processes. Many of these are necessary for life, such as the intracellular killing of bacteria by phagocytic cells such as granulocytes and macrophages. Researchers have also implicated free radicals in certain cell signalling processes, known as redox signaling.
The two most important oxygen-centered free radicals are superoxide and hydroxyl radical. They derive from molecular oxygen under reducing conditions. However, because of their reactivity, these same free radicals can participate in unwanted side reactions resulting in cell damage. Excessive amounts of these free radicals can lead to cell injury and death, which may contribute to many diseases such as cancer, stroke, myocardial infarction, diabetes and major disorders. Many forms of cancer are thought to be the result of reactions between free radicals and DNA, potentially resulting in mutations that can adversely affect the cell cycle and potentially lead to malignancy. Some of the symptoms of aging such as atherosclerosis are also attributed to free-radical induced oxidation of cholesterol to 7-ketocholesterol. In addition free radicals contribute to alcohol-induced liver damage, perhaps more than alcohol itself. Free radicals produced by cigarette smoke are implicated in inactivation of alpha 1-antitrypsin in the lung. This process promotes the development of emphysema.
Free radicals may also be involved in Parkinson's disease, senile and drug-induced deafness, schizophrenia, and Alzheimer's. The classic free-radical syndrome, the iron-storage disease hemochromatosis, is typically associated with a constellation of free-radical-related symptoms including movement disorder, psychosis, skin pigmentary melanin abnormalities, deafness, arthritis, and diabetes mellitus. The free-radical theory of aging proposes that free radicals underlie the aging process itself. Similarly, the process of mitohormesis suggests that repeated exposure to free radicals may extend life span.
Because free radicals are necessary for life, the body has a number of mechanisms to minimize free-radical-induced damage and to repair damage that occurs, such as the enzymes superoxide dismutase, catalase, glutathione peroxidase and glutathione reductase. In addition, antioxidants play a key role in these defense mechanisms. These are often the three vitamins, vitamin A, vitamin C and vitamin E and polyphenol antioxidants. Further, there is good evidence bilirubin and uric acid can act as antioxidants to help neutralize certain free radicals. Bilirubin comes from the breakdown of red blood cells' contents, while uric acid is a breakdown product of purines. Too much bilirubin, though, can lead to jaundice, which could eventually damage the central nervous system, while too much uric acid causes gout.
Reactive oxygen species.
Reactive oxygen species or ROSs are species such as superoxide, hydrogen peroxide, and hydroxyl radical and are associated with cell damage. ROSs form as a natural by-product of the normal metabolism of oxygen and have important roles in cell signaling.
Loose definition of radicals.
In most fields of chemistry, the historical definition of radicals contends that the molecules have nonzero spin. However in fields including spectroscopy, chemical reaction, and astrochemistry, the definition is slightly different. Gerhard Herzberg, who won the Nobel prize for his research into the electron structure and geometry of radicals, suggested a looser definition of free radicals: "any transient (chemically unstable) species (atom, molecule, or ion)". The main point of his suggestion is that there are many chemically unstable molecules that have zero spin, such as C2, C3, CH2 and so on. This definition is more convenient for discussions of transient chemical processes and astrochemistry; therefore researchers in these fields prefer to use this loose definition.
Diagnostics.
Free radical diagnostic techniques include:

</doc>
<doc id="19916614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916614" title="Rokicie, Sierpc County">
Rokicie, Sierpc County

Rokicie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Mochowo, west of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916615" title="Electron shell">
Electron shell

In chemistry and atomic physics, an electron shell, also called a principal energy level may be thought of as an orbit followed by electrons around an atom's nucleus. The closest shell to the nucleus is called the " shell" (also called "K shell"), followed by the " shell" (or "L shell"), then the " shell" (or "M shell"), and so on farther and farther from the nucleus. The shells correspond with the principal quantum numbers ("n" = 1, 2, 3, 4 ...) or are labeled alphabetically with letters used in the X-ray notation (K, L, M, …).
Each shell can contain only a fixed number of electrons: The 1st shell can hold up to two electrons, the 2nd shell can hold up to eight (2 + 6) electrons, the 3rd shell can hold up to 18 (2 + 6 + 10) and so on. The general formula is that the "n"th shell can in principle hold up to 2"n"2 electrons. Since electrons are electrically attracted to the nucleus, an atom's electrons will generally occupy outer shells only if the more inner shells have already been completely filled by other electrons. However, this is not a strict requirement: Atoms may have two or even three incomplete outer shells. (See Madelung rule for more details.) For an explanation of why electrons exist in these shells see electron configuration.
The electrons in the outermost occupied shell (or shells) determine the chemical properties of the atom; it is called the "valence shell".
Each shell consists of one or more "subshells", and each subshell consists of one or more atomic orbitals.
History.
The shell terminology comes from Arnold Sommerfeld's modification of the Bohr model. Sommerfeld retained Bohr's planetary model, but added mildly elliptical orbits (characterized by additional quantum numbers "" and "m") to explain the fine spectroscopic structure of some elements. The multiple electrons with the same principal quantum number ("n") had close orbits that formed a "shell" of positive thickness instead of the infinitely thin circular orbit of Bohr's model.
The existence of electron shells was first observed experimentally in Charles Barkla's and Henry Moseley's X-ray absorption studies. Barkla labeled them with the letters K, L, M, N, O, P, and Q. The origin of this terminology was alphabetic. A "J" series was also suspected, though later experiments indicated that the K absorption lines are produced by the innermost electrons. These letters were later found to correspond to the "n" values 1, 2, 3, etc. They are used in the spectroscopic Siegbahn notation.
The physical chemist Gilbert Lewis was responsible for much of the early development of the theory of the participation of valence shell electrons in chemical bonding. Linus Pauling later generalized and extended the theory while applying insights from quantum mechanics.
Shells.
The electron shells are labeled K, L, M, N, O, P, and Q; or 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, and 7; going from innermost shell outwards. Electrons in outer shells have higher average energy and travel farther from the nucleus than those in inner shells. This makes them more important in determining how the atom reacts chemically and behaves as a conductor, because the pull of the atom's nucleus upon them is weaker and more easily broken. In this way, a given element's reactivity is highly dependent upon its electronic configuration.
Subshells.
Each shell is composed of one or more subshells, which are themselves composed of atomic orbitals. For example, the first (K) shell has one subshell, called ; the second (L) shell has two subshells, called and ; the third shell has , , and ; the fourth shell has , , and ; the fifth shell has , , , and and can theoretically hold more but the subshell, although occupied in actinides, is not filled in any element occurring naturally. The various possible subshells are shown in the following table:
Although it is commonly stated that all the electrons in a shell have the same energy, this is an approximation. However, the electrons in one "subshell" do have exactly the same level of energy, with later subshells having more energy per electron than earlier ones. This effect is great enough that the energy ranges associated with shells can overlap (see Valence shells and Aufbau principle).
Number of electrons in each shell.
Each subshell is constrained to hold electrons at most, namely:
Therefore, the K shell, which contains only an subshell, can hold up to 2 electrons; the L shell, which contains an and a , can hold up to 2 + 6 = 8 electrons, and so forth; that's why "n"th shell can hold up to 2"n"2 electrons.
Although that formula gives the maximum in principle, in fact that maximum is only "achieved" (by known elements) for the first four shells (K, L, M, N). No known element has more than 32 electrons in any one shell. This is because the subshells are filled according to the Aufbau principle. The first elements to have more than 32 electrons in one shell would belong to the g-block of period 8 of the periodic table. These elements would have some electrons in their subshell and thus have more than 32 electrons in the O shell (fifth principal shell).
Valence shells.
The valence shell is the outermost shell of an atom. It is usually (and misleadingly) said that the electrons in this shell make up its valence electrons, that is, the electrons that determine how the atom behaves in chemical reactions. Just as atoms with complete valence shells (noble gases) are the most chemically non-reactive, those with only one electron in their valence shells (alkali metals) or just missing one electron from having a complete shell (halogens) are the most reactive.
However, this is a simplification of the truth. The electrons that determine how an atom reacts chemically are those that travel farthest from the nucleus, that is, those with the highest energy. For the transition elements, the partially filled ("n" − 1) energy level is very close in energy to the "n" level and hence the electrons in transition metals behave as valence electrons although they are not in the so-called valence shell.
List of elements with electrons per shell.
The list below gives the elements arranged by increasing atomic number and shows the number of electrons per shell. At a glance, one can see that subsets of the list show obvious patterns. In particular, the seven elements (in ) before a noble gas (group 18, in ) higher than helium have the number of electrons in the valence shell in arithmetic progression. (However, this pattern may break down in the seventh period due to relativistic effects.)
Sorting the table by chemical group shows additional patterns, especially with respect to the last two outermost shells. (Elements 57 to 71 belong to the lanthanides, while 89 to 103 are the actinides.)
The list below is primarily consistent with the Aufbau principle. However, there are a number of exceptions to the rule; for example palladium (atomic number 46) has no electrons in the fifth shell, unlike other atoms with "lower" atomic number. Some entries in the table are uncertain, when experimental data is unavailable. (For example, some atoms have such short half-life that it is impossible to measure their electron configurations).

</doc>
<doc id="19916616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916616" title="Romatowo">
Romatowo

Romatowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916619" title="Śniechy">
Śniechy

Śniechy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916621" title="Sulkowo Rzeczne">
Sulkowo Rzeczne

Sulkowo Rzeczne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916622" title="Sulkowo-Bariany">
Sulkowo-Bariany

Sulkowo-Bariany is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 45.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916623" title="Żabiki">
Żabiki

Żabiki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916624" title="Załszyn">
Załszyn

Załszyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916625" title="Zglenice Duże">
Zglenice Duże

Zglenice Duże is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916626" title="Zglenice Małe">
Zglenice Małe

Zglenice Małe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916627" title="Zglenice-Budy">
Zglenice-Budy

Zglenice-Budy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916628" title="Żółtowo">
Żółtowo

Żółtowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916629" title="Żuki, Masovian Voivodeship">
Żuki, Masovian Voivodeship

Żuki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916632" title="Żurawin, Masovian Voivodeship">
Żurawin, Masovian Voivodeship

Żurawin is a village in east-central Poland, in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship. It lies approximately north-west of Mochowo, south-west of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916633" title="Żurawinek">
Żurawinek

Żurawinek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mochowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916641" title="Babiec Piaseczny">
Babiec Piaseczny

Babiec Piaseczny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rościszewo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916642" title="Babiec Rżały">
Babiec Rżały

Babiec Rżały is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rościszewo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916644" title="Babiec-Więczanki">
Babiec-Więczanki

Babiec-Więczanki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rościszewo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916646" title="Borowo, Sierpc County">
Borowo, Sierpc County

Borowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rościszewo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Rościszewo, north-east of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916649" title="Bryski, Masovian Voivodeship">
Bryski, Masovian Voivodeship

Bryski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rościszewo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Rościszewo, north of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916650" title="Komorowo, Sierpc County">
Komorowo, Sierpc County

Komorowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rościszewo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Rościszewo, north-east of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916652" title="Kownatka">
Kownatka

Kownatka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rościszewo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916653" title="Kuski">
Kuski

Kuski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rościszewo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Rościszewo, east of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916655" title="Fontana Rosa">
Fontana Rosa

Fontana Rosa is a Belle Époque French garden placed in Menton (Alpes-Maritimes).
The Spanish writer Vicente Blasco Ibáñez (1869-1928) began to build it from 1922 on, and he established there with his second wife, Elena, and died in 1928. 
This garden with Spain's and Menton's pottery is found in "avenue Blasco-Ibanez", near Garavan station, and was appointed Historical Monument in 1990. 
It is also called "Le Jardin des Romanciers" (El Jardín de los Novelistas/The Garden of Novelists), and was frequented by celebrities like Jean Cocteau. It was the place where Blasco Ibáñez wrote Mare Nostrum, a novel filmed later in 1926. 
The garden inspired by Andalusian and Arabian-Persian styles have species such as "Ficus macrophylla", "Araucaria heterophylla ", palm trees, banana trees or scented rosebushes. It is tribute for Vicente's favourite writers : Cervantes, Dickens, Shakespeare or Honoré de Balzac, whose busts can be found in the door of the propriety and to whom he dedicated several fountains and rotundas. 
Its main buildings are a little over-lifted villa with polychromatic pottery which hosts a library and a personal movie projector room, and a main house (Villa Emilia) in the low part of the propriety that dates from the 19th century. The architectonic complex has also an aquarium, a colonnade, a concrete pergola, pillars, flower vases, ceramic-panelled benches around the main house and a big rounded pergola by a long staircase in the middle of the propriety. 
After Blasco Ibáñez's death in this propriety, his son inherited it. In 1939, it was sacked during the war and later abandoned for more than thirty years. Blasco Ibáñez's son gave it to the commune of Menton in 1970. Since 1985, its buildings has been being restored and since 1991 its pottery. 
It can only be visited with the Patrimony Service. 

</doc>
<doc id="19916656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916656" title="Lipniki, Sierpc County">
Lipniki, Sierpc County

Lipniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rościszewo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Rościszewo, east of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916658" title="Łukomie, Masovian Voivodeship">
Łukomie, Masovian Voivodeship

Łukomie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rościszewo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916659" title="Łukomie-Kolonia">
Łukomie-Kolonia

Łukomie-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rościszewo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916661" title="Nowe Rościszewo">
Nowe Rościszewo

Nowe Rościszewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rościszewo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916664" title="Nowy Zamość">
Nowy Zamość

Nowy Zamość is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rościszewo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916665" title="Ostrów, Sierpc County">
Ostrów, Sierpc County

Ostrów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rościszewo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 70.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916668" title="Pianki, Masovian Voivodeship">
Pianki, Masovian Voivodeship

Pianki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rościszewo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916670" title="Polik, Sierpc County">
Polik, Sierpc County

Polik is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rościszewo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Rościszewo, north-east of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916671" title="Puszcza, Masovian Voivodeship">
Puszcza, Masovian Voivodeship

Puszcza is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rościszewo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916674" title="Rościszewo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Rościszewo, Masovian Voivodeship

Rościszewo is a village in Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Rościszewo. It lies approximately east of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916675" title="Rumunki-Chwały">
Rumunki-Chwały

Rumunki-Chwały is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rościszewo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916676" title="Rzeszotary-Chwały">
Rzeszotary-Chwały

Rzeszotary-Chwały is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rościszewo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916677" title="Rzeszotary-Gortaty">
Rzeszotary-Gortaty

Rzeszotary-Gortaty is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rościszewo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Rościszewo, east of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916679" title="Rzeszotary-Pszczele">
Rzeszotary-Pszczele

Rzeszotary-Pszczele is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rościszewo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 45.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916680" title="Rzeszotary-Stara Wieś">
Rzeszotary-Stara Wieś

Rzeszotary-Stara Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rościszewo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916681" title="Rzeszotary-Zawady">
Rzeszotary-Zawady

Rzeszotary-Zawady is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rościszewo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916683" title="Śniedzanowo">
Śniedzanowo

Śniedzanowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rościszewo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916685" title="Stopin">
Stopin

Stopin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rościszewo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916686" title="Hydrochloric acid">
Hydrochloric acid

Hydrochloric acid is a clear, colorless, highly pungent solution of hydrogen chloride (HCl) in water. It is a highly corrosive, strong mineral acid with many industrial uses. Hydrochloric acid is found naturally in gastric acid.
Historically called acidum salis, muriatic acid, and spirits of salt, hydrochloric acid was produced from vitriol (sulfuric acid) and common salt. Free hydrochloric acid was first formally described in the 16th century by Libavius. Later, it was used by chemists such as Glauber, Priestley and Davy in their scientific research.
With major production starting in the Industrial Revolution, hydrochloric acid is used in the chemical industry as a chemical reagent in the large-scale production of vinyl chloride for PVC plastic, and MDI/TDI for polyurethane. It has numerous smaller-scale applications, including household cleaning, production of gelatin and other food additives, descaling, and leather processing. About 20 million tonnes of hydrochloric acid are produced worldwide annually.
Etymology.
Hydrochloric acid was known to European alchemists as "spirits of salt" or "acidum salis" (salt acid). Both names are still used, especially in non-English languages, such as , , and . Gaseous HCl was called "marine acid air". The old (pre-systematic) name "muriatic acid" has the same origin ("muriatic" means "pertaining to brine or salt"), and this name is still sometimes used.
History.
Aqua regia, a mixture consisting of hydrochloric acid and nitric acid, prepared by dissolving sal ammoniac in nitric acid, was described in the works of Pseudo-Geber, the 13th-century European alchemist. Other references suggest that the first mention of aqua regia is in Byzantine manuscripts dating to the end of the thirteenth century.
Free hydrochloric acid was first formally described in the 16th century by Libavius, who prepared it by heating salt in clay crucibles. Other authors claim that pure hydrochloric acid was first discovered by the German benedictine monk Basil Valentine in the 15th century, by heating common salt and green vitriol, whereas others claim that there is no clear reference to the preparation of pure hydrochloric acid until the end of the sixteenth century.
In the seventeenth century, Johann Rudolf Glauber from Karlstadt am Main, Germany used sodium chloride salt and sulfuric acid for the preparation of sodium sulfate in the Mannheim process, releasing hydrogen chloride gas. Joseph Priestley of Leeds, England prepared pure hydrogen chloride in 1772, and in 1818 Humphry Davy of Penzance, England proved that the chemical composition included hydrogen and chlorine.
During the Industrial Revolution in Europe, demand for alkaline substances increased. A new industrial process by Nicolas Leblanc (Issoundun, France) enabled cheap large-scale production of sodium carbonate (soda ash). In this Leblanc process, common salt is converted to soda ash, using sulfuric acid, limestone, and coal, releasing hydrogen chloride as a by-product. Until the British Alkali Act 1863 and similar legislation in other countries, the excess HCl was vented to air. After the passage of the act, soda ash producers were obliged to absorb the waste gas in water, producing hydrochloric acid on an industrial scale.
In the twentieth century, the Leblanc process was effectively replaced by the Solvay process without a hydrochloric acid by-product. Since hydrochloric acid was already fully settled as an important chemical in numerous applications, the commercial interest initiated other production methods, some of which are still used today. After the year 2000, hydrochloric acid is mostly made by absorbing by-product hydrogen chloride from industrial organic compounds production.
Since 1988, hydrochloric acid has been listed as a Table II precursor under the 1988 United Nations Convention Against Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances because of its use in the production of heroin, cocaine, and methamphetamine.
Chemical properties and reactions.
Hydrogen chloride (HCl) is a monoprotic acid, which means it can dissociate ("i.e.," ionize) only once to give up one H+ ion (a single proton). In aqueous hydrochloric acid, the H+ joins a water molecule to form a hydronium ion, H3O+:
The other ion formed is Cl−, the chloride ion. Hydrochloric acid can therefore be used to prepare salts called "chlorides", such as sodium chloride. Hydrochloric acid is a strong acid, since it is essentially completely dissociated in water.
Monoprotic acids have one acid dissociation constant, "K"a, which indicates the level of dissociation in water. For a strong acid like HCl, the "K"a is large. Theoretical attempts to assign a "K"a to HCl have been made. When chloride salts such as NaCl are added to aqueous HCl they have practically no effect on pH, indicating that Cl− is an exceedingly weak conjugate base and that HCl is fully dissociated in aqueous solution. For intermediate to strong solutions of hydrochloric acid, the assumption that H+ molarity (a unit of concentration) equals HCl molarity is excellent, agreeing to four significant digits.
Of the six common strong mineral acids in chemistry, hydrochloric acid is the monoprotic acid least likely to undergo an interfering oxidation-reduction reaction. It is one of the least hazardous strong acids to handle; despite its acidity, it consists of the non-reactive and non-toxic chloride ion. Intermediate-strength hydrochloric acid solutions are quite stable upon storage, maintaining their concentrations over time. These attributes, plus the fact that it is available as a pure reagent, make hydrochloric acid an excellent acidifying reagent.
Hydrochloric acid is the preferred acid in titration for determining the amount of bases. Strong acid titrants give more precise results due to a more distinct endpoint. Azeotropic or "constant-boiling" hydrochloric acid (roughly 20.2%) can be used as a primary standard in quantitative analysis, although its exact concentration depends on the atmospheric pressure when it is prepared.
Hydrochloric acid is frequently used in chemical analysis to prepare ("digest") samples for analysis. Concentrated hydrochloric acid dissolves many metals and forms oxidized metal chlorides and hydrogen gas, and it reacts with basic compounds such as calcium carbonate or copper(II) oxide, forming the dissolved chlorides that can be analyzed.
Physical properties.
Physical properties of hydrochloric acid, such as boiling and melting points, density, and pH, depend on the concentration or molarity of HCl in the aqueous solution. They range from those of water at very low concentrations approaching 0% HCl to values for fuming hydrochloric acid at over 40% HCl.
Hydrochloric acid as the binary (two-component) mixture of HCl and H2O has a constant-boiling azeotrope at 20.2% HCl and 108.6 °C (227 °F). There are four constant-crystallization eutectic points for hydrochloric acid, between the crystal form of HCl·H2O (68% HCl), HCl·2H2O (51% HCl), HCl·3H2O (41% HCl), HCl·6H2O (25% HCl), and ice (0% HCl). There is also a metastable eutectic point at 24.8% between ice and the HCl·3H2O crystallization.
Production.
Hydrochloric acid is prepared by dissolving hydrogen chloride in water. Hydrogen chloride can be generated in many ways, and thus several precursors to hydrochloric acid exist. The large-scale production of hydrochloric acid is almost always integrated with the industrial scale production of other chemicals.
Industrial market.
Hydrochloric acid is produced in solutions up to 38% HCl (concentrated grade). Higher concentrations up to just over 40% are chemically possible, but the evaporation rate is then so high that storage and handling need extra precautions, such as pressure and low temperature. Bulk industrial-grade is therefore 30% to 34%, optimized for effective transport and limited product loss by HCl vapors. Higher concentrations require the material to be pressurized and cooled to reduce evaporation losses. In the United States, solutions of between 20% and 32% are sold as muriatic acid. Solutions for household purposes in the US, mostly cleaning, are typically 10% to 12%, with strong recommendations to dilute before use. In the United Kingdom, where it is sold as "Spirits of Salt" for domestic cleaning, the potency is the same as the US industrial grade.
Major producers worldwide include Dow Chemical at 2 million metric tons annually (2 Mt/year), calculated as HCl gas,Georgia Gulf Corporation, Tosoh Corporation, Akzo Nobel, and Tessenderlo at 0.5 to 1.5 Mt/year each. Total world production, for comparison purposes expressed as HCl, is estimated at 20 Mt/year, with 3 Mt/year from direct synthesis, and the rest as secondary product from organic and similar syntheses. By far, most hydrochloric acid is consumed captively by the producer. The open world market size is estimated at 5 Mt/year.
Applications.
Hydrochloric acid is a strong inorganic acid that is used in many industrial processes. The application often determines the required product quality.
Pickling of steel.
One of the most important applications of hydrochloric acid is in the pickling of steel, to remove rust or iron oxide scale from iron or steel before subsequent processing, such as extrusion, rolling, galvanizing, and other techniques. Technical quality HCl at typically 18% concentration is the most commonly used pickling agent for the pickling of carbon steel grades.
The spent acid has long been re-used as iron(II) chloride (also known as ferrous chloride) solutions, but high heavy-metal levels in the pickling liquor have decreased this practice.
The steel pickling industry has developed hydrochloric acid regeneration processes, such as the spray roaster or the fluidized bed HCl regeneration process, which allow the recovery of HCl from spent pickling liquor. The most common regeneration process is the pyrohydrolysis process, applying the following formula:
By recuperation of the spent acid, a closed acid loop is established. The iron(III) oxide by-product of the regeneration process is valuable, used in a variety of secondary industries.
Production of organic compounds.
Another major use of hydrochloric acid is in the production of organic compounds, such as vinyl chloride and dichloroethane for PVC. This is often captive use, consuming locally produced hydrochloric acid that never actually reaches the open market. Other organic compounds produced with hydrochloric acid include bisphenol A for polycarbonate, activated carbon, and ascorbic acid, as well as numerous pharmaceutical products.
Production of inorganic compounds.
Numerous products can be produced with hydrochloric acid in normal acid-base reactions, resulting in inorganic compounds. These include water treatment chemicals such as iron(III) chloride and polyaluminium chloride (PAC).
Both iron(III) chloride and PAC are used as flocculation and coagulation agents in sewage treatment, drinking water production, and paper production.
Other inorganic compounds produced with hydrochloric acid include road application salt calcium chloride, nickel(II) chloride for electroplating, and zinc chloride for the galvanizing industry and battery production.
pH Control and neutralization.
Hydrochloric acid can be used to regulate the acidity (pH) of solutions.
In industry demanding purity (food, pharmaceutical, drinking water), high-quality hydrochloric acid is used to control the pH of process water streams. In less-demanding industry, technical quality hydrochloric acid suffices for neutralizing waste streams and swimming pool treatment.
Regeneration of ion exchangers.
High-quality hydrochloric acid is used in the regeneration of ion exchange resins. Cation exchange is widely used to remove ions such as Na+ and Ca2+ from aqueous solutions, producing demineralized water. The acid is used to rinse the cations from the resins. Na+ is replaced with H+ and Ca2+ with 2 H+.
Ion exchangers and demineralized water are used in all chemical industries, drinking water production, and many food industries.
Other.
Hydrochloric acid is used for a large number of small-scale applications, such as leather processing, purification of common salt, household cleaning, and building construction. Oil production may be stimulated by injecting hydrochloric acid into the rock formation of an oil well, dissolving a portion of the rock, and creating a large-pore structure. Oil well acidizing is a common process in the North Sea oil production industry.
Hydrochloric acid has been used for dissolving calcium carbonate, i.e. such things as de-scaling kettles and for cleaning mortar off brickwork, but it is a hazardous liquid which must be used with care. When used on brickwork the reaction with the mortar only continues until the acid has all been converted, producing Calcium Chloride, Carbon Dioxide and water:
2HCl + CaCO3 → CaCl2 + CO2 + H2O
Many chemical reactions involving hydrochloric acid are applied in the production of food, food ingredients, and food additives. Typical products include aspartame, fructose, citric acid, lysine, hydrolyzed vegetable protein as food enhancer, and in gelatin production. Food-grade (extra-pure) hydrochloric acid can be applied when needed for the final product.
Presence in living organisms.
Gastric acid is one of the main secretions of the stomach. It consists mainly of hydrochloric acid and acidifies the stomach content to a pH of 1 to 2.
Chloride (Cl−) and hydrogen (H+) ions are secreted separately in the stomach fundus region at the top of the stomach by parietal cells of the gastric mucosa into a secretory network called canaliculi before it enters the stomach lumen.
Gastric acid acts as a barrier against microorganisms to prevent infections and is important for the digestion of food. Its low pH denatures proteins and thereby makes them susceptible to degradation by digestive enzymes such as pepsin. The low pH also activates the enzyme precursor pepsinogen into the active enzyme pepsin by self-cleavage. After leaving the stomach, the hydrochloric acid of the chyme is neutralized in the duodenum by sodium bicarbonate.
The stomach itself is protected from the strong acid by the secretion of a thick mucus layer, and by secretin induced buffering with sodium bicarbonate. Heartburn or peptic ulcers can develop when these mechanisms fail. Drugs of the antihistaminic and proton pump inhibitor classes can inhibit the production of acid in the stomach, and antacids are used to neutralize existing acid.
Safety.
Concentrated hydrochloric acid (fuming hydrochloric acid) forms acidic mists. Both the mist and the solution have a corrosive effect on human tissue, with the potential to damage respiratory organs, eyes, skin, and intestines irreversibly. Upon mixing hydrochloric acid with common oxidizing chemicals, such as sodium hypochlorite (bleach, NaClO) or potassium permanganate (KMnO4), the toxic gas chlorine is produced.
Personal protective equipment such as rubber or PVC gloves, protective eye goggles, and chemical-resistant clothing and shoes are used to minimize risks when handling hydrochloric acid. The United States Environmental Protection Agency rates and regulates hydrochloric acid as a toxic substance.
The UN number or DOT number is 1789. This number will be displayed on a placard on the container.

</doc>
<doc id="19916687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916687" title="Topiąca">
Topiąca

Topiąca is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rościszewo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916689" title="Września (disambiguation)">
Września (disambiguation)

Września may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19916692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916692" title="Września, Masovian Voivodeship">
Września, Masovian Voivodeship

Września is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rościszewo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916693" title="Zamość, Sierpc County">
Zamość, Sierpc County

Zamość is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rościszewo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Rościszewo, east of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916701" title="Białe Błoto, Sierpc County">
Białe Błoto, Sierpc County

Białe Błoto is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 158.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916704" title="Białoskóry, Masovian Voivodeship">
Białoskóry, Masovian Voivodeship

Białoskóry is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916706" title="Białyszewo">
Białyszewo

Białyszewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916708" title="Białyszewo-Towarzystwo">
Białyszewo-Towarzystwo

Białyszewo-Towarzystwo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916709" title="Bledzewko">
Bledzewko

Bledzewko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916710" title="Bledzewo">
Bledzewo

Bledzewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916711" title="Borkowo Kościelne">
Borkowo Kościelne

Borkowo Kościelne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916713" title="Borkowo Wielkie, Masovian Voivodeship">
Borkowo Wielkie, Masovian Voivodeship

Borkowo Wielkie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916716" title="Dąbrówki, Sierpc County">
Dąbrówki, Sierpc County

Dąbrówki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916718" title="Dębowo, Sierpc County">
Dębowo, Sierpc County

Dębowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916719" title="Dziembakowo">
Dziembakowo

Dziembakowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916720" title="Goleszyn">
Goleszyn

Goleszyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916723" title="Gorzewo, Sierpc County">
Gorzewo, Sierpc County

Gorzewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 303.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916724" title="Grodkowo-Włóki">
Grodkowo-Włóki

Grodkowo-Włóki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916725" title="Grodkowo-Zawisze">
Grodkowo-Zawisze

Grodkowo-Zawisze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 180.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916726" title="Karolewo, Sierpc County">
Karolewo, Sierpc County

Karolewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916729" title="Kisielewo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Kisielewo, Masovian Voivodeship

Kisielewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 120.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916730" title="Kręćkowo">
Kręćkowo

Kręćkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916731" title="Kwaśno">
Kwaśno

Kwaśno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="19916733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916733" title="Mieszaki">
Mieszaki

Mieszaki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916734" title="Mieszczk">
Mieszczk

Mieszczk is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916735" title="Miłobędzyn">
Miłobędzyn

Miłobędzyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916738" title="Nowe Piastowo">
Nowe Piastowo

Nowe Piastowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916739" title="Nowy Susk, Sierpc County">
Nowy Susk, Sierpc County

Nowy Susk is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 50.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916740" title="Osówka, Sierpc County">
Osówka, Sierpc County

Osówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916742" title="Pawłowo, Sierpc County">
Pawłowo, Sierpc County

Pawłowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 210.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916743" title="Piaski, Sierpc County">
Piaski, Sierpc County

Piaski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.

</doc>
<doc id="19916744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916744" title="Podwierzbie, Sierpc County">
Podwierzbie, Sierpc County

Podwierzbie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916746" title="Rachocin">
Rachocin

Rachocin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 130.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916748" title="Rydzewo, Sierpc County">
Rydzewo, Sierpc County

Rydzewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916749" title="Stare Piastowo">
Stare Piastowo

Stare Piastowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916750" title="Studzieniec, Sierpc County">
Studzieniec, Sierpc County

Studzieniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916752" title="Sudragi">
Sudragi

Sudragi is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916754" title="Sułocin-Teodory">
Sułocin-Teodory

Sułocin-Teodory is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916755" title="Sułocin-Towarzystwo">
Sułocin-Towarzystwo

Sułocin-Towarzystwo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916756" title="Susk">
Susk

Susk is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 160.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916760" title="Szczepanki, Sierpc County">
Szczepanki, Sierpc County

Szczepanki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916762" title="Warzyn Kmiecy">
Warzyn Kmiecy

Warzyn Kmiecy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916763" title="Warzyn-Skóry">
Warzyn-Skóry

Warzyn-Skóry is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916764" title="Wernerowo">
Wernerowo

Wernerowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916766" title="Wilczogóra, Sierpc County">
Wilczogóra, Sierpc County

Wilczogóra is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916768" title="Żochowo, Sierpc County">
Żochowo, Sierpc County

Żochowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierpc, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916771" title="Mohamed Ahmed-Chamanga">
Mohamed Ahmed-Chamanga

Mohamed Ahmed-Chamanga, is a Comorian linguistic, writer, researcher, politic and professor born in Ouani (Nzwani) in 1952. 
He has worked mainly to make known his Comorian culture and in 2006 he was candidate for his country presidential election. 
After his secondary studies, he graduated in Swahili and Arabic language and travelled to Madagascar and France where he made studies in linguistics. He created in 1976 a method to transcript Shikomori, and started writing articles about this language. He later published his thesis « Le Shindzuani (Comores) : Phonologie, morphologie, lexique » (1991) and has written lots of articles about Shikomori and transcribed Comorian tales. 
He's currently teacher of Comorian at the « Institut National des Langues et Civilisations Orientales" (INALCO) in Paris, collaborator of "Centre National de Documentation et de Recherche Scientifique" (CNDRS, Moroni y Ouani) and professor at the University of Comoros since its creation.

</doc>
<doc id="19916777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916777" title="Agnieszkowo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Agnieszkowo, Masovian Voivodeship

Agnieszkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczutowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Szczutowo, west of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916779" title="Białasy">
Białasy

Białasy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczutowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 310.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916781" title="Blinno">
Blinno

Blinno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczutowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916783" title="Blizno, Masovian Voivodeship">
Blizno, Masovian Voivodeship

Blizno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczutowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916784" title="Hoac">
Hoac


</doc>
<doc id="19916786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916786" title="Całownia">
Całownia

Całownia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczutowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916790" title="Dąbkowa Parowa">
Dąbkowa Parowa

Dąbkowa Parowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczutowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916792" title="Dziki Bór">
Dziki Bór

Dziki Bór is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczutowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916793" title="Gójsk">
Gójsk

Gójsk is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczutowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Szczutowo, west of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916794" title="Gorzeń, Masovian Voivodeship">
Gorzeń, Masovian Voivodeship

Gorzeń is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczutowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Szczutowo, north of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916795" title="Grabal">
Grabal

Grabal is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczutowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Szczutowo, north-west of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916796" title="Grądy, Sierpc County">
Grądy, Sierpc County

Grądy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczutowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Szczutowo, west of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916797" title="Gugoły">
Gugoły

Gugoły is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczutowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Szczutowo, north of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916800" title="Jaźwiny, Sierpc County">
Jaźwiny, Sierpc County

Jaźwiny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczutowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916802" title="Józefowo, Sierpc County">
Józefowo, Sierpc County

Józefowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczutowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Szczutowo, west of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916803" title="Karlewo">
Karlewo

Karlewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczutowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Szczutowo, south of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916805" title="Łazy, Sierpc County">
Łazy, Sierpc County

Łazy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczutowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916806" title="Maluszyn, Masovian Voivodeship">
Maluszyn, Masovian Voivodeship

Maluszyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczutowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Szczutowo, west of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916807" title="Mierzęcin, Sierpc County">
Mierzęcin, Sierpc County

Mierzęcin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczutowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916808" title="Modrzewie, Masovian Voivodeship">
Modrzewie, Masovian Voivodeship

Modrzewie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczutowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Szczutowo, west of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916810" title="Mościska, Sierpc County">
Mościska, Sierpc County

Mościska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczutowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Szczutowo, west of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916811" title="Podlesie, Sierpc County">
Podlesie, Sierpc County

Podlesie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczutowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Szczutowo, west of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916814" title="Słupia, Gmina Szczutowo">
Słupia, Gmina Szczutowo

Słupia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczutowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916815" title="Stara Wola">
Stara Wola

Stara Wola is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczutowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916816" title="Szczutowo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Szczutowo, Masovian Voivodeship

Szczutowo is a village in Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Szczutowo. It lies approximately north-west of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916821" title="Coulter (agriculture)">
Coulter (agriculture)

A coulter or colter is a vertically mounted component of many plows that cuts an edge about deep ahead of a plowshare. Its most effective depth is determined by soil conditions. 
History.
Its earliest design consisted of a knife-like blade. Coulters with a flat rotating disc began being used c. 1900. Its advantage was a smoothly cut bank, and it sliced plant debris to the width of the furrow.
Results.
In his 1844 book, Henry Stephens used dynamometer measurements to conclude that a plow without a coulter took about the same amount of force to pull but using a coulter resulted in a much cleaner result. It softens the soil, allowing the plow to undercut the furrow made by the coulter.
Jointer.
A rolling coulter has an optional accessory called a Jointer. The jointer flips over a small part of the surface on top of the slice before the plowshare flips the main slice. It ensures that all of the plant debris gets covered by the flipped slice.

</doc>
<doc id="19916824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916824" title="Budy Milewskie">
Budy Milewskie

Budy Milewskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Zawidz, east of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 110.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916825" title="Budy Piaseczne">
Budy Piaseczne

Budy Piaseczne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Zawidz, east of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916828" title="Chabowo-Świniary">
Chabowo-Świniary

Chabowo-Świniary is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916830" title="Gołocin, Masovian Voivodeship">
Gołocin, Masovian Voivodeship

Gołocin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916831" title="Grąbiec">
Grąbiec

Grąbiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916833" title="Grabowo, Sierpc County">
Grabowo, Sierpc County

Grabowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Zawidz, south-east of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916834" title="Gutowo-Górki">
Gutowo-Górki

Gutowo-Górki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916835" title="Gutowo-Stradzyno">
Gutowo-Stradzyno

Gutowo-Stradzyno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916836" title="Jaworowo-Jastrzębie">
Jaworowo-Jastrzębie

Jaworowo-Jastrzębie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Zawidz, east of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 80.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916837" title="Jaworowo-Kłódź">
Jaworowo-Kłódź

Jaworowo-Kłódź is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916839" title="Jaworowo-Kolonia">
Jaworowo-Kolonia

Jaworowo-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916840" title="Jaworowo-Lipa">
Jaworowo-Lipa

Jaworowo-Lipa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916842" title="Jeżewo, Sierpc County">
Jeżewo, Sierpc County

Jeżewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Zawidz, south-east of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 290.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916844" title="Kęsice">
Kęsice

Kęsice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Zawidz, south-east of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 70.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916845" title="Kosemin">
Kosemin

Kosemin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Zawidz, east of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 290.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916848" title="Kosmaczewo">
Kosmaczewo

Kosmaczewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Zawidz, south-east of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916850" title="Krajewice Duże">
Krajewice Duże

Krajewice Duże is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Zawidz, south-east of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916851" title="Krajewice Małe">
Krajewice Małe

Krajewice Małe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Zawidz, south-east of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916854" title="Majki, Sierpc County">
Majki, Sierpc County

Majki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Zawidz, south-east of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916855" title="Majki Duże">
Majki Duże

Majki Duże is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Zawidz, south-east of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916856" title="Belu-Simion Fainaru">
Belu-Simion Fainaru

Belu-Simion Fainaru (born 1959) is an Israeli sculptor who was born in Bucharest, Romania and immigrated to Israel in 1973. He studied at the University of Haifa from 1980 to 1983 and earned an MA from the University of Chicago in 1984. He continued his art education at the Domus Academy, Postgraduate School of Design in Milan, Italy and at The Royal Academies for Science and the Arts of Belgium in Brussles. Fainaru lives and works in Haifa, Israel and in Antwerp, Belgium.
Much of Fainaru’s work deals with Jewish history, Jewish rituals, and Jewish literature.

</doc>
<doc id="19916857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916857" title="Majki Małe">
Majki Małe

Majki Małe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Zawidz, south-east of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916858" title="Hadacheck v. Sebastian">
Hadacheck v. Sebastian

Hadacheck v. Sebastian, 239 U.S. 394 (1915), was an early U.S. Supreme Court case on the constitutionality of zoning ordinances. The Court held that an ordinance of Los Angeles, California prohibiting the manufacturing of bricks within specified limits of the city did not unconstitutionally deprive the petitioner of his property without due process of law, or deny him equal protection of the laws.
Facts and procedural history.
Petitioner Hadacheck was convicted of a misdemeanor for the violation of a city ordinance, which prohibited the establishment or operation a brickyard or brick kiln, or any manufacture or burning of brick within described limits in the city. Hadacheck was taken into custody by Los Angeles Chief of Police Charles E. Sebastian, whereupon he filed a petition for habeas corpus with the California Supreme Court.
In his petition, Hadacheck (who had acquired his property prior to his district's annexation by the city of Los Angeles) set forth at length his grievances with the ordinance and the decision of the lower court, including "inter alia" that his land contained valuable deposits of clay which were ideal for making bricks, that his land was quite valuable and that he acquired this particular tract for the express purpose of manufacturing bricks, that the ordinance would deprive him of his use of the property and force him to abandon his business, that his business was conducted in such a manner as to emit as little pollution as possible and could not be considered a nuisance under the California Civil Code, and that the district described by the ordinance was drawn in such a manner solely to disrupt his business. Hadacheck further alleged an unconstitutional taking by the city, and that the ordinance violated both the California Constitution and the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution.
The California Supreme Court found in favor of the city, accepting the judgment of the legislators. The court held that the business was one which could be lawfully regulated, and the fact that the petitioner began his business prior to the enactment of the ordinance was no defense. The court also discussed the affidavits submitted by interested parties which contradicted Hadacheck's assertions that the business was conducted in a sanitary, non-polluting manner.
Decision.
Justice McKenna, writing for a unanimous court, upheld the California Supreme Court's decision, holding that the ordinance was a legitimate use of the police power. He analogized this case to an earlier one, "Reinman v. Little Rock", , which dealt with a similar ordinance banning livery stables. "Reinman" was distinguishable on the grounds that a livery stable could be moved and operated anywhere, while bricks can only be manufactured where suitable clay is found. Hadacheck contended that the removal of clay from his land was not physically impossible, but was prohibitively expensive. The Court held that even though relocating the brick factory would be costly, the ordinance did not amount to a complete denial of the use of Hadacheck's property, because the ordinance did not completely deny Hadacheck the use of the clay on his land.
The Court further held that the ordinance did not violate the Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment. Hadacheck alleged that his business was prohibited while those of his competitors elsewhere were not. The Court responded that just because his business was the first to be shut down, it does not follow that others will not be in the future, thus this issue was beyond the scope of the case.
Historical importance.
"Hadacheck v. Sebastian" was one of the first cases to deal with the issue of regulatory takings under zoning laws, even though the ordinance in question was simple and primitive in comparison to modern American zoning schemes. Because of this, the case is commonly discussed in first year constitutional law and/or property law classes in American law schools.

</doc>
<doc id="19916859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916859" title="Makomazy">
Makomazy

Makomazy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Zawidz, south-east of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916860" title="Mańkowo, Sierpc County">
Mańkowo, Sierpc County

Mańkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916863" title="Milewko, Masovian Voivodeship">
Milewko, Masovian Voivodeship

Milewko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916865" title="Nicolás Suárez Province">
Nicolás Suárez Province

Nicolás Suárez is one of the five provinces of the Bolivian Pando department and is situated in the department's northwestern parts. Its name honors Nicolás Suárez Callaú (1861-1940) who owned major parts of today's "Pando" and "Beni" Departments in the times of the caoutchouc-boom.
Location.
"Nicolás Suárez" Province is located between 10° 39' and 11° 27' South and between 67° 33' and 69° 34' West. It extends over a length of 370 km from Northeast to Southwest, and up to 100 km from North to South.
The province is situated in the Amazon lowlands of Bolivia and borders Brazil in the North, Peru in the West, Manuripi Province in the South, and Abuná Province in the East.
Population.
The population of Nicolás Suárez Province has increased by almost 200% over the recent two decades:
The literacy rate of the province's population is 78.1%. "(1992)" 
Division.
The province comprises four municipalities:

</doc>
<doc id="19916868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916868" title="Milewo, Sierpc County">
Milewo, Sierpc County

Milewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916870" title="Młotkowo-Kolonia">
Młotkowo-Kolonia

Młotkowo-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916871" title="Młotkowo-Wieś">
Młotkowo-Wieś

Młotkowo-Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916872" title="Nowe Kowalewo">
Nowe Kowalewo

Nowe Kowalewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916873" title="Nowe Zgagowo">
Nowe Zgagowo

Nowe Zgagowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916874" title="Orłowo, Sierpc County">
Orłowo, Sierpc County

Orłowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Zawidz, south-east of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 40.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916875" title="Escapade">
Escapade

Escapade may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19916877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916877" title="Osiek, Gmina Zawidz">
Osiek, Gmina Zawidz

Osiek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916879" title="Osiek Piaseczny">
Osiek Piaseczny

Osiek Piaseczny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Zawidz, south-east of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916880" title="Osiek-Parcele">
Osiek-Parcele

Osiek-Parcele is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916881" title="Osiek-Włostybory">
Osiek-Włostybory

Osiek-Włostybory is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916885" title="Ostrowy, Gmina Zawidz">
Ostrowy, Gmina Zawidz

Ostrowy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916886" title="Petrykozy, Sierpc County">
Petrykozy, Sierpc County

Petrykozy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916888" title="Keating Muething &amp; Klekamp">
Keating Muething &amp; Klekamp

Keating Muething & Klekamp PLL (often known as KMK) is a law firm based in Cincinnati, Ohio. KMK attorneys practice in the following areas of law: Banking, Insurance & Financial Services; Business Representation & Transactions; Commercial Finance & Reorganization; Employee Benefits & Executive Compensation; Insurance Coverage & Litigation; Intellectual Property; Labor & Employment; Litigation; Private Client Services; and Real Estate Law. As of January 2013, the firm has 105 attorneys and approximately 150 staff members. The firm’s Managing Partner is Paul V. Muething and the Executive Partner is Rachael A. Rowe.
History.
The firm was founded as Keating, Muething & Keating in 1954 by brothers Charles Keating, Jr. and William J. Keating and John L. Muething, a friend of Charles Keating's from the University of Cincinnati College of Law.
In 1954, the firm opened a small space on the 39th floor of Carew Tower and started with a sole secretary, Helen Bayer. Then, in the late 1950s, the firm's virtually sole client became Carl Lindner, Jr. and his American Financial Corporation.
In 1958, William Keating began his career in government service as judge of Hamilton County Municipal Court; as a requirement of his judicial service, the name of the firm was changed to Keating & Muething. After the appointment, Donald P. Klekamp was hired from U.S. Steel in Cleveland to take over William's work. In the mid-1960s, Klekamp was elected partner, and the name of the firm was changed to Keating, Muething & Klekamp.
Charles Keating left the firm in 1972 and joined American Financial Corporation. As head of American Continental Corporation, he subsequently became a major figure in the Savings and Loan scandal of the 1980s, was at the center of the Keating Five political scandal, and was convicted of federal and state charges and served several years in prison.
Keating Muething & Klekamp subsequently branched out its business, and its client list has included Cintas Corporation, Fifth Third Bank, and McDonald's Corporation.
The firm has historically had strong connections to the U.S. Republican Party. Founding partner William Keating would go on to become a Republican U.S. House of Representatives member from Ohio's 1st congressional district in the early 1970s as well as publisher of "The Cincinnati Enquirer". He subsequently returned to being a partner in the firm.
Trey Grayson, the Republican Secretary of State of Kentucky, has worked for the firm in estate planning and corporate law. Pat DeWine, a Republican county-level officeholder and former congressional candidate, is an associate with the firm. His father, former Ohio Republican U.S. Senator Mike DeWine, joined the firm in 2007, working as corporate investigations group co-chair. Members of Keating Muething & Klekamp, as well as their family members, contributed over $50,000 to John McCain's 2008 presidential campaign.
The firm was mentioned in a possible pay-for-play scandal in 2014 with Mike DeWine, the Ohio Attorney General since 2011: Lawyers from Keating Muething & Klekamp gave $7,000 to DeWine a week after they submitted their application for a contract for legal work with the state and the attorney general's office. They received the contract, apparently in violation of the $1000 limit for contributions from those seeking an unbid contract from an officeholder.
Wholly owned subsidiaries.
Riverbend Commercial Title Agency is a wholly owned subsidiary of Keating Muething & Klekamp PLL. Riverbend clients include: developers, builders, commercial lenders, buyers, sellers, lessees, as well as referrals from commercial brokers and attorneys. Riverbend is an authorized agent of 5 nationally renowned underwriters, including Chicago Title Insurance Company, Commonwealth Land Title Insurance Co., First American Title Insurance Co., Ohio Bar Title Insurance Co., and Old Republic National Title Insurance Co.
KMK Consulting Company, founded in 1998 as a wholly owned subsidiary of Keating Muething & Klekamp PLL, provides specialized business consulting services to corporate, entrepreneurial, non-profit and executive clients and high net worth individuals. KMK Consulting Company specializes in advisory services in connection with: government affairs, leadership development, economic development, business alliances, and public/private partnerships. Collectively, the KMK Consulting team has more than 50 years of economic development related experience on a national basis. Clients include AK Steel, First Financial Bank, VRI, US Playing Card Company, Delta Airlines, and Macy’s.

</doc>
<doc id="19916892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916892" title="Rekowo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Rekowo, Masovian Voivodeship

Rekowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Zawidz, south-east of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 370.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916893" title="Schabajewo">
Schabajewo

Schabajewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Zawidz, south-east of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916896" title="Skoczkowo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Skoczkowo, Masovian Voivodeship

Skoczkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Zawidz, east of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916898" title="Słupia, Gmina Zawidz">
Słupia, Gmina Zawidz

Słupia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916899" title="Stare Chabowo">
Stare Chabowo

Stare Chabowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916900" title="Stropkowo">
Stropkowo

Stropkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Zawidz, south-east of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916901" title="Szumanie">
Szumanie

Szumanie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Zawidz, south-east of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916902" title="Szumanie-Pejory">
Szumanie-Pejory

Szumanie-Pejory is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Zawidz, south-east of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 60.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916903" title="Szumanie-Pustoły">
Szumanie-Pustoły

Szumanie-Pustoły is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916904" title="Wola Grąbiecka">
Wola Grąbiecka

Wola Grąbiecka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has an approximate population of 80.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916905" title="Żabowo">
Żabowo

Żabowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19916906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916906" title="Żabowo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Żabowo, Masovian Voivodeship

Żabowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Zawidz, south-east of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 150.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916907" title="Zalesie, Sierpc County">
Zalesie, Sierpc County

Zalesie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Zawidz, south-east of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916908" title="Zawidz">
Zawidz

Zawidz is a village in Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Zawidz. It lies approximately south-east of Sierpc and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 900.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916909" title="Zawidz Mały">
Zawidz Mały

Zawidz Mały is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Zawidz, east of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916910" title="Zgagowo-Wieś">
Zgagowo-Wieś

Zgagowo-Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916913" title="Żytowo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Żytowo, Masovian Voivodeship

Żytowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Zawidz, south-east of Sierpc, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916925" title="Andrzejów, Sochaczew County">
Andrzejów, Sochaczew County

Andrzejów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916926" title="Bieliny, Gmina Brochów">
Bieliny, Gmina Brochów

Bieliny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916929" title="Brochocin, Sochaczew County">
Brochocin, Sochaczew County

Brochocin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916932" title="Brochów, Masovian Voivodeship">
Brochów, Masovian Voivodeship

Brochów is a village (population 400) in Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, east-central Poland. It is the seat of Gmina Brochów and lies some north of Sochaczew and west of Warsaw.
It was in the church at Brochów that Mikołaj Chopin and Justyna Krzyżanowska, parents of future composer Frédéric Chopin, were married on 2 June 1806. Frédéric was baptized there on 23 April 1810.
During the Invasion of Poland in World War II, on 15 September 1939, Brochów was the site of a successful cavalry charge against German infantry by the 17th Wielkopolska Uhlan Regiment.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916933" title="Brochów-Kolonia">
Brochów-Kolonia

Brochów-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916934" title="Famułki Brochowskie">
Famułki Brochowskie

Famułki Brochowskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Brochów, north-east of Sochaczew, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 160.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916935" title="Famułki Królewskie">
Famułki Królewskie

Famułki Królewskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Brochów, north-east of Sochaczew, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 140.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916936" title="Górki, Sochaczew County">
Górki, Sochaczew County

Górki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Brochów, north of Sochaczew, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916937" title="Gorzewnica">
Gorzewnica

Gorzewnica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Brochów, north-east of Sochaczew, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916938" title="Bran Nue Dae">
Bran Nue Dae

Bran Nue Dae is a 1990 musical set in Broome, Western Australia that tells stories and of issues relating to Indigenous Australians. It was written by Jimmy Chi, his band Kuckles and friends and was the first Aboriginal musical. The musical was originally directed by Andrew Ross, a prominent theatre director in Western Australia. The name is a phonetic representation of 'Brand New Day'.
The musical won the prestigious Sidney Myer Performing Arts Awards in 1990. The following year the published script and score won the Special Award in the Western Australian Premier's Book Awards.
A documentary "Bran Nue Dae" tells the story of the creation of the musical.
Film version.
The musical has been turned into a feature film directed by Rachel Perkins starring Ernie Dingo, Geoffrey Rush, Jessica Mauboy, Missy Higgins, Deborah Mailman, Magda Szubanski and Dan Sultan.
The film premiered at the Melbourne International Film Festival and won the Audience Award for Best Film. It was theatrically released in Australia on 14 January 2010. It debuted with $2.5 million in its first week, solidifying it as a box office hit. It went on to gross over $7 million, making it one of the most successful Australian films of all time.

</doc>
<doc id="19916939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916939" title="Hilarów, Sochaczew County">
Hilarów, Sochaczew County

Hilarów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916941" title="Janów, Gmina Brochów">
Janów, Gmina Brochów

Janów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Sochaczew and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 370.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916943" title="Janówek, Sochaczew County">
Janówek, Sochaczew County

Janówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916945" title="Konary, Sochaczew County">
Konary, Sochaczew County

Konary is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Brochów, north of Sochaczew, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916949" title="Kromnów, Masovian Voivodeship">
Kromnów, Masovian Voivodeship

Kromnów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Brochów, north of Sochaczew, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 210.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916950" title="Łasice">
Łasice

Łasice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Brochów, north of Sochaczew, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916951" title="Lasocin, Sochaczew County">
Lasocin, Sochaczew County

Lasocin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Brochów, north-east of Sochaczew, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916952" title="Birthe Wolter">
Birthe Wolter

Birthe Wolter (born 4 October 1981) is a German actress.
Career.
She studied at the Munich's "August Everding Music and Drama School" (2002–2006). Her most popular role so far was one of the leading role in the RTL series "Schulmädchen". She also took part in the later ProSieben series "Alles außer Sex" with Simone Hanselmann, another "school girl" in "Schulmädchen".
Besides her roles in television, she is also a famous movie and theatre actress.

</doc>
<doc id="19916954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916954" title="Malanowo, Sochaczew County">
Malanowo, Sochaczew County

Malanowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916955" title="Miszory">
Miszory

Miszory is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Brochów, north-east of Sochaczew, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 250.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916956" title="A5 road (Latvia)">
A5 road (Latvia)

The A5 is a national road in Latvia which is part beltway around Riga, connecting Salaspils to Babīte. The road is also known as Riga bypass. The road is part of European route E67, European route E77 and Latvian TEN-T road network. The length of A5 is 41 kilometer. Currently A5 has 1x1 lanes until interchange with A9 then it turns to 2x2 all the way until Babīte. Most of the traffic on A5 is made up by trucks. A5 crosses river Daugava on Riga HES, and the A5 part on the HES has been reconstructed in 2010/2011. Another part of A5 between A8 and A9 was reconstructed in 2011. There are plans to build a new bridge over Daugava opposite to the end of A4 (part of Riga bypass on other side of Daugava), in further future. Current speed limit is 90 km/h. The average AADT of A5 in 2013 was 10,371 cars per day.

</doc>
<doc id="19916957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916957" title="Nowa Wieś-Śladów">
Nowa Wieś-Śladów

Nowa Wieś-Śladów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916959" title="Olszowiec, Gmina Brochów">
Olszowiec, Gmina Brochów

Olszowiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Brochów, north-east of Sochaczew, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 50.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916960" title="Piaski Duchowne">
Piaski Duchowne

Piaski Duchowne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Brochów, north-east of Sochaczew, and north-west of Warsaw.

</doc>
<doc id="19916962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916962" title="Piaski Królewskie">
Piaski Królewskie

Piaski Królewskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Brochów, north-east of Sochaczew, and north-west of Warsaw.

</doc>
<doc id="19916963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916963" title="Plecewice">
Plecewice

Plecewice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Brochów, north-east of Sochaczew, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916965" title="Galina Yershova">
Galina Yershova

Galina Gavrilovna Yershova, or Ershova (; born 17 March 1955) is a prominent Russian academic historian, linguist, and epigrapher, who specialises in the study of the ancient civilisations, cultures, and languages of the New World. As an Americanist scholar, her area of expertise is in the field of Mesoamerican studies, and in particular that of the pre-Columbian Maya civilisation, its historical literature, and its writing system. Yershova is a former student and protégé of the famed Russian linguist and epigrapher Yuri Knorozov, renowned for his central contributions towards the decipherment of the Maya script.
, Dr. Yershova is a senior fellow at the Russian Academy of Sciences' Institute of Archaeology at the Russian State University for the Humanities (RGGU), and director of the RGGU's Centre for Mesoamerican Research. She has authored approximately two hundred papers in scientific, art, and literature publications, including some eight monographs on Maya writing, history, and archaeoastronomy.

</doc>
<doc id="19916966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916966" title="Przęsławice, Sochaczew County">
Przęsławice, Sochaczew County

Przęsławice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Brochów, north of Sochaczew, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916967" title="Sianno">
Sianno

Sianno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Brochów, north-east of Sochaczew, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 81.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916969" title="Tułowice, Masovian Voivodeship">
Tułowice, Masovian Voivodeship

Tułowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Brochów, north of Sochaczew, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 350.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916970" title="Wilcze Śladowskie">
Wilcze Śladowskie

Wilcze Śladowskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Brochów, north of Sochaczew, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 30.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916971" title="Wilcze Tułowskie">
Wilcze Tułowskie

Wilcze Tułowskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916972" title="Wólka Smolana, Masovian Voivodeship">
Wólka Smolana, Masovian Voivodeship

Wólka Smolana is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brochów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Brochów, north-east of Sochaczew, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916980" title="Aleksandrów, Gmina Iłów">
Aleksandrów, Gmina Iłów

Aleksandrów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916982" title="Christoph Helmut Keitel">
Christoph Helmut Keitel

Christoph Helmut Keitel (born 30 July 1965 in Lübeck, Germany) is a German physicist, presently a director at the Max-Planck-Institut für Kernphysik (Max Planck Institute for Nuclear Physics) in Heidelberg and an honorary professor ("Honorarprofessor") at Heidelberg University.
Keitel studied Physics and Mathematics at the University of Hanover and Physics at the University of Munich, Germany, where he graduated in 1990. As a PhD student, he worked with Prof. Dr. G. Süssmann, mainly supervised by Prof. Marlan O. Scully and Prof. L. M. Narducci.
After several years of research in New Mexico, USA and at Imperial College, London, he worked as a Marie Curie fellow at the University of Innsbruck, Austria.
In 1998, he became a SFB junior research group leader at the University of Freiburg, Germany.
In the year 2000, he obtained the degree of a lecturer and the venia legendi at the University of Freiburg with his post-doctoral thesis on Atomic Systems in Intense Laser Fields.
After working as a lecturer at the universities of Freiburg and Düsseldorf, he was appointed Director at the Max Planck Institute for Nuclear Physics in Heidelberg, Germany, in 2004, whereof he was the Managing Director 2006 to 2008. In 2005, he was appointed honorary professor at Heidelberg University.
His main areas of research are theoretical laser-induced quantum dynamics, quantum electrodynamics as well as nuclear and high-energy physics with extremely strong laser fields (see also homepage of the Theory Division of the Max Planck Institute for Nuclear Physics).
In 2003, he was awarded the Gustav Hertz Prize by the Deutsche Physikalische Gesellschaft (German Physical Society).

</doc>
<doc id="19916983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916983" title="Arciechów, Sochaczew County">
Arciechów, Sochaczew County

Arciechów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Iłów, north-west of Sochaczew, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916984" title="Arciechówek">
Arciechówek

Arciechówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916985" title="Białocin, Masovian Voivodeship">
Białocin, Masovian Voivodeship

Białocin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Iłów, west of Sochaczew, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916987" title="Bieniew">
Bieniew

Bieniew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916988" title="Brzozów Nowy">
Brzozów Nowy

Brzozów Nowy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Iłów, north-west of Sochaczew, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916989" title="Brzozów Stary">
Brzozów Stary

Brzozów Stary is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Iłów, north-west of Sochaczew, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916990" title="Brzozówek">
Brzozówek

Brzozówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Iłów, west of Sochaczew, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916993" title="Brzozowiec, Masovian Voivodeship">
Brzozowiec, Masovian Voivodeship

Brzozowiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Iłów, north-west of Sochaczew, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916994" title="Budy Iłowskie">
Budy Iłowskie

Budy Iłowskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Iłów, north-west of Sochaczew, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916995" title="Dobki, Masovian Voivodeship">
Dobki, Masovian Voivodeship

Dobki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916996" title="Emilianów, Sochaczew County">
Emilianów, Sochaczew County

Emilianów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916997" title="Emilianów Załuskowski">
Emilianów Załuskowski

Emilianów Załuskowski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Iłów, north-west of Sochaczew, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 130.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19916999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19916999" title="Gilówka Dolna">
Gilówka Dolna

Gilówka Dolna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Iłów, north-west of Sochaczew, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19917002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19917002" title="Gilówka Górna">
Gilówka Górna

Gilówka Górna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłów, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Iłów, north-west of Sochaczew, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 120.
References.
<br>

</doc>
