<doc id="19991654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991654" title="Thomas Baron">
Thomas Baron

Thomas Ronald "Tom" Baron (died 27 April 1967) was a quality control and safety inspector for North American Aviation (NAA), when it was the primary contractor to build the Apollo command module. 
After the Apollo 1 fire Baron wrote a 500-page report on NASA safety protocol violations, which he gave to Rep. Olin E. Teague's investigation at Cape Kennedy, Florida on April 21, 1967. When Baron mentioned the report during his testimony, Teague told him "Your report went to the chairman of the full committee, not to me", and that "something of that length ... we can take it as an exhibit."
Six days after his testimony, Baron was killed instantly, along with his wife and stepdaughter, when a train crashed into their car near their home in Florida. Baron's death, which was witnessed by a woman, was later ruled as an accident, with no suspicion of foul play. The chairman of the NASA Oversight Committee claimed that Baron had made a valuable contribution to the Apollo fire probe, but that he had been "overzealous".
Baron's reports.
Thomas Ronald Baron actually wrote two reports. The first, a 55-page report, was presented to NASA officials in late 1966, alleging improper actions and irregularities he had witnessed while working at the Kennedy Space Center (KSC). NAA managers met with Baron to address his report; they decided that some of Baron's criticisms had merit, but that the rest of his report was inapplicable or unfounded for a variety of reasons. After leaking his report to the media, he was fired. Baron then started to assemble a more thorough report. After the Apollo 1 fire, he delivered this report, containing at least 500 pages, to the Congressional committees investigating the incident.

</doc>
<doc id="19991660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991660" title="Claire Hedenskog">
Claire Hedenskog

Claire Hedenskog (born March 10, 1980) is a Swedish swimmer from Gothenburg, representing Göteborg Sim. Hedenskog participated in the 4x100 m freestyle relay prelims at the 2008 Summer Olympics, where the Swedish team finished 11th.

</doc>
<doc id="19991665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991665" title="The Beast with a Million Eyes">
The Beast with a Million Eyes

The Beast with a Million Eyes is a science-fiction movie about an alien able to see through the eyes of the many creatures he takes control of. It was produced and directed by David Kramarsky, although some sources say that it was co-directed by Lou Place and co-produced by Roger Corman and Samuel Z. Arkoff. The movie was released in 1955 by American Releasing Corporation that later became American International Pictures. In 2007 Metro-Goldwyn Mayer distributed this motion picture as part of its "Midnight Movies" catalog on a double-feature DVD shared with The Phantom from 10,000 Leagues. Filming took place in Indio and the Coachella Valley, California.
Plot.
The isolated Kelley family struggle with their small farm in a bleak landscape. A mysterious plane crash happens nearby. Then wild and domesticated animals and finally their handyman turn on the family and attack. It turns out a space alien (the beast of the title) has taken over the minds of the lesser animals (the 1,000,000 eyes of the title), working its way up to controlling humans as part of a plan to conquer the world. In the end, the family bond together, unite against the alien and their love conquers all.
Production.
The film was a non-union movie originally entitled "The Unseen" with Lou Place to direct. After one day's filming the union threatened to shut down the film unless everyone signed with the Guild. Roger Corman, who was producing, took over the film as director and replaced the cinematographer with Floyd Crosby; however Corman took no official credit. Special effects were done by Paul Blaisdell. The music, credited to John Bickford, was composed by a well-known composer who had been on the Hollywood Blacklist.

</doc>
<doc id="19991712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991712" title="Mogote de Bagaces">
Mogote de Bagaces

Mogote de Bagaces, also known as Guayabo de Bagaces, is a district in Costa Rica, located 23 km north of Bagaces, at the foot of the Miravalles Volcano. The economic activity of Guayabo is based on agriculture (kidney beans, onions, and sugarcane), and on livestock and dairy industry.
Thanks to the energy-producing potential of the Miravalles, the Instituto Costarricense de Electricidad (ICE) started a geothermal project in the region, which brought employment opportunities. Something new in this area is the Eolic Power; more than 25 wind turbines were installed. 
Nowadays, the area's commerce and tourism industries have developed rapidly, taking advantage of the potential offered by the use of thermal waters, horseback riding, and canopy tours.

</doc>
<doc id="19991722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991722" title="Ralph Waldo Emerson Award">
Ralph Waldo Emerson Award

The Ralph Waldo Emerson Award is a non-fiction literary award given by the Phi Beta Kappa society, the nation's oldest academic society, for books that have made the most significant contributions to the humanities. Albert William Levi won the first of these awards, in 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="19991732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991732" title="British Caving Association">
British Caving Association

The British Caving Association (BCA) is the governing body for caving in the United Kingdom, England and Scotland as recognised respectively by the following sports councils - UK Sport, Sport England and SportScotland. Its predecessor was the National Caving Association.
The membership of the BCA is composed of Constituent Bodies, Regional Councils, Clubs and Individuals.
The Constituent Bodies are:
The Regional Councils are:

</doc>
<doc id="19991735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991735" title="Kasteel de Haar">
Kasteel de Haar

Castle De Haar is located near Haarzuilens, in the province of Utrecht in the Netherlands. The current buildings, all built upon the original castle, date from 1892 and are the work of Dutch architect P.J.H. Cuypers, in a Neo-Gothic restoration project funded by the Rothschild family.
The Original Site.
The oldest historical record of a building at the location of the current castle dates to 1391. In that year, the family De Haar received the castle and the surrounding lands as fiefdom from Hendrik van Woerden. The castle remained in the ownership of the De Haar family until 1440, when the last male heir died childless. The castle then passed to the Van Zuylen family. In 1482, the castle was burned down and the walls were torn down, except for the parts that did not have a military function. These parts probably were incorporated into the castle when it was rebuilt during the early 16th century. The castle is mentioned in an inventory of the possessions of Steven van Zuylen from 1506, and again in a list of fiefdoms in the province Utrecht from 1536. The oldest image of the castle dates to 1554 and shows that the castle had been largely rebuilt by then. After 1641, when Johan van Zuylen van der Haar died childless, the castle seems to have gradually fallen into ruins. The castle escaped from total destruction by the French during the "Rampjaar" 1672. In 1890, De Haar was inherited by Etienne Gustave Frédéric Baron van Zuylen van Nyevelt van de Haar, who was married to Baroness Hélène de Rothschild. They contracted architect Pierre Cuypers in 1892 to rebuild the ruinous castle, which took 15 years.
1892 Restoration.
In 1887, the inheritor of the castle-ruins, Etienne van Zuylen van Nijevelt, married Hélène de Rothschild, of the Rothschild family. Fully financed by Hélène's family, the Rothschilds, the couple set about rebuilding the castle from its ruins. For the restoration of the castle, the famous architect Pierre Cuypers was hired. He would be working on this project for 20 years (from 1892 to 1912). The castle has 200 rooms and 30 bathrooms, of which only a small number on the ground floor have been opened to be viewed by the public. In the hall, Cuypers has placed a statue with his own image in a corner of the gallery on the first floor.
The castle was equipped by Cuypers with the most modern gadgets, such as electrical lighting with its own generator, and central heating by way of steam. This installation is internationally recognized as an industrial monument. The kitchen was for that period also very modern and still has a large collection of copper pots and pans and an enormous furnace of approximately 6 metres long, which is heated with peat or coals. The tiles in the kitchen are decorated with the coats of arms of the families De Haar and Van Zuylen, which were for this purpose especially baked in Franeker. Cuypers marked out the difference between the old walls and the new bricks, by using a different kind of brick for the new walls. For the interior Cuypers made a lot of use of cast iron.
In the castle one can see many details which reminds one of the family De Rothschild, such as the David stars on the balconies of the knight's hall, the motto of the family on the hearth in the knight's hall ("A majoribus et virtute") and the coat of arms of the family right underneath on the hearth in the library.
Interior.
The interior of the castle is decorated with richly ornamented woodcarving, which reminds one of the interior of a Roman Catholic church. This carving was made in the workshop of Cuypers in Roermond. The place where later also the interiors of many Roman Catholic churches were made, designed by Cuypers. Cuypers even designed the tableware. The interior is also furnished with many works of the Rothschild collections, including beautiful old porcelain from Japan and China, and several old Flemish tapestries and paintings with religious illustrations. A showpiece is a carrier coach of the woman of a Shogun from Japan. There is only one more left in the world, which stands in a museum in Tokyo. Many Japanese tourists come to De Haar to admire exactly this coach, which was donated from the Rothschilds collections.
Park and gardens.
Surrounding the castle there is a park, designed by Hendrik Copijn, for which Van Zuylen ordered 7000 fully grown trees. Because these could not be transported through the city of Utrecht, Van Zuylen bought a house and tore it down. The park contains many waterworks and a formal garden which reminds one of the French gardens of Versailles. During the Second World War many of the gardens were lost, because the wood was used to light fires, and the soil was used to grow vegetables upon. At this time, the gardens are restored in their old splendor.
For the decoration of the park, the village Haarzuilens, except for the town church, was broken down. The inhabitants were moved to a place a kilometer further up, where a new Haarzuilens arose, where they lived as tenants of the lord of the castle. This new village was also built in a pseudo-medieval style, including a rural village green. The buildings were for the most part designed by Cuypers and his son Joseph Cuypers. At this time (2004) the estate is partly owned by Natuurmonumenten.
The colors of the family Van Zuylen are red and white. The coat of arms consists of three red columns on a white field. The different branches of this family differ slightly on these colours. This coat of arms does not only live on in the colours of the castle, but also in nearly all of the houses of Haarzuilens, even in the newly constructed ones.
Current Ownership.
In 2000, the family Van Zuylen van Nyevelt passed ownership of the castle and the gardens (45 ha) to the foundation Kasteel de Haar. However, the family retains the right to spend one month per year in the castle. In the same year, the Dutch society "Natuurmonumenten" bought the surrounding estate of 400 ha. An extensive restoration programme of the castle and the gardens was initiated in 2001 and is projected to be finished in 2010.
Trivia.
The castle terrain is regularly used for fairs and markets, such as the Elf Fantasy Fair.

</doc>
<doc id="19991756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991756" title="John Sampson (linguist)">
John Sampson (linguist)

John Sampson (1862–1931) was an Irish linguist. As a scholar he is best known for "The Dialect of the Gypsies of Wales" (1926), an authoritative grammar of the Welsh-Romany language. It was written with the collaboration of Edward Wood, who died in 1902. Sampson edited a collection the poetry of William Blake, "Blake's "Poetical Works"", that restored the text from original works and annotated the published variants; Alfred Kazin described this as "the first accurate and completely trustworthy edition'.
Life.
He was born in Schull, County Cork, Ireland, and had to leave school at the age of 14 after his father died. Sampson became librarian at University College, Liverpool in 1892, largely self-taught.
In 1901 he met the artist Augustus John, and they struck up a long friendship, leading to an emphasis in John’s works on Romany subjects.
Sampson's grandson, the writer Anthony Sampson, published a biography of him in 1997 entitled "The Scholar Gypsy: The Quest For A Family Secret".

</doc>
<doc id="19991771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991771" title="Newfoundland Seamounts">
Newfoundland Seamounts

The Newfoundland Seamounts are a group of seamounts offshore of Eastern Canada in the northern Atlantic Ocean. Named for the island of Newfoundland, this group of seamounts formed during the Cretaceous period and are poorly studied.
The Newfoundland Seamounts appear to have formed as a result of the North American Plate passing over the Azores hotspot. Scruncheon Seamount in the middle of the chain has given an isotopic date of 97.7 ± 1.5 million years for the Newfoundland Seamounts. This indicates that the Newfoundland Seamounts were volcanically active in the earliest Cenomanian stage.
Seamounts.
The Newfoundland Seamounts include:

</doc>
<doc id="19991774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991774" title="Tyria">
Tyria

Tyria may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19991783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991783" title="Drop kick (rugby union)">
Drop kick (rugby union)

A drop kick in rugby union is a type of kick that involves someone dropping a ball and then kicking when it hits the ground, in contrast to a punt wherein the dropper kicks the ball without letting it hit the ground first.
In rugby union, a drop kick is used for the kick-off and restarts and to score a field or drop goal. Originally it was one of only two ways to score points, along with the place kick. 
Drop kicks are mandatory:
Drop kicks are optional:
Additionally, in rugby sevens, the drop kick is used for all conversion attempts which must be taken within 40 seconds of the try being scored.
Technique.
The drop kick technique in rugby union is to hold the ball with one end pointing downwards in two hands above the kicking leg, and the fingers pointing to the ground. The ball is dropped onto the ground in front of the kicking foot, which makes contact at the moment or fractionally after the ball touches the ground, called the "half-volley". The kicking foot usually makes contact with the ball slightly on the instep.
In a rugby union kick-off or drop out, the kicker usually aims to kick the ball very high but not a great distance, and so usually strikes the ball after it has started to bounce upwards off the ground, so the contact is made close to the bottom of the ball.
For the tactics of the drop goal in open play (field goal), see drop goal.

</doc>
<doc id="19991785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991785" title="Jonas Persson">
Jonas Persson

Jonas Lars Persson (born 15 December 1983 in Malmö, Sweden) is an Olympic swimmer from Sweden. He swam for his homeland at the 2008 Olympics.
Biography.
Persson was born 15 December 1983 in Slottstaden in Malmö, to Lars and Ingegerd Persson.
In 2002, Jonas Persson won his first individual title in the Swedish Swimming Championships, on 200 m freestyle, after having won a silver in the Swedish Short Course Swimming Championships earlier the same year.
Persson swam and attended school at the USA's University of Arizona for two years (2004–06), and more recently was at the University of Tennessee (2006–09), where he majored in Marketing and International Business.
At the 2008 European Championships, he swam the anchor leg of Sweden's winning 4×100 m freestyle relay; also on the relay were Marcus Piehl, Stefan Nystrand and Petter Stymne. 
Persson also participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics for Sweden in the 100 m freestyle, 4×100 m freestyle relay and the 4×100 medley relay. He finished 13th in the 100 m freestyle and 5th in the 4×100 freestyle relay, alongside Petter Stymne, Lars Frölander and Stefan Nystrand. The medley relay team consisting of Simon Sjödin, Jonas Andersson, Frölander and Persson finished 11th in the prelims.
Persson has been a key member of the Swedish 4×100 m freestyle relay teams during the late 2000s, but missed the 2009 World Aquatics Championships in Rome because of an injured shoulder.
Persson is currently the assistant coach for the University of Utah Swimming & Diving Team.

</doc>
<doc id="19991798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991798" title="Hemicube">
Hemicube

Hemicube can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="19991809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991809" title="Tom and Jerry and Tex Avery Too!">
Tom and Jerry and Tex Avery Too!

Tom and Jerry and Tex Avery Too! Volume 1: The 1950s is a 2006 soundtrack album collecting Scott Bradley's music from Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer's "Tom and Jerry", Droopy, and Tex Avery theatrical animated shorts. These cartoons' soundtracks were selected as the first release as they had the best sound quality. However, no further volumes have been released.

</doc>
<doc id="19991822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991822" title="2009 InterLiga">
2009 InterLiga

The 2009 InterLiga is the 6th edition of the tournament that will determine the last two Mexican spots in the 2009 Copa Libertadores.
Qualification.
The eight qualified teams were the eight best-positioned teams in the 2008 Apertura general table who did not qualify for the 2009 Copa Libertadores (San Luis) directly and did not qualify for the 2008–09 CONCACAF Champions League from the previous season (Atlante, UNAM, Cruz Azul, and Santos Laguna).
Goalscorers.
"As of 12 January 2009."
4 goals
2 goals
1 goal
1 goal (cont.)

</doc>
<doc id="19991834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991834" title="Semisulcospira kurodai">
Semisulcospira kurodai

Semisulcospira kurodai is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Semisulcospiridae. Prior to 2009, this species was classified in the family Pleuroceridae.
Distribution.
This species occurs in Japan.
Description.
The maximum width of the shell of "Semisulcospira kurodai" is and in height in the laboratory. The maximum weight of the animal is in the laboratory.
The width of the shell is in the first year, in the second year, in the third year and in the fourth year in the laboratory.
Ecology.
Habitat.
"Semisulcospira kurodai" lives in rivers and in ponds.
Life cycle.
The female has 17 to 72 embryos in its brood pouch. One female can give life to 62 to 79 newborn snails in the laboratory.
The average size of the shell of a newborn snail varies according to the locality from in width and from in height of the shell.
"Semisulcospira kurodai" can live up to four years in the laboratory.

</doc>
<doc id="19991851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991851" title="The Spirit of Mickey">
The Spirit of Mickey

The Spirit of Mickey is an American 1998 animated direct-to-video anthology film, produced and released by Walt Disney Home Video on July 14, 1998. It features clips from "The Mickey Mouse Club" and "The Wonderful World of Disney" in the introductory scene, and some of the namesake character's shorts, including "The Band Concert", "Lend a Paw", and "Steamboat Willie".
Overview.
Cartoons:

</doc>
<doc id="19991882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991882" title="Mark Marderosian">
Mark Marderosian

Mark Marderosian (born 1955) is a prolific cartoonist, animator and children's book illustrator, a comic book artist and noted toy designer.
Biography.
Early life and career.
Born in Cambridge, Marderosian grew up in Newton, MA. He says that he started drawing when he was seven years old, after his parents took him to see "Pinocchio". After high school Marderosian worked for advertising agencies and an art supply company, where he prepared paste-ups and mechanicals for catalogs. He also drew cartoons and comic strips and freelanced for a few magazines at the same time. In 1979, Marderosian enrolled at Massachusetts College of Art.
Mark Marderosian created the "Delta Tenn" comic books for Paul Howley's Entertainment Publishing in 1987-88. He also worked with Howley on the design of a set of "Classic Toys Trading Cards" around the same time.
Disney years.
After an early-career rejection, Marderosian "finally did get his foot in the Disney door in 1990," working on merchandise related to Jessica Rabbit. Over the course of his career, Marderosian has gone on to illustrate several dozen movie and television tie-in books for Disney, as well as for Golden Books. He has also provided illustrations for other licensed merchandise such as character figurines, story books and coloring books. Among the many characters he has drawn are Mickey Mouse, Mulan, The Little Mermaid, Hello Kitty, and Jimmy Neutron. He is most identified with work on merchandise and books featuring the Disney Princesses. "Because of the constant reprinting, especially in coloring books, somewhere there’s someone looking at something I drew every single day," mused Marderosian.
Editorial cartoonist.
Marderosian began working as the editorial cartoonist for the Newton TAB around 2006. "There aren’t as many editorial cartoonists in this country as there used to be and I’m happy to be able to practice my art and offer my opinions in this manner every week," he said.
Television show.
In 2007, he designed and successfully marketed his own collection of children's stuffed animals called "Angels from the Attic". Each toy set includes a related story book. A coloring book is planned.
In 2010, Marderosian and designer/animator Robert Palmer Jr. created a television program called "Drawing With Mark." Their children’s media company, Big City Publishing, which sells storybooks, coloring books, flash cards, and puzzles, offered to provide the program free of charge to Public-access television cable TV stations. The show has been called "a simple, old-fashioned TV show... that teaches kids how to draw." His "Angels from the Attic" characters appear on the show in animated from. Within five months after the first episode, the program was accepted by 105 Public-access television channels that serve about 150 cities and towns across 25 states. "The show’s overall theme is about helping kids unlock their creativity, especially in these days of brutal budget cuts on so many institutions, which are struggling to present creativity and art in various forms," Marderosian said.
In 2013, the Boston/New England Chapter of the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences nominated "Drawing with Mark" for a Regional Emmy award in the Children's/Youth category.

</doc>
<doc id="19991887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991887" title="Elimia virginica">
Elimia virginica

Elimia virginica, common names the Piedmont elimia or Virginia river snail, is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Pleuroceridae.
Shell description.
"Elimia virginica" belongs to the family Pleuroceridae, a group of snails that have thick, elongated shells. The operculum in this species is proteinaceous, corneous, and paucispiral and is withdrawn when the snail is active.
The shells are dextral and have a very high and narrow spire, with little space in the suture (the incisions between the whorls). This species has two distinct shell morphologies, one smooth and one lirate (i.e. finely lined or grooved).
Specimens of this species often vary in coloration: in general, "Elimia virginica" is yellow to chestnut in hue, but it sometimes has 2 darker brown spiral bands. Juveniles (snails with an aperture height of no more than 7 mm) display the banding more frequently than adults.
Shells of specimens of "Elimia virginica" from New York State and the Connecticut River range from 27 to 33 mm high, with an aperture height of 9–12 mm.
Anatomy.
It is easy to distinguish the female of this species in whole animals, because of the presence of the external genital sinus.
There is known 4 nucleotide sequences and 1 protein sequence of "Elimia virginica" recently in 2008.
Distribution.
Indigenous distribution.
"Elimia virginica" is native to the United States east of the continental divide. The species occurs in large Atlantic coast rivers in eastern North America, from Massachusetts to Virginia. The northeastern limit of the native range of the species is the lower Connecticut River.
The distribution of this species is shrinking in the native Connecticut River, and it is considered rare in Connecticut. Its conservation status in the Connecticut River Watershed is W1 (""a rare species, with 20 or fewer known occurrences in the watershed states"").
Conservation status of "Elimia virginica" is according to NatureServe like this:
Nonindigenous distribution.
The nonindigenous distribution of "Elimia virginica" includes another area in the United States: it migrated from the Atlantic drainage through the Erie Canal to the Lake Ontario drainage.
The first record of this species in the Great Lakes drainage dates from around 1856-1860, when it was found in the Erie Canal near Mohawk, New York State. Populations later increased throughout the canal in the late 19th century, and reached Buffalo, at the mouth of Lake Erie. In the 1960s, this species was recorded from Oneida Lake in New York State.
This species is considered established in the Lake Ontario drainage. However, this species, although introduced to the Lake Ontario drainage, has been largely out-competed by another introduced snail, this one from the Palaearctic ecozone, "Bithynia tentaculata". Thus "Elimia virginica" is now virtually absent from the Oswego drainage, and is possibly very reduced in abundance in other localities where it was introduced, due to such interspecific competition.
There are currently no known impacts caused by introduction of this species to other water bodies.
Ecology.
Habitat.
"Elimia virginica" is found in freshwater rivers and streams with cobble bottoms and boulders. (Pleurocerids are usually found in lotic erosional environments, in riffles or shoals with rock or sand substrate, and especially frequently on rocks in slower areas of medium size reaches.) "Elimia virginica" usually inhabits slow to medium velocity rivers and streams with firm and clean gravel, cobble and rock substrate. Pleurocerids in general are sensitive to abiotic stresses, and "Elimia virginica" is not tolerant to siltation.
In Connecticut, "Elimia virginica" is at the edge of its range, and is most likely limited to hard water habitats only. During collections made in the Connecticut River, the snail was found to inhabit regions with water temperatures up to 27.5 °C, dissolved oxygen between 7 and 14 ppm, CaCO3 concentration from 42-160 ppm, pH from 7.6-9.0 and CO2 concentration from 0-10 ppm. However, at some of these sites, population abundance was very low and/or decreasing, especially in conditions of high water temperature and alkalinity.
Life cycle.
"Elimia virginica" is dioecious. It lays its eggs from spring to summer, in particular in June and July.
This species, unlike softer shelled physid snails, grows very slowly, and has the lowest intrinsic rate of increase (this means that populations grow very slowly), along with "Leptoxis carinata", in this environment.
Individuals of this species are often sexually mature within one year; and can live 5 years.
Feeding habits.
"Elimia virginica" is grazer of epilithic periphyton.
Parasites.
Trematodes are often parasitic in reproductive organs of this species.
Other interspecific relationships.
In the Connecticut River, the shell of "Elimia virginica" is often used as substrate by epizootic algae and the entoproct "Urnatella gracilis".
A short study in the Potomac River, Virginia, found that the snail has a very strong shell that is adapted to withstand predation by such predators as crayfish and ducks. However, there is an evolutionary trade-off between predator defense and rapid growth and reproduction amongst snail populations found in this river.
There is recent evidence for hybridisation (the process of creating intermediate forms called hybrids during interspecific breeding) and introgression between "Elimia virginica" and "Elimia livescens" amongst populations brought into contact due to the opening of the Erie Canal. These two species were formerly completely geographically isolated during glaciation by the Alleghenian Divide: the former was only found in Atlantic Slope drainages, while the latter was only found in Interior Basin drainages. Hybridization and introgression of this kind can put the genetic integrity of a species at severe risk, especially when the population is already small.
References.
This article incorporates public domain text from:

</doc>
<doc id="19991911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991911" title="Elimia livescens">
Elimia livescens

Elimia livescens, common name the liver elimia, is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Pleuroceridae.
Shell description.
The height of the shell of this species can be as large as 20 mm.
Distribution.
"Elimia livescens" is native to the United States. It occurs in the Saint Lawrence River drainage from Great Lake to Lake Champlain; in tributaries of the Ohio River east of the Scioto River in Ohio; and in the Wabash River, west to the Illinois River.
The nonindigenous distribution of "Elimia livescens" includes the lower Hudson River drainage. It migrated to the Hudson River via the Erie Canal. The impact of this introduction is unknown.
Ecology.
Habitat.
This snail is found in freshwater rivers and streams, on rock shoals and gravel bars.
Life cycle.
The sexes are separate. Eggs are usually laid in the spring. The snails often reach sexual maturity in a year, and can live for 5 years.
References.
This article incorporates public domain text from the reference

</doc>
<doc id="19991913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991913" title="1942–43 Serie C">
1942–43 Serie C

The Serie C 1941-1942 was the eighth tournament of this Italian soccer competition.
After the war.
At the end of this season the championship was suspended due to World War II. After the war, the devastation left by the battles on the Gothic Line made travels from one side of the Apennines to the other very difficult. The championship was restarted in 1945 with a transitory season where northern and southern sides took part in nearly separated competitions. For these reasons, the championship composition was deeply changed.

</doc>
<doc id="19991928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991928" title="Premier (South Africa)">
Premier (South Africa)

In South Africa, a Premier is the head of government of one of South Africa's nine provinces. The Premier of a province plays for that province a role similar to that played by the President for the country as a whole.
Election.
Elections for the nine provincial legislatures are held every five years, simultaneously with the election of the National Assembly; the last such election occurred on 22 April 2009. At the first meeting of the provincial legislature after an election, the members choose the Premier from amongst themselves. The legislature can force the Premier to resign by a motion of no confidence. If the Premiership becomes vacant (for whatever reason) the legislature must choose a new Premier to serve out the period until the next election. One person cannot have serve more than two five-year terms as Premier; however, when a Premier is chosen to fill a vacancy the time until the next election does not count as a term.
Role.
In terms of the Constitution, the executive authority of a province is vested in the Premier. The Premier appoints an Executive Council made up of five to ten members of the provincial legislature; they are known as Members of the Executive Council (MECs). The MECs are effectively ministers and the Executive Council a cabinet at the provincial level. The Premier has the power to hire and fire MECs at his/her own discretion.
The Premier and the Executive Council are responsible for implementing provincial legislation, along with any national legislation assigned to the provinces. They set provincial policy and manage the departments of the provincial government; their actions are subject to the national constitution and the provincial constitution (if there is one).
In order for an act of the provincial legislature to become law, the Premier must sign it. If he/she believes that the act is unconstitutional, it can be referred back to the legislature for reconsideration. If the Premier and the legislature cannot agree, the act must be referred to the Constitutional Court for a final decision.
The Premier is also "ex officio" a member of the National Council of Provinces, the upper house of Parliament, as one of the special delegates from his or her province.

</doc>
<doc id="19991933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991933" title="They Don't Make 'em Like My Daddy">
They Don't Make 'em Like My Daddy

"They Don't Make 'em Like My Daddy" is a country music studio album by country music artist, Loretta Lynn. It was released in 1974 on MCA Records. 
The title track of the album rose to #4 on the Billboard Country Chart in 1974; a second single, "Trouble in Paradise," became her eleventh #1 single that same year.
Chart positions.
Album – Billboard (North America)
Singles - Billboard (North America)

</doc>
<doc id="19991990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991990" title="Tyria (river)">
Tyria (river)

The Tyria () is a river in the western part of the Ioannina regional unit in Epirus, Greece. It is a left tributary of the Thyamis. The source of the river Tyria is near the village Platania, on the western slope of the Tomaros mountain. It flows into a generally northwestern direction. It flows into the Thyamis near Vrosina.
The Tyria flows along the following villages, from source to mouth: Koumaria, Seniko, Chinka, Granitsa and Polydoro.

</doc>
<doc id="19991991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991991" title="1942–43 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1942–43 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

Huddersfield Town's 1942–43 campaign saw Town continuing to play in the Wartime League. They finished 5th in the 1st NRL Competition, 6th in the War Cup qualifiers and 8th in the 2nd NRL Competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19991998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991998" title="Ohel (social services)">
Ohel (social services)

Ohel (pronounced Oh'-hel) is a large Jewish social service agency, primarily located in New York City, that provides counseling, crisis intervention, and other services to children and families who are going through or suffering from abuse, domestic violence, marital problems, mental health issues, and/or neglect. As of 2008, Ohel employs over 1200 employees including psychologists, psychiatrists, social workers, case managers, and mental health workers. The agency consists of divisions used to support individuals with mental illness, developmental disabilities, and other psychiatric and psychological difficulties. Ohel also maintains numerous residences for foster care children.
The organization, whose full name is Ohel Children's Home and Family Services, is larger than others with similar missions, such as Mekimi and Harmoney Services.
Ohel was ranked No. 1 in 2007 in New York State by the Office of Children and Family Services for care delivered in its Foster Care programs.

</doc>
<doc id="19991999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19991999" title="Hemi-octahedron">
Hemi-octahedron

A hemi-octahedron is an abstract regular polyhedron, containing half the faces of a regular octahedron.
It has 4 triangular faces, 6 edges, and 3 vertices. Its dual polyhedron is the hemicube.
It can be seen as an square pyramid without its base. It can be realized as a projective polyhedron (a tessellation of the real projective plane by 4 triangles), which can be visualized by constructing the projective plane as a hemisphere where opposite points along the boundary are connected and dividing the hemisphere into four equal parts.
It has an unexpected property that there are two distinct edges between every pair of vertices – any two vertices define a digon.

</doc>
<doc id="19992002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19992002" title="Dragan Radović">
Dragan Radović

Dragan Radović (Cyrillic: Драган Радовић; born 29 September 1976) is a retired Montenegrin footballer who played as a striker. Radović played for Canadian Soccer League side Serbian White Eagles FC.
Radović has retired from football after one season in his first club Iskra Danilovgrad. He is commonly referred to by his nickname Ruso after the famous philosopher.
Following Montenegro's independence in 2006, Radović was the country's first football transfer (transferring to Serbian White Eagles from Mornar).

</doc>
<doc id="19992014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19992014" title="ESC Bretagne Brest">
ESC Bretagne Brest

École Supérieure de Commerce Bretagne Brest (ESC Bretagne Brest), also called The Graduate school of Management of Brittany, France,
is a French business School in the city of Brest in northwestern France.
Founded in 1962, ESC Bretagne Brest provides business and management courses to 900 students. Currently, the school offers 7 different programmes both in French and in English
The school is supported by the Chamber of Commerce and Industry of Brest. 
2013, january the first, the school merged with 3 others to found France Business School 

</doc>
<doc id="19992068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19992068" title="Abdul Aziz Mirza">
Abdul Aziz Mirza

Admiral Abdul Aziz Mirza (Urdu: عبدالعزيز مرزا; b. 1943; HI(M), NI(M)), is a retired four-star rank admiral and former diplomat who served as the fifteenth Chief of Naval Staff (CNS) of Pakistan Navy from 1999 to 2002, and commanded Pakistan Navy during the Indo-Pakistani standoff in 2001. 
Prior to his retirement, Mirza assumed the diplomatic assignment when he was nominated and appointed as Pakistan Ambassador to Saudi Arabia in 2002 until 2005. Admiral Mirza is given credit for commissioning the country's first ingeniously and locally built long-range submarine, the Agosta 90B submarine in 1999.
Personal life.
Mirza was born to British Indian Army's Subedar-Major Lal Khan in a small village (Dahmali) within the vicinity of Kahuta, Rawalpindi. He comes from a family of military service men who had served in the British Army before the creation of Pakistan. He completed his initial years of schooling in his home town before deciding to choose a career in the armed forces and joining Military College Jhelum. 
Education.
A graduate of Military College Jhelum (College No. 2178), Mirza was sent to attend the Pakistan Military Academy and went navy-army training with the 29th PMA Long Course, along with Pervez Musharraf (Mirza's lifelong friend) and Ali Kuli Khan. Mirza shared the same dorm room with Musharraf during his college life and together with Musharraf graduated from the Pakistan Military Academy in 1964. After completing the Navy surface course, Mirza was commissioned in Pakistan Navy in 1965 as Sub-Lieutenant in the 18th Destroyer Squadron. Mirza served in the 1965 war and the 1971 war where he led the joint operations with Musharraf against the Indian Army.
In 1970s, Mirza was sent to attend the National Defence University in Islamabad, where he graduated with the double M.Sc. in War studies and Strategic studies. In 1989, as Commander, he served as an Adjunct professor at the Pakistan Navy War College and joined the faculty of defence studies. Later, he was assigned to the Pakistan Navy Academy in 1990 as a professor of English Literature, where as Captain, Mirza served as the teaching faculty at the Pakistan Naval Academy.
Career in the Navy.
Between Indo-Pakistan wars.
In 1966, Mirza joined the elite Naval Special Service Group and was stationed at PNS Dhaka, the headquarter of Eastern Military High Command of Pakistan Armed Forces in East-Pakistan. As Lieutenant, he served as a military advisor to East-Pakistan Army initially tasked with intelligence management. His field experience took place when Mirza became commander of his Navy Group and actively participated in naval ground operations of the 1971 Indo-Pak Winter War whilst commanded a small company of Marines against the Indian Army, and led the little success in given missions. Soon, he was recalled to Pakistan and joined the joint staff in Karachi and served with Pervez Musharraf in a joint army-navy operations against the Indian Army.
Staff appointments.
In 1975, he was promoted to Lieutenant-Commander; and Commander in 1980. In 1985, he was promoted to Captain; and finally Mirza was promoted to one-star rank, Commodore, and was made Commander Destroyer Squadron while being the Commanding Officer of "PNS Badr" (a rare and unusual occurrence) in 1993. Finally, in 1997, Mirza was promoted to two-star commanding rank of Rear Admiral, picked up the assignment at the Ministry of Defence as Additional Secretary-III in 1997. In 1998, he was promoted as three-star rank, Vice-Admiral, where he was made Vice Chief of Naval Staff. Before taking over, Vice-Admiral Mirza was serving as the Vice Chief of Naval Staff (VCNS).
Kargil war.
As Vice-Admiral, he led the Navy after the tension in both country's risen. Though, both country were not at war, he was made the theater commander at the Runn Kutch's naval expedition. Later, he held a press conference with then-Minister for Information and Broadcasting Mushahid Hussain Syed where he briefed the nation on Navy's operation if such Indian Navy launched the operations against the Pakistan Navy.
On October 6, 1999, he was promoted to full four-Star rank by Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif at the time, and was made Admiral in the Pakistan Navy taking over as the Chief of Naval Staff when Admiral Fasih Bokhari, a war veteran, resigned in protest from the Navy as Admiral Bokhari was denied the Chairmanship of Joint Chiefs of Staff Committee.
He served over 17 years in the submarine service and, before holding the post of the Chief of Naval Staff, he was overseeing the Agosta 90B class submarine construction project in various capacities. During Mirza's time as naval chief, Pakistan built its first indigenous submarine, the French designed AGOSTA 90B Class Submarine.
Post-retirement.
In 2004, Aziz Mirza while serving as Ambassador of Pakistan in Saudi Arabia, was decorated with the rank of Chevalier of the Legion of Honour by the government of France. French Ambassador Bernard Poletti to Saudi Arabia decorated the rank on behalf of the French President to the Ambassador in recognition of his outstanding contribution as the Chief of Naval Staff in Pakistan for the enhancement of co-operation between the navies of both the countries. The ceremony was attended by the Pakistani and French diplomats in Saudi Arabia, distinguished dignitaries of both the communities and a large number of ambassadors from diplomatic corps.
During Pervez Musharraf's military rule, Mirza was replaced by Admiral Shahid Karimullah as the naval chief when he was due to retire in 2002. He was again replaced by Karimullah as Pakistan Ambassador to Saudi Arabia in 2005.
On January 14, 2010, Admiral Mirza gives credence to the recent French investigative report that talked of almost $49 million kickbacks in the Agosta-submarine deal allegedly received by now-President Asif Ali Zardari, former Chief of Naval Staff Admiral (deposed) Mansurul Haq and some of the Naval officers, disclosing that the then Benazir government had urged the Pakistan Navy to go for the French subs.
Currently, Mirza is working as an executive at The Centaurus in Islamabad, overseeing and managing the construction project of a contemporary modern, luxurious master-planned community that integrates residential amenities with a world class shopping mall, a 5-star hotel, corporate and entertainment facilities.

</doc>
<doc id="19992072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19992072" title="1949–50 Greek Cup">
1949–50 Greek Cup

The Greek Cup 1949–50 was the eighth edition of The Greek Football Cup, or Greek Cup for short.
The competition culminated with the Greek Cup Final, held at Apostolos Nikolaidis Stadium, Athens on 28 May 1950. The match was contested by AEK Athens and Aris, with AEK Athens taking the title 4–0.
Final.
The 8th Greek Cup Final was played at the Apostolos Nikolaidis Stadium, Athens.

</doc>
<doc id="19992097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19992097" title="2009 Campeonato Brasileiro Série D">
2009 Campeonato Brasileiro Série D

In 2009, the Campeonato Brasileiro Série D, the fourth division of the Brazilian League, is currently being contested for first time in history. The competition has 40 clubs, four of which will eventually qualify to the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C to be contested in 2010.
Competition format.
The 40 teams are divided in ten groups of 4, playing within them in a double round-robin format. The two best ranked in each group at the end of 6 rounds will qualify to the Second Stage, which will be played in home-and-away system. Winners advance to Third Stage along with the three losers with best record in previous stages. The quarterfinal winners will be promoted to the Série C 2010. As there is no Série E, technically there will be no relegation. However, teams who were not promoted will have to re-qualify for Série D 2010 through their respective state leagues.
Participating teams.
Sorted by state, ordered by CBF State Ranking as of December 2007 [http://www.cbf.com.br/ranking/ranking_uf.pdf]. Each state federation has its own criteria to indicate a club to this tournament.
Results.
First Stage.
Group 1.
1 Match won by WO.
Second Stage.
Teams in the left column played second match at home.
Third Stage.
Teams in the left column play second match at home.
Three of the five 3rd stage losers qualify due to their overall record:
Bracket.
(p) won on penalty shootout.
(a) won by away goals rule.
Quarterfinals.
Teams in the left column play second match at home.
Semifinals.
Teams in the left column play second match at home.
Finals.
Teams in the left column play second match at home.

</doc>
<doc id="19992098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19992098" title="Beyond Colossal">
Beyond Colossal

Beyond Colossal is Dozer's fifth studio album. It was recorded at Studios 301, Stockholm and Rockhouse Studios, Borlänge. The record was mixed at Tri-Lamb Studios by their former drummer Karl Daniel Lidén. Beyond Colossal was released on Small Stone Records.
Track listing.
All tracks by Dozer
Personnel.
Artist.
Artwork and album design done by Nathan Lavertue.

</doc>
<doc id="19992120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19992120" title="Neotu Gallery">
Neotu Gallery

Néotù was a contemporary furniture gallery founded in 1984 in Paris.
Gérard Dalmon (b. 1945), a computer consultant at Cap Gemini, and Pierre Staudenmeyer (1952—2007), a marketing consultant, established the Galerie Néotù in 1984 in Paris, France, on the rue de Verneuil, then in 1985 on the rue du Renard. Galerie Néotù sold contemporary furniture and other items by primarily French designers, artists, and architects. The items were produced in limited editions, some unique. The gallery assisted with production and was instrumental in establishing some of the young, essentially unknown French designers of the 1980s and 1990s, who have since become members of the current who's who of French and international design.
The enterprise pursued an approach to design, which was in the trend of the time, and focused on designers whose work was known as art furniture. Dalmon and Staudenmeyer's effort can be favorably compared to others active from the mid-1980s, such as Rick Kaufman’s Art et Industrie gallery and Michael Steinberg’s Furniture of the Twentieth Century gallery, both in New York City.
In 1990, a branch was established in New York City, and, in 1992, the Galerie Néotù began representing VIA (the French furniture association) in the U.S.
Néotù closed in 2001.
Designers.
Galerie Néotù has shown and sometimes manufactured works by furniture designers, architects, and artists.

</doc>
<doc id="19992122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19992122" title="David Lunn">
David Lunn

David Ramsay Lunn (born 17 July 1930) is a former Bishop of Sheffield in the Church of England. Lunn was born on Tyneside, he served as Bishop of Sheffield from 1980 to 1997.
An Anglo-Catholic, he was opposed to the ordination of women, seeing it as an issue that needed an examination at an ecumenical level. During his episcopacy, he oversaw an increase in lay ministry within the diocese, but also increased the number of clergy, and improved the diocese's financial position. The period also saw the creation of the Nine O'Clock Service within one of the diocese's churches. Initially this seemed to be a successful attempt to broaden the appeal of the church, but in the end the project collapsed, and required strong leadership from Lunn to heal the resulting wounds. Following the Hillsborough Disaster, he implemented the clergy disaster plan to improve the church's response to such disasters in future.
In 1997 Lunn was awarded an honorary LL.D. degree by Sheffield University. On retirement he became an assistant bishop in the Diocese of York.
Works.
Lunn wrote a multi-volume history of the area covered by the diocese including "Rivers, Rectors and Abbots" and "Kings, Canals and Coal"
A keen gardener, he also wrote the booklet "Roses Wild: A littlle book by the Bishop of Sheffield concerning the roses in his garden at Bishopscroft"

</doc>
<doc id="19992127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19992127" title="Bill McGlaughlin">
Bill McGlaughlin

William "Bill" McGlaughlin (b. October 3, 1943) is an American composer, conductor, music educator, and Peabody Award-winning classical music radio host. He is the host and music director of the public radio programs "Exploring Music" and "Saint Paul Sunday".
A nationally noted radio commentator, Bill McGlaughlin is known for his cheerful, open, and down-to-earth personality on classical music radio. Beyond his career as a broadcaster and music educator, McGlaughlin has also spent a decade as a professional orchestral musician, over three decades as a conductor, and a decade as a successful composer. McGlaughlin views the more recent, radio broadcast aspect of his musical career as outreach — as a way to keep classical music from becoming an increasingly marginalized art form, with ever smaller and older audiences.
Early life.
McGlaughlin was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and his unusual accent stems from his Philadelphia childhood and the influence of his Scottish-American grandfather, with whom he lived during his early childhood and late teens. Bill absorbed the music of opera at a very young age, as his draftsman father listened while in his at-home workshop. When Bill was 6, his father gave him a harmonica, and together they enjoyed playing their favorite opera melodies by ear. His father also had many instrumental classical albums, which Bill enjoyed listening to in his own bedroom. Bill's mother, a high-school English teacher, was also a music lover.
At the age of 14, McGlaughlin received his first piano lesson, quite by accident — his younger brother had been taking a series of pre-paid piano lessons but abruptly quit, so Bill was given the remainder. By his second lesson, McGlaughlin knew he wanted to be a professional musician, and began practicing eight hours a day.
Musical career.
Performing.
In high school, McGlaughlin took up the trombone, which he further studied in college, obtaining his Bachelor of Music degree from Philadelphia's Temple University in 1967. 
Upon graduation in 1967 he became Assistant Principal Trombonist of the Philadelphia Orchestra, a position he held through 1968. From 1969 to 1975 McGlaughlin was Co-Principal Trombonist of the Pittsburgh Symphony. 
In addition, during these years in Pennsylvania, McGlaughlin performed in groups such as the Pittsburgh Symphony Players, which he founded in 1973, the Penn Contemporary Players, and the Philadelphia Composers Forum. He also performed as trombonist during many of his 1975–1982 years with the Saint Paul Chamber Orchestra. 
Conducting.
Orchestral performance sparked McGlaughlin's interest in conducting — an interest which was encouraged by Pittsburgh Symphony's William Steinberg. In 1969 he completed a Master of Music degree in conducting at Temple University, studying under Robert Page; and in addition he received private instruction and tutelage from William R. Smith, Associate Conductor of the Philadelphia Orchestra, and Max Rudolf. McGlaughlin also became assistant conductor of the Pittsburgh Symphony Chamber Orchestra during his period with the Pittsburgh Symphony.
During McGlaughlin's years as a trombonist after his masters degree, he brought a full orchestral score to rehearsals, taking careful notes on how good and poor conductors handled difficult passages. In 1973, he asked Georg Solti whether he should pursue a conducting career; Solti encouraged him, but insisted he needed an orchestra to practice with. McGlaughlin formed three orchestras in Pittsburgh that year — an orchestra of college students, the Pittsburgh Camerata, and the Upper Partials Chamber Players. His practice paid off: In 1975, he was awarded the Exxon-Arts Conducting Endowment, and an assistant conductorship at the Saint Paul Chamber Orchestra.
This led to a series of conducting positions:
During his 12-year tenure with the Kansas City Symphony, McGlaughlin greatly expanded the orchestra's repertoire, commissioned many new works, recorded albums, made two nationwide television broadcasts, including a Christmas special with the King's Singers, greatly strengthened the orchestra's reputation, and brought it to a state of "unparalleled artistic and financial success." In addition, McGlaughlin received five ASCAP Adventurous Programming Awards for his continued performing of contemporary music, and for aiding Kansas City Symphony audiences in understanding the composers' intentions in these works. 
McGlaughlin has also continuously had numerous guest conducting engagements, from a great variety of orchestras around the U.S.
Composing.
McGlaughlin was early on a champion of living composers and new music, dating back to his Pennsylvania days and his involvement with groups such as the Penn Contemporary Players and the Philadelphia Composers Forum. McGlaughlin himself founded the Pittsburgh Camerata (1973), which focused on contemporary music, and he was a steady proponent of living composers' works in Kansas City as well. Eventually, this championing became a desire to compose on his own.
In 1998, McGlaughlin left his conducting position and moved to New York City to concentrate on composing. Prompted by the death of a friend who was a Kansas City pianist and composer, McGlaughlin's first major work was "Three Dreams and a Question: Choral Songs on e.e. cummings" — which he debuted with the Kansas City Symphony on April 28, 1998, to an enthusiastic audience and press. Some of the other 20 works he created in his first decade of composing, most of them commissioned, include: "Aaron's Horizons" (a tribute to colleague Aaron Copland); "Echoes", for horn trio; "Angelus", a 9/11 remembrance; "Three Pieces for Wind Trio"; "Bagatelles", for saxophone quartet; "The Heart's Light: An Essay for Orchestra"; "Three by Six", for chamber ensemble; and "The Bells of St. Ferdinand", for orchestra.
For a millennial celebration, McGlaughlin was chosen from a field of 350 composers to write a major new work for Continental Harmony, a nationwide cultural initiative commissioned by the National Endowment for the Arts and the American Composers Forum. The composition, "Walt Whitman's Dream", premiered in July 2000, and celebrated the new millennium with a combined chorus of nearly 800 singers from around the world, accompanied by orchestra.
On December 15, 2005, the national two-hour daily NPR classical music radio program "Performance Today" announced that out of all of the music aired that week, McGlaughlin's new composition "Remembering Icarus" garnered the most, and the most heartfelt, listener response. The piece has been re-broadcast on radio three times.
Discussing his own music, McGlaughlin describes his compositional style as more intuitive than intellectual, and says that he does not shun tonality: "I think when composers turn completely away from tonality, they lose a big part of storytelling." Some of his work incorporates or references elements of jazz — for instance "Bela's Bounce", an homage to Béla Bartók and Charlie Parker.
Radio career.
"Saint Paul Sunday".
In the late 1970s, during his conducting stint in Saint Paul, Minnesota, McGlaughlin often spoke to the audience before a performance, informally explaining the program and what to listen for. Garrison Keillor heard him, and invited McGlaughlin to fill in occasionally as host of his daily morning radio show on Minnesota Public Radio (MPR). MPR producer Tom Voegeli came up with the idea for a new show: "Saint Paul Sunday Morning", with McGlaughlin as host. MPR had just received a public radio communications satellite uplink, as well as seed money to develop a few pilot shows for national distribution. Voegeli wanted a program which would present world-class musicians, in an informal live setting in MPR's new state-of-the-art studio, to a national audience. Voegeli also wanted McGlaughlin to sound like himself — a musician — rather than like a broadcaster, and to share his own intimate, animated enthusiasm with listeners.
The show, now called "Saint Paul Sunday", debuted locally in 1980, and went national via syndication in 1981. The weekly one-hour show features live in-studio performances by and interviews with the world's top classical musicians, both soloists and ensembles. It is America's most widely listened to weekly classical music program produced by public radio, and airs on approximately 200 stations nationwide. The show, with McGlaughlin as host and music director since its inception, was awarded the Peabody Award in 1995.
McGlaughlin's enthusiasm for the show and the music is evident: "If I had been able to imagine "Saint Paul Sunday" as a kid," he says, "I think I’d have been in ecstasy at the idea of having the whole wide world of music to run around in, and best of everything, to be able to bring friends along."
"Exploring Music".
In 2002, Steve Robinson, Vice President of WFMT Radio Network, approached McGlaughlin to host a daily radio show, which would showcase and explicate great works of classical music.
Robinson notes, "As far as I'm concerned, no one can top Bill in the way he conveys his passion for music on the radio." The show, "Exploring Music", debuted nationally in 2003, and has proved very popular with audiences of all ages and levels of expertise. The program, which explores a single classical music theme each week in one-hour daily episodes, has been praised for the enthusiasm and relatability with which it brings classical music appreciation to a large audience, and as of 2008 has over 500,000 listeners. 
"Exploring Music" garnered McGlaughlin, as its host and music director, the Lifetime Achievement Award from Fine Arts Radio International in 2004, "because he has taken up the music education baton implicitly passed to him by the late Karl Haas, whose "Adventures in Good Music" has metamorphized into "Exploring Music", with an ear tuned to the evolving trends of the 21st-century classical audience." Fine Arts Radio International concluded by saying, ""Exploring Music", with its weekly thematic concept, provides the classical radio listener with both in-depth education and compelling radio listening, a balance that is rarely achieved." In 2011, the Association of Music Personnel in Public Radio presented McGlaughlin with the AMPPR Lifetime Achievement Award, citing "McGlaughlin's incredibly knowledgeable but always inviting and warm presence with which he guides listeners to discover the heart, soul and humor of the music he plays."
Additional media appearances.
McGlaughlin has been the co-host of the nationally syndicated radio series "Center Stage from Wolf Trap" since its inception in 1999. He is also the host, since 2007, of the newly relaunched nationally syndicated radio series "Concerts from the Library of Congress."
In addition to these and to "Saint Paul Sunday" and "Exploring Music", since 1986 McGlaughlin has also hosted, and occasionally conducted, a number of radio and television programs on NPR, PRI, PBS, and the BBC, and on local NPR affiliates. He also lectures at and hosts live concerts and concert series and other musical events around the country.
Drawing upon his expertise as a conductor and his abilities as a music commentator, McGlaughlin contributed one of the ten chapters in the 2008 book, "Leonard Bernstein: American Original." Editor Barbara Haws describes McGlaughlin's chapter, "On the Podium: Intellect and Energy," in her introduction to the book:
Personal life.
McGlaughlin lives in New York City with his longtime partner, four-time Grammy-nominated jazz singer Karrin Allyson. The couple met in the early 1990s in Kansas City. McGlaughlin has co-produced and assisted on most of Allyson's CDs, and also often accompanies her on the road when she is touring. He continues to compose, and continues to do guest conducting, concert hosting and lecturing, and other classical-music outreach around the country. He has two grown children from a former marriage.
External links.
Biography
Interviews
Additional radio broadcasts
Compositions
Performance
Writing

</doc>
<doc id="19992131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19992131" title="After.Life">
After.Life

After.Life is a 2009 American psychological thriller film starring Liam Neeson, Christina Ricci and Justin Long, directed by Agnieszka Wójtowicz-Vosloo from her original screenplay.
Plot.
Middle school teacher Anna Taylor (Christina Ricci) attends a funeral of her piano teacher where she encounters the solemn owner of the funeral home, Eliot Deacon (Liam Neeson). That night Anna argues with her boyfriend Paul (Justin Long), leaves in a panic, and gets in a traffic accident. She awakens in a morgue finding the morgue director, Eliot, dressing her wounds and telling her she has died. He tells Anna he has a gift to assist the dead accept their deaths. It is revealed that Eliot talks to the dead and has a collection of photographs of corpses whom, it is implied, he has helped to "cross over". Eliot injects Anna regularly with a chemical to "relax the muscles and keep rigor mortis from setting in."
Anna unsuccessfully attempts to escape several times; Eliot tells her she must let go of life as she had not really been living anyway. Eventually, Anna escapes and finds a room with a phone where she reaches Paul, who hangs up thinking it's a prank. Anna comes to believe she has actually died when Eliot allows her to see her corpse-like self in a mirror. One of Anna's students sees her and alerts Paul, who becomes suspicious that she is still alive. Paul requests to see Anna's body but Elliot does not allow it.
During the final preparation for the funeral, Anna asks to see herself one last time. Eliot holds up a small mirror, and while she stares at herself she notices her breath condensing on the glass and begins to believe she has been alive all along. Eliot injects her one last time to make her numb. At the funeral, as Paul views Anna's body, she twitches her eyes but is unable to get his attention . Paul places the engagement ring he intended to give her the night of the crash on her finger and kisses her. 
After the funeral, Paul drinks heavily telling Eliot he knew Anna was not dead. Anna is shown awakening to the sound of earth being shoveled onto her coffin. She cries out and desperately scratches the satin lining of her coffin lid. As she slowly dies of suffocation, Eliot suggests Paul should find out whether Anna is actually dead or not before it is too late. Driving under the influence of alcohol, Paul rushes to the cemetery. There is an ambiguous cut before he is shown digging up Anna's grave finding her alive. The two embrace and Anna tells Paul she has always loved him. As they hug, Paul is curious about odd sounds he hears; Anna explains it is the sound of Eliot's gloves and scissors on the table as he prepares Paul's body. Paul sees Anna disappearing, then a bright flash of headlights. A moment later, he finds himself in the morgue with Eliot standing over him preparing his body. Paul says he saw Anna, but Eliot lies and tells him that he never made it to the cemetery due to a car accident which killed him. Paul pleads that he is alive until the moment Eliot inserts a trocar deep into his torso.
Production.
"After.Life" completed filming in New York at the end of December 2008 with Bill Perkins and Celine Rattray as producers. Galt Niederhoffer and Pam Hirsch are executive producing for Plum Pictures with Edwin Marshall and James Swisher executive producing for Harbor Light. Scenes were filmed in Lynbrook, New York in early December 2008.
Release.
"After.Life" premiered at the AFI Film Festival in Los Angeles on November 7, 2009. Anchor Bay Entertainment, a division of Overture Films, has acquired theatrical rights for the U.S. and the U.K. The film received an R-rating for the multiple nude scenes with Christina Ricci and was released on 9 April 2010 in a limited release. Anchor Bay released the DVD and Blu-ray on 3 August 2010.
Reception.
Critical reception.
"After.Life" has received negative reviews. Review aggregate Rotten Tomatoes reports that 29% of 49 critics have given the film a positive review, holding an average score of 4.6/10. According to the website, the film's critical consensus is, "It has an interesting premise and admirable ambitions, but After.Life fails to deliver enough twists or thrills to sustain its creepy atmosphere." Review aggregate Metacritic has given the film a weighted score of 36/100, based on 21 reviews, indicating "Generally unfavorable reviews". DreadCentral rated the film 2.5/5 stars and called it "a competent but disappointing thriller." Bloody Disgusting rated it 3/5 stars and described it as "a plodding reflection on mortality disguised as a psychological thriller". In a negative review for "The New York Times", Manohla Dargis wrote that "the few good ideas are inevitably thwarted by the filmmaking". James Berardinelli rated the film 3/4. Berardinelli wrote that the film "has flaws aplenty" but it is arresting and unsettling.

</doc>
<doc id="19992154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19992154" title="The Lady of the Shroud">
The Lady of the Shroud

The Lady of the Shroud is a novella by Bram Stoker (the author of "Dracula"), written in 1909.
Rupert Saint Leger inherits his uncle's estate worth more than one million pounds, on condition that he live for a year in his uncle's castle in the Land of the Blue Mountains on the Dalmatian coast. There Rupert tries to win the trust of the conservative mountaineer population by using his fortune to buy them modern arms (from a South American country that has unexpectedly found itself at peace) for their fight against Turkish invasion (the story was written shortly before the Balkan Wars). One wet night, he is visited in his room in the castle by a pale woman wearing a wet shroud, seeking warmth. He lets her dry herself before his fire, and she flees before morning. She visits several more times, all at night, and they hardly speak, but he falls in love with her, despite thinking she is a vampire. He visits the local church and finds her in a glass-topped stone coffin in the crypt. Despite misgivings he declares his love, be she living or undead, and she arranges the marriage in an Orthodox ceremony conducted by candlelight in the church one night, although he still does not know her name, and she says she must still live alone in the crypt for the present.
Soon afterwards, she is kidnapped by a forward party of Turkish troops, and he learns that she, Teuta, is not undead, but the living daughter of the local Voivode, who is currently returning from a visit to America. She had fallen into a trance, and was declared dead, but then revived, and the local leaders and clergy spread a story of vampirism which was more acceptable, after the (mistaken) news of her death, to the uneducated locals than the truth. Living up to this story, she had spent her days in the coffin in the crypt, but during heavy rain when the crypt flooded, came out seeking warmth in the castle in which she had grown up, and knew all the secret entrances, and hence her meetings with Rupert behind locked gates.
Rupert leads a relief force which kills her kidnappers and rescues her. But news immediately arrives that the voivode has just returned to the country only to be kidnapped by Turks himself. They race back to the coast, and Rupert unloads an aeroplane with a near-silent engine from the munitions ship which has also just arrived, along with sets of bullet-proof clothes. The kidnapped Voivode is tracked to a nearby castle ruin, and Rupert pilots the plane onto the castle wall as if it were a balloon or dirigible, lowers Teuta by rope to her father. He dons a set of the bullet proof clothes which Teuta and Rupert are also wearing, and Rupert hauls both up to the aircraft which he silently flies off. The castle is then attacked by local troops and the Turks defeated.
Teuta subsequently reveals her marriage to Rupert to her father, who welcomes him into the family, and the country.
The book is an epistolary novel, narrated in the first person via letters and diary extracts from various characters, but mainly Rupert. The initial sections, leading up to the reading of the uncle's will, told by other characters, suggest that Rupert is the black sheep of the family, and the conditions of having to live in the castle in the Blue Mountains for a year before he can permanently inherit the unexpectedly large million-pound estate suggest the uncle is somehow testing the heir. The will itself is given in full as a complicated document with several extra sealed attachments.

</doc>
<doc id="19992166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19992166" title="The Huge Hefner Chronicles">
The Huge Hefner Chronicles

Huge Hefner Chronicles is the first studio album by Diamond D released through a label in over 10 years and is different from his previous works in the way that it features a wide range of different producers rather than Diamond crafting the beats himself like on previous releases. Diamond says the inspiration to do make an album with other producers came from the late producer/MC J Dilla who made a similar album, "Pay Jay", for MCA Records that got scrapped. <br>The Huge Hefner Chronicles was released in late 2008 and is the first of a 2-album contract with Babygrande Records.

</doc>
<doc id="19992186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19992186" title="Exploring Music">
Exploring Music

Exploring Music is an internationally syndicated radio program featuring classical music, with commentary and analysis by host Bill McGlaughlin. It is a daily, one-hour show with a single in-depth theme each week. The show, which debuted in 2003, is produced by WFMT Radio Network. "Exploring Music" is in many ways the heir to the late Karl Haas' popular long-running show, "Adventures in Good Music", expanded and updated for a 21st-century audience.
As of 2013, "Exploring Music" airs on 55 U.S. radio stations and has over 400,000 live listeners weekly. In Australia, "Exploring Music" airs on 3MBS at 9 AM, and on 4MBS at 7 PM. The show is also listenable worldwide via live-streaming audio and, as of 2013, via on-demand streaming of all its past shows.
Program description.
"Exploring Music" delves into a wide variety of topics in classical music, and each five-program, one-week series has a single theme. Weekly themes have included weeklong studies of the music of dozens of composers, explorations of various cultures, styles, forms, and time periods, and dozens of other topics and areas of exploration.
A very small sampling of weekly topics includes such themes as:
Over two dozen classical composers — e.g. Schumann, Bartók, Grieg, Debussy, Vaughan Williams, Stravinsky, and Bernstein — have also had weekly themes devoted exclusively to their lives and music. These programs are intimate biographies which include the composer's early life, education, historical and musical influences, personal life, and emotional and musical development, plus numerous musical pieces each day. Several composers, including Schubert, Brahms, Tchaikovsky, Mahler, and Shostakovich, have had a two-week theme devoted to their lives and works. Bach, Mozart, and Beethoven have each had several series centered around their works. Approximately one week per month is devoted to the life and works of a single composer. 
"Exploring Music" is geared to all ages and to any level of musical knowledge. Host Bill McGlaughlin guides the listener into the music through various means: revealing the stories behind compositions, adding analysis and illustrations at the piano, exploring the interlocking nature of music and ideas, referencing the historical context of pieces and trends, and also giving his insight as a professional musician, conductor, and composer. 
Each week McGlaughlin weaves a deepening narrative around the topic at hand, and aims to make exploring classical music fun. "Drawing people inside the music seems the clue to me," he says. "Human beings are wired for delight when we figure something out." Occasionally music from other genres — such as jazz, ethnic/world music, folk/traditional music, or pop standards — is aired, to liven up the discussion and illustrate points. 
The piano is another tool McGlaughlin frequently employs to get concepts across. Of his original decisions about the show's format, McGlaughlin says, "It’s very hard to talk about music on the radio unless you can hear a sound, so I said I need a piano. Instead of saying 'a minor third,' I can play it. I wanted to make certain that what you could hear was prominent."
Inception and history.
In 2002, Steve Robinson, Vice President of WFMT Radio Network, approached Peabody Award-winner Bill McGlaughlin to host a new daily radio show, which would showcase and explicate great works of classical music. McGlaughlin had spent 22 years as host and music director of "Saint Paul Sunday", the nationally syndicated weekly chamber music performance and interview show. His credentials also included decades as a professional musician, conductor, and composer. Regarding his choice of McGlaughlin as host, Steve Robinson stated, "As far as I'm concerned, no one can top Bill in the way he conveys his passion for music on the radio." 
Development of the new program was funded by a special grant from the National Endowment for the Arts, in November 2002. The show debuted nationally on October 6, 2003. "Exploring Music" in essence replaced Karl Haas' long-running show, "Adventures in Good Music", since the aging and retired Haas had recorded no new episodes of his show after 2002. When encore broadcasts of "Adventures in Good Music" ceased entirely on June 29, 2007, "Exploring Music" gained an even wider national listenership, as it was then scheduled in the retired show's time slot on many radio stations.
In 2013, after repeated requests from listeners and following years of negotiation with recorded-music copyright lawyers, "Exploring Music" reached ground-breaking legal agreements which allow it to stream any of its past shows on demand from its site.
Popular and critical reception.
McGlaughlin's highly informed, yet relatable and enthusiastic presentation has appealed to radio audiences of all ages, including younger listeners. According to "Chicago Tribune" music critic John von Rhein, "Bill McGlaughlin's folksy but informed manner as host of the popular radio series "Exploring Music" has pulled thousands of listeners into the classical experience." Executive Producer Steve Robinson reported in 2007:
As of 2013, "Exploring Music" has over 400,000 listeners to the live show. Host and music director Bill McGlaughlin received the Lifetime Achievement Award in 2004 from Fine Arts Radio International, which stated that, ""Exploring Music", with its weekly thematic concept, provides the classical radio listener with both in-depth education and compelling radio listening, a balance that is rarely achieved." The show also garnered Bill McGlaughlin and producer Steve Robinson the Dushkin Award from the Music Institute of Chicago, in 2008. In 2011, in presenting McGlaughlin their Lifetime Achievement Award, the Association of Music Personnel in Public Radio noted that "Bill McGlaughlin’s incredibly knowledgeable but always inviting and warm presence can ... be heard on "Exploring Music", a daily program begun in 2002 in which he guides listeners to discover the heart, soul and humor of the music he plays."
Production and distribution.
Since McGlaughlin lives in New York City, and the WFMT production studio is in Chicago, production of "Exploring Music" occurs in two locations. After choosing a topic, McGlaughlin does extensive research at the Lincoln Center Library for the Performing Arts, and via his own resources such as the 30-volume "Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians". The Chicago producers collect 30 to 50 hours of relevant music selection samples, with their liner notes, from WFMT's extensive library in Chicago, and send them to McGlaughlin — by making low-resolution MP3 files of them, burning them onto DVDs, and FedExing them. In New York, the team at radio station WQXR also combs their music library for more possibilities, and places the audio into iTunes for McGlaughlin to review. 
After sorting through and choosing which music selections to present, and finalizing his research and ideas, McGlaughlin then records the voice-track portion of the week's five one-hour shows, in the studios of WQXR in New York. The recording session is monitored in real time in Chicago via either ISDN or telephone. This allows McGlaughlin, his New York recording engineer, and the Chicago producers to interact freely, as if they were all in the same recording studio. McGlaughlin often voices the same narration section multiple ways, attempting to find the most concise and entertaining way to present the information, which also gives the producers editing options when they finalize each show. 
The voice-track audio files for the week's five shows are then sent to Chicago, where they are edited for time, and the high-resolution music selections are added in. This post-production process involves making artistic choices regarding which of Bill's narration samples to use, and how to present and place Bill's piano examples, snippet examples from CDs, and the musical pieces themselves. Choices are also made with timing in mind; extra movements or an extra unannounced musical snippet at the end of the show are added if a show runs short.
Once each program is completed, a CD is made and given to the WFMT uplink department. The show is then distributed to radio stations around the country three ways: Physical duplicates are made of the master CD and shipped; the show is uploaded to the Content Depot server for automatic internet distribution; and the show is also uplinked over satellite. Listeners nationwide and even worldwide are then able to hear "Exploring Music", either broadcast on their local radio station, or via the internet through any one of over 30 online radio stations.
Listening options.
"Exploring Music" airs daily on 55 public and commercial radio stations in the U.S. It can also be listened to worldwide at various times of the day and night via the numerous radio stations that offer free live streaming audio online. In Australia, "Exploring Music" airs on 3MBS at 9 AM, and on 4MBS at 7 PM; in Guam it airs on KPRG at 10 AM.
As of May 2013, "Exploring Music" also offers the option to stream any of its past programs on demand on its website. The on-demand archive includes a search function which can search for terms and names throughout all series and episodes, and also includes a feature which can separate the music from an episode from McGlaughlin's commentary and vice versa.
Playlists for every episode of "Exploring Music" since its inception are available on the program's official site. Composer biographies and recommended recordings for over one hundred featured composers are also listed on the site. The official website also has a blog, which includes audio excerpts from the show, and a message board.
External links.
Listening
Topics and Composers
Production

</doc>
<doc id="19992188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19992188" title="List of Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew episodes">
List of Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew episodes

The following is a list of all episodes of the VH1 reality television series "Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew".

</doc>
<doc id="19992206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19992206" title="Tora Arhizoun Ta Dyskola">
Tora Arhizoun Ta Dyskola

Tora Arhizoun Ta Dyskola (Greek: "Τώρα Αρχίζουν Τα Δύσκολα"; English: "Now The Difficult Times Begin") is the fifth studio album by Greek singer Sakis Rouvas, released on May 12, 1996 in Greece and Cyprus by PolyGram Records Greece. This was Rouvas' second album to be entirely produced by singer-songwriter, composer and multi-instrumentalist Nikos Karvelas, after the groundbreaking success of "Aima, Dakrya & Idrotas" in 1994.
Special Edition.
It was re-released by PolyGram Greece to contain four bonus tracks of remixes of the previous hit singles from the album.

</doc>
<doc id="19992219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19992219" title="Penalty (rugby union)">
Penalty (rugby union)

A penalty in rugby union is the main disciplinary sanction available to the referee to penalise a team who commit deliberate infringements. The team who did not commit the infringement are given possession of the ball and they may either kick it towards touch (in which case the ball back rule is waived), attempt a place kick at goal, or tap the ball with their foot and run. It is also sometimes used as shorthand for "penalty goal".
Reasons to award a penalty.
The referee signals that he has awarded a penalty to a side by raising his arm at 45 degrees between vertical and horizontal and blowing a blast on his whistle. The arm is raised on the side that won the penalty. Penalties may be awarded for a number of offences, including:
Referees may not penalise some of these infringements if in their judgement the offending player had no intent to break the rules (e.g. a marginally late tackle on a player who has just kicked or passed the ball) or if the offending player was not participating in or affecting the game (e.g. a player who is in an offside position but not interfering with play). Equally, a referee may warn a team about technical infringements (especially at the scrum and ruck) before penalising them. A referee's willingness and ability to do so is a mark of good officiating in that it reduces stoppages in the game and allows the game to "flow".
Restart options.
The side that is awarded the penalty restarts the game with a kick or scrum at their option. If a kick is taken, the side that the penalty was awarded against must retreat 10 metres (or to their goal line if closer). There are four ways of restarting the game;
One of the laws associated with penalties was experimented with in association football, that being that penalties may be moved 10 metres forward of their original position either due to talk-back from the players or offside from a quick tap penalty. This was dropped after variable application by referees, but remains a rugby union rule.

</doc>
<doc id="19992235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19992235" title="Maxwell Newton">
Maxwell Newton

Maxwell Newton (29 April 1929 – 23 July 1990) was an Australian media publisher. He was a founding editor of "The Australian". He was the publisher of the "Melbourne Observer" from 1971 to 1977 and, during a similar time frame, the "Canberra Post".
Biography.
Newton graduated from the University of Western Australia and Cambridge University with qualifications in economics.
From 1960 to 1964 Newton was editor of the "Australian Financial Review", turning it from a weekly to a daily. In 1964 he became founding editor of "The Australian" but left in March 1965, after falling out with its owner, Rupert Murdoch. He then became correspondent for the "London Economist" and the "Financial Times" and in June 1965 began a weekly newsletter in Canberra, the "Incentive" (sub-titled "A Weekly Report on Business Trends and Economic Policy by Maxwell Newton"). In 1957, he became political correspondent for the "Sydney Morning Herald" in Canberra.
Future Prime Minister Billy McMahon would leak details of cabinet meetings to Maxwell, who would then publish them.
In 1971 Newton published the "Melbourne Observer" after Gordon Barton, closed his "Sunday Observer. Newton later renamed his publication as the "Sunday Observer". As the paper was only issued once a week Newton began publishing teen magazines (such as "Scream" and "Sweet"), entertainment publications ("National Tattler" and "TV Guide") and soft-core pornography ("Pleazure", "Eros" and "Kings Cross Whisper") to keep the presses running.
Newton Comics.
In 1975 he started publishing Marvel comics reprints, including "Fantastic Four", "Spider-Man", "Avengers", "Incredible Hulk" and an edition of "Planet of the Apes". The first Newton Comics titles were issued in May 1975, accompanied by a massive marketing campaign. The heavy promotion initially paid off with sales of up to 30,000 recorded for the first issues, dropping to around 20,000 for the second and third issues. After a few months sales had dropped to 6,000-8,000 per issue. It soon became apparent that sales projections were grossly overestimated, with print runs being too high and returns from newsagents being substantial. By the end of 1976, Newton Comics was defunct.
Following the collapse of his publishing empire Newton relocated to the United States and re-established his career as a right-wing economic journalist becoming financial editor of the "New York Post", with his columns syndicated in the Murdoch press. In 1983 he published a book on the American monetary system. He died on 23 July 1990, aged 61.

</doc>
<doc id="19992261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19992261" title="Thomas Sperry">
Thomas Sperry

Thomas A. Sperry (c. 1864 – September 2, 1913) was the co-founder and the "S" of S&H Green Stamps, together with Shelley Byron Hutchinson of Ypsilanti, Michigan.
Biography.
Sperry's home in Cranford, New Jersey was destroyed by a fire in 1912, with the fire causing an estimated $150,000 in damages, including the loss of a number of paintings—many from the Charles W. Morse gallery. Sperry's horse trainer and chauffeur were able to rescue several paintings from the house's music room before they were stopped by flames, including an oil painting of Sperry's son on the horse on which he had won a ribbon the previous day at the Plainfield Horse Show. After a firefighter threw down a painting of Sperry's wife in her wedding gown, Mrs. Sperry was quoted as calling out "Don't save that! Save something worth while".
Sperry's son, also named Thomas, was born in Cranford in 1898. He was involved with real estate business and died in Palm Beach, Florida in 1973.
Sperry died at the age of 49 years on September 2, 1913 of ptomaine poison contracted during the return voyage after a two-month trip to Europe. Sperry was brought ashore in a stretcher and his condition was too bad to travel to his home in Cranford.
Business.
Together with Hutchinson, Sperry founded the Sperry and Hutchinson Company in 1896. Sperry and Hutchinson started their business in Michigan and became what "The New York Times" described as "the first independent trading stamp company to distribute stamps and books to merchants". The stamps gained popularity during the early 1900s as the S&H program offered incentives to shoppers rewarding them for making timely payments in cash, and helping maintain customer loyalty to merchants that participated in the program.
The S&H Green Stamps had their greatest popularity during the 1960s, with a significant percentage of supermarkets and gasoline stations offering the stamps to customers with their purchases. The firm had 800 redemption centers nationwide to allow stamps to be traded in for products. For a period of time in the 1960s, the firm was printing more stamps each year than the United States Postal Service.
Conflict.
In 1921, Hutchinson sued the estate of Thomas A. Sperry in court in Trenton, New Jersey, alleging that Sperry had defrauded Hutchinson of part of his shares in the company, allowing William M. Sperry, the brother of the founder, to gain control of the firm. Hutchinson alleged that he had been cheated out of $5 million as a result of secret dividends that had diverted company funds to Sperry.

</doc>
<doc id="19992267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19992267" title="1950–51 Greek Cup">
1950–51 Greek Cup

The Greek Cup 1950–51 was the ninth edition of The Greek Football Cup, or Greek Cup for short.
The competition culminated with the Greek Cup Final, held at Apostolos Nikolaidis Stadium, Athens on 11 March 1951. The match was contested by Olympiacos and PAOK, with Olympiacos taking the title 4–0.
Final.
The 9th Greek Cup Final was played at the Apostolos Nikolaidis Stadium, Athens.

</doc>
<doc id="19992269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19992269" title="Country Partners">
Country Partners

Country Partners is a 1974 vocal duet album by country music artists, Loretta Lynn and Conway Twitty.
This became the duo's fourth studio album, as they were now becoming one of the most popular country duet vocal teams of the 70s. The album's only single, "As Soon as I Hang Up the Phone" went to #1 on the "Billboard magazine country chart" in 1974, their fourth #1 single together. The single was written by Twitty, as well as some of the album's other tracks, such as "I'm Gettin' Tired of Losing You" and "I Changed My Way." The album also reached a peak of #1 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart in 1974. The album was produced by MCA/Decca producer, Owen Bradley, who produced the duo's previous albums.
Chart positions.
Album – Billboard (North America)
Singles - Billboard (North America)

</doc>
<doc id="19992276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19992276" title="Gaute Kivistik">
Gaute Kivistik

Gaute Kivistik (born 18 June 1971), better known under his pen name of Rohke Debelak (or Debelakk), is an Estonian humorist and journalist, best known as the author and presenter of a satirical news programme on Raadio Kuku.
Awards.
In 2008, Kivistik was awarded the yearly Oskar Luts humour prize, named after the Estonian writer Oskar Luts.

</doc>
<doc id="19992309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19992309" title="Pierson Building Center giant hammer">
Pierson Building Center giant hammer

Pierson Building Center, a locally-owned and operated home improvement center in Eureka, California, is home to the World’s Largest Hammer.
The hammer is a replica of a Vaughan claw hammer (No. D020) and stands 26 feet tall (30 feet overall including the concrete foundation). The octagon-shaped handle is made of real solid wood and is reinforced with a metal I-beam. The hammer's head was fabricated from 18-gauge brushed stainless steel and measures 10 feet, 3 inches in length. All dimensions of the replica are in exact proportion to the original Vaughan hammer.
The hammer was permanently mounted in front of the business on November 12, 1991. It serves as the store's symbol as well as its sign post. Store specials and information are posted on the 12 foot by 7 foot backlit sign that is built into the hammer.
The Big Hammer briefly became a character in the nationally syndicated comic strip Zippy the Pinhead by Bill Griffith. The character appeared in two strips in August, 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19992325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19992325" title="James Kelly Cole">
James Kelly Cole

James Kelly Cole (1885-1909) was a member of the Chicago Branch of the Industrial Workers of the World until his death in the fall of 1909. Cole was an active poet and prose writer whose work is of interest to IWW historians and critics of working class literature. Cole was killed in November 1909 when he apparently fell from a train between Chicago and Minneapolis en route to the Spokane free speech fight. Upon his untimely death, the IWW published a book of his writings to raise money for his aged parents. Little else is known of this poet-rebel except that he was convicted in 1907 of producing molds for counterfeit money.

</doc>
<doc id="19992363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19992363" title="FC Fakel Varva">
FC Fakel Varva

FC Fakel Varva was a professional Ukrainian football team based in Varva, Chernihiv Oblast. The club competes in the Chernihiv oblast competition as Druzhba-Nova Varva.
History.
The club was formed in 1963 as Fakel Varva.
The team spent a short stint in the Ukrainian Second Division. After several successful seasons the team's administration decided to withdraw out of the professional league back to the Chernihiv oblast competitions. 
The club is also well known as a competitive amateur club. The club has won the Amateur Cup and the Championship the next season. 
The club plays its home games in the Yunist Stadium in Varva.

</doc>
<doc id="19992394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19992394" title="Amasa J. Parker, Jr.">
Amasa J. Parker, Jr.

Amasa Junius Parker (May 6, 1843, Delhi, Delaware County, New York – May 2, 1938, Albany, New York) was a member of the New York State Senate and a Major General of the National Guard of New York.
Life.
Amasa Junius Parker, Jr. was the son of Amasa J. Parker and his wife Harriet Langdon Parker. He graduated from Union College, Schenectady, New York in 1863 and the Albany Law School in 1864. He fought in the American Civil War and became a major.
He was a member of the New York State Assembly (Albany Co., 3rd D.) in 1882; and of the New York State Senate (17th D.) in 1886 and 1887; and again of the State Senate from 1892 to 1895, sitting in the 115th, 116th (both 17th D.), 117th and 118th New York State Legislatures (both 19th D.).
He was a trustee of Union College and the Albany Law School. He was active in the National Guard of New York and was a colonel in command of the Tenth Division during the breakup of the Albany Railroad Strike of 1877.
Parker was one of the authors of the book "Banking Law of New York". He was also an editor of the "Parker's New York Criminal and Penal Codes" as well as "The Parker's Pocket Code of Civil Procedure".
Parker was buried at the Albany Rural Cemetery in Menands, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="19992441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19992441" title="Women (band)">
Women (band)

Women were an art rock band formed in 2007 in Calgary. Their debut album "Women" was released on Chad VanGaalen's label Flemish Eye on July 8, 2008 in Canada and on Jagjaguwar in the United States on October 7, 2008. It was rumoured that the band broke up on October 29, 2010, after a fight on stage at a show at the Lucky Bar in Victoria although their management stated that they merely cancelled the rest of their tour.
History.
Women's debut album, "Women", recorded by Chad VanGaalen, gained positive recognition from music publications including Pitchfork Media, Allmusic, PopMatters, Vue Weekly, and as well as other varied music blogs. The band's sound has been likened to "sunny Beach Boys pop [...] dragged into a dark alley and gleefully mutilated", as well as compared to other bands The Velvet Underground and The Zombies. Pitchfork Media named their song "Black Rice" from their debut album the 18th best track of 2008.
After the release of their debut album Women extensively toured throughout 2008 and 2009, performing over 180 times in North America, Europe and the UK. Highlight performances took place at Barcelona's Primavera Sound, Austin's SXSW, Chicago's Pitchfork Music Festival and London's The Lexington. The band has toured or performed with Mogwai, Abe Vigoda, Dungen, Deerhunter, and Eric's Trip. The song "Black Rice" was also listed by Pitchfork as the 410th best song of the 2000s.
Women's second album, "Public Strain", was released in Canada, via Flemish Eye Records, and in the United States, UK, and Europe, via Jagjaguwar Records, on September 28, 2010. The album received praise from across the media spectrum. "Pitchfork", "Exclaim!", "Filter", and the BBC turned-in positive reviews in favour of the album. The band began a European tour, followed by a US tour in the fall of 2010. It was rumoured that the band broke up on October 29, 2010 after a fight on stage at a show at the Lucky Bar in Victoria although their management stated that they merely cancelled the rest of their tour. Pitchfork released a three-song live video in February 2011 shot in an empty factory a few weeks before the band's indefinite hiatus
Some members of Women also play in the live band of Chad VanGaalen. Pat Flegel is also a member of the band Fels-Naptha, and Michael Wallace is a former member of the band Friendo and Azeda Booth, and is currently touring with Porcelain Raft. Christopher Reimer toured with The Dodos during the summer and fall of 2011.
On February 8, 2012, guitarist Christopher Reimer performed at Weeds Cafe in Calgary, recorded by Brad Hawkins. Thirteen days later, on February 21, Reimer died in his sleep. In 2012 Chad van Gaalen released The Chad Tape, containing 9 Reimer solo tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="19992455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19992455" title="David D. Pearce">
David D. Pearce

David D. Pearce (born June 9, 1950 Portland, Maine) is an American diplomat currently serving as U.S. Ambassador to Greece. He previously served as the United States Ambassador to Algeria, 2008–11 as the Assistant Chief of Mission at the U.S. embassy in Kabul, Afghanistan; and as the Deputy United States Special Envoy for Afghanistan and Pakistan.
Career.
Ambassador Pearce graduated from Bowdoin College, and from Ohio State University with an M.A. in journalism in 1973. Prior to joining the U.S. Foreign Service in 1982, he worked for nearly a decade as a reporter and foreign correspondent. From 1973-79, he worked for the Associated Press in Ohio, the Rome Daily American in Italy, and United Press International in Brussels, Lisbon, and Beirut. He then moved to the Washington Post, serving as a copy editor on both the foreign and metro desks, and from 1980 to 1981 was a writer-editor in the book service of the National Geographic Society.
Ambassador Pearce entered the Foreign Service in January 1982, serving first as a vice consul and political officer in Riyadh. From 1984 to 1985, he was a watch officer in the State Department Operations Center, followed by a 1985-87 tour as a country desk officer for Greece. In 1987-88, he studied Arabic at the Foreign Service Institute field school in Tunis, then became chief of the political section at the U.S. Embassy in Kuwait. During the Gulf War, Ambassador Pearce worked as a liaison officer with the Kuwaiti government-in-exile in Taif, Saudi Arabia. He returned to Washington in 1991 to become a special assistant to the Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs.
In 1992-93, Ambassador Pearce took sabbatical leave to write a book on diplomacy and the media, published by the Congressional Quarterly in 1994, and entitled “Wary Partners: Diplomats and the Media.” From 1994-97, he was Consul General in Dubai and from 1997-2001 he served as Deputy Chief of Mission at the U.S. Embassy in Damascus. From September 2001 to July 2003, he was Director of the Department of State’s Office of Northern Gulf Affairs, with responsibility for Iraq and Iran. In May–June 2003, Ambassador Pearce served with the Coalition Provisional Authority in Baghdad. He was Chief of Mission and Consul General at the United States Consulate General in Jerusalem from September 29, 2003 through July 2005, and then Minister Counselor for Political Affairs at the United States Embassy in Rome from 2005-2008. While in Rome, he served two excursion tours to Iraq, in March–April 2007 and September 2007-March 2008, as a senior adviser to Ambassador Ryan Crocker.
President George W. Bush nominated him to become ambassador to Algeria on June 28, 2008, and he became ambassador in August of that year. He later became the Assistant Chief of Mission at the U.S. embassy in Kabul, Afghanistan. After serving as the Deputy United States Special Envoy for Afghanistan and Pakistan, he was nominated by President Obama to become Ambassador to Greece on 21 June 2013. He was sworn in on 5 September 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19992486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19992486" title="Ballaugh (parish)">
Ballaugh (parish)

Ballaugh () is a parish in the Isle of Man.
Parish.
Ballaugh is a mainly agricultural district on the north-western coast of the island. The parish is one of three divisions of the sheading of Michael. The other two are Jurby and Michael District. Ballaugh runs for some along the north-west coastline of the island. The average breadth of the parish is about and it covers an area of around . The south-east corner is hilly and the remainder is low, including part of the marshy depression of the Curraghs. The only village in the parish is Ballaugh. 
The current Captain of the Parish is Charles Edgar Cowin, who has held the post since 1993. The local authority is Ballaugh Parish Commissioners.
Demographics.
The Isle of Man census 2006 lists the population of the parish as 1,042, an increase from the population of 868 in 2001.
History.
There are in Ballaugh a number of sites of historical interest. There is a heritage group who hold regular meetings and arrange walks around the area. Research into the social history of the area, in particular the isolated Glen Dhoo, is being carried out. The name 'Ballaugh' derives from the Manx "Balley-ny-Loghey" or "the place of the lake". The Ballaugh Curraghs is all that remains of this lake. The lake, which measured up to a mile in length, was drained by the excavation about 300 years ago of the silted-up Lhen trench which, during the ice-age, is believed to have been a melt-water channel flowing north to south from the melting ice front.
Curraghs Wildlife Park and Ballaugh Curragh.
A mile east of the village is Curraghs Wildlife Park which is run by the Isle of Man Government's Department of Tourism and Leisure, is a haven for all sorts of wetland wildlife. Most of the park is laid out in geographical sections, representing different continents of the world and the animals that can be found there. The central part of the park has a different format and contains specific animal exhibits and visitor attractions. 
The park is located next to Ballaugh Curragh wetland, the first wildlife site on the island to be internationally recognised, when in 2006 it was designated a Ramsar wetland of international importance. The site qualifies for international status as it has excellent examples of wetland habitats characteristic of the island and the region - bog pools, marshy grassland, birch woodland, modified bog and willow scrub (known as curragh). It also has on occasions the largest numbers of winter roosting hen harriers in Western Europe and has breeding habitat for a highly endangered migratory bird, the Corn Crake. In 2005 the Department of Agriculture, Fisheries and Forestry designated Ballaugh Curragh as an "Area of Special Scientific Interest". There are three partners involved in the Curragh - Curraghs Wildlife Park, Manx National Heritage and the Manx Wildlife Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="19992488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19992488" title="1951–52 Greek Cup">
1951–52 Greek Cup

The Greek Cup 1951–52 was the tenth edition of The Greek Football Cup, or Greek Cup for short.
The competition culminated with the Greek Cup Final, replayed at Apostolos Nikolaidis Stadium, Athens on 15 June 1952, because of the previous match (1 June) draw. The match was contested by Olympiacos and Panionios, with Olympiacos taking the title 2–0.
Final.
The 10th Greek Cup Final was played twice at the Apostolos Nikolaidis Stadium, Athens.

</doc>
<doc id="19992532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19992532" title="Early history of video games">
Early history of video games

The early history of video games dates back to 1948, with a missile simulator which uses analog circuitry.
1948.
Alan Turing and colleague D. G. Champernowne wrote a chess playing algorithm. At the time, there was not a computer powerful enough to run the algorithm. The algorithm was tested two times by human versus algorithm matches. The algorithm won once and lost once.
1950.
Claude Shannon devised a chess playing program that appeared in the paper "Programming a Computer for Playing Chess" published in
Philosophical Magazine. This was the first article on the problem of computer chess, published before anyone had programmed a computer to play chess.
1958.
"Tennis for Two" was a computer game developed in 1958 on an oscilloscope which simulated a game of tennis or ping pong. It was created by William Higinbotham. Unlike "Pong" and similar early games, "Tennis for Two" shows a simplified tennis court from the side instead of a top-down perspective. The ball is affected by gravity and must be played over the net. The game was controlled by an analog computer and "consisted mostly of resistors, capacitors and relays, but where fast switching was needed – when the ball was in play – transistor switches were used".
1959.
In 1959, a collection of interactive graphical programs were created on the TX-0 machine at MIT:
1961.
A DEC memo M-1098 from March 31, 1961 references a Kalah game playing program developed for the PDP-1, which later became DEC program No. 56 for the PDP-1. The attributed author is Roland Silver.
1963.
Wallace Feurzeig at BBN (Bolt Beranek and Newman) developed for the PDP-1, a question and answer game, the Socratic System, designed to teach medical students how to diagnose patients. This game was based off an earlier game, The Alphabet Guessing Game, by Judith Harris of BBN.
1966.
Larry Bethurum, from the Phillips Exter Academy, submitted the BASIC source code of a bingo game to the DECUS user group. Comments in the code suggest the game was written on January 23, 1966.
1970.
A number of games programmed in BASIC can be found in the DECUS library back-up tapes. Most games do not include the name of the programmer or the date when the program was written. 

</doc>
<doc id="19992556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19992556" title="Kerry Cash">
Kerry Cash

Kerry Cash (born August 7, 1969 in San Antonio, Texas) is a former American football tight end in the National Football League. He was drafted by the Indianapolis Colts in the fifth round of the 1991 NFL Draft. He played college football at the University of Texas.
Kerry also played for the Oakland Raiders and Chicago Bears.
College career.
Cash played wide receiver while at Texas.
Personal.
His twin brother Keith Cash played with him at Texas, and he also played in the NFL.

</doc>
<doc id="19992602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19992602" title="Loretta Lynn's Greatest Hits Vol. II">
Loretta Lynn's Greatest Hits Vol. II

"Loretta Lynn's Greatest Hits Vol. II" is a compilation album consisting of country artist, Loretta Lynn's biggest hit singles between 1968 and 1974. It was released in 1974.
This album was the second greatest hits compilation released by Lynn's label, Decca (Now MCA). The album ranges in a variety of songs, from her biographical, "Coal Miner's Daughter," to an angrier "Fist City."
The album consists of eleven tracks that were major hits for Lynn, including five of eleven number one singles, such as "Love is the Foundation" and "One's on the Way." It also includes other major hits that reached the Top 10, including "Your Squaw is on the Warpath, "Hey Loretta," and "I Wanna Be Free." No new singles were spawned from this album, however it did chart among the Top Country Albums chart, peaking at #5. The album was also certified "Gold" by the RIAA, after selling over 500,000 copies in the United States, as did her previous "Greatest Hits" package. The album has also been reissued on a CD format by MCA records in recent years.
Chart positions.
Album – Billboard (North America)

</doc>
<doc id="19992623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19992623" title="Eunice High School">
Eunice High School

Eunice High School is a public high school located in Eunice, in the far western end of St. Landry Parish, Louisiana. It is operated by the St. Landry Parish School Board. Eunice High graduated its first class in 1910; the current building was built in 1966. In 1969, St. Landry Parish's former Charles Drew High School for African-American students was merged into Eunice High as part of desegregation.
Eunice High School athletics.
Eunice High School is a member of the LHSAA or Louisiana High School Athletic Association. The Eunice High School Battling Bobcats are in District 4-4A and participate in football, baseball, softball, track, basketball, and tennis.

</doc>
<doc id="19992640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19992640" title="Troop (disambiguation)">
Troop (disambiguation)

Troop may refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19992649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19992649" title="List of RC Strasbourg managers">
List of RC Strasbourg managers

This is a list of RC Strasbourg's managers from 1928, with their records from 1934, the first year the club played in Ligue 1.
Definition.
This list contains only the ""entraîneurs"", i.e. the staff member responsible for first team coaching on a day-to-day basis (including training, tactical choices, team selection for every match and in-game substitutions). In French football, this post is frequently separated from the more general team policy (finances, transfers, scouting, youth development), attributed to a ""directeur sportif"" or general manager . For example, between 1998 and 1999 Pierre Mankowski was the ""entraîneur"" responsible for the first team while Claude Le Roy was acting as ""manager général"" with extensive power on the squad's roster and transfer policy. When Mankowski was sacked, Le Roy replaced him and cumulated both functions as a British manager would do. Currently, Jean-Marc Furlan is also both the ""entraîneur"" and the ""manager général""
Records.
"Racing" has had 45 managers in the professional era, with the holder of the office changing 53 times. This is a record in French football only surpassed by "Olympique de Marseille". Gilbert Gress holds the record for the longest serving manager at the club, both for a single spell (39 months btw. 1977-80, 152 matches) and overall (75 months in two spells, 273 matches). Paul Frantz holds the record for the most spells at "Racing" with four (73 months overall, 227 matches). Jacky Duguépéroux is the only manager to win two trophies with Strasbourg. Ivan Hasek was the last one to complete two back-to-back entire seasons (2001-3).

</doc>
<doc id="19992662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19992662" title="Hurricane Deck Bridge">
Hurricane Deck Bridge

The Hurricane Deck Bridge was a truss arch bridge located on Lake of the Ozarks in Camden County, Missouri. It carried Missouri Route 5 across the Osage Arm of the lake. It was perhaps one of the most distinctive features on the lake. It was the only truss-type bridge remaining on the lake. The American Institute of Steel Construction selected the bridge as the most beautiful steel span built in 1936. It was about half a mile long.
History.
Construction for the bridge began in 1934 and was completed in 1936. The bridge was one of three bridges on the lake constructed with the truss support below the deck enabling passengers to see the lake clearly. The bridge construction was similar to that of the original Niangua Bridge. Before the bridge was built, cars were moved across the lake by ferry.
At one time the bridge was originally a toll bridge. The prices to pass were 40 cents for car and driver, 5 cents for each additional passenger; cars towing trailers had to pay 60 cents plus the nickel surcharge for each additional passenger. You could also save a dime by purchasing a round trip toll.
Future.
In 2012, MODOT replaced the bridge with a Delta Frame Bridge. The Hurricane Deck Bridge was demolished in December 2013.
Similarities and differences to the I-35W Mississippi River Bridge.
The Hurricane Deck Bridge was one of the most identical bridges to the I-35W Mississippi River Bridge in the nation and the most identical in Missouri. However, it was in much better condition than the I-35W Mississippi River Bridge. It was of the Deck-truss construction for Vehicular traffic. The Hurricane Deck Bridge had a longer main span than the I-35W Mississippi River Bridge (462 feet vs. 458 feet). The I-35W Mississippi River Bridge spanned both sides of the Mississippi River in contrast to the Hurricane Deck Bridge. It's daily traffic was about 8,000 cars daily versus 140,000 cars daily. Due to this, the Hurricane Deck Bridge had a weaker steel construction than the I-35W Bridge steel construction.

</doc>
<doc id="19992681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19992681" title="1952–53 Greek Cup">
1952–53 Greek Cup

The Greek Cup 1952–53 was the 11th edition of The Greek Football Cup, or Greek Cup for short.
The competition culminated with the Greek Cup Final, held at Apostolos Nikolaidis Stadium, Athens on 17 May 1953. The match was contested by Olympiacos and AEK Athens, with Olympiacos taking the title 3–2.
Final.
The 11th Greek Cup Final was played at the Apostolos Nikolaidis Stadium, Athens.

</doc>
<doc id="19992704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19992704" title="Ritva Lemettinen">
Ritva Lemettinen

Ritva Kaija Hannele Lemettinen (born September 9, 1960 in Ylistaro) is a retired female marathon runner from Finland. She represented her native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain, finishing in 14th place in the women's marathon. She is a two-time winner of the Chicago Marathon, having topped the podium in 1993 and 1995.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19992772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19992772" title="McLaren M19A">
McLaren M19A

The McLaren M19A is a Formula One racing car built and run by McLaren in three World Championship seasons between 1971 and 1973. The C version (an extension of the A car) was used in the and 1973 seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="19992788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19992788" title="Spyros Moustakas">
Spyros Moustakas

Spyros Moustakas (, 1914 - 2002) was a writer of folklore books on Lemnos.
Biography.
Moustakas was born in Livadochori on the island of Lemnos in 1914. He was the only child of his parents, Panagiotis and Fanio. He attended the village's public school and Lemnos High School. He was later enrolled at the "Zarifeio Children's Academy" in Alexandroupoli and during that time, he was the head journalist of the Greek children's writer Evangelos Papanoutsos.
He worked as a teacher for four years in Samothrace and for five years in Lemnos. He also worked in Alexandroupoli at the Public School Inspection Office.
His most prolific publications were his textbooks, titled Lemnos Folklore Thesauros. He was able to publish four editions, which currently reside in the Karatzadeio Library in Myrina.
Bibliography.
His other manuscripts "books" (in the Karatzadeio Library in Myrina):

</doc>
<doc id="19992797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19992797" title="Not Without My Sister">
Not Without My Sister

Not Without My Sister is a 2007 bestselling book written by sisters, Juliana Buhring, Celeste Jones, and Kristina Jones. The book details their life, and eventual escape, from the Children of God group. It was number 1 on the Sunday Times bestseller list for 5 weeks, and remained in the top 10 list for 15 consecutive weeks. It has been translated into nine languages including French, German, Greek, Portuguese, Czech, Estonian, Slovenian, Swedish, and Dutch. 

</doc>
<doc id="19992820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19992820" title="Svetlana Vasilyeva">
Svetlana Vasilyeva

Svetlana Vasilyeva (born July 24, 1992 is a Russian race walker.
She won the 2011 Russian Winter Walking Championships in Sochi in the 10000 m track walk with a time of 42:43. Unfortunately this mark will not be ratified as a world junior record as it was hand-timed.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19992826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19992826" title="Henry Davis (American football)">
Henry Davis (American football)

Henry Davis (born November 8, 1942 in Slaughter, Louisiana - died June 11, 2000, in Baton Rouge, Louisiana) is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League. He was drafted by the New York Giants in the 11th round of the 1968 NFL Draft. He played college football at Grambling State.
Davis was a Pro Bowl selection with the Pittsburgh Steelers in 1973.

</doc>
<doc id="19992833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19992833" title="David Black (footballer)">
David Black (footballer)

David Gibson Black (22 March 1868 – 1940) was a Scottish international footballer who scored in the 1896 FA Cup Final for Wolverhampton Wanderers. He also played for both Tottenham Hotspur and Arsenal.
Career.
Black was playing for local club Hurlford when he was capped by the Scottish national team in 1889. He played and scored in a 7–0 victory over Ireland at Ibrox on 9 March.
He moved south to Middlesbrough (then of the Northern League) before joining Wolverhampton Wanderers in 1893, making his Football League on 2 September 1893 in a 1–7 loss at Nottingham Forest.
He featured regularly for Wolves between 1893–96, and appeared in the 1896 FA Cup Final for them. He netted an equaliser during the final but ultimately had to settle for a runners-up medal as Sheffield Wednesday won the game 2–1. 
After 84 appearances and 17 goals (in total) for the Midlanders, he moved to Burnley in 1896. His stay at Turf Moor was extremely brief though and he soon left for Tottenham Hotspur. He spent just one full season with Spurs before joining Woolwich Arsenal (now Arsenal). However, he did not play for Arsenal at any level.
He died in 1940.

</doc>
<doc id="19992878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19992878" title="John Jenkins Cole">
John Jenkins Cole

John Jenkins Cole (1815–1897) was an English architect.
Originally trained as a solicitor, Cole moved into architecture. 
His most notable appointment was as architect to the London Stock Exchange for 35 years. In this role he designed the Exchange's dome, new offices in Throgmorton Street and the frontage in Old Broad Street. 
Other works included: 
He also became interested in water engineering, and encouraged the use of piped water and stand pipes.
His son, Grenville Arthur James Cole, was a noted geologist.
He died at his home in Sutton on 10 May 1897 and was buried in West Norwood Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="19992911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19992911" title="McLaren M14A">
McLaren M14A

The McLaren M14A is a Formula One racing car built and run by McLaren in the 1970 World Championship and the 1971 World Championship. The D car was later used as an extension of the A version, featuring a V8 Alfa Romeo engine.

</doc>
<doc id="19992926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19992926" title="Kishi Station (Wakayama)">
Kishi Station (Wakayama)

Kishi Station is known for Tama the Station Cat, a female cat which became the mascot for the station. The cat holds the official position as Super Station Master.
Since renovation the station is housed in a cat-shaped building, along with a Tama-themed cafe, with cat themed chairs and cakes. As well as a souvenir shop with a wide range of stationery, such as pens, staplers and others such as Kishi Station uniforms. The Wakayama Electric Railway also operates three cat themed trains: Strawberry Train, Tama Train and Toy Train.
History.
In 2010, Tama was promoted. She is now a corporate executive at the Wakayama Railway, introduced in that position on the company's web site in January. The rise in station use is credited to Tama.
On February 1, 2010, the existing Kishi Station building was closed and demolished. Construction began on a new station facility in March, with the cat-themed new complex opened in July.

</doc>
<doc id="19992953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19992953" title="Nicolas N'Koulou">
Nicolas N'Koulou

Nicolas Alexis Julio N'Koulou N'Doubena (born 27 March 1990), commonly referred to as Nicolas N'Koulou, is a Cameroonian footballer currently playing for Marseille
Club career.
N'Koulou began his career at Kadji Sports Academy in Douala. The same academy that produced the likes of Samuel Eto'o, Carlos Kameni, and Eric Djemba-Djemba. In late 2007, it was announced that he was acquired by the principality-based side AS Monaco FC. He agreed to a three-year professional contract. He spent the latter portion of the 2007–08 season playing with Monaco's CFA squad, before joining the squad for preseason in July 2008, where he was handed the number 3 kit.
He made two appearances during the pre-season starting their opening friendly match against fellow Ligue 1 side Toulouse FC and also starting against Croatian side NK Zagreb. He made his professional debut on 13 September 2008 in a 2–0 victory over FC Lorient starting the match before being substituted in the 65th minute. He has started every match since playing the full 90 minutes in them all. He has yet to score a goal.
His performances with Monaco have led to him being scouted by several prominent European clubs. English clubs Arsenal and Hull City, Spanish sides Sevilla and Atlético Madrid, and French champions Olympique Lyonnais have all declared their interests in the Cameroonian defender. On 29 June 2011, N'Koulou passed his medical and signed for four years with Marseille.
International career.
N'Koulou was included in the Cameroon U-23 squad that participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics. He helped the squad reach the knockout round, where they were eliminated by Brazil. He would make his international debut in the senior squad on 19 November 2008 in a friendly against South Africa.
Individual Ligue 1 Team of the Year (2): 2012,2013

</doc>
<doc id="19993013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19993013" title="French ship Aréthuse">
French ship Aréthuse

Eleven ships of the French Navy have borne the name Aréthuse in honour of the nymph Arethusa:

</doc>
<doc id="19993024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19993024" title="Plagiosauridae">
Plagiosauridae

Plagiosauridae is a family of Temnospondyli that lived in the Triassic period.

</doc>
<doc id="19993116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19993116" title="Central College">
Central College

Central College refer to several institutions:

</doc>
<doc id="19993120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19993120" title="Council on Occupational Education">
Council on Occupational Education

The Council on Occupational Education (COE) is a national accrediting agency of higher education institutions recognized by the U.S. Department of Education. COE was created in 1971 as part of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools. The COE became independent in 1995.
The Council on Occupational Education currently accredits non-degree-granting and applied associate degree-granting post-secondary career and technical education institutions.

</doc>
<doc id="19993135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19993135" title="Aima, Dakrya &amp; Idrotas">
Aima, Dakrya &amp; Idrotas

Aima, Dakrya & Idrotas (; ) is the fourth studio album by Greek singer Sakis Rouvas, released in November 1994 in Greece and Cyprus by PolyGram Records Greece. This album was Rouvas' primary collaboration with singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist Nikos Karvelas.
Album information.
Production history.
The album was recorded throughout the second and third quarters of 1994. In 1995, when asked about the success of the album and a further collaboration with Rouvas and why he had chosen to work with him, Karvelas replied:

</doc>
<doc id="19993138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19993138" title="Island Xtreme Stunts">
Island Xtreme Stunts

Island Xtreme Stunts is an action-adventure computer game, and the sequel to "Lego Island 2 The Brickster's Revenge", making it the third game in the Lego Island series, despite dropping the original "Lego Island" title and logo from the name. 
Plot.
Pepper Roni has been cast as the lead stuntman in an action movie being filmed on Lego Island (appropriately titled "Xtreme Stunts"). After performing a motorbike jump through a large poster as a publicity stunt, he is then taken to the first scene where he performs a high-speed freeway car chase after the Brickster, who has been ironically cast as the main villain of the film. Upon completion, Pepper is given free roam of Lego Island, allowing him to explore and complete side missions as he continues the film in other locations throughout the island. As the player makes more progress in missions, it becomes more and more apparent that the Brickster has plans of his own, and later he kidnaps the Infomaniac and reveals his tower that his Brickster-Bots have built. Pepper naturally comes to the rescue and once again outwits and imprisons the Brickster, allowing the film to be completed and released on schedule (which the player is able to view upon completion of the game). In the end Pepper has access to all areas of the island, allowing him to redo scenes of the movie and different tasks.
The game also gives a bit more canon (e.g. explaining why the Legondos broke up).
Gameplay.
Like "Lego Island 2", the player controls Pepper throughout the game, exploring the island in a non-linear style. Players are able to control and ride various vehicles throughout the city (only once they have obtained their driver's licence). There are various collectible items scattered throughout that will rebuild animals composed of large Lego pieces, and there are also minigames in some parts of the city, such as helping one of the grocery store owners arrange and organize crates for storage.
When filming stunts, the player is briefed by the director on how to perform the stunts within the scene, followed by a "practice room" where Pepper can practice controlling the vehicle used in front of a bluescreen (as various Brickster Bots control the mechanics for him). The player is then taken to "perform" the scene by playing the minigame within it. Upon its completion, players are taken to the screening room to see a "take" of the scene, which includes some humorous and unintentional event taking place behind the scenes (different difficulties play different takes). Players are then graded on their performance, based on how quickly objectives were completed and how many bonus stunts were performed.
Characters.
The majority of the original "Lego Island" and "Lego Island 2" cast return. Pepper Roni remains the star of the game, while his adoptive parents Mama and Papa Brickolini continue their career running a pizzaria. The Infomaniac's role has been reduced from the player's guide to a simple cameo. Others retain their roles, such as Ed Mail the postman, Nick and Laura Brick the police officers, Mrs. Post the grocer, and others. The studio director is introduced, serving as a guide for the player through the stunts and giving him various objectives throughout the game itself.
Unlike "Lego Island" and "Lego Island 2", Pepper does not speak any dialogue in the game aside from grunts and one-word exclamations, making him a silent protagonist. When doing stunt work, however, he can give comments that are more than one word.
Merchandise.
From 2002 to 2003, an official "Island Xtreme Stunts" series of Lego sets was released as promotional merchandise, ranging from replications of the characters to semi-canonical sets such as skateboard parks and various vehicles used in the game. However, these did not financially impact the success of either the game or the Lego series itself, and was thus discontinued after the first year and are now collectors' items. 
Performance.
Island Xtreme Stunts faced many performance issues under all supported Windows platforms, with the exception of Windows 98 Second Edition. The main issue was a scripting error with the game's graphics. This error would cause, commonly when loading mini games, the game to crash resulting with the The Blue Screen of Death, which required a subsequent reboot. The game's instability was a much larger problem for Windows ME users, mainly because of the disappearance of DOS. A patch is available to fix this problem, but some distributions have either been modified that worsen the problem or have been infected with Trojan horses. Because downloads are no longer available on LEGO.com, it is not recommended to download the patches. A version, named "legoxtreme2045291484.tvf" (which is a Trojan Virus Format) can affect system files, and cause the motherboard to become unstable.

</doc>
<doc id="19993212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19993212" title="Plagiosauroidea">
Plagiosauroidea

Plagiosauroidea is a superfamily of Temnospondyli that lived in the Triassic period.

</doc>
<doc id="19993252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19993252" title="Azaleos">
Azaleos

Azaleos Corporation was a Seattle-based American corporation. Founded in 2004 by Roger Gerdes and Keith McCall. Azaleos provided remote management for Microsoft Exchange, Microsoft SharePoint and Microsoft Lync.
Company background.
Azaleos was founded and incorporated as a Delaware corporation in May 2004 by Roger Gerdes and Keith McCall. The company's early funding was provided by Second Avenue Partners and Ignition Partners.
Services and technology.
Azaleos provided remote managed services for Microsoft Exchange, SharePoint, and Lync.
In 2009, the company merged with M3 Technology Group, an email migration and managed services company focused on Microsoft Exchange and Active Directory based in Charlotte, North Carolina. 
As a national systems integrator (NSI), Azaleos was one of Microsoft's top 34 partners in the United States, a Microsoft Gold Partner in messaging, communications and portals & collaboration competencies, and a member of Microsoft's Exchange, SharePoint and Data Protection Manager Technology Adoption Programs. 
The company had reseller agreements with IBM, Verizon Business, CDW, and Savvis (a CenturyLink company) all of whom resold Azaleos managed services under their brand. 
Azaleos was US-based with network operations centers in Seattle, Washington and Charlotte, North Carolina.
Acquisition.
On December 18, 2012, Avanade announced its acquisition of Azaleos. Approximately 200 Azaleos employees joined Avanade as part of the acquisition, most of them located in Seattle and Charlotte, North Carolina. Terms of the transaction were not disclosed.

</doc>
<doc id="19993278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19993278" title="Roland Morillot (S613)">
Roland Morillot (S613)

German submarine "U-2518" was a Type XXI U-boat of Nazi Germany's "Kriegsmarine" at the end of World War II, which later served in the French Navy, where she was commissioned as Roland Morillot, in honour of Roland Morillot, a French submarine officer killed in 1915.
Service history.
Kriegsmarine.
The submarine was laid down on 16 August 1944 at the Blohm & Voss yard at Hamburg, launched on 4 October 1944, and commissioned on 4 November 1944 under the command of "Oberleutnant zur See" Friedrich Weidner. After training with "31st U-boat Flotilla", "U-2518" was transferred to "11th U-boat Flotilla" for front-line service on 1 April 1945, though this was too late for the U-boat to sail on any combat patrols or sink any ships. On 8 May 1945, she surrendered to British forces at Horten, Norway. She was taken to Lisahally, Londonderry. "U-2518" was handed over by the British to the French Marine Nationale. On her journey from Lisahally to France, she stopped in Dún Laoghaire in February 1946.
Marine Nationale.
The U-boat arrived at Cherbourg on 26 February 1946, and after repairs made her first voyage on 20 August. In January 1948 she sailed from Toulon to Casabianca completely submerged, and in April 1948 was permanently assigned to the Navy. On 14 February 1951 she was renamed "Roland Morillot". In August 1956 she took part in Operation "Musketeer" during the Suez Crisis. In 1967 the submarine was placed in reserve, and on 21 May 1969 was sold to Lotti S.p.A at La Spezia for scrapping.

</doc>
<doc id="19993298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19993298" title="Something Wicked">
Something Wicked

Something Wicked may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19993313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19993313" title="Homer the Whopper">
Homer the Whopper

"Homer the Whopper" is the season premiere of "The Simpsons"' twenty-first season. It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on September 27, 2009. In the episode, Comic Book Guy creates a new superhero called Everyman who takes powers from other superheroes. Homer is cast as the lead in the film adaptation. To get Homer into shape, the movie studio hires a celebrity fitness trainer, Lyle McCarthy, to help him. Homer gets into great shape and is really excited, but when McCarthy leaves to train another client, he starts over-eating again and ultimately this leads to the film's failure.
The episode was written by Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg, who are "obsessed" fans of the show, and directed by Lance Kramer. "Homer the Whopper" was intended to be a commentary on how Hollywood treats superhero films. Rogen also guest stars in the episode as the character Lyle McCarthy, making him the second guest star to both write an episode and appear in it; Ricky Gervais was the first. "Homer the Whopper" has received mixed reviews from television critics and acquired a Nielsen rating of 4.3 in its original broadcast.
Plot.
Bart and Milhouse convince Comic Book Guy to publish a comic book he wrote titled Everyman, in which the title character can absorb superpowers from the characters of comic books he touches. The comic becomes an instant hit, and many Hollywood studios become interested in making it into a movie. Comic Book Guy agrees to let Everyman become a movie, but only if he can pick the star. When Comic Book Guy sees Homer, he considers Homer perfect for the role, as he wants Everyman to be played by a middle-aged fat man. But the studio executives realize that audiences want a physically fit actor for the role, so they hire celebrity fitness trainer Lyle McCarthy to get Homer into shape. After a month, Homer becomes fit and the movie begins production.
Soon afterward, however, McCarthy leaves Homer for another client. Without McCarthy to keep him in shape, Homer starts eating again and gains all the weight back. Homer can no longer fit into his costume or even his trailer, and the movie begins to go over budget. The studio executives and Comic Book Guy worry that the film will not be successful. The final version of the movie features scenes with the fat Homer and the physically fit Homer merged, upsetting and confusing the audience. After the premiere of the film, McCarthy returns and offers to get Homer into shape again, which Homer accepts. The studio executives offer to let Comic Book Guy direct the sequel, on the condition that Comic Book Guy lie to the fans and say he liked the film. Though pleased by the offer, Comic Book Guy rejects it and openly criticizes the movie online, and thus it becomes a box office failure and Everyman is never adapted again.
Production.
Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg, writers of the film "Superbad", are "obsessed" fans of "The Simpsons". After learning that "The Simpsons" executive producer James L. Brooks was a fan of "Superbad", they decided to ask the producers of the show if they could write an episode. In 2006, Ricky Gervais, co-creator of "The Office", received credit for writing the season 17 episode "Homer Simpson, This Is Your Wife". Rogen and Goldberg "thought if got to write one, maybe [they could try." They were invited to "The Simpsons" writers room, where they pitched several episode ideas. One was accepted, and they wrote an outline with the help of some feedback from the regular writers.
Rogen commented that he and Goldberg wanted to show with the episode how Hollywood generally ruins superhero films. He said that "the whole joke is that Homer is cast to play a guy who's an everyman and they try to make him into this physically fit guy." Rogen also noted that the plot mirrors the situation he was in while working on the film "The Green Hornet", when he had to lose weight and do physical training for his role. Show runner Al Jean commented that the writers tried not to repeat the comic book film theme from the "Radioactive Man" episode. Instead they decided to parody the fact that almost every comic book has been turned into a film. Jean commented that that scene in the episode in which the studio executives "are trying to think up an idea that hasn't been done really is what they are doing these days real life."
The table read took place in August 2008, and production on the episode began soon after that. Rogen later said that "we sat down for a read-through and three hours later I'm in a studio improv-ing with Homer Simpson, it was the single greatest day of my life." Rogen also guest stars in the episode as the character Lyle McCarthy, making him the second guest star to both write an episode and appear in it; Gervais also appeared in the episode he wrote. "The Simpsons" creator Matt Groening also makes an appearance in the episode.
Reception.
In its original American broadcast in the United States on September 27, 2009, "Homer the Whopper" was watched in 8.31 million homes and acquired a 4.3 Nielsen rating/12% share. The rating was down seven percent from the previous season's premiere, which was viewed in 9.3 million homes the night it aired.
Since airing, "Homer the Whopper" has received mixed to positive reviews from television critics. Steve Fritz of Newsarama called the episode "amazing" and commented that the "overall comic book theme was perfect." Reviewers for "TV Guide" cited Matt Groening's cameo, the dinner table scene, Homer trying to lose weight at the Kwik-E-Mart, and the opening scene where Bart questions Comic Book Guy about Spider-Man as the highlights of the episode.
Robert Canning of IGN was positive about "Homer the Whopper", giving it a 8.6/10 rating. He commented that the first act of the episode was the strongest, while the others were weaker. Canning believed the reason for this was that the viewers have already seen Homer "struggle with his weight countless times, and Rogen's trainer, though funny much of the time, will likely never be remembered as a classic guest role." He added, however, that Rogen and Goldberg are able to find "a few new angles with the weight jokes, so it's not a complete loss." Overall, Canning thought "Homer the Whopper" was a good start to the twenty-first season, and although the plot may not be very original, the writers added "freshness to the proceedings." "The A.V. Club"s Todd VanDerWerff did not think the script was as good as Gervais', but commented that Rogen and Goldberg "managed to make a mostly amusing season premiere." He added that he thought the Hollywood satirizing featured in this episode had been overused on the show, but "the specificity of what the was making fun of—trainers who help stars slim down (in this case, helping Homer slim down)—went a long way toward making the episode palatable." VanDerWerff concluded that while the episode "didn’t try anything new [..., had fun with it all the same."

</doc>
<doc id="19993343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19993343" title="Yanagawa Nobusada">
Yanagawa Nobusada

Yanagawa Nobusada was a designer of ukiyo-e Japanese woodblock prints in Osaka who was active from about 1822 to 1832. His teacher, Yanagawa Shigenobu, gave him the name Yanagawa Yukinobu. A print from 1823 records the latter’s name change from Yukinobu (雪信) to Nobusada (信貞).

</doc>
<doc id="19993351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19993351" title="2002–03 KNVB Cup">
2002–03 KNVB Cup

The 85th edition of the KNVB Cup (at the time called "Amstel Cup") started on August 6, 2002. The final was played on June 1, 2003: FC Utrecht won the cup for the second time by beating Feyenoord 4–1. A total of 86 clubs participated.
Group stage.
The matches of the group stage were played between August 6 and September 4, 2002.
Group 1
Group 2
Group 3
Group 4
Group 5
Group 6
Group 7
Group 8
Group 9
Group 10
Group 11
Group 12
Group 13
Group 14
Group 15
Group 16
Group 17
Group 18
Group 19
Group 20
Knock-out Phase.
First round.
The matches of the first round were played on November 5 and 6, 2002. Eredivisie clubs NAC Breda and Willem II entered the tournament this round. During the group stage, they were still active in the Intertoto Cup.
Second round.
The matches of the second round were played on December 3 and 4, 2002.
Round of 16.
The matches were played on February 4 and 5, 2003. The six Eredivisie clubs that had been active in European competitions after qualification last season entered the tournament this round.
Quarter finals.
The matches of the quarter finals were played on March 4 and 5, 2003.
Semi-Finals.
The matches of the semi-finals were played on April 15 and 16, 2003.
Final.
FC Utrecht would play in the UEFA Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19993463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19993463" title="Lake Wales Municipal Airport">
Lake Wales Municipal Airport

Lake Wales Municipal Airport is a public-use airport located west of the central business district of the city of Lake Wales in Polk County, Florida, United States. The airport is publicly owned.
Overview.
The Airport's service area includes the cities of Lake Wales, Dundee, Eagle Lake, Fort Meade, Frostproof, Highland Park, Hillcrest Heights, and Lake Hamilton. Typical operations conducted at the Airport are local and transient general aviation, localized recreational glider activity, and skydiving. Presently there are no air carrier, commuter or air taxi operations conducted at the Airport.
The Airport's current Airport role and classification are listed in the FAA's National Plan of Integrated Airport System (NPIAS) as a General Utility General Aviation Airport capable of accommodating virtually all General Aviation aircraft with maximum gross takeoff weights of 12,500 pounds or less with wingspans up to, but not including, 79 feet.
History.
Opened in 1928 as a civil airport, in 1943 the airport was leased by the United States Army Air Forces as an auxiliary airfield of Sarasota Army Airfield. III Fighter Command used Lake Wales Army Airfieldfor fighter training of replacement personnel. The Army improved the facility which included the construction of the two present 4,000-foot runways. No permanent units were assigned.
It was inactivated in 1945 and returned to civil control.

</doc>
<doc id="19993520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19993520" title="Butler House">
Butler House

Butler House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19993539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19993539" title="The Cottage">
The Cottage

The Cottage may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19993542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19993542" title="Rhytidosteidae">
Rhytidosteidae

Rhytidosteidae is a family of Temnospondyli that lived in the Permian and Triassic.
Phylogeny.
Below is a cladogram from Dias-da-Silva and Marsicano (2011):

</doc>
<doc id="19993602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19993602" title="Nobusada">
Nobusada

Nobusada is a masculine Japanese given name. Notable people with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="19993637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19993637" title="Brachyopoidea">
Brachyopoidea

Brachyopoidea is a superfamily of temnospondyls that lived during the Mesozoic. It contains the families Brachyopidae and Chigutisauridae. The earliest records of brachyopids are from the Lower Triassic in Australia. The latest-surviving member of the superfamily is the chigutisaurid "Koolasuchus" from the Early Cretaceous of Australia.
Description.
Some large brachiopoids, such as "Siderops" and "Koolasuchus", grew to lengths of around . However, an unnamed Late Triassic or Early Jurassic brachiopoid from Lesotho in southern Africa is estimated to have been far larger. At an estimated , the brachiopoid from Lesotho is one of the largest amphibians "sensu lato" ever known. This estimate is based on a single jaw fragment found in 1970 by a French expedition near Alwynskop in Quthing.
Because of its size, the fragment was initially considered to be from a mastodonsaur. However, the specimen was redescribed as a brachyopoid in 2005. Several features of the specimen indicate that it is from a brachyopoid. There is a large tusk protruding from the ectopterygoid, a bone of the palate, and the dental morphology is similar to that of other brachyopoids. When viewed from the side, the upper margin of the jaw appears concave.
Classification.
Shown below is a cladogram of Brachyopoidea adapted from Ruta "et al." (2007).

</doc>
<doc id="19993652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19993652" title="Excuses for Bad Behavior">
Excuses for Bad Behavior

Excuses for Bad Behavior is a two-part album series by Sandra Bernhard. The first album was released in 1991 while the second was released in 2004.
Part one.
"Excuses for Bad Behavior (Part One)" is a combination of spoken comedy bits, comedic songs, and pop/rock music.
Co-written and co-produced by Bernhard's longtime collaborator Mitch Kaplan, the album features Bernhard singing originals and standards re-interpreted with a new sound. Disco classic "You Make Me Feel (Mighty Real)" begins with an operatic solo and is then translated to a modern dance song. "Manic Superstar" combines the song "Everything's Alright" from the musical "Jesus Christ Superstar" and the song "Manic Depression" by Jimi Hendrix. "Sympathy For the Devil" by the Rolling Stones becomes a seductive siren's song.
Comedic bits include the spoken word "The Letter" in which Bernhard reads a fictional letter from a lesbian fan who has "heard" the album in question ("Jesus Christ, why is she singing?"). "Christmas" is a heartwarming story of holidays past told by a Jewish woman who never actually experienced them. Other songs have a comedic edge, such as "Prophecies," a spoof on 1-900 psychic hotlines.
The album was released on a smaller independent label and did moderately well, but is currently unavailable for mainstream purchase. Plans for a special 2-disc re-release version (made exclusively available on Bernhard's website) have been posted there for over a year, but no product has been offered yet.
Reception.
"The Village Voice" wrote of the release "Bernhard is petty and bilious as ever."
Part two.
"Excuses for Bad Behavior (Part Two)", unlike Part One, is a combination of spoken comedy bits, comedic songs, and pop/country/rock music. Unlike Part One, the album was not released by a major label. It was sold on burned CD-Rs by Bernhard at her live shows and via her website.
Bernhard announced in 1995 that she had no interest in making a (Part 2), despite the title of (Part 1).However with other things in her schedule, production was halted. Bernhard said in 1995 that she had no interest in making a "Part 2", and that the title was simply a "tongue-in-cheek twist on" the Guns N' Roses albums "Use Your Illusion I" & "II". [http://www.richard-e-grant.com/Interviews/UKPremiereMagazine-1995.html
The album deals heavily with politics, including discussions about 9/11. In "The Dixie Chicks", Bernhard sings:
"The Dixie Chicks were wrong, then right. I can't comprehend what is true. You tell me something, then take it back. Why the hell do you support Iraq?". The political controversy that surrounded The Dixie Chicks is discussed. A small tour was launched to accompany the release. They would later become friends; Natalie Maines of The Dixie Chicks appeared at several of Bernhard's performances of her later show Everything Bad & Beautiful, and the group and Bernhard appeared in a Christmas commercial for Old Navy.

</doc>
<doc id="19993699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19993699" title="Nizhalgal">
Nizhalgal

 
Nizhalgal () is a 1980 Indian Tamil film directed by Bharathiraja and written by Manivannan, starring Nizhalgal Ravi, in his debut venture, Rohini, Chandrasekhar and Rajasekar. The film "sunk at the box office despite its compelling story, music and performances".
Plot.
A story of three young friends who are unemployed and stricken by poverty finding it hard to make ends meet. They are endowed with the never-say-die spirit and refuse to heed their parents advice to look for menial jobs. They continue to pursue their dreams no matter what comes. The shadows of these youngsters can be found abundantly in our society.
Soundtrack.
The film's soundtrack was composed by Ilaiyaraaja. The album features the song "Ithu Oru Pon Malai", which marked the beginning of renowned lyricist Vairamuthu's career in the film industry. The music album was a sensational hit during the period till now. The song "Madai Thiranthu" was a sensational composition and the BGM made by Ilaiyaraaja was extraordinary which in the video version, he can be seen singing the lines "New tune is created, so I am almighty". Later the song was remixed by Yogi B and Natchatra in their debut album "Vallavan".
External links.
 

</doc>
<doc id="19993702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19993702" title="Daryl Sconiers">
Daryl Sconiers

Daryl Anthony Sconiers is a former Major League Baseball first baseman. He played all or part of five seasons in the major leagues between and , all with the California Angels.
In 1985, Sconiers admitted to having a substance abuse problem after missing a portion of spring training. He was let go after the season, but never played in the major leagues again, although he continued to play in the minor leagues until . As of 2007, Sconiers was homeless, living on the streets of San Bernardino County.

</doc>
<doc id="19993726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19993726" title="Patrick Drake and Robin Scorpio">
Patrick Drake and Robin Scorpio

Dr. Patrick Drake and Dr. Robin Scorpio Drake are fictional characters and a supercouple from the ABC daytime drama "General Hospital" and its SOAPnet spin-off "". The couple is commonly referred to by the nickname "Scrubs", rather than by a portmanteau like other supercouples. Robin, the daughter of popular characters Robert Scorpio (Tristan Rogers) and Anna Devane (Finola Hughes), is portrayed by Kimberly McCullough, the original actress cast in the role who has portrayed the character sporadically since she was seven in 1985. Jason Thompson was cast as legendary 1980s character Dr. Noah Drake's (Rick Springfield) son Patrick in December 2005.
After their meeting for the first time and their first few scenes together, the developing couple's relationship became popular among "General Hospital" fans. After the birth of their daughter, Emma Grace Scorpio Drake, interrupts their first wedding on October 31, 2008 (she is born on-screen November 3), the couple finally weds on December 26, 2008.
Writing and music.
Canadian actor Jason Thompson was cast as "dreamy yet arrogant" Dr. Patrick Drake on "General Hospital" in December 2005. Kimberly McCullough had already been part of the series since 1985 as character Robin Scorpio. The writers detailed Patrick as the brilliant neurosurgeon son of Dr. Noah Drake. By having Patrick fall in love with Robin, the show’s most popular heroine and also HIV positive, the series set out to create one of the genre's "most unique and touching love stories". "These are the kids of legacy characters Robert Scorpio and Noah Drake, giants of "General Hospital" history," said SOAPnet executive vice president and general manager Deborah Blackwell. "She’s HIV positive, he’s trying to change his ways, and they’re in love. It’s an incredibly compelling storyline."
With "", the writers anchored the show around Patrick and Robin and felt that this gave them an advantage on other couples within the series. "It’s nice to start with the premise of a love story. Viewers know Robin and Patrick, but haven’t seen a ton happen to them just yet. It gives us something to follow and root for right away," stated Jill Farren Phelps. In addition, the pairing would continue to appear on "General Hospital."
Executives did not want "Night Shift" to be "your mother’s "General Hospital"" and outlined Patrick and Robin's love story to involve the various ills and plagues of their patients, portrayed by a variety of guest stars. They felt this would expand the focus from a soap opera's "trademark tangled web" of romance to include the patients and their illnesses. Robin was presented as an accomplished medical professional who has been living with and successfully managing HIV for almost 15 years when she meets Patrick.
"The heart of the show will be about the cases and how they impact our doctors,” said Brian Frons, president of Disney-ABC TV Group. With Patrick and Robin as the show's main romance, the series was designed to tackle "grittier" and more "controversial" subject matter, partly due to daytime standards being different than what writers can do in prime time.
On May 29, 2006, Memorial Day, the series had Patrick and Robin make love for the first time to "Collide" by Howie Day. When the couple exchanged "I love yous", their official song became "Cloud Nine" by JJ Farris.
Storylines.
2005–06.
Dr. Robin Scorpio returns to Port Charles, New York in October 2005, having left in 1999 and coming back for a brief return in 2004. Samantha McCall (Kelly Monaco) seeks out Robin in New York City where she is giving a conference on drug treatment. Sam desperately asks Robin to help her save her fiancé and Robin's ex-boyfriend, Jason Morgan (Steve Burton). Jason is near death, suffering from brain damage as a result of taking an unknown drug to further his investigation of psychotic psychiatrist, Dr. Thomas. Robin agrees to return to help Jason with her experimental drug treatment. When the treatment fails, Jason is closer to death and in dire need of brain surgery.
Robin went to find Noah Drake and he was too drunk to perform the surgery. He tells her about his son, Dr. Patrick Drake, and said that he could perform the surgery on Jason. Patrick and Robin share their first scenes when she finds him having sex with a nurse in one of the rooms at the hospital he is working at. After hearing all about Jason's case from Robin, Patrick agrees to examine Jason, but does not officially agree to the surgery. Together, Patrick and Robin go back to Port Charles. After reviewing Jason's case, Patrick decides not to do the surgery until Robin challenges him. Proving that he is the "most gifted" doctor, Patrick performs the surgery successfully and Jason recovers.
Patrick decides to continue working at General Hospital, and relocates to Port Charles. Robin also decides to stay in the place she called home for most of her life. The two often disagree on patients' treatment, with Patrick leaning toward more invasive surgeries and Robin wanting to use drug therapies. The opposing physicians quarrel at the hospital on a daily basis. But it is Noah and Patrick's non-existent father/son relationship that helps develop Patrick and Robin's relationship. When he was a teenager, Patrick's mother died during a surgery that Noah was performing. Noah could not forgive himself and turned to alcohol as a result. He became a neglectful father and his relationship with Patrick suffered severely. At the same time, Robin developed her own set of father issues with the re-emergence of a not-so-dead Robert Scorpio. Early on, Robin and Patrick connected because of their dead beat nonexistent fathers. Though her father left shortly after he returned and never fully healed their broken relationship, Robin tried to mend the fence between Patrick and Noah and in a way acted as mediator. Robin and Patrick learn more about each other's pasts and soon Robin is able to convince Patrick to talk to his father. In conversation, Patrick admits his love for his father and inspires Noah to go to rehab.
For most of 2006, Robin has to deal with not only her complicated relationship with Patrick but trying to mend the relationship between herself and her parents. They start a "no-strings sex" agreement. When Patrick and Robin start to get closer, Patrick gets scared and "breaks up" with Robin, stating he does not want an "emotional bond". Eventually, thanks to Noah, Patrick and Robin find their way back to each other. Soon after, tragedy strikes - Patrick, while performing brain surgery on a patient with end stage AIDS, is stuck with an infected needle and might have contracted HIV. During this time, Patrick realizes just how much Robin means to him and just how much of a strong, amazing person she is. Robin stands by Patrick all throughout his ordeal. Patrick blurts out that he loves her and after some road bumps, they properly declare their love for one another in a courtyard in November 2006.
In December, Robin finds an apartment for Patrick. Though reluctant at first, he decides to keep the place. What came next for the twosome has become to be known as "The Couch Chronicles" where Robin bought a leather couch for Patrick (since he was none too eager to buy furniture for himself, and Robin saying she enjoyed that sort of decorating), Patrick taking back the couch (after his friend Pete Marquez scared him believing Robin had ulterior motives), Patrick reordering the couch, Robin insisting he take it back and "finally" Robin seeing he liked the couch (this and agreeing to move in with him, which was also a source of argument for the two in between the couch fighting). Robin moved in for one day, and by the next Pete was over trying to get Patrick to leave for Vegas to reprogram him. It wasn't until Noah came by offering his congratulations that Patrick felt backed into a corner and left with Pete for Las Vegas. A hurt Robin called on her girlfriends for what hoped to be a roadtrip but was arrested shortly after when a guy came onto her. Patrick had an unpleasant time in Vegas and called Robin only to find out she had been arrested. After each had a talk with wise Uncle Mac (John J. York), Patrick apologized but Robin was too upset.
Patrick's 6 month HIV tests came back at the same time. They came back inconclusive. Robin tried her best to convince him to take it again but Patrick was stubborn and believed this was a bad sign telling him he was positive.
2007–08.
In February 2007, Robin is shot in the stomach during a hostage situation at the Metro Court Hotel. Emily Quartermaine (Natalia Livingston), with the assistance of Carly Corinthos (Laura Wright) and Patrick (via telephone), saves Robin's life. While Robin was in peril, Patrick was a wreck. At the culmination of the hostage crisis, Robin's friend, Nikolas Cassadine (Tyler Christopher), carries Robin out of the Metro Court to safety. She undergoes surgery to remove the bullet in her abdomen. At the hospital, Patrick tells her that he thought the worst thing that could happen to him was him testing positive for HIV but he realized that HIV would be a blessing compared to losing her because he loves her "beyond reason". On March 2, 2007, Robin is released from the hospital and brought home to her Uncle Mac's house to recuperate. Patrick's HIV test results came back as an affirmative negative. Both were relieved.
On March 15, 2007, Robin attempts to get her life back to normal and goes to work. But she is told to leave by Dr. Russell Ford, despite Patrick's and Monica's (Leslie Charleson) words of assurance that she will be able to handle being back at work so soon after her surgery. She gives in and leaves the hospital. Later, she is sitting on the pier, thinking, when Patrick shows up. He says that he is looking for her and she replies that she had run out of private thinking spots. Patrick says that he tried the park first and had hoped that she had gone there instead of the pier where there are many stairs. Patrick and Robin make up and discuss "therapy" options. In the end, Patrick carries her home.
On March 26, 2007, Patrick and Robin argue over her decision to not move back into their apartment with him. She then goes over to Wyndemere to see Nikolas and asks if she can stay with him. Nikolas is not home at the time, and as she searches through his desk to find a paper to leave a note, she is stopped by Mr. Craig (Sebastian Roche), the head gunman from the Metro Court hostage crisis, and finds out he is blackmailing Nikolas for a new identity. When Nikolas returns home, he finds Robin tending to Craig's wound and finds out that Craig had decided Robin might be useful in his blackmail plot. Craig instructs Robin to go about her normal life and not to draw attention to herself. Also, she cannot not tell anybody—especially Patrick—and he makes numerous threats against Patrick to keep her in line. Robin goes about his instructions and gets into a fight with Patrick. On March 29, 2007, Patrick goes over to Wyndemere and demands that Nikolas tell him what is going on. Nikolas hesitates and Robin walks in. She can see Craig out of the corner of her eye, holding a gun. She fears for Patrick's safety, so she lies to him and tells him they are over. Later, Craig decides that a good cover story for Robin living at Wyndemere will be to have Robin and Nikolas play out a very public love affair. They agreed, fearing for their loved ones' lives. At the end of the day, Alexis (Nancy Lee Grahn) walks into Wyndemere, stopping dead in her tracks when she sees Robin and Nikolas in a very delicate position on the couch. The two brush it off as though it is nothing, but Alexis is clearly suspicious. Robin and Patrick are reunited following an almost deadly confrontation with Mr Craig. Once Nik is in the clear for good, Robin and Patrick go home together.
After a few months of being together, happy and in love, Robin has a pregnancy scare. Although the test is negative, she realizes she wants different things from life than Patrick. She wants more from him (children), while he is happy just the way they are. They eventually break up. Robin wants to be a mother and decides to be a single mom. She and her friend, Dr. Kelly Lee (Minae Noji), put a list of possible sperm donors together. Robin picks people in Port Charles, because she feels that they have redeeming qualities she will like to pass on to her child, and does not like the idea of her child's father being a stranger. On November 30, 2007, Patrick tells Robin that he still loves and misses her. He just wants them to be together again and asks her to table the discussion of children for a year, and while she has stated that she has never been happier than when she was with him, she knows nothing would be different in a year - she would still want kids and he would not, to which he sadly replies that she is probably right, but it would have been a great year.
Robin is devastated by her cousin Georgie's (Lindze Letherman) death in December 2007. After Georgie's funeral and Maxie's (Kirsten Storms) horrible outburst at Felicia (Kristina Wagner), she seeks comfort in Patrick's arms, because he truly knows her and sees her as she truly is, and tells him that it is not about getting back together, or a baby or even sex, but that she just wants him to hold her. Caught in a moment, they end up making love. That night, a condom breaks and Robin becomes pregnant, although she is unaware of this until weeks later. Dr. Kelly Lee tells Robin that the date of conception would have to be sometime around Christmas, which was around the time when Patrick and Robin had sex. Robin, worried that Patrick now has HIV, is about to tell him, but when she walks into the locker room she hears Dr. Julian tell Patrick that the HIV test he took (after he realizes that the condom had broken when he and Robin had sex) has come back negative. With the news that Patrick is not infected, Robin makes up her mind not to tell Patrick about the pregnancy just yet. Robin later blurts out to Patrick that she is pregnant, but leaves out the fact that he is the father. She tells him that she went to a sperm bank and that she does not know who her baby's father is. Although he thinks she is having a baby with someone else, Patrick cannot stay away from Robin or her child. After several occurrences, Patrick slowly realizes that he may in fact be the father of her baby. After they have a heart to heart, however, and Patrick asks about the paternity of the baby. Robin admits he is the father. But even though she is pregnant, Robin cannot let go of the fact that he never wanted children. Arguments and resentment builds from both sides- Patrick wanting to be a part of his child's life, Robin telling him it's her baby that he never wanted. Eventually, being confronted by her past—remembering how wrong she believed Carly was to keep baby Michael's paternity from AJ (Billy Warlock), or even her own mother keeping her away from her father the first 6 years of her life—Patrick and Robin forgave one another and started the movement up again in their own relationship. Over time, Patrick and Robin grow even closer and Patrick falls even more in love with Robin, and with the child he never wanted.
Robin's mother comes back on a leave from her spy duties to help care for Robin until the birth of her grandchild. Patrick realizes what Robin and this baby truly mean to him and knows that he wants them to be a family in every sense of the word, but Robin still has concerns. Although Robin states that Patrick could see his child as much as he wants, she does not believe he is fully committed or prepared to give up his bachelorhood for a family. He takes her to court and only after his moving testimony does she realize Patrick truly wants this, her and their child, their family. They wait for their baby as a happy, loving committed couple. On August 12, 2008, Patrick and Robin learn their baby is a girl. As Patrick goes into full panicked father mode, Robin tries to calm him down. Later, when Patrick sees Robin with Jason, he expresses his concern that he does not want his child to be around such a dangerous target and Robin agrees.
On August 21, 2008, Robin catches Patrick and Epiphany (Sonya Eddy) in some sort of cahoots against her. She thinks that they are conspiring to convince her to start her maternity leave early. She then goes to meet with a patient, when Patrick gets on the PA system and declares his love for Robin. Robin rushes to the nurses' station. Patrick proposes in front of all of their friends and other loved ones. While everyone is looking at Robin, she becomes so overwhelmed and leaves, leaving Patrick devastated. Patrick follows her to the park, where she is crying. She does not want him to marry her only because she is pregnant with his child, and although he states he wants to marry her for her, she still says no. She tells him that she loves him, but that she cannot marry him, and walks away, leaving Patrick heartbroken.
Patrick continues to try to convince Robin to marry him to no avail. Robin has a health scare and goes into early labor. They manage to stop the labor and Patrick promises to stop pressuring her about getting married.
In true Robin and Patrick fashion, they cannot get on the same page - just when Robin realizes she does want to marry him, Patrick has finally accepted the fact that she does not. Mac arrests Patrick and locks the two of them in the PCPD interrogation Room, forcing them to talk. Patrick proposes again and Robin finally says yes. They decide to marry before their daughter is born, and their wedding is set for October 29, 2008. Patrick, thinking he has all the time in the world, decides to go into the hospital to do last minute rounds. He cuts it close, but signs out on time. However, just as he is about to leave, Anthony Zacchara (Bruce Weitz) is brought in with a stroke and needs emergency surgery. Matt (Jason Cook), Patrick's newly found half brother who's also a neurosurgeon, offers to perform it, but Patrick is afraid that should something go wrong the Zaccharas would go after his brother. Meanwhile, back at the church, everyone waits for Patrick's arrival impatiently and believing that he has a case of cold feet and has left his fiancee at the altar. Robin is the only one who had no fears and no doubts and is certain beyond a shadow of a doubt that Patrick will be there. Patrick comes running in after a successful surgery and apologizes for his lateness, but Robin is cool-headed; she knew he would be there. Mac walks her down the aisle, as her father Robert is still getting treatment for his cancer overseas.
Just before their vows are exchanged, Robin's water breaks and she goes into labor. After having a complicated delivery, Robin delivers their daughter, Emma Grace Scorpio Drake. While there is an HIV scare involving a nick on baby Emma's ear, her tests come back negative. As soon as they receive the good news, Robin falls into a coma and is diagnosed with Disseminated intravascular coagulation (DIC). Robin regains consciousness a couple of days later to see Patrick holding Emma on the foot of the hospital bed. After she regains consciousness, Anna convinces her to keep fighting because Emma needs her mother. Robin & Patrick go home with the baby after she recovers. Once they get home, Robin becomes depressed believing Emma only cries with her. On Thanksgiving, Robin and Patrick set another wedding date for just after Christmas, not wanting their wedding to interfere with their daughter's first Christmas.
2009–12.
Robert returns from Switzerland after his colon cancer's gone into remission, right before Christmas. Anna returns from a mission around the same time. This time, Robert walks his daughter down the aisle and Robin asks Anna to be her maid of honor (as opposed to Maxie who had the honors the first time). Patrick asks his brother, Dr. Matt Hunter, to be his best man (in place of Coleman who stood up for him last time). On December 26, the wedding goes off without a hitch. No shootings, no delays, no drama. Just love and romance and happiness.
Unfortunately, Robin unknowingly suffers from postpartum depression (PPD). Robin's behavior becomes increasingly erratic and it takes a long time before Robin acknowledges that she has a problem. She starts seeing a psychiatrist and taking medication. But once she starts feeling better, Robin believes that she's cured and throws away her medication without her doctor's knowledge. Patrick finds out and stages an intervention where Robin's confronted by her doctor, family and friends. Robin finally admits that she needs more help and leaves home to get treatment at an inpatient facility.
She returns once her treatment's completed and apologizes for what she's put Patrick through. Robin asks him if they can fix their relationship. Patrick assures her that she's the center of their family's life. He says that though what they've gone through is not going to be his favorite chapter of the 'Robin & Patrick saga', there's nothing to fix because what happened was beyond her control. They finally get a chance to really talk. Patrick reassures Robin of how invested he is in their life together. The two say "I love you" to each other and they go home together where Robin reunites with Emma with whom she can now bond. For a while, Robin's so attached to Emma that she actually contemplates not going back to work. Even Maxie notices and comments about how before Robin didn't even want to touch Emma, but now Patrick can't pry the baby out of her hands.
But Robin's hard-earned happiness is interrupted when Patrick and his brother face a malpractice suit in the death of the mayor's mistress, Brianna Hughes, after an emergency surgery. Playing detective, Robin aids Patrick in proving that Brianna was murdered by the mayor's wife.
Robin and Patrick host Thanksgiving dinner for the family at their new house. Though Patrick is initially kept in the dark, Robin plots with Kristina Davis (Lexi Ainsworth) and Molly Lansing (Haley Pullos) to set up their mother, Alexis Davis with Robin's Uncle Mac. Robin tells a skeptical Sam McCall that the two guests of honor had very obvious chemistry at Maxie's "nonwedding" to Damian Spinelli (Bradford Anderson). But Alexis and Mac realize something is afoot and tell the girls it is a waste of time. Matt also attends the dinner, unexpectedly bringing along Dr. Lisa Niles (Brianna Brown), an ex-girlfriend of Patrick's who is town. Patrick gives her a warm hug and Robin, though surprised, tells Lisa she is welcome. Maxie, nursing influenza, misses the family event.
Robin counsels Elizabeth Webber (Rebecca Herbst), who is having a secret affair with Nikolas Cassadine, but is engaged to Lucky Spencer (Jonathan Jackson), to be truthful about how she feels.
In 2009 Patrick's former college girlfriend comes to town and the two strike up a flirtation; when Robin and Patrick start to have problems Robin begins to pull away from him. A few months later Robin decides to go to Africa despite Patrick's protestations. In July 2010 while Robin is in Africa, Patrick gets drunk with Lisa after a successful surgery and the two have a one night stand; Patrick immediately feels guilty and realizes his love for Robin when she comes home from Africa a few days early. The trouble continues when Carly Corinthos Jacks overhears Patrick and Lisa talking about their one night stand and counsels Patrick to keep it secret from Robin. Matters go from bad to worse when Lisa begins exhibiting strange behavior and even breaks into Patrick and Robin's house and cuts her face out of their wedding picture.
After being kidnapped by Lisa, Robin discovers Patrick's affair with Lisa and leaves him, completely heartbroken. However, when Lisa's obsession with Patrick spirals out of control to the extent where she attempts to murder Robin on several occasions, Robin and Patrick band together for Emma's sake to expose Lisa, and begin taking steps to repair their relationship. After the death of Jake Spencer, Robin apologizes for holding his betrayal against him for so long and asks him to come home so they can be a family again.
On February 21, 2012, Robin Scorpio-Drake died in an explosion at the hospital. Staying true to her medical oath she went into the lab to retrieve the serum for Jason Morgan's protocol. Patrick watched helplessly as the lab exploded with his wife trapped inside. The first person he told was her mother Anna.
On March 26, Patrick received what he thought was Robin ashes, and he took them to the plot of land that they were going to build their dream home on to say goodbye to Robin. Patrick was having a hard time saying goodbye, and the next scene showed Robin alive and unconscious in a hospital bed in an undisclosed location.
Reception and impact.
Patrick and Robin became one of daytime's most popular pairings within a year of their debut. In 2007, "TV Guide" named them one of soap opera's best supercouples. "Los Angeles Times" described them as "one of the mother ship’s hottest new couples".
In early 2007, with daytime soap operas "in peril" and "in need" of rescuing, SOAPnet, a Disney-owned cable channel, embarked on "a mission to revive the genre in the evening hours". Their goal was to lure new fans, as well as old, and increase the ratings and interest for daytime dramas. "", a spinoff of "General Hospital", was launched to achieve this, with Patrick and Robin as their primary characters and love story." "The show is being described as an episodic medical-mystery drama – think equal parts "General Hospital" and "House"," relayed "Los Angeles Times". The move was considered "risky" by the network, but worth the risk. "We’re hoping to attract not just lapsed fans but viewers who aren’t hooked on a soap yet," said Jill Farren Phelps, executive producer of the series and 20-year veteran producer. Of the decision to have the series focus on Patrick and Robin's romance, Ed Martin of the "Jack Myers Report" stated, "...it’s a real treat to see two characters of such historical importance to "General Hospital" be allowed to grow."
Daniel R. Coleridge, former "TV Guide" columnist and author of "The Q Guide to Soap Operas," said that power pairs like Patrick and Robin are precisely what is missing from the daytime genre. "What soaps lack isn’t slapping or catfights. It’s romance," he said. "Soaps are really devoid of good romance. There are no supercouples anymore."
In October 2008, "Soaps In Depth" named Patrick and Robin one of soap opera's 100 greatest couples. In December 2008, soap opera website "Daytime Confidential" named Patrick and Robin the #1 couple for 2008. Also, soapoperasource named them "Best Couple of 2008" and SOAPnet named their wedding as "Best "GH" Wedding" of 2008.
On Tuesday October 12, 2010, David Letterman named Patrick as #9 on President Barack Obama's Top Ten Enemies List for his affair with Lisa Niles.

</doc>
<doc id="19993731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19993731" title="Suwannee County Airport">
Suwannee County Airport

Suwannee County Airport is a public-use airport located two nautical miles (3.7 km) west of the central business district of the city of Live Oak in Suwannee County, Florida, United States. The airport is publicly owned.

</doc>
<doc id="19993753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19993753" title="Mission style furniture">
Mission style furniture

Mission furniture is a style of furniture that originated in the late 19th Century. It traces its origins to a chair made by A.J. Forbes around 1894 for San Francisco's Swedenborgian Church. The term mission furniture was first popularized by Joseph P. McHugh of New York, a furniture manufacturer and retailer who copied these chairs and offered a line of stylistically related furnishings by 1898. The word "mission" references the Spanish missions throughout colonial California, though the design of most Mission Style furniture owed little to the original furnishings of these missions. The style became increasingly popular following the Pan-American Exposition in Buffalo in 1901. The style was popularly associated with the American Arts and Crafts movement.
Design philosophy.
Mission style is a design that emphasizes simple horizontal and vertical lines and flat panels that accentuate the grain of the wood (usually oak). People were looking for relief after the excesses of Victorian times and the influx of mass-produced furniture from the Industrial Revolution. The furniture maker Gustav Stickley produced Arts and Crafts furniture often referred to as being in the Mission Style, though Stickley dismissed the term as misleading. This was plain oak furniture that was upright, solid, and suggestive of entirely handcrafted work, though in the case of Stickley and his competitors, was constructed within a factory by both machine and handworking techniques.
Influential people and companies.
Many designers and companies played an important role in the development of the design over the years. Gustav Stickley, L. & J.G. Stickley, Stickley Brothers, Charles Limbert, Grand Rapids Bookcase and Chair Company (Lifetime), The Shop of the Crafters and Ford Johnson.

</doc>
<doc id="19993761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19993761" title="Brachyopidae">
Brachyopidae

Brachyopidae is an extinct family of Temnospondyl labyrintodonts. They evolved in the early Mesozoic and were mostly aquatic. A fragmentary find from Lesotho, Africa is estimated to have been 7 meter long, the largest amphibian ever known to have lived besides Prionosuchus.

</doc>
<doc id="19993781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19993781" title="Yukinobu">
Yukinobu

Yukinobu is a masculine Japanese given name. Notable people with the name include:

</doc>
<doc id="19993802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19993802" title="Reborn! (seasons 2-3)">
Reborn! (seasons 2-3)

The second season of the "Reborn!" anime series is a compilation of episodes 34 to 65 from the series, while the third season collects from episode 66 to 73. The second season aired in Japan from June 2, 2007 to January 12, 2008 on TV Tokyo, while the third season followed it from January 19, 2008 to March 8, 2008. Titled as "Katekyō Hitman Reborn!" in Japan, the Japanese television series was directed by Kenichi Imaizumi, and produced and animated by Artland. The plot, based on the "Reborn!" manga by Akira Amano, follows the life of Tsunayoshi "Tsuna" Sawada, the candidate to be the Mafia boss of the Vongola Famiglia, who must fight against a group of assassins called the Varia who wants to get their leader Xanxus to become the Vongola boss. In order to help Tsuna, some of his friends become guardians for the Vongola to fight the Varia. 
Six pieces of theme music are used for the episodes: two opening themes and four ending themes. The first opening theme is LM.C's "Boys and Girls", while in episode 52 it is changed to Cherryblossom's "Dive to World". The first ending theme is Splay's "Echo Again" until episode thirty-eight, then Idoling's "Friend" until episode fifty-one. Two of the anime's voice actors, Takashi Kondō and Toshinobu Iida, provided their voices for the fifth ending theme, "Sakura Addiction", which is used for episodes fifty-two to sixty-two. That is followed by Lead's "STAND UP!" for the remainder of the season.
Marvelous Entertainment released the season onto ten DVD compilations separated into eight "Battle" volumes and two "Daily Chapter" volumes, with each containing a total of four episodes. The Battle volumes were released from November 30, 2007 to June 27, 2008, and contained episodes 34 to 65. The Daily Chapter volumes were released on July 25, 2008 and August 29, 2008, and contained episodes 66 to 73. On March 21, 2009, Japan's d-rights production company collaborated with the anime-streaming website called Crunchyroll in order to begin streaming subbed episodes of the Japanese-dubbed series worldwide. New episodes are available to everyone a week after its airing in Japan.
__TOC__
Season 2: 2007–2008.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>
Season 3: 2008.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19993813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19993813" title="Takis Miliadis">
Takis Miliadis

Panagiotis (Takis) Miliadis (; 1922 – 1985) was a Greek actor who is known for his comedic acting roles.
Biography.
Takis Miliadis was born in Athens, Greece on September 26, 1922, into a theatrical and musical family. As his father, Nikos, was an actor in musical theatre, and his mother, Marika Anthopoulou, was an opera singer, he was intensly exposed to theatrical acting during his childhood. Later, he was characterised as the ‘Maurice Chevalier’ of Greece. He studied theatre with other famous students, such as Kostas Bastias and Dimitris Rontiros. Miliadis married three times, first to Betty Moschona, and then to Sasa Kazeli. Finally, he married Paraskevi Kollis and together they raised a son, Marios Miltiadis.
Miliadis graduated from the University of Athens Medical School. Throughout his career, Miliadis has played roles in films and theatre. During his theatrical career, he earned great reviews from critics. At one point in his life he worked in Germany as a radio presenter, as part of a Greek-language broadcast.
Other than theatricals, films, radio and television broadcasts, he also did many refreshments in the Athens-Piraues time, with several number of reviews. He was one of the only invited hosts in the Sunday television broadcasts on YENED (now ET2) "Kyriaki horis sinnefa" ("Κυριακή χωρίς σύννεφα" = "Sundays Without Any Clouds"), in theatrical sketches and also presented Omiros Athinaios.

</doc>
<doc id="19993844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19993844" title="Ted Buckle">
Ted Buckle

Herbert Edward William "Ted" Buckle (28 October 1924 – 14 June 1990) was an English footballer who played as an outside forward for Manchester United, Everton and Exeter City in the late 1940s and 1950s. At the end of his career, he also had the role of player-manager at Prestatyn, and temporarily came out of retirement to play for Dolgellau in the 1961–62 season.
Born in Southwark, Greater London, Buckle joined the Royal Navy at the age of 18 and participated in the closing stages of the Second World War. While playing for the Navy football team, Buckle was spotted by Manchester United, who signed him on an amateur contract soon after the war ended. He turned professional a month later, and scored on his professional debut against Charlton Athletic on 4 January 1947. In his first season, he scored four goals in seven games, but with Jimmy Delaney and Charlie Mitten in the United side, Buckle remained a fringe player at the club and was transferred to Everton in November 1949.
He flourished at Everton, scoring 31 goals in 97 games over the span of a five-and-a-half-year career with the Toffees. In 1955, at the age of 30, Buckle was transferred to Exeter City, where he played as a first team regular for two seasons, making 65 appearances. He also spent one season at Wigan Athletic, scoring 11 goals in 20 Lancashire Combination appearances. He later took the post of player-manager at Prestatyn, but he retired not long after. However, he did come out of retirement for one season in 1961 to play for Dolgellau in the Welsh league.
Buckle died on 14 June 1990 at the age of 65.

</doc>
<doc id="19993896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19993896" title="2008 Tulsa Golden Hurricane football team">
2008 Tulsa Golden Hurricane football team

The 2008 Tulsa Golden Hurricane football team represented the University of Tulsa in the college football season of 2008–2009. The team's head coach was Todd Graham, in his second year at Tulsa. They played home games at Skelly Field at H.A. Chapman Stadium in Tulsa, Oklahoma and competed in the West Division of Conference USA. TU attempted to build upon a 10-4 record from the 2007 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19993906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19993906" title="Rhinesuchidae">
Rhinesuchidae

Rhinesuchidae is a family of Temnospondyli that lived in the Permian and Triassic period.

</doc>
<doc id="19993924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19993924" title="Sekkyô">
Sekkyô

Sekkyô may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19993954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19993954" title="David Saranga">
David Saranga

David Saranga () (born February 18, 1964) is an Israeli diplomat and former Consul for Media and Public Affairs of Israel in the United States. Saranga was responsible for Israel’s image in the United States and was the liaison person of Israel to the American media. "The Jewish Chronicle" described him as “The man whose campaigns are rebranding Israel." Saranga’s initiative to invite "Maxim" magazine to Israel generated debate about the definition of public diplomacy. Prof. John H. Brown of Georgetown University described this initiative as the first event in a new branch of Public Diplomacy. Saranga was the first diplomat who implemented Web 2.0 governmental initiatives, including the first official blog of a country, a MySpace page, YouTube channel, Facebook page and a political blog.
Saranga fielded questions on behalf of Israel in what was the first government worldwide press conference via Twitter to take questions from the public about its war with Hamas.
In March 2008, former Time Out Tel Aviv editor David Kaufman wrote a feature story about Israel’s branding project, where he profiled the wide range of initiatives Saranga launched during his tenure in New York.
Biography.
Saranga was born in Tel Aviv. Prior to joining the Consulate in New York, Consul Saranga served as Deputy Spokesperson at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Jerusalem, and was responsible for all contacts with the foreign media based in Israel. During this period he was responsible for Israel’s PR campaign around the International Court of Justice hearing in The Hague, regarding the Israeli West Bank barrier, and also was the person who coordinated and executed Christopher Reeve’s visit to Israel in 2003.
Saranga has also served as the First Secretary for Media and Public Affairs at the Israel Embassy in Spain and as deputy ambassador at the Israel Embassy in Romania. He prepared for public service in the Israel Ministry of Foreign Affairs, where he studied Diplomacy and Political Economy.
Saranga earned his B.A. degree from the Hebrew University Department of Social Sciences (1990), and he received his MBA degree from the Hebrew University Business School in 1993.
2008 Israeli war with Hamas.
Saranga had a high profile during the Israeli airstrikes against Hamas. Particularly making headlines was Saranga's announcement that Israel would be the first government to hold a worldwide press conference via Twitter. In what the "Jerusalem Post" called "Battlefront Twitter", Saranga answered questions from the public about the war with Hamas.
After recording artist Yusuf Islam, formerly Cat Stevens, dedicated a song to the children of Gaza, Saranga criticized that the song was not dedicated to all the children of the region, including Israeli children who are victims of the violence.
Publications.
Essay: If dialogue is a crime, we are all guilty, "Jerusalem Post", Published April 16, 2009.
The Israel-Gaza war, by the numbers, "New York Daily News", Published January 9, 2009.
Promoting Israel in a Downturn, "The Jewish Week", Published December 17, 2008.
‘Dance,’ he told him, ‘dance’, "Ynet News", Published September 22, 2008.
Understanding Israel’s Painful Decision, "The Jewish Week", Published July 9, 2008.
El plan saudí y la seguridad de Israel, Embajada de Israel, March 2002.

</doc>
<doc id="19993958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19993958" title="Lydekkerinidae">
Lydekkerinidae

Lydekkerinidae is a family of stereospondyl temnospondyls that lived in the Triassic period. During the Triassic, lydekkerinids had a global distribution. They were small-bodied with wedge-shaped, roughly triangular heads. Fossils have been found in Russia, Greenland, India, South Africa, Madagascar, and Australia. The type genus is "Lydekkerina", the namesake of the family and the most well-known lydekkerinid.
Lydekkerinids have a distinguishing combination of characteristics. Synapomorphies, or unique characteristics, include a step-shaped contact between the nasal and prefrontal bones, indented lateral margins of the interpterygoid vacuities (two large holes in the palate), and straight cheek margins when the skull is viewed from behind. Other characteristics include frontal bones that do not touch the rims of the eye sockets and ridges on the pterygoid bones. Sensory sulci (canals running along the surface of the skull) are present in many temnospondyls but are hardly visible on lydekkerinid skulls. The infraorbital sulcus, a canal that runs below the eyes and nostrils, has a distinctive bend along its length. Small bumps called denticles cover much of the palate.
Lydekkerinids are usually classified as basal stereospondyls. Schoch and Milner (2000) placed them in the clade Rhytidostea along with brachyopoids and rhytidosteids. Some phylogenetic studies of lydekkerinids have found them to be polyphyletic. These studies include the traditionally lydekkerinid taxa "Lydekkerina" and "Luzocephalus", and sometimes "Deltacephalus". "Luzocephalus" has been found to be more closely related to a family called Trematosauridae, while "Lydekkerina" remains in a basal position among stereospondyls. Yates and Warren (2000) found "Lydekkerina" to be a basal member of the stereospondyl clade Capitosauria, while "Luzocephalus" fell within a second stereospondyl clade called Trematosauria. Below is a cladogram from Yates and Warren (2000) showing the polyphyly:
The phylogenetic analysis of Damiani (2001) resulted in a monophyletic Lydekkerinidae, although it was only weakly supported. Below is a cladogram from that analysis:

</doc>
<doc id="19994003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19994003" title="Ottokar Lorenz">
Ottokar Lorenz

Ottokar Lorenz (17 September 1832 – 13 May 1904) was an Austrian-German historian and genealogist. He was born in Iglau (now Jihlava, Czech Republic) and died in Jena.
From 1861 to 1885, Lorenz was a professor of history at the University of Vienna, afterwards a professor at the University of Jena. He was a founder of modern "scientific genealogy". Some of his better known written works are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="19994011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19994011" title="Canadian International College">
Canadian International College

The Canadian International College (CIC) (, transliteration: "Al-Kuliyya Al-Kanadiyya Al-Duwwaliyya"), is an Egyptian Private college in Cairo, Egypt. The premier college and the exclusive provider of Canadian higher education in Egypt, CIC is the Cairo campus for Cape Breton University and Uottawa. The main campus is located in the residential area of El Tagamoa El Khames in New Cairo city. 
The University offers 3 types of programs, an Egyptian program in which Students gain the Egyptian Bachelor Degree accredited from both CIC and the Ministry of Higher Education, a Dual program where students earn both the Egyptian Bachelor Degree accredited from CIC and the Ministry of Higher Education, and the Canadian Bachelor Degree from Cape Breton University or University of Ottawa according to the field of Study and the Canadian program in which students only obtain the Canadian Bachelor Degree from Cape Breton University or University of Ottawa. 
In 2014, the college celebrated its 10th anniversary. 
New Cairo Campus.
The CIC New Cairo campus was founded in 2004, and proudly boasts its smoking free campus.
Sheikh Zayed Campus.
A new campus was built in 2012, in the district of Sheikh Zayed in 6th of October city. This was to commemorate CIC's 10th anniversary of providing Canadian Higher Education in Egypt.
References.
<references http://www.cbu.ca/global/outreach-initiatives/cic/>

</doc>
<doc id="19994047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19994047" title="Peter Prince Field">
Peter Prince Field

Peter Prince Field is a public-use airport located east of the central business district of the city of Milton in Santa Rosa County, Florida, United States. The airport is publicly owned.

</doc>
<doc id="19994090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19994090" title="Jackson Square (album)">
Jackson Square (album)

Jackson Square is the first full-length album by Arkells. It is their first non-digital release with Dine Alone Records. The album contains updated versions of the 5 songs found on the Deadlines EP along with 7 additional songs. The album is named after Lloyd D. Jackson Square, a shopping mall in the band's hometown of Hamilton, Ontario. The first single, "Oh, The Boss Is Coming!" was released on October 21, 2008. Lead singer Max Kerman describes Jackson Square as "Road-tested, energetic and soulful." On February 24, 2009, the band set up a webpage for fans to vote for the second single between "Pullin' Punches", "John Lennon" and "The Ballad of Hugo Chavez." Ultimately, "The Ballad of Hugo Chavez" was chosen and released to radio as a single on April 27, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19994125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19994125" title="Pseudanthias bimaculatus">
Pseudanthias bimaculatus

Pseudanthias Bimaculatus is a tropical fish with the common names Twospot or Twinspot Anthias and Bimac Anthias. It is lesser known as the Purple Goldie.
Appearance.
They are a medium-sized anthias reaching a maximum of 5in/12cm at adulthood. This species is sexually dimorphic, meaning the males and females have differing physical characteristics. "Pseudanthias Bimaculatus" males are primarily red with jagged pink lines along the body. Males will have a red tail with clear to white tips. Males will typically have yellow highlights on the tail, anal fins, and head area. Males also have one or two spots on their dorsal fin, hence the scientific name 'bimaculatus', meaning two spots. Females will be primarily pink with yellow fins and tail. Females will typically have a yellow line stretching across the head through their eyes.
Diet.
The Bimaculatus Anthias are primarily carnivorous. The diet composing mainly of zooplankton and floating filamentous algae in the wild. In the aquarium, a varied diet of mysis shrimp, vitamin-enriched brine shrimp, frozen preparations and other meaty items for zooplankton feeders. Multiple small feedings throughout the day are recommended for this species.
Range.
It is found in various reefs of ranging in the Indo-West Pacific from East Africa, Maldives, and Indonesia. Its a deep water species typically found in coastal drop-offs.
In the Aquarium.
The Bimaculatus Anthias do well when kept in an aquarium over 70 gallons. Its a deep water species that seems to do well when several hiding places are made available. Its considered a moderately difficult fish to care for and reef compatible. 
Like other Anthias species, the Bimaculatus Anthias share the trait of being hermaphroditic. If a dominant male perishes, the largest female of the group will often morph to take its place.
They are peaceful aquarium inhabitants and will rarely bother their tankmates. The only exception seems to be males of the same species. This species may also be aggressive to other anthiae species. They are generally considered safe with any invertebrates. Possible tankmates include Clownfish, Blennies, Gobies, Chromis, and Butterflyfish.

</doc>
<doc id="19994132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19994132" title="John Butt (cricketer)">
John Butt (cricketer)

John Butt (May 7, 1892 — October 30, 1966) was an English cricketer. He was a left-handed batsman who played for Sussex. He was born in Sutton and died in Kensington.
Butt made a single first-class appearance for the team, against the touring West Indians in 1923. Batting in the upper-middle order, he scored two runs in the first innings and eight runs in the second.

</doc>
<doc id="19994157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19994157" title="Robyn O'Neil">
Robyn O'Neil

Robyn O'Neil (born 1977, Nebraska) is an American artist known for her large scale graphite on paper drawings.
O'Neil received a BFA from Texas A&M University-Commerce, TX and did graduate work at the University of Illinois at Chicago. She also studied at King's College London. O'Neil's narrative drawings most often contain a cult-like group of characters. They are all men dressed in black sweatsuits doing things ranging from murdering to embracing. Investigating the human condition and emotionalism, O'Neil's works are sometimes terrifying and other times hopeful. 
O'Neil shows at Susan Inglett Gallery in New York, Dunn and Brown Contemporary in Dallas, Tony Wight Gallery in Chicago and Praz-Delavallade in Paris and Berlin. Her work was included in the Whitney Museum of American Art’s 2004 Whitney Biennial, an exhibition celebrating Henry Darger's influence on contemporary art entitled Dargerism at the American Folk Art Museum, and she has been included in exhibitions in cities such as San Francisco, Philadelphia, Paris, Amsterdam, New York, and Portland.

</doc>
<doc id="19994203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19994203" title="The Charles Mingus Quintet &amp; Max Roach">
The Charles Mingus Quintet &amp; Max Roach

The Charles Mingus Quintet & Max Roach is an album by Charles Mingus, recorded at the Café Bohemia and released in 1955. Further recordings from the concert were released under the title "Mingus at the Bohemia".
Reception.
The Allmusic review by Ron Wynn awarded the album 4 stars stating "The Mingus/Roach/Mal Waldron dialogs overcome the ordinary stylings of Eddie Bert and George Barrow."

</doc>
<doc id="19994215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19994215" title="Metoposauridae">
Metoposauridae

Metoposauridae is an extinct family of trematosaurian temnospondyls. The family is known from the Triassic and Jurassic periods. Most members are large, approximately long. Metoposaurids can be distinguished from the very similar mastodonsauroids by the position of their eyes, placed far forward on the snout.
Several mass accumulations of metoposaurid fossils are known from the southwestern United States and Morocco. These have often been interpreted as the result of mass deaths from droughts. Many individuals would have died in one area, creating a dense bone bed once fossilized. These mass accumulations of metoposaurids are often dominated by one taxa, such as "Koskinonodon" or "Metoposaurus". Recent sedimentological studies suggest that the mass accumulations were not the result of droughts, but of river currents carrying remains. Most skeletons in these accumulations are disarticulated, suggesting they were transported by water to the deposition sites. The large gatherings of metoposaurids may have been breeding sites, and were probably common across floodplains in Late Triassic Pangaea.

</doc>
<doc id="19994242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19994242" title="Boomer Phillips">
Boomer Phillips

Boomer Phillips (also credited as Jeff "Boomer" Phillips) is a Canadian comedian/actor and television personality, who made regular appearances on "Video on Trial" on MuchMusic. He was born and raised in Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, and currently lives in Toronto. Besides his appearances in Video on Trial, he also played the role of "Pete Sharp" on the W Networks "The Smart Woman Survival Guide". In 2008, he was recruited by YTV to host "The Adrenaline Project" where kids compete in physical endurance challenges. Phillips also appeared in over 50 commercials and several small movies (for example, "The Price of Acorn" (2007) which played at the Rome International Film Festival). Boomer's comedy is known to be quite often physical, quite vulgar, and critiquing in nature.
As of 2010, he landed the lead of a feature film starring opposite Trish Stratus.
Phillips also received his firefighter certifications from TEEX, a division of the Texas A&M University system and is a Full-Time Firefighter in the Greater Toronto Area.

</doc>
<doc id="19994247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19994247" title="Yogi Bear (film)">
Yogi Bear (film)

Yogi Bear is a 2010 American 3D live-action/animated comedy film adaptation of the Hanna-Barbera cartoon series "The Yogi Bear Show" directed by Eric Brevig. The film stars Dan Aykroyd, Justin Timberlake, Anna Faris, Tom Cavanagh, T. J. Miller, Nate Corddry, and Andrew Daly. 
It was distributed by Warner Bros. with Hanna-Barbera serving as a co-producer. It is the first film development of a Hanna-Barbera property produced without the assistance of William Hanna and Joseph Barbera, who died in 2001 and 2006 respectively. 
The film tells the story of Yogi Bear as he tries to save his park from being logged. Principal photography began in November 2009. It was preceded by the 3D short "Rabid Rider", starring Wile E. Coyote and Road Runner.
"Yogi Bear" received negative reviews from critics, but was a surprise box office success.
Plot.
Yogi (Voiced by Dan Aykroyd) and Boo Boo (Voiced by Justin Timberlake) are two brown bears who have a penchant for stealing picnic baskets from visitors to Jellystone Park, while park rangers Smith (Tom Cavanagh) and Jones (T.J. Miller) are preventing them to do so. Meanwhile, Mayor R. Brown (Andrew Daly) realizes that Franklin City is facing bankruptcy due to profligate spending on his part. To solve it and fund his election campaign to be the next governor, the mayor decides to select Jellystone as a logging site, and Jellystone is prepared to be shut down.
To save the park, Ranger Smith holds a Centennial festival where he hopes to make a profit selling Season Passes. To sabotage the effort, Mayor Brown plays on Ranger Jones' desire to be head ranger and promises him the position if the funds are not raised. Yogi and Boo Boo had promised Smith to stay out of sight during the festival, but Jones convinces them otherwise. They try to please the crowd with a waterskiing performance, but Yogi inadvertently sets his cape on fire, causing the fireworks Smith set up to be knocked over and ignited prematurely, launching them into the crowd, who flee in a panic. After Jellystone is shut down, Ranger Smith is forced to stay in Evergreen Park, a small urban enclave choked with litter and pollution, but not after he tells Yogi that Yogi is not as smart as he thinks he is. Now seeing that their home is in danger of being destroyed, Yogi and Boo Boo travel to Evergreen Park and tell Smith about this, where he places the clues that Mayor Brown had given him, that Brown and his chief of staff (Nate Corddry) are planning to cut down Jellystone and its trees to make money. They return to Jellystone, and along with Rachel plan to stop the sale of the park. They learn that Boo Boo's pet turtle is a rare and endangered species, which means that, by law, the Park cannot be destroyed if the turtle is residing there. Ranger Jones then turns over Mayor Brown and teams up with Smith, Rachel, and the bears, after learning that he has been manipulated. Mayor Brown then learns about this and has his guards steal the turtle and confronts the group, stating that power is more convincing than the law. 
After Mayor Brown leaves for his conference, Rachel reveals that she had installed a camera in Boo Boo's bow tie, which recorded Mayor Brown's confession. The turtle manages to escape from Brown's Chief of Staff by using his frog-like tongue to pull itself through the car window and out into the park. Yogi an Boo Boo keep the guards distracted so Ranger Smith can upload the confession in the Jumbotron. When the confession is played, the crowd riots, and Brown attempts to tell them that the turtle does not exist, but the turtle manages to get into the conference. The people then learn about the park having an endangered species. Police officers arrest Mayor Brown and his guards for his crime; his chief of staff attempts to escape, but is pinned down by Rachel and he's arrested as well. The park then becomes a great success. Jones loses his position as head ranger and Smith takes it back. But Jones still works there, handing out flyers about how Jellystone Park has a rare and endangered turtle, while Rachel and Ranger Smith admit their feelings for each other. However after they kiss, they start chasing after Yogi and Boo Boo, who are back to stealing picnic baskets once again.
Production.
On October 2, 2008, it was confirmed that a live-action/CGI "Yogi Bear" movie was in the works. Ash Brannon was originally scheduled to direct the film but was replaced by Eric Brevig ("Journey to the Center of the Earth 3-D") when it was decided that the film would be produced as a 3-D project. Filming took place in the Lake Whakamaru Reserve, Waikato, New Zealand, as it was winter in the northern hemisphere and to wait for summer would put the production end time to be 6 months longer than if in southern hemisphere.
Like many Hanna-Barbera characters, in the original cartoon, Yogi's personality and mannerisms were based on a popular celebrity of the time. Art Carney's Ed Norton character on "The Honeymooners" was said to be Yogi's inspiration; his voice mannerisms broadly mimic Carney as Norton. Norton, in turn, received influence from Borscht Belt and comedians of vaudeville. Dan Aykroyd, the voice actor of Yogi Bear, stated that he is trying to evoke the influences that shaped the original Yogi Bear's voice. Aykroyd said, "It's about hitting certain notes, going back to those old Lower East Side rhythms, the Catskills, Jersey, Upstate New York. It's the Yiddish language, essentially, being spoken in English. It's the 'setup, delivery, punch' that sitcoms live on today. That's where the origin of American humor is." Aykroyd has stated that he grew up watching "Yogi Bear" on the long, cold, dark afternoons in his native Ottawa: "As a kid growing up in Ottawa, Canada, where the sky turns dark in the winter at about 3:30, Yogi Bear was my fire, my hearth, when I would come home. I would immediately turn on the TV while I thawed out."
Justin Timberlake came in with a prepared Boo-Boo voice; when he was learning to sing when he was younger, he imitated various cartoon characters. Eric Brevig said that he intended to make a film that did not want parents who remembered watching "Yogi Bear" cartoons to feel marginalized and displaced by the contemporary rendition of Yogi Bear.
The film's first trailer was released online on July 28, 2010. It was also attached with ' and "Alpha and Omega". A second trailer premiered with ', and a third trailer premiered with "Megamind", "Tangled", and "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 1". It features a Todd Collins song called "Walk, Walk, Walk." One of the trailers was also attached with UK showings of "".
The film was originally slated for release on June 25, 2010, but was pushed back to December 17, 2010 to avoid competition with "Grown Ups".
Rhythm and Hues provided CGI character animation for Yogi Bear, Boo-Boo Bear and the Turtle in the film. The company had previously worked with Hanna-Barbera on past theatrical productions: "The Flintstones" (1994), its prequel "Viva Rock Vegas" (2000), "Scooby-Doo" (2002), and its sequel "" (2004).
Reception.
Critical response.
"Yogi Bear" received negative reviews from film critics. Based on 101 reviews collected by Rotten Tomatoes, the film received a 13% "Rotten" approval rating for critics, with an average score of 3.6/10. The site's consensus stated ""Yogi Bear"s 3D effects and all-star voice cast are cold comfort for its aggressively mediocre screenplay." The compiled score on Metacritic is 35%.
One of few positive reviews came from film critics at "Spill.com", who appreciated the film staying true to its original source material, and not trying to "hip it up", comparing the 2007 and 2011 films "Alvin and the Chipmunks" and "The Smurfs". The critics also liked Dan Aykroyd and Justin Timberlake's performances. "Common Sense Media" gave the film one star, saying "Dumber-than-average family comedy won't even impress kids." "IGN" gave the film two stars, and summed up their review by saying "Of course, "Yogi Bear" is meant as a kids movie. And one supposes that it works on that level (the little ones at the press screening I attended seemed mildly amused). But we learned long ago that kids movies can operate on more than one level, and that's not something that director Eric Brevig ("Journey to the Center of the Earth 3-D") or his screenwriters are interested in. The result is a movie that's dumber than the average bear. Though at least it has a pee joke in it."
Box office.
"Yogi Bear" debuted at the American and Canadian box office at #2 behind "", with an under-performing $16,411,322; compared to "Tron Legacy"s $44,026,211. The opening weekend was lower than Warner Bros. expected, but executives believed that the film would hold well throughout the holiday season. The film earned $28 million in its first seven days, becoming Warner Bros.' top-grossing start for a family film for that year. In its second weekend, the film fell 53% to $7.8 million, falling to fifth place. 
This number was a much harder fall than what Warner Bros. was hoping for, but it blamed the drop on Christmas Eve landing on a Friday plus the big snowstorm in the eastern United States during that period. On Monday, that blame seemed justified, as the film jumped up 11% from Sunday to $3.6 million, which was altogether a 33% jump from its previous Monday. In its third weekend, the film jumped up 66% to $13 million and ranking fourth. The next weekend, it dropped 46% and ranked eighth with $6.8 million. Over the Martin Luther King, Jr. Weekend, it was able to pick up $7.4 million for the four-day, jumping up 12% from the previous weekend. 
The film has picked up $100,246,011 in the U.S. and Canada and also has a worldwide total of $201,584,141. Against an $80 million budget, the film has become a surprise box office hit.
Awards and nominations.
2011 Teen Choice Awards
Sequel.
Though the film received considerably poor reviews, Warner Bros. announced that they were moving forward with a sequel, scheduled to be released in September 19, 2014. Joshua Sternin and Jeffrey Ventimilia would write the first draft. Donald De Line and Karen Rosenfelt will be producing, with Andrew Haas executive producing. Jay Chandrasekhar will direct and co-write the film.
Home media.
Warner Home Video released the film on Blu-ray/DVD on March 22, 2011 in four versions: 

</doc>
<doc id="19994255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19994255" title="Latiscopidae">
Latiscopidae

Latiscopidae is a family of Temnospondyli.

</doc>
<doc id="19994314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19994314" title="National Pasta Association">
National Pasta Association

The National Pasta Association (NPA) is a trade association of professionals in the United States pasta industry. The NPA originally formed as The National Association of Macaroni and Noodle Manufacturers of America in 1904, making it one of the oldest trade associations in the United States. 
History.
The first commercial pasta plant in the United States was founded in 1848 in Brooklyn, New York. By the turn of the century, the pasta industry had reached a growth point that triggered a large group of industry members to assemble in Pittsburgh for a discussion of manufacturing and marketing issues. The result of this meeting was the establishment of the National Macaroni Manufacturers Association. In 1981, the name was changed to the National Pasta Association.

</doc>
<doc id="19994317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19994317" title="Metropolis Bridge">
Metropolis Bridge

The Metropolis Bridge is a railroad bridge which spans the Ohio River at Metropolis, Illinois. Originally built for the Chicago, Burlington and Quincy Railroad, construction began in 1914 under the direction of engineer Ralph Modjeski.
The bridge consists of the following: (from north to south)
Total length of the bridge is . The largest span stretches , and remains the longest pin-connected simple through truss span in the world. Cost of the bridge when built was $4,000,000. (USD)
Not long after completion in 1917, ownership of the bridge was passed on to the Paducah and Illinois Railroad, a newly formed railroad jointly owned by the Chicago, Burlington and Quincy Railroad and Nashville, Chattanooga and St. Louis Railway. In 1925, the Illinois Central Railroad purchased a 1/3 share of the Paducah and Illinois Railroad, and assumed operations and maintenance, as the bridge served as an important link in their newly completed Edgewood-Fulton Cutoff route.
As of 2013, the bridge is still owned by the Paducah and Illinois Railroad, with operations managed by the Canadian National Railway and bridge maintenance/inspection managed by BNSF Railway, where it continues to see heavy use.

</doc>
<doc id="19994380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19994380" title="A-YA">
A-YA

A-YA (A-JA), Cyrillic:«a-Я» — журнал неофициального русского искусства (English: Magazine of unofficial Russian art), was an underground Russian art revue. "A-YA" was a magazine illegally prepared in the Soviet Union and then published in Paris from 1979 to 1986.
The editors were Alexander Sidorov (under the pseudonym «Alexej Alexejev») in Moscow and Igor Shelkovsky in Paris.
"A-YA" was distributed in the U.S. by Alexander Kosolapov in New York. It consisted of 60 pages in A-4 format. There were 3000 edition copies (the first edition numbered 7000). "A-YA" was printed in both color and black-and-white.
An informal magazine, "A-YA" opened to the world the virtually unknown-to-the-public contemporary Soviet art and current Russian art, which for many years was to dominate the world's leading exhibition venues and auctions. It was from "A-YA" that people first heard the names Eric Bulatov, Ilya Kabakov, Dmitry Prigov and many others.

</doc>
<doc id="19994390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19994390" title="Dasha Astafieva">
Dasha Astafieva

Daria "Dasha" Viktorivna Astafieva ( born 4 August 1985) is a Ukrainian model. She is also a member of the Ukrainian pop group, NikitA together with Yulia Kavtaradze. Astafieva was the 2007 Playmate of the Year for the Ukrainian version of Playboy and was the American "Playboy's" Playmate of the Month for January 2009. She is the 55th Anniversary Playmate, the search and selection of which were featured on episodes of The Girls Next Door. Astafieva was also a spokeswoman for AnastasiaDate, a dating site.

</doc>
<doc id="19994430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19994430" title="Clayton Hodgson">
Clayton Hodgson

Clayton Wesley Hodgson (20 March 1897 – 14 April 1970) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Burnt River, Ontario and became a lumber merchant by career.
He was first elected at the Victoria riding in the 1945 general election then re-elected there for successive terms in the 1949, 1953, 1957, 1958 and 1962 federal elections.
From August 1957 to February 1958, he was Parliamentary Assistant to the Minister of Public Works then from November 1959 to November 1961, he served as Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Transport.
Hodgson died at Haliburton, Ontario aged 73, leaving a wife, three sons and a daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="19994459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19994459" title="Joshua's Law">
Joshua's Law

Joshua’s Law is a Georgia state law enacted in 2007 changing the class D driver's license requirements for teen drivers. A teen driver must meet the requirements to obtain a Class D Georgia driver’s license. The law was named after Joshua Brown, who lost his life in an accident in 2003. Joshua’s parents rallied with legislators in an effort to put stronger driver training laws into effect. The end result was a law that makes teens get more driving experience before obtaining a license.
Licensing procedure.
The Teenage and Adult Driver Responsibility Act (TADRA), enacted on July 1, 1997, necessitates a graduated three step driver licensing procedure for Georgia teens between the ages of 15 and 18. There are three separate classifications for teen driver licensing. Joshua’s Law, which went into effect January 1, 2007, added an additional educational requirement to the second step.
Step 1, the Learner's permit (Class CP license). The Learner's permit A minor the age of 15 may drive between the hours of 4 PM - 11 PM without a learner's permit as long as he or she has an Adult licensed driver over the age of 30 present.
Step 2, the Intermediate license (Class D license). Drivers are 16 years of age years of age who have held an Instructional Permit for 12 months and 1 day and passed the state-administered comprehensive on-road driving test are eligible for this license. There are several restrictions on this license, which are: 
Step 3, the Full license (Class C license). The Class C license is granted to drivers ages 18 years and older who have a class D license and have no major traffic convictions during the previous 12 months. Major traffic violations are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="19994504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19994504" title="Nigerpeton">
Nigerpeton

Nigerpeton is a genus of temnospondyl amphibian which lived during the Permian period some 250 million years ago in Niger. Specimens of "Nigerpeton" were first collected during field work in the Moradi Formation in 2000 and 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="19994507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19994507" title="Hiro Fujiwara">
Hiro Fujiwara

The manga artist was once active under her previous pen name, at the end of the 90's but has abandoned the name after she won the Best Rookie award in the LMS for "Kaeri Michi, Yuki no Netsu".
Her first series, which is also her latest finished work, is currently serializing in Hakusensha's monthly "shōjo" manga magazine, "LaLa". This series is licensed by Tokyopop for North America, and an anime adaptation was broadcast during Spring 2010.
About.
Personal.
Hiro Fujiwara was born on December 23, 1981 in Hyōgo Prefecture. She also has 2 older brothers and a dog but is currently living alone. She said that one of her older brothers was an Otaku and anonymously posted the story of his younger sister, Hiro, on the web radio of her work "Kaichō wa Maid-sama!" in connection with its story of the Younger Sister Day. She never revealed her specific age but mentioned that she is in her 20's.
She normally speaks standard Japanese but when she relaxes or let her guard down, she will speak in a Kansai accent in which she can hardly have control of. She also states that currently, she listens to songs by Akeboshi and Rie fu although her all time favourite singer is Hikaru Utada. She uses background music while doing work.
She also says that being a manga artist was a dream profession when she was young. During high school, she concentrated in playing double bass. While doing literature in a university, she had a gap-year of 4 years to choose what she wanted to be. She started to become a manga artist after she graduated. She mentions that during her university days, she became an assistant for a manga artist and that the experience had helped her with her work now.
She seems to be friends with Yuki Fujitsuka who authored Toremoto Beat. Fujitsuka's name came up in "Kaichō wa Maid-sama!"s 5th volume during the closing credits and Fujiwara also listed her as 'Yuki-sama' in her official website. The author and Yuki Fujitsuka both won the same category in the 31st Hakusensha Athena Newcomers' Awards in year 2006.
She also mentioned that all the characters in "Kaichō wa Maid-sama!" are easy to draw with the exception of Usui.
According to her old website, she does original CG and manga of all genres. She has also written poems.
Career.
Hiro Fujiwara made her debut by winning the Best Rookie award in the 144th LaLa Mangaka Scout Course for her work . However, this was won under her name, Hiro Izumi and it went on to be published in the April 2005 issue of "LaLa DX".
She has submitted a few works to Hakusensha's other contest besides the manga artist's other attempts at the "LMS" and "LMG". Those works are, , , "Fly" and another untitled work that was going to be sent in to year 2002's LaLa Mangaka Scout Course. "Diary." was sent into the 40th Big Challenge Awards but was not short-listed. She was placed 19th for "Kakera, Hitotsu" that was sent-in to the Hana to Yume Mangaka Course. The third work, "Fly" was submitted to the 27th Hakusensha Athena Newcomers' Awards and was mentioned in the 2nd issue of "Hana to Yume" as well as the February issue of "LaLa".
Nevertheless, her second work was published six months after she won the Best Rookie award in the LaLa Mangaka Scout Course. However, it was her first work to be published under the current pen name, Hiro Fujiwara. won the 36th LaLa Manga Grand Prix's Fresh Debut Award and was published in the November issue of "LaLa DX" in year 2004. In the same month, she also had another work titled serialized in "LaLa Special".
In year 2005, she started the year by serializing in the March issue of "LaLa DX". Three months later, she went on to publish another one-shot, and made her debut in "LaLa DX"s sister magazine, LaLa. In the November issue of "LaLa DX", she published her last work of the year, which was also later compiled together into "Kaichō wa Maid-sama!"s volume one.
For year 2006, she made her last one-shot titled which was published in the February issue of "LaLa". However, this one-shot's popularity had made the one-shot spanned into a manga series which is currently serializing in "LaLa". It already has 13 volumes published in Japan.
Besides authoring the manga, Fujiwara has also illustrated the furoku or freebies given out by the magazine as well as writing the scripts for the drama CDs. According to an entry at her blog, she said that this was her first overseas signing event.

</doc>
<doc id="19994542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19994542" title="Miles Golding">
Miles Golding

Miles Golding (born in Sydney in 1951) is a classical violinist, and an original member of Split Enz. Golding left the band in 1973 (before the recording of the debut album Mental Notes) to pursue further training in London.
Golding has played a variety of London in the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra, BBC Symphony Orchestra, City of London Sinfonia, Academy of St Martin-in-the-Fields, Philomusica, the London Sinfonietta, Kent Opera, and the Orchestra of St John's Smith Square.
After a reunion with Tim Finn, Golding travelled to New Zealand in 2007 and 2008 to play violin on Finn's album The Conversation, due for release in November 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19994544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19994544" title="Dendrerpetontidae">
Dendrerpetontidae

Dendrerpetontidae is a family of Temnospondyli.

</doc>
<doc id="19994591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19994591" title="Yerevanlı">
Yerevanlı

Yerevanlı or Yerevanly may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19994607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19994607" title="Welded sculpture">
Welded sculpture

Welded sculpture (related to visual art and works of art) is an art form in which sculpture is made using welding techniques. Welding was increasingly used in sculpture from the 1930s as new industrial processes such as arc welding were adapted to aesthetic purposes. Welding techniques, including digital cutting, can be used to cut and join metal. 
Welded sculpture is sometimes site-specific.
Artist Richard Hunt said "The idea of exploiting welding methods and the tensile strength of metals opened up many possibilities to me. This idea was actually linked to the increasing recognition among artists that an art which was representative of our own time ought to use materials and techniques that were at hand, whether it was new experiments using plastics, new kinds of paints, new kinds of surfaces in painting, or using materials developed during the war effort."
Artists who have worked in welded sculpture include:

</doc>
<doc id="19994615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19994615" title="Roland English">
Roland English

Roland Léo English (1 January 1909 – 15 January 1993) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons. Born in Rivière-au-Renard, Quebec, he was a manufacturer, organizer and teacher by career. As an industrialist, he was president of Quebec Metal Products Company Ltd.
From 1928 to 1935, English was a professor at St. Roch Academy. In 1935, he was an unsuccessful candidate for a Quebec provincial legislature seat.
His first attempt at federal office was in the 1953 federal election where he was defeated by Liberal candidate Léopold Langlois at the Gaspé riding. He defeated Langlois in the 1957 election then was re-elected at Gaspé in the 1958 and 1962 federal elections. His House of Commons career ended in the 1963 election when he was defeated by Liberal candidate Alexandre Cyr.
English made one further attempt to return to Parliament in the 1965 federal election at the Matapédia—Matane riding, but was unsuccessful there.
From 18 November 1959 to 17 November 1961, English served as Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Fisheries then from 18 January to 19 April 1962, he was Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Fisheries.

</doc>
<doc id="19994620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19994620" title="Cochleosauridae">
Cochleosauridae

Cochleosauridae is a family of Temnospondyli.

</doc>
<doc id="19994623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19994623" title="Təhlə">
Təhlə

Təhlə may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19994627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19994627" title="Mordor (MUD)">
Mordor (MUD)

Mordor is a particular codebase of MUD, programmed by Brooke Paul and John Freeman. It is based upon Quest for Mordor by Brett Vickers, which was first written in 1988. Mordor is derived from Quest v2.0 ca. 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="19994690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19994690" title="Alf Ackerman">
Alf Ackerman

Alf Ackerman (5 January 1929 – 10 July 1988) was a South African professional footballer. Born in Pretoria, Ackerman spent the majority of his career in Scotland and England, playing with Clyde, Hull City, Norwich City, Derby County, Carlisle United and Millwall. He was selected to play for the Third Division North side against the South in April 1957. After retiring as a player in 1961, Ackerman became player-manager of Dartford, and later manager of Gravesend & Northfleet. He died in Johannesburg at the age of 59.

</doc>
<doc id="19994693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19994693" title="Carl Werner">
Carl Werner

Carl Friedrich Heinrich Werner (October 4, 1808 – January 10, 1894) was a German watercolor painter.
Biography.
Born in Weimar, Werner studied painting under Julius Schnorr von Carolsfeld in Leipzig. He switched to studying architecture in Munich from 1829 to 1831, but thereafter returned to painting. He won a scholarship to travel to Italy, where he ended up founding a studio in Venice and remaining until the 1850s, making a name for himself as a watercolor painter. He exhibited around Europe, in particular traveling often to England, where he exhibited at the New Watercolour Society.
He traveled through Spain in 1856 and 1857, and then in Egypt and Palestine from 1862 to 1864. Particularly notable were his watercolors in Jerusalem, where he was one of the few non-Muslims able to gain access to paint the interior of the Dome of the Rock. He published some watercolors from this trip in 1875 as "Carl Werner's Nile Sketches". He later traveled to Greece and Sicily, and became a professor at the Leipzig Academy, dying in Leipzig in 1894.
Works.
His works include:

</doc>
<doc id="19994705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19994705" title="Sam Seamans">
Sam Seamans

Sam Seamans is an assisting bishop in the Diocese of Mid-America of the Reformed Episcopal Church and the Anglican Church in North America's College of Bishops. He is also Rector of St. Thomas' Anglican Church of Mountain Home, Arkansas; and as well a licensed pilot and Emergency Medical Technician.
Seamans holds a bachelor's degree in liberal arts from the University of Southwestern Louisiana, a master's degree from Trinity Theological Seminary, Newburgh and a Graduate Certificate in Anglican Studies from the Anglican School of Ministry and is currently working on a Masters of Theology (Th.M.) at Cranmer Theological House which is a seminary in the Reformed Episcopal Church.
Ministry.
Seamans was born in Morgan City in St. Mary Parish in South Louisiana.
He was baptized in the Southern Baptist tradition at the age of eleven. In 1985, at the age of eighteen, he was licensed to preach in the Southern Baptist church and began his ministry there, working as a summer missionary on the rural Louisiana coast. He attended college at the University of Southwestern Louisiana in Lafayette and graduated in May 1990 with a bachelor's degree in liberal arts (then known as general studies).
During college he was employed as a police officer and completed the police academy in 1987. After graduation he moved to Mountain Home, Arkansas, and went to work with the Mountain Home Police department where he served as a lieutenant before retiring in 2011.
Seamans states he felt a growing desire to fulfill a vacuum in his spiritual life and in 1997 he began to study Church history and liturgy. Then, he states, he found a historical, ancient expression of Christianity in the Anglican tradition.
He began to study classical Anglicanism, including Thomas Cranmer and Richard Hooker. He states that at this time he found a home in Anglicanism.
History.
At the age of 29 in 1997, he became an Episcopalian, albeit a traditional one. He later entered the Deacon Formation School in the Episcopal Diocese of Arkansas and was ordained a deacon in November 2001 by The Rt. Rev. Larry Maze.
Seamans then continued to serve under Arkansas Episcopal Bishop Larry Maze, but left the Episcopal Church three years later because of its social and theological liberalism, as well as what he describes as "its departure from the norms that Holy Scripture lays out for the Christian life and ministry."
Seamans founded St. Thomas Anglican Church in Mountain Home, Arkansas in August of 2004. He was ordained a priest in March 2005 by Bishop Stephen Reber. The parish was affiliated then with the United Episcopal Church of North America.
The church began holding services in a vacant beauty shop. They moved into their newly constructed church home in 2007, located behind Lowe's in Mountain Home, Arkansas. The church constructed a new parish hall in 2010.
Seamans was elected as a suffragan bishop at the 9th Triennial Synod of the United Episcopal Church of North America on October 28, 2008, held in Coshocton, Ohio. His consecration took place on January 10, 2009, in St. Louis, Missouri. Seamans was consecrated by Archbishop Stephen C. Reber, Presiding Bishop of the UECNA, Bishop Presley Hutchens of the Anglican Catholic Church and Bishop William Wiygul of the Anglican Province of Christ the King.
Reformed Episcopal Church.
On April 19, 2009, St. Thomas Anglican Church's vestry and congregation voted to align with the Reformed Episcopal Church and the Anglican Church in North America. Seamans was received by the REC and continues to serve as rector of his church in Mountain Home. He is currently an Assisting Bishop in the Diocese of Mid-America of the REC.
Episcopal priest controversy.
In November 2009, Seamans gained international notice by exposing an All Saints Day liturgy used by an Episcopal priest in Harrison, Arkansas. The liturgy "Praises Mohammed, Vishnu, Buddha, Confucius..." with the Celebrant stating: "All you Hindu saints; we praise you for holy are you...All you Buddhist saints, we praise you for holy are you..." even calling on "All you Incas of Peru, holy Mayans and Aztecs of Mexico, all you Native children of the sun and stars..."
The Episcopal bishop of Arkansas (TEC) supported the liturgy under the guise of "inter-faith dialogue". 
ACNA College of Bishops.
On December 11, 2009, Seamans was welcomed, along with several other bishops, into the Anglican Church in North America's College of Bishops during the First Annual Provincial Council in Toronto, Canada.
Education.
In addition to his bachelor's degree, Seamans holds a Master of Ministry degree from Trinity Theological Seminary in Newburgh, IN, and a Graduate Certificate in Anglican Studies from the Anglican School of Ministry. He is a certified hospice chaplain and serves as chaplain for the Fraternal Order of Police and the Mountain Home Police Department. He is also a Certified Training Officer and Law Enforcement Instructor in the state of Arkansas.
Seamans is conversant in the Czech language, is a licensed pilot for single engine aircraft and is a certified emergency medical technician. He is also a long distance cyclist and is very proud of his "Giant FCR 1 Flatbar Road Bike". He says, "I get most of my praying done while riding. I find it a very contemplative exercise which easily gives itself to prayer and meditation."
Career and family life.
Seamans is a retired (now part-time) lieutenant and Community Resource Officer in the Mountain Home Police Department. He is married to a native of the Czech Republic and has two children.
Seamans also has a special ministry to people with anxiety disorders, having overcome an anxiety disorder himself while in his 20s. In this ministry he highlights the biblical references to anxiety and depression and examines many of the great saints of the Christian faith who had such issues in their lives, but yet were used by God for the good of the kingdom.
Oblate of Subiaco Abbey, Subiaco, Arkansas.
On January 17, 2012, Seamans was invested as an oblate novice of Subiaco Abbey, a Benedictine monastery in Subiaco, Arkansas. Abbot Jerome Kodell and Fr. Mark Stengel performed the ceremony in the Chapel of St. Benedict in the abbey.
Arkansas Judicial Discipline and Disability Commission (JDDC).
In August of 2012 Seamans was appointed to the Arkansas Judicial Discipline and Disability Commission by Governor Mike Beebe. Seamans will serve a six-year term on the board and will be eligible for reappointment at the pleasure of the governor for an additional term.

</doc>
<doc id="19994723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19994723" title="Muskingum Electric Railroad">
Muskingum Electric Railroad

The Muskingum Electric Railroad was a private coal-carrying railroad owned by American Electric Power, and started operation in 1968. MERR shuttled coal in two trains from the mine to a powerplant at Relief, Ohio (across from Beverly, OH), a distance of 20 miles. The trains were driverless and powered by automated General Electric E50C's. The road also owned two private cars, Dover Fort and Oak Lane. The line is now defunct as the captive coal mine has since run out of economically recoverable coal. The coal was harvested by the largest dragline ever to be built, "Big Muskie".

</doc>
<doc id="19994769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19994769" title="Məşədilər, Tovuz">
Məşədilər, Tovuz

Məşədilər, Tovuz may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19994775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19994775" title="Delta Air Lines fleet">
Delta Air Lines fleet

As of January 2014, the Delta Air Lines mainline fleet comprises 735 aircraft in service. Prior to the merger with Northwest Airlines in 2009, Delta Air Lines operated an all-Boeing and McDonnell Douglas fleet, but incorporated Northwest's Airbus aircraft into its fleet following the merger.
Current fleet.
, the average age of the Delta fleet is 17.1 years; excluding grounded aircraft and those operated by contract carriers. The oldest aircraft in the fleet is the McDonnell Douglas MD-88s averaging 23.2 years.
Delta operates the largest fleets of the Boeing 757, the Boeing 767, and the McDonnell Douglas MD-90 of any operators worldwide.
Two of Delta’s MD-90s were assembled at Jiangwan Airfield in Shanghai, making Delta the only major U.S. airline to operate Chinese-made aircraft.
In early 2011, Delta began to discuss narrowbody replacement plans for the DC-9s, MD-88s, older A320 and 757-200 aircraft with manufacturers Airbus, Boeing and Bombardier. On August 25, 2011, Delta announced orders for 100 Boeing 737-900ER aircraft for delivery between 2013 and 2018 as it retires older mainline jets and upgrades its fleet. The new aircraft are intended to improve the company's profitability. On May 22, 2012, Delta announced that it would be subleasing 88 AirTran Boeing 717 aircraft from Southwest Airlines.
On October 20, 2011, Delta announced that all domestic and two class regional jets will receive Economy Comfort seats. The refurbishments began in 2012. All international aircraft already received Economy Comfort in 2011.
On September 4, 2013, Delta announced a new order with Airbus about 10 A330-300 HGW for fleet expansion and 30 A321s.
Delta Air Lines officially retired its DC-9s from mainline services on 6th January 2014, but were used on a needed basis until 22nd January.
The following table represents Delta Air Lines mainline fleet types and layouts in service .
Historical Delta Air Lines fleet.
Delta Air Lines had an all-Boeing (including McDonnell Douglas aircraft) fleet until its merger with Northwest Airlines.
Retired fleet.
Delta Air Lines and Alaska Airlines are the only surviving U.S. airlines that operated the Convair 880, still the fastest family of subsonic passenger aircraft ever, and only behind supersonic carriers such as the Concorde and the Tu-144 in speed.
Delta Air Lines fleet prior to the jet era.
Up until the late 1960s, Delta Air Lines operated a fleet of propeller operated aircraft, including among others, the Convair 340, Convair 440, Curtiss C-46 Commando, Douglas DC-3, Douglas DC-4, Douglas DC-6, Douglas DC-7, Fairchild Hiller FH-227, Lockheed Constellation, and Lockheed L-100 Hercules. The Curtiss C-46 Commando and Lockheed L-100 Hercules aircraft were operated as cargo aircraft.

</doc>
<doc id="19994777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19994777" title="Rice weevil">
Rice weevil

The rice weevil ("Sitophilus oryzae") is a serious stored product pest which attacks several crops, including wheat, rice, and maize.
Description.
The adults are around 2 mm long with a long snout. The body color appears to be brown/black, but on close examination, four orange/red spots are arranged in a cross on the wing covers. It is easily confused with the similar looking maize weevil, but there are several distinguishing features:
Biology.
Adult rice weevils survive for up to two years. Females lay 2-6 eggs per day and up to 300 over their lifetime. The female uses strong mandibles to chew a hole into a grain kernel after which she deposits a single egg within the hole, sealing it with secretions from her ovipositor. The larva develops within the grain, hollowing it out while feeding. It then pupates within the grain kernel and emerges 2–4 days after eclosion.
Male "S. orzyae" produce an aggregation pheromone ((4S,5R)-5-Hydroxy-4-methylheptan-3-one) to which males and females are drawn . A synthetic version is available which attracts rice weevils, maize weevils and grain weevils. Females produce a pheromone which attracts only males .
Control.
Control of weevils involves locating and removing all potentially infected food sources. Rice weevils in all stages of development can be killed by freezing infected food below -17.7°C (0°F) for a period of three days, or heating to 60°C (140°F) for a period of 15 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="19994786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19994786" title="Grand Central Hotel, Belfast">
Grand Central Hotel, Belfast

The Grand Central Hotel, on Royal Avenue in Belfast, Northern Ireland, opened in 1893. The building existed as a hotel until 1972, when it was taken over by the British Army as a military base from which to patrol the city centre during the height of the Troubles.
The hotel contained around 200 guest bedrooms and had many famous guests staying under its roof, including the Beatles and the Rolling Stones in the 1960s.
In 1972, the Army acquired the building, converting it to a military barracks which was in place until the early 1980s.
The troops based there were protected by anti-rocket screens constructed around the front of the building on the main street to repel everything from bricks and bottles to paint and blast bombs. One of the most bombarded hotels in the world, it was attacked more than 150 times by the Provisional IRA and other groups. 
In the late 1980s, the hotel was no longer required as a military base. It was acquired by developers and partly demolished to make way for the CastleCourt shopping centre which was completed in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="19994787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19994787" title="Song Zude">
Song Zude

Song Zude (; born August 24, 1968), known as "the King of Media Hype", is a famous person in the entertainment circle of mainland China. From 2002 to 2008, his accusations and allegations toward different celebrities have been responded by national attention. 
Song is graduated from International Technological University, in California, United States. He has been an engineer, a manager and an actor. 
Song, renowned as one of the most controversial people in China, could always attract nation-wide attention after he publicizes his accusations toward different people. 
In January, 2005, after he announced he was willing to buy the chest hair of Fei Xiang, a singer in Asia, in order to donate for the relief effort of 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake, people from both Indonesia and China accused him of disrespect. In October, 2008, after he accused the late Xie Jin, a well-known and respected film maker in China who died earlier that month, of having a dissolute life, most of the major medias in mainland China, as well as government-controlled agencies, accused him harshly. He is now known by a great number of people in mainland China.

</doc>
<doc id="19994821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19994821" title="Adrien Meunier">
Adrien Meunier

Adrien Meunier (24 December 1905 – 31 October 1971) was a Liberal party, initially independent Liberal, member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Saint-Liboire, Quebec and became a lawyer by career.
He first attempted to win a House of Commons seat in the 1949 federal election at Papineau but was defeated by independent candidate Camillien Houde. Meunier won the riding in the 1953 election as an independent Liberal candidate defeating official Liberal candidate Émile Dufresne. Meunier was then re-elected to successive terms in Parliament in the 1957, 1958 and 1962 federal elections. After completing his term in the 25th Canadian Parliament, Meunier did not campaign for another term in Parliament and left federal political office.

</doc>
<doc id="19994824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19994824" title="Typical versus maximum performance">
Typical versus maximum performance

The distinction between typical and maximum performance is one way to classify job performance in industrial/organizational psychology. Typical performance is how an employee performs on a regular basis, while maximum performance is how one performs when exerting as much effort as possible. 
Workers usually exhibit maximum performance when they are being observed. Therefore, some conditions that tend to foster maximum performance include work samples (often given to a potential employee during an interview), manager evaluations, and job knowledge tests. The results from these situations are the ones that are most accessible to supervisors; however, they are usually not reflected in an employee’s typical, or day-to-day, performance. This dichotomy makes it harder for managers to have an accurate picture of how an employee will typically act on the job. Therefore, an example of the importance of this distinction can be seen when a manager hires an employee based on high performance during an interview; the manager is essentially hiring the employee based on viewing their maximum performance, which may not be representative of their typical performance. Additionally, this distinction has led some organizations to take measures to get their employees to perform at their maximum level more often.
Characteristics.
Psychological tests are broadly divided by the British psychological society into following two types.
1:Test of typical performance.
in this case individual,s performance is assessed on given situation. answers are not right or wrong, but identify choices, preferences and strengths of feeling 
2:Test of maximum performance:
These assess the individual,s ability to perform effeciviely under standard conditions .Performance on these tests, which includes ability and aptitude tests, can be judged as right or wrong.Ability tests come in many different forms and may test a general intellectual functioning or a specific ability 
reference:Laurie.J Mullins, management and organistaion behaviour, 8th ed, Prentice hall p140.
Both typical and maximum performances are characterized by different conditions. Managers and organizations should be aware of these so that they are able to identify whether an employee is performing at a typical or maximum level. 
Sackett, Zedeck, and Fogli, the researchers who first studied the typical/maximum distinction in 1988, proposed that several conditions must be present for maximum performance to occur: 
a. the individual must be aware that they are being observed; 
b. the individual must be instructed to maximize their effort; and 
c. the measure of performance must occur over a short period of time so that the individual can remain focused on the appropriate goal.
Alternatively, typical performance would occur in situations where the individual is not aware of evaluation, is not consciously attempting their best performance, and is monitored over a long period of time. 
More recently, Sackett elaborated on the definition of maximum performance, saying that one can view it as the level of performance an employee can “produce on demand” if exerting maximum effort for a short period of time. This means that maximum performance cannot be due purely to luck or chance. As an example, he says that when concentrating, he could make 7 of 10 free throws. But, if he has a hot streak and makes 10 baskets in a row, this wouldn’t be maximum performance because it was probably just due to luck. 
Original findings
The original research on typical and maximum performance studied supermarket employees scanning items at a cash register. Typical performance was determined by the average number of items scanned and the number of voids per shift. Maximum performance was calculated according to the speed and accuracy of several timed observation periods. The researchers found that those two measures were not statistically related, suggesting that typical and maximum performance are actually distinct categorizations.
Confirming research.
Continued support has been found for the typical vs. maximum performance distinction since the initial supermarket study. In one study looking at antecedents of the two types of performance, statistical analyses revealed that typical and maximum performance are conceptually different variables. In addition, other studies have revealed that typical and maximum performances do not share the same antecedents, which suggests that these are two separate forms of performance.
Components.
Job performance is viewed as an employee’s results, determined by their combined intelligence and motivation. Since motivation is dependent on an individual’s choices, one can control the direction, level, and persistence they put into a task. Intelligence, however, is stable and not under personal control.
Motivation and intelligence
All tasks require some form of ability and motivation, however, Sackett and colleagues hypothesized that the difference between typical and maximum performance is determined by a combination of these two factors. They expected that maximum performance is primarily determined by the intelligence of an individual. Since maximum performance occurs when the individual is highly motivated to perform well, the impact of intelligence is higher under these conditions. Everyone under this condition would be exerting the maximum amount, so the difference between individuals lies in their ability. In typical performance, both intelligence and motivation are thought to influence the quality of an employee’s job performance. However, motivation is believed to be the more influential factor in this situation. 
Research has investigated the strength of these original theories driving typical and maximum performance. A recent study confirmed Sackett and colleagues’ ideas, finding that maximum performance was related to the employee’s knowledge of the job (e.g., intelligence), while typical performance was related to persistence, self-efficacy, and other measures of motivation.
Antecedents.
Because maximum performance can be misleading, it is important for managers to be able to recognize the antecedents of both maximum and typical performances. This can further allow them to recognize when they are most likely to observe either type of performance. 
Intelligence
Since all individuals in a maximum performance situation are expected to have similarly high levels of motivation, the differences in their performance should be primarily based on the differing ability of each person. Following these thoughts, researchers have hypothesized that intelligence would be predictive of maximum performance. A few studies have supported this thought, finding that intelligence is more highly related with maximum performance than it is typical performance. 
Personality
Researchers have hypothesized that typical performance would be predicted by personality factors, since much of the variability in this type of performance is controlled by an individual and their exertion of effort. Specifically, neuroticism and conscientiousness have been believed to be the personality factors that contribute to motivation, since neuroticism is related to self-esteem and confidence, and conscientiousness is related to perseverance and desire to achieve. This idea has received mixed results in the research. A study by Ployhart and colleagues found that the personality factors of neuroticism and extroversion significantly predicted typical performance, and extroversion and openness significantly predicted maximum performance. This research appears to indicate that personality is predictive of both types of performance. A separate study, however, found slightly different results, concluding that overall personality is more predictive of typical performance, while intelligence is still the best predictor of maximum performance. 
Honesty
Many organizations give tests to potential employees during the interview process to determine their job knowledge, overall intelligence, or honesty, and use these to predict how the employee will perform if hired. Research has touched on how maximum performance can be predicted by these tests. For example, one tool is the integrity test, which is a test that attempts to assess whether potential employees will engage in deviant behavior on the job. Examples of such behavior can range from gossiping about a co-worker to stealing money from the organization. Researchers have linked integrity testing to maximum performance because they hypothesize that integrity levels will determine differences in how individuals perform their job, differences which can affect maximum performance in particular. Results obtained by Ones & Viswesvaran supported the use of integrity testing in predicting maximum performance, but also mentioned that job knowledge tests predicted maximum performance as well. Interestingly, integrity tests are related to the personality factor of conscientiousness, which, as mentioned previously, has not been shown to be related to maximum performance.
Race
Research has also investigated racial differences in typical and maximum performance. Traditionally, studies have found that minority groups, specifically African Americans, score lower than Whites on intelligence tests, but that personality tests are less biased when predicting performance. As mentioned previously, typical performance has been linked to personality, and maximum performance has been linked to intelligence. Therefore, researchers expected African Americans to exhibit lower levels of maximum performance than Whites, with both ethnic groups showing similar levels of typical performance. However, a study by DuBois and colleagues found just the opposite. Whites outperformed African Americans when they observed typical performance; whereas, the difference was much less pronounced when they examined maximum performance. While this should not impact selection of employees, managers should be aware of the trend when observing performance.
Purpose of distinction.
Distinguishing between typical and maximum performance can have both theoretical implications for researchers and practical purposes for organizations. 
Academic implications
Conceptually, the different types of performance could have different predictors, which will affect research in this domain. For example, many studies have found differences in performance ratings depending on whether the rater is a supervisor or a peer. The typical/maximum distinction could explain this difference if, for instance, supervisors observe more maximum performance while peers observe more typical performance.
Practical implications
On the practical side, the typical/maximum distinction can be important when organizations hire new employees. For instance, even though many companies intend to evaluate what an individual’s typical performance would be when making a hiring decision, often organizations use measures that should be associated with maximum performance. These common evaluations include assessment centers, intelligence tests, and situational interviews.
Very little research has attempted to look at how various selection tools can predict an employee’s behavior with regard to typical and maximum performance; however, one recent study did focus on behavior description interviews and situational interviews. Behavior description interviews ask applicants to describe past behavior related to specific aspects of the job, while situational interviews have applicants respond to hypothetical job-related dilemmas. Klehe and Latham found that both the behavior description interview and the situational interview predicted typical performance, and the situational interview also predicted maximum performance. While many researchers have expressed concerns about using these tools to predict typical performance, this study suggests that they may actually be quite useful.
Another practical implication of this distinction is the effect it has on employee compensation. Managers may value typical and maximum performance differently, resulting in different rewards. Research suggests that both typical and maximum predict compensation levels, but organizations should ensure that this is the practice they wish to employ.
Unanswered questions.
While there have been advances in typical vs. maximum performance theory since Sackett and colleagues’ seminal paper, studies on this topic have been limited and many questions are still unanswered. In focusing on the antecedents of both performance types, conflicting research has prohibited researchers from drawing concrete conclusions as to how to forecast employees’ potential performances. Specifically, there has not been consistent support for either personality as an antecedent of typical performance or intelligence as an antecedent of maximum performance. In addition, very few other antecedents have been suggested as relating to either type of performance. 
Another unanswered question is the time period that may elapse when studying maximum and typical performance. As mentioned, a requirement of maximum performance is that it must be observed over a “short period of time,” whereas typical performance is observed over an extended period of time. However, Sackett and other researchers have left the exact duration requirements vague. Future research could examine where the cutoff point between typical and maximum performance lies.
Summary.
The distinction between typical and maximum performance has been evident for the past 20 years. Research shows that employees perform at a higher level when they are being temporarily observed compared to other times. The level of typical performance one will usually exhibit, and the level of maximum performance one can achieve, both seem to have particular antecedents. These may include intelligence, personality, honesty, and race. However, further research is needed to confirm and expand upon these findings.

</doc>
<doc id="19994832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19994832" title="Lapillopsidae">
Lapillopsidae

Lapillopsidae is a family of Temnospondyli.

</doc>
<doc id="19994842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19994842" title="Baxter Street Dudes">
Baxter Street Dudes

The Baxter Street Dudes were a New York teenage street gang, mostly of former newsboys and bootblacks, who ran the "Grand Duke's Theatre" from their headquarters in the basement of a Baxter Street dive bar during the 1870s. They were known by trade as neighborhood thieves led by a tough known as Baby-Face Willie, however they also wrote and performed plays, musicals and variety shows which were enjoyed by other street toughs and slummers throughout the city. The theatre house eventually became a popular underworld hangout, from which the gang enjoyed financial success, however they soon came under attack from rival gangs from the Five Points and Mulberry Bend. The gangs began throwing rocks in order to disrupt the performances and violent fights would often break out. The club was eventually shut down by police both due to the frequent fighting as well as the gang's refusal to pay amusement taxes to the city. 
The gang has been portrayed in a number of historical novels including "Dreamland" (2003) by Kevin Baker, "The Five Points Concluded" (2003) by Rocco Dormarunno, "Sweet America: An Immigrants Story" (2004) by Steven Knoll and "Heyday: A Novel" (2007) by Kurt Andersen.

</doc>
<doc id="19994860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19994860" title="WPJF">
WPJF

WPJF (1260 AM) is a silent radio station licensed to Greenville, South Carolina, USA, it serves the Upstate South Carolina area. The outlet is licensed by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to broadcast at 1260 kHz with 5,000 watts of power daytime and 15 watts at night. It first began broadcasting in 1948. The station is currently owned by Iglesia Nueva Vida of High Point.
History.
1260 AM signed on under the ownership of Bob Jones University in May 1948 and signed on officially on September 15, 1949 as a venue for sacred and classical music, dramatic readings, and gospel preaching. The call letters stand for "World's Most Unusual University," a now-abandoned promotional slogan of BJU. Bob Jones, Sr. intended for the station to operate independently, accepting advertising rather than being supported by the university, but he did not expect the station to make a profit.
The AM station eventually increased its power from 1,000 to 5,000 watts in the early 1960s. Bob Jones University eventually shifted the majority of its sacred and classical music to WMUU-FM, using the AM station for preaching and some religious music. 
This practice continued until the university sold the station to Comunidad Cristiana International in early 2008. It then became a Spanish Religious station under the name "Radio Luz." The station went silent in early 2011 due to financial troubles.
On October 1, 2012, the station's license was assigned to Iglesia Nueva Vida of High Point for a purchase price of $200,000.

</doc>
<doc id="19994883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19994883" title="Suite Madame Blue">
Suite Madame Blue

"Suite Madame Blue" is a 1975 song by Styx, the final track on their album "Equinox". It was also included on the A&M compilation "Styx: Greatest Hits". It is also a fan favorite and is played regularly at both Styx's concerts and lead singer Dennis DeYoung's concerts.
Background.
The song was written in 1975, a year before the United States Bicentennial. Because of this, many people believe this song to be celebrating America. The truth, however, is that the track was a protest song, sung from the point of view of a man who clearly loves America, but knows the country is far from perfect and needs improvement. "Suite Madame Blue" is a metaphor for the United States, but many lyrics are actually metaphors for political controversies of the 1960s and 1970s, such as Watergate and the War in Vietnam. The lyric "So lift up your heart, make a new start, and lead us away from here" is an allusion to the need for change in the United States.
Similarities Between Other Songs.
The acoustic guitar chord progression for the track is similar to the acoustic guitar chord progressions of both "Winter Time" by Steve Miller Band (See Book of Dreams) and "Babe I'm Gonna Leave You" by Led Zeppelin.

</doc>
<doc id="19994888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19994888" title="The Lindens">
The Lindens

The Lindens may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19994932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19994932" title="Platteville Limestone">
Platteville Limestone

The Platteville Limestone is the Ordivician limestone formation in the sedimentary sequence characteristic of the upper Midwestern United States. It overlies the thin Glenwood Shale, which overlies the thick Saint Peter Sandstone. It is shot through with dolomitic mottles in an anastomose pattern; this dolotimization occurred after deposition but prior to the development of joints in the rock.
This difficult-to-erode unit forms the cap of Saint Anthony Falls and the Mississippi River bluffs in most of the Twin Cities area. Sea life was abundant during the Ordivician Period and a large number of marine fossils including corals, bryozoans, brachiopods, clams, snails, cephalopods, and trilobites can be found in the limestone sediments at several areas in the Twin Cities and along the Mississippi River at Minnehaha Falls park and elsewhere. 
Building material.
Many early stone buildings in Minnesota were constructed with this material, which often was quarried at the site. It can often be seen in older neighborhoods as the foundation for a building or a retaining wall. A notable existing example is the Nicollet Island Inn in Minneapolis.

</doc>
<doc id="19994952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19994952" title="St. Catharine (Waldorf, Maryland)">
St. Catharine (Waldorf, Maryland)

St. Catharine, also known as Dr. Samuel A. Mudd House, is a historic house near Waldorf, Maryland. It is a two-part frame farmhouse with a two-story, three-bay side-passage main house with a smaller two-story, two-bay wing. It features a one-story hip-roofed porch across the facade added in 1928. It was at this house where Dr. Samuel A. Mudd treated the injured John Wilkes Booth. "St. Catharine" has been in the Mudd family since the 1690s. It is operated as a historic house museum.
St. Catharine was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="19994953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19994953" title="Walter Stuart Diehl">
Walter Stuart Diehl

Walter Stuart Diehl (December 3, 1893 – November 21, 1976) was an American naval officer and pioneering aeronautical engineer.
Early life.
Diehl was born in Jonesborough, Tennessee, on December 3, 1893, as the oldest child of Wiliam P. and Lydia Showalter Diehl. He lived in Jonesborough until he served in the United States Navy during World War I, in which the United States participated from April 6, 1917 to November 11, 1918.
Personal life.
Diehl married Zulime Summers in 1923 in Washington, D.C. They had two children, Zulime Whitney Diehl, born April 19, 1925, and Walter Colburn Diehl, born February 22, 1930.
Career.
Diehl was a pioneer of aerodynamics and aircraft design. Serving in the U.S. Navys Bureau of Aeronautics, he directed the Navy's work in aerodynamics and hydrodynamics from 1918 until 1951. He was responsible for the funding, programs, and facilities of the Aerodynamics Laboratory. The author of the authoritative "Engineering Aerodynamics", he actively participated in and strongly influenced continuing advances in aerodynamics and hydrodynamics.
He initiated action that led to establishment of the David W. Taylor Model Basin at Carderock, Maryland, the Aircraft Research Station at Chincoteague, Virginia, and the U.S. Navys test flight unit at Naval Air Station Anacostia in Washington, D.C., which later developed into the U.S. Naval Air Test Center, Patuxent, Maryland.
Retirement and death.
Diehl retired from the Navy in 1951 as a captain. He died in Washington D. C. on November 21, 1976.
Memorialization.
A U.S. Navy fleet replenishment oiler, , was named for Diehl. She was christened in his honor in New Orleans, Louisiana, on October 10, 1987 and entered non-commissioned service as a United States Naval Ship with the Military Sealift Command on September 13, 1988. She remains in active service.

</doc>
<doc id="19994973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19994973" title="Trimerorhachidae">
Trimerorhachidae

Trimerorhachidae is a family of dvinosaurian temnospondyls.

</doc>
<doc id="19994991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19994991" title="Ruxandra Popa">
Ruxandra Popa

Ruxandra Popa (born 1987 in Ploiești, Romania) is a Romanian model and beauty queen. She was named Miss Romania-Earth 2008. She was crowned by Alina Gheorge, Miss Romania Earth 2007.
Miss Earth 2008.
By winning Miss Romania-Earth, Popa earned the right to represent Romania at Miss Earth 2008. Ruxandra eventually became one of the favorites to win the Miss Earth 2008 crown. 
In the final competition of the eighth edition of the international beauty pageant Miss Earth, Popa was announced as one of sixteen semi-finalists who moved forward to compete for the title. She ended as one of the top 16 semifinalists of Miss Earth. The Miss Earth pageant was held on November 9, 2008 at the Clark Expo Amphitheater in Angeles City, Pampanga, Philippines. Eighty-five delegates arrived from October 19, 2008 in the Philippines. The pageant was broadcast live via ABS-CBN in the Philippines and to many countries worldwide via Star World, The Filipino Channel and other partner networks.

</doc>
<doc id="19994996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19994996" title="Josh Fields (pitcher)">
Josh Fields (pitcher)

Joshua Fields (born August 19, 1985) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Houston Astros of Major League Baseball.
Fields played four seasons for the University of Georgia, 2005–08. He was selected by the Atlanta Braves in the second round of the 2007 draft but chose to return to school, then was selected 20th overall in the first round of the 2008 Major League Baseball Draft by the Seattle Mariners. He agreed to terms with the Mariners on February 13, 2009. Fields's agent for the negotiations was Scott Boras.
As of May 2011, Fields played for the Jackson Generals, the Mariners' AA affiliate.
On July 31, 2011, Fields was traded to the Boston Red Sox in a three-team trade that sent Érik Bédard to the Red Sox. In the 2012 Rule 5 draft, the Astros acquired Fields from the Red Sox as the first pick of the draft. In 2013 he made the Astros final 25 man roster and recorded a strikeout against the 1 batter he faced.

</doc>
<doc id="19995003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995003" title="Eobrachyopidae">
Eobrachyopidae

Eobrachyopidae is a family of dvinosaurian temnospondyls.

</doc>
<doc id="19995004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995004" title="Gérard Légaré">
Gérard Légaré

Gérard Légaré (11 July 1908 – 1 November 1997) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was an editor, journalist, printer and publisher by career. He was born in Chicoutimi, Quebec.
He was first elected at the Rimouski riding in the 1953 general election, then re-elected there for a second term in the 1957 election. In the 1958 election he was defeated by Émilien Morissette of the Progressive Conservative party, but won back the riding in the 1962 election.
The 25th Canadian Parliament was Légaré's last term in federal office. During the 1963 election campaign, Social Credit candidate Gérard Ouellet was reported to be winning the rural areas of Rimouski. New Democratic Party candidate Raymond D'Auteuil attracted younger urban voters whom Liberal campaigners admittedly ignored. After a judicial recount of ballots, Ouellet won Rimouski with 140 more votes that Légaré. By that June, Légaré was hired to assist Jean-Paul Deschatelets, the Minister of Public Works in Lester B. Pearson's new government.
Légaré joined the Immigration Appeal Board in 1967, becoming its vice-chair in March 1976. He was also an editorial assistant for the federal Centennial Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="19995005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995005" title="Mister Johnson (novel)">
Mister Johnson (novel)

Mister Johnson (1939) is a novel by Joyce Cary. It is the story of a young Nigerian who falls foul of the British colonial regime. Although the novel has a comic tone, the story itself is tragic. Joyce Cary has been quoted as saying that "Mister Johnson" was his favorite of his own books. Mister Johnson is often read in schools and has had a wide audience. It has been adapted as a play by Norman Rosten, and a film by Bruce Beresford. Chinua Achebe has said that Mister Johnson struck him as superficial and helped form his determination to write his own novels about Nigeria. Other critics have found Cary's portrayal of his main character patronizing and Johnson himself childish.
Plot summary.
Johnson, a young African, is assigned as clerk at a British district office in Fada, Nigeria. He is from a different district and is regarded as a foreigner by those native to the area. Johnson works his way into local society, marrying there, but never really fitting in. At the same time, he has difficulties in adjusting to the regulations and mechanism of the district office and his official duties. The district officer, Rudbeck, meanwhile, is dissatisfied with his work in the service and his life in Africa.
Rudbeck conceives the notion that a road linking Fada to the main highway and larger population centers will be of great benefit to the region. Johnson, as Rudbeck's clerk, also becomes enthused about this project. Johnson is one of Cary's joy-filled characters, possessor of a great energy that infects all around him. People are drawn to Johnson and follow him without realizing that they are being led. Indeed, Johnson has no clear idea of where he is going. 
His delight is in seeing those around him happy. His mood infects Rudbeck and, when Johnson suggests how the books may be fiddled to support Rudbeck's road project, the colonial officer is seduced. But Rudbeck's swindle is uncovered and he returns to England to be with his wife. Johnson now goes to work for Gollup, a retired British sergeant who has married a native woman and runs the local store. Gollup is an abusive drunk given to racist epithets, but he admires Johnson's good-humored courage in facing up to his words and blows. 
Johnson, in turn, enjoys the compliment to his courage and, when Gollup next attacks him, retaliates. Gollup does not take this kind of violence seriously and thinks no less of Johnson, but he cannot have an employee who has struck him in public. Johnson is let go and leaves Fada. Meanwhile, a shortage of political officers means that Rudbeck must return. He immediately recommences his road-building. Rudbeck and his superior work out the extent to which he can finagle road-building funds from the accounts, but the older man warns Rudbeck that another scandal will destroy his career.
The road-building brings Johnson back to Fada. Rudbeck hires him again and Johnson's infectious enthusiasm makes the road-building successful. But Rudbeck discovers that Johnson has been engaged in petty graft and dismisses him. Johnson turns to theft from the store to support his lifestyle and, when Gollup discovers him, kills the storekeeper. Now Rudbeck must try Johnson for murder. The trial brings Rudbeck to the breaking point. Johnson is found guilty and begs Rudbeck to keep him from the gallows by killing him. Rudbeck follows his heart rather than the rules and does so, though the act will destroy his career and possibly have other ramifications, legal and personal, that lie beyond the close of the novel.
Indian Film Adaptation.
The Indian film "Massey Sahib", starring Raghubir Yadav and Arundhati Roy is based on this novel. Though in the film the colony is changed from Africa to British India, and the protagonist, accordingly, to an Indian, in fact an Indian convert to Christianity who marries a tribal girl, and due to his sheer lack of sophistication and corrupt nature ends up in suspension and finally gets hanged for a murder.

</doc>
<doc id="19995008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995008" title="Spye Park (disambiguation)">
Spye Park (disambiguation)

Spye Park may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19995017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995017" title="Walter S. Diehl">
Walter S. Diehl

Walter S. Diehl may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19995051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995051" title="Mafia Raj">
Mafia Raj

Mafia Raj (Hindustani: माफ़िया राज, مافیا راج, "mafia regime") refers to a criminalised nexus (or "mafia") of government officials, elected politicians, business interests and other entities (such as law-enforcement authorities, non-governmental organisations, trade unions or criminal organisations).
In India (where the term originated) it can refer to cities, states, government departments, public sector businesses or entire sectors of the economy that are subject to these conditions. Due to the ability of these mafias to operate their illegal activities in a sustained fashion, sometimes openly and with the use of violent intimidation, terms like Goonda Raj ("rule of the goons"), Jungle Raj ("law of the jungle") and Anarchy are used to refer to the same phenomenon.
In the Indian and Pakistani media, the mafias are usually mentioned by the name of the economic sector in which they are involved. Terms such as coal mafia, timber mafia (sometimes forest mafia), contractor mafia (sometimes road construction mafia or road contract mafia) and land mafia are commonly used.
Coal mafia of Dhanbad, Jharkhand.
The state-owned coal mines of Bihar (now Jharkhand after the division of Bihar state) were among the first areas in India to see the emergence of a sophisticated mafia, beginning with the mining town of Dhanbad. It is alleged that the coal industry's trade union leadership forms the upper echelon of this arrangement and employs caste allegiances to maintain its power. Pilferage and sale of coal on the black market, inflated or fictitious supply expenses, falsified worker contracts and the expropriation and leasing-out of government land have allegedly become routine. A parallel economy has developed with a significant fraction of the local population employed by the mafia in manually transporting the stolen coal for long distances over unpaved roads to illegal mafia warehouses and points of sale.
The coal mafia has had a negative effect on Indian industry, with coal supplies and quality varying erratically. Higher quality coal is sometimes selectively diverted, and missing coal is replaced with stones and boulders in railway cargo wagons. A human corpse has been discovered in a sealed coal wagon.
In June 2012, the Bollywood epic "Gangs of Wasseypur" was released portraying the coal mafia in the area of Dhanbad. The movie received overwhelming response and was declared a Hit.
Timber mafias.
Protected forest areas in parts of India – such as Jammu and Kashmir, Himachal Pradesh, Karnataka and Jharkhand – are vulnerable to illegal logging by timber mafias that have coopted or intimidated forestry officials, local politicians, businesses and citizenry.
Contractor Mafias.
Many state-funded construction activities in India, such as road building, are dominated by construction mafias, which are groupings of corrupt public works officials, materials suppliers, politicians and construction contractors. Shoddy construction and material substitution (e.g., mixing sand in cement while submitting expenses for cement) result in roads and highways being dangerous and sometimes simply washed away when India's heavy monsoon season arrives. 
In a widely covered case, Satyendra Dubey, a project director with the National Highways Authority of India, was murdered in 2003, allegedly because he had written a letter exposing deep-seated contractor mafia involvement in the construction of a section of the prestigious Golden Quadrilateral project to the prime minister's office. Although a CBI investigative report after the assassination stated that there was no contractor mafia involvement in Dubey's murder, his family and supporters maintained that an attempt at a cover-up was being made.
Attempts have been made to reduce mafia influence by making construction tendering processes more transparent, sometimes by attempting to move them online, so that a complete audit trail of bids and activity is maintained. Construction mafias are alleged to have used their political influence decisively to frustrate many such attempts, for example, in the public works for which the Municipal Corporation of Delhi is responsible.
Land mafias.
In cities and villages throughout India, mafias consisting of municipal and other government officials, elected politicians, judicial caca pers and law enforcement officials, acquire, develop and sell land in illegal ways for profit. Sometimes, government land or land ostensibly acquired for some legitimate government purpose is then handed over to real estate developers who build commercial and residential properties and sell them in the open market, often with the connivance of administrative and police officials. 
In one set of allegations in Karnataka, a lake was filled in and government buildings torn down after illegal transfers to a developer by mafia-connected officials. Eminent domain laws, intended to procure private land at relatively low prices for public benefit or redistribution to poorer people under social justice programs, are abused to pressure landholders to sell land to a government entity, which transfers the land to developers at those low prices, and who in turn sell it back on the market at much higher prices.
Computerization of records relating to the classification of tracts and land ownership is a key tool in countering the illegal activities of land mafias, since it creates transparency on all information relating to a given parcel of land. This approach has been effective in Bangalore, but efforts to extend it elsewhere have sometimes met with strong resistance by land mafias, manifesting itself as bureaucratic inaction. 
Focused vigilance in specific areas by government agencies has acted as a deterrent to land mafia activities. For example, the land mafia in the Noida area, on the outskirts of Delhi, was reported to have illegally begun carving out plots for commercial sale on land identified by the Central Zoo Authority of India as the site for India's first Night Safari park. Subsequent to coverage in the press, vigorous legal action by the Greater Noida Authority reportedly led to this mafia alliance backing away from this theft, although it may have shifted its attention to illegally encroaching on land along the planned Taj Expressway, connecting Delhi and Agra, which is expected to become quite valuable once the highway is inaugurated.

</doc>
<doc id="19995077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995077" title="Life Show">
Life Show

Life Show () is a 2002 Chinese film directed by Huo Jianqi. A drama, "Life Show" tells the story of a restaurant owner, played by Tao Hong, whose busy life dealing with family and business is nevertheless a lonely one. Her life takes a turn, however, when one of her long-time customers, played by Tao Zeru, shows a romantic interest in her. The film was a co-production between the China Film Group and the Beijing Film Studio. It was based on a novel by Chi Li and was adapted by Si Wu.
"Life Show" won the Golden Goblet at the 2002 Shanghai International Film Festival, as well as awards for best actress and best cinematography. It received a North American premiere at the Montreal World Film Festival on August 28, 2002.
Plot.
"Life Show" follows a woman, Lai Shuangyang (Tao Hong), who operates a duck neck stall in night market in an unnamed city in central China (the film was shot in Chongqing). Though Shuangyang keeps her cool, her life is filled with complications. Her brother drug-addicted Jiujiu has been committed to a sanitarium Her assistant, Mei, who has fallen in love with Jiujiu, attempts suicide. Her sister in law, Xiaojin, always leaves Shuangyang's nephew for Shuangyang to take care of. At the same time, Shuangyang is trying to regain her family's home, which was given to a neighbor during the Cultural Revolution. Perhaps worst of all, Shuangyang is at risk of losing her restaurant.
Into this morass, Shuangyang starts to notice one of her customers, Zhou Xiongzhou, a middle-aged businessman who has been frequenting her restaurant for a year. Despite concerns, she decides to take the risk with Xiongzhou and the two begin an unassuming romance.
DVD release.
"Life Show" was released for North American markets on region 1 DVD by Razor Digital Entertainment on October 11, 2005. The DVD included subtitles for English, as well as both simplified and traditional Chinese characters.

</doc>
<doc id="19995090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995090" title="Fada, Nigeria">
Fada, Nigeria

Fada is a town in central Nigeria which is located northeast of Abuja. It figures as the locus of the Joyce Cary work Mister Johnson (novel).

</doc>
<doc id="19995108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995108" title="Alland (disambiguation)">
Alland (disambiguation)

Alland may refer to:
In people:
In places:

</doc>
<doc id="19995173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995173" title="Ponderosa shrub forest">
Ponderosa shrub forest

Ponderosa shrub forest is a plant association and plant community found in western North America. It is found from the Rocky Mountains to the Pacific Coast Ranges in the Western United States and Western Canada. 
In addition to the dominant species "Pinus ponderosa" - Ponderosa pine, there are other common associates within this plant association. In California they include plants such as California Buckeye ("Aesculus californica").
In the Kuchler plant association scheme the 'Ponderosa shrub forest' is denoted by the label K010.

</doc>
<doc id="19995216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995216" title="Audet">
Audet

Audet may refer to:
Verb: To pull an "audet". The ability to pocket another persons lighter while the person is having a conversation with you. Watches you do it, but is subconsciously unaware that the lighter has been put into pocket.
In people:
In places:

</doc>
<doc id="19995225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995225" title="René Létourneau">
René Létourneau

René Joseph Eugène Létourneau (17 November 1912 – 2 July 1986) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons. Born in Saint-Paul-de-Montminy, Quebec, he was a lumber merchant and merchant by career.
He first attempted to win Quebec's Stanstead riding in the 1957 federal election but lost to Louis-Édouard Roberge of the Liberal party. Létourneau defeated Roberge in the 1958 election and was re-elected to a second term in 1962. In the 1963 election, Liberal candidate Yves Forest defeated Létourneau at Stanstead. Létourneau made one final attempt to return to Parliament in the 1965 election but was again defeated by Forest.

</doc>
<doc id="19995237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995237" title="Geneva City School District">
Geneva City School District

Geneva City School District is a school district in Geneva, New York, United States. The current superintendent is Ms. Trina Smith Newton.
The district operates four schools: Geneva High School, Geneva Middle School, West Street School, and North Street School.
History.
Relatively little is known about the early history of Geneva public schools. On June 19, 1812, the New York State legislature passed an act for the establishment of Common Schools which became the basis of the common school system in the State of New York. The date of the first public school established in Geneva in compliance with this act was in 1815. Subsequently, a number of schools were established in Geneva. 
In 1853, the Geneva Union School was incorporated and authorized to maintain a classical department and to instruct a normal class. In 1863, Geneva schools were desegregated. On March 16, 1869, the Union School’s corporate title was changed to “The Geneva Classical and Union School.” It was the first Union School built in New York State.
In 1924-1925, a commodious High School building was built at the corner of Milton and Pulteney Streets in the City of Geneva. The school was erected on the grounds formerly occupied by a cemetery; the bodies from which were exhumed and removed to Glenwood Cemetery.
In 1981, the high school was moved to its present location at 101 Carter Road in the City of Geneva.
Administration.
The District offices are located at 400 West North Street in Geneva. The current Superintendent is Ms. Trina Smith Newton. Previously, the school's offices were located at 649 South Exchange Street in Geneva, but were moved before the 2010 school year.
Current Administration.
Former Superintendents.
"Previous assignment and reason for departure denoted in parentheses"
Geneva High School.
Geneva High School is located at 101 Carter Road and serves grades 9 through 12. The current principal is Mr. Gregory Baker, the current associate principal is Mrs. Tricia Budgar, and the current acting assistant principal is Mr. Nathan Schneckenberger.
History.
Geneva High School was originally based on 63 Pulteney Street in Geneva, a three-story building that was constructed in 1926. A new classroom wing was added to the building in 1965 on the southern half of the building. In 1981, following the construction of a new high school building on 101 Carter Road, the High School moved to the new location, the Pulteney Street campus served as the location of Geneva Middle School.
Former Principals.
"Previous assignment and reason for departure denoted in parentheses"
†Served as Executive Principal of Middle and High School campuses
Former Assistant Principals.
"Previous assignment and reason for departure denoted in parentheses"
Geneva Middle School.
Geneva Middle School is located at 101 Carter Road and serves grades 6 through 8. The current acting principal is Mr. Robert Smith, and the current Assistant Principal is Kevin Fairben.
History.
The Middle School began on what is now North Street School on West North Street in Geneva. In 1981, the school moved to the former high school on 63 Pulteney Street and remained there until the 2004 school year. At that time, it moved to a brand new building and campus built adjacent to the High School.
Former Principals.
"Previous assignment and reason for departure denoted in parentheses"
Selected Former Assistant Principals.
"Previous assignment and reason for departure denoted in parentheses"
North Street School.
North Street School is located at 400 West North Street and serves grades 3 through 5. The current principal is Mrs. Danielle Ouillette, and the current assistant principal is Mr. Scott Donnelly.
History.
Originally constructed as the Geneva Junior High School, The building switched to an elementary school housed Grades K through 5 for students who lived within the area close to the school. In 2008-2009, the school began to transition to a school for grades 3 through 5, switching faculty and principals.
Selected Former Principals.
"Previous assignment and reason for departure denoted in parentheses"
Selected Former Assistant Principals.
"Previous assignment and reason for departure denoted in parentheses"
West Street School.
West Street School is located at 30 West Street and serves grades K through 2. The current principal is Mrs. Nina McCarthy, and the current assistant principal is Sarah V. Cupelli.
History.
West Street school opened in 1956. The school originally housed Grades K through 6 (eventually Grades K through 5) for students who lived within the area close to the school. In 2008-2009, the school began to transition to a school for grades K through 2, switching faculty and principals.
Selected Former Principals.
"Previous assignment and reason for departure denoted in parentheses"
Selected Former Assistant Principals.
"Previous assignment and reason for departure denoted in parentheses"

</doc>
<doc id="19995263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995263" title="Keith Harper">
Keith Harper

Keith Harper was an Australian rules footballer who played for Perth in the West Australian National Football League (WANFL) during the late 1940s and 1950s. His younger brother Roy also played with the club.
WANFL.
Harper had an accomplished career at Perth, which began in the 1948 season. Used mostly as a centreman or winger, Harper won the first of his four 'Fairest and Best' awards in 1951 before winning it again in 1953, 1957 and 1959. He was appointed club captain in 1955 and led Perth to the premiership that year, their first since 1907. From 1956 to 1960 he remained captain of Perth but they didn't experience anymore premiership success.
Interstate football.
The midfielder took the field regularly for Western Australia in interstate matches and made a total of 18 appearances. His best performances came in 1954 when he won a Simpson Medal for his effort against Victoria at Subiaco and in 1956 where he was awarded All-Australian selection at the Perth Carnival.
Legacy.
In 1999 he was named as a wingman in Perth's official 'Team of the Century'. Later, in 2004, Harper was inducted into the West Australian Football Hall of Fame as one of the inaugural inductees.

</doc>
<doc id="19995266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995266" title="The Jon Spencer Blues Explosion (album)">
The Jon Spencer Blues Explosion (album)

The Jon Spencer Blues Explosion is the debut album by the New York City-based eponymous band. Few copies of the album were produced; however, some songs are featured on the album "Crypt Style", released one year after. Additionally, some songs are featured on the album "A Reverse Willie Horton", released one year earlier, and considered either a bootleg or the group's true first album, as it contains all studio tracks. All three albums are culled from separate 1991 recording sessions with Kramer and Steve Albini.

</doc>
<doc id="19995274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995274" title="Global Student Entrepreneur Awards">
Global Student Entrepreneur Awards

The Global Student Entrepreneur Awards (GSEA) is an international competition series established in 1998 which recognizes excellence among student entrepreneurs who own for-profit businesses while attending high-school or college.
The GSEA program is an Entrepreneurs’ Organization program, in partnership with Mercedes-Benz Financial. The GSEA program was originally founded by the John Cook School of Business at Saint Louis University and was taken over by Entrepreneurs' Organization (EO) in 2006. EO is a non-profit global network of more than 7,300 business owners in 42 countries. The average EO member sales is $17.3 million per year.
Award Information.
Eligibility:
<br>
The Global Student Entrepreneur Awards welcomes anyone who qualifies as the following: 
<br>
Here are the criteria for the 2010 Global Student Entrepreneur Awards:
<br>
- The student must be an undergraduate student at a recognized university or college for the 2009/2010 academic year and enrolled in school at the time of application.
- The student must be the owner, founder or controlling shareholder of their company and principally responsible for its operation.
- The student’s company must have been in business for at least the past six consecutive months, and the business must be a for-profit business.
- The student must have not been the Global Student Entrepreneur Awards winner in the past and/or were not one of the final round competitors at the Globa Finals for the 2009 Global Student Entrepreneur Awards competition.<br>
<br>
Nomination Process:
1) Nominate a student entrepreneur. (self nomination is accepted)<br>
2) Nominee receives a personal online application link via e-mail. <br>
3) Nominee submits the online application.<br>
4) Application is reviewed by a panel of Entrepreneurs' Organization Members. <br>
5) Successful applicant is scheduled to compete in a live or virtual competition.<br>
<br>
Strategic Partnerships.
GSEA has strategic alliances with the following organizations:<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19995292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995292" title="Nándor Katona">
Nándor Katona

Katona Nándor or Nathan Ferdinand Kleinberger (12 September 1864 Szepesófalu (Spišská Stará Ves), Kingdom of Hungary now Slovakia – 1 August 1932, Budapest, Hungary) was a Hungarian Jewish painter.
One of seven children of a dismally poor Jewish family he was discovered as a prodigy, brought up and instructed in painting by László Mednyánszky. He later studied in Budapest and Paris, and traveled extensively throughout Western Europe.
Most of his works depict scenes of nature from his home region, the Szepes county (Spiš) in particular views of the Tatra Mountains and the area of Késmárk (Kežmarok), which he considered his home town despite having spent much of his life in Budapest.
His works are on exhibit at the Hungarian National Gallery in Budapest, the Slovak National Gallery, the Eastern Slovak Gallery in Kassa (Košice) and the Tatra Gallery in Poprad.

</doc>
<doc id="19995305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995305" title="Azania (disambiguation)">
Azania (disambiguation)

Azania may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19995316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995316" title="Akihito Tokunaga">
Akihito Tokunaga

, born September 22, 1971 in Yokohama, Japan, is a Japanese musician as producer, composer, arranger, manipulator, vocalist, bassist and a leader of the Japanese three piece rock music band doa. He majored in the Composition Course in Tokyo College of Music and graduated in 1994, and was invited by a Japanese music production company of Being Inc. in Tokyo. Besides for his own band and solo works, he composed and/or arranged the soundtrack music for some animations and the songs for many Japanese musicians. He also deals with the lyrics and plays guitar, piano and some other instruments besides bass. He has been active based in GIZA Studio in Osaka since 2000, an affiliate of Being Inc..

</doc>
<doc id="19995323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995323" title="A. W. Kuchler">
A. W. Kuchler

Kuchler, August William (Germany-United States 1907-1999) is an American geographer and naturalist who is noted for developing a plant association system in widespread use in the USA. Some of this database has become digitized for integration into GIS mapping systems.

</doc>
<doc id="19995342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995342" title="Nancy J. Nersessian">
Nancy J. Nersessian

Nancy J. Nersessian is the "Regents' Professor and Professor of Cognitive Science" at the Georgia Institute of Technology. Her work tends to be in the areas of the philosophy of science, the history of science, and the psychology of science.

</doc>
<doc id="19995378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995378" title="Law &amp; Order (season 19)">
Law &amp; Order (season 19)

The 19th season of "Law & Order" premiered on NBC on November 5, 2008, and concluded on June 3, 2009. This was the third time in the series where there were no changes in the cast from the previous season and the last season to air on Wednesday nights at 10PM/9c, "" has claimed the slot off-and-on ("SVU" often placed at 9PM/8c to lead other programming that later gets moved or taken off schedule) from Fall 2009 to present.
The series had a decline in the ratings from being in competition with CBS's "". Certain episodes spiking when "CSI: NY" episodes were repeats (or replaced with other programming) when "Law & Order" episodes were new.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19995382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995382" title="Tegami (Haikei Jūgo no Kimi e)">
Tegami (Haikei Jūgo no Kimi e)

The song was ranked at 25 on "Billboard Japan Hot 100 Songs" chart.
The B-side "Still Fighting It" is a Japanese language cover of Ben Folds' song of the same name. Aki herself wrote the Japanese version's lyrics. Folds himself, by chance, heard Aki cover the song at the 2008 Fuji Rock Festival. He was impressed, and met with Aki. Due to this, they collaborated on the song "Black Glasses", on Aki's next album, "Answer".
Choir versions.
The song is the self-cover of the choir song Angela originally wrote by a request of NHK, the national public broadcaster, as the compulsory song in the 75th NHK National School Music Contest in 2008, Junior High School (12–15 years old) Division. Arranged by Hiroaki Takaha, the girls' and mixed demonstration choirs were broadcast in March 2008.
Cover Versions.
This song has also been sung by Taiwanese singer René Liu under the title "Strive On: To My Fifteen Year Old Self" (), Chinese singer Chen Ming () under the title "Letter" (), and Hong Kong singer Sherman Chung under the title "Letter to Myself" ().

</doc>
<doc id="19995421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995421" title="Cory Woron">
Cory Woron

Cory Woron (born 1969) is a Canadian sportscaster. He has hosted The Sports Network's flagship "SportsCentre" since 2000. He began his work for TSN on another programme called "Ford That's Golf", before joining SportsCentre. Before joining TSN, he worked at Global Winnipeg as a sports anchor. He has also worked as a sports radio reporter at CKNW in Vancouver as well as correspondent for ESPN Radio on WFAN. Woron also worked as a public address announcer for the IHL's Manitoba Moose during their 1999-2000 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19995425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995425" title="WCLT (AM)">
WCLT (AM)

WCLT (1430 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a News Talk Information format. Licensed to Newark, Ohio, USA. The station is currently owned by WCLT Radio and features programing from Fox News Radio and Westwood One.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19995454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995454" title="Rotating locomotion in living systems">
Rotating locomotion in living systems

Rotating locomotion encompasses two distinct modes of locomotion: simple rolling, and spinning relative to a fixed axle or body in the manner of a wheel or propeller. Several organisms move by rolling. However, despite the integral role that the wheel has played in locomotion of vehicles designed by humans, true wheels do not appear to play any role in the locomotion of biological systems. The reasons for this apparent lack of biological wheels have been expounded on by biologists, and wheeled creatures have appeared in numerous works of speculative fiction.
Given the apparent utility of the wheel in human technology, and the existence of biological analogues of many other human technologies (such as wings and lenses), it might seem odd that a true wheel has never evolved naturally, but this lack of biological wheels is typically explained by two main factors: first, there are several developmental and evolutionary obstacles to the evolution of a wheel by natural selection, and secondly, wheels often do not carry a competitive advantage over other means of propulsion (such as walking, running, or slithering) in the environments in which ambulatory species have evolved. (This lack of an advantage in certain environments explains why some human civilizations have eschewed wheels, despite their awareness of the technology.)
This article begins by examining known naturally occurring examples of rolling and wheel-like motion. Next, the constraints on wheeled motion imposed by evolution and by the nature of biological development are discussed, addressing the question ""Why can't a true wheel evolve?"" This is followed by a summary of the disadvantages of wheels when compared with limbed locomotion, addressing the question ""If wheels "could" evolve, why would they be unlikely to do so?"" Finally, examples of rotating locomotion in fiction and legend are presented.
Known instances of rotation in biology.
Rolling.
Some organisms use rolling as a means of locomotion. These examples do not constitute the use of a wheel, as the entire organism rotates itself, with no fixed axle.
Several species of elongate organisms will form their body into a loop in order to roll, including caterpillars, tiger beetle larvae, myriapods, mantis shrimp, and salamanders, while other species adopt more spherical postures, as in pangolins, hedgehogs, armadillos, the armadillo lizard, isopods, the wheel spider, and fossilized trilobites. These species may roll passively (under the influence of gravity or wind) or actively, typically by altering their shape to generate a propulsive force. Tumbleweeds are the above-ground portion of certain plants, which separate from their root structure and roll in the wind to distribute their seeds.
Dung beetles form spherical balls of animal excrement, which they roll with their bodies. Although it is the dung ball that rolls rather than the beetle itself, the beetles face many of the same mechanical difficulties that rolling organisms contend with.
Keratinocytes, a type of skin cell, migrate with a rolling motion during the process of wound healing.
Rotifers, though their Latin name means "wheel-bearer", do not actually possess any rotating structures, but rather a ring of rhythmically beating cilia used for feeding and propulsion.
Wheel-like rotation.
Though no known multicellular organism is able to spin part of its body freely relative to another part of its body, there are two known examples of rotating molecular structures used by living cells. ATP synthase is an enzyme used in the process of energy storage and transfer, notably in photosynthesis and oxidative phosphorylation. It bears some similarity to flagellar motors. The evolution of ATP synthase is thought to be an example of modular evolution, in which two subunits with their own functions have become associated and gained a new functionality.
The only known example of a biological "wheel"—a system capable of providing continuous propulsive torque about a fixed body—is the flagellum, a propeller-like tail used by single-celled prokaryotes for propulsion. The bacterial flagellum is the best known example. About half of all known bacteria have at least one flagellum, indicating that rotation may in fact be the most common form of locomotion in living systems.
At the base of the bacterial flagellum, where it enters the cell membrane, a motor protein acts as a rotary engine. The engine is powered by proton motive force, i.e., by the flow of protons (hydrogen ions) across the bacterial cell membrane due to a concentration gradient set up by the cell's metabolism. (In species of the genus "Vibrio", there are two kinds of flagella, lateral and polar, and some are driven by a sodium ion pump rather than a proton pump.) Flagella are quite efficient, allowing bacteria to move at speeds up to 60 cell lengths per second. The rotary motor at the base of the flagellum is similar in structure to that of ATP synthase. Spirillum bacteria have helically shaped bodies with flagella at either end, and spin about the central axis of their helical body as they move through the water.
Archaea, a group of prokaryotes distinct from bacteria, also feature flagella driven by rotary motor proteins, though they are structurally and evolutionarily distinct from bacterial flagella. Whereas bacterial flagella evolved from the bacterial Type III secretion system, archaeal flagella appear to have evolved from Type IV pili. Some eukaryotic cells, such as the protist "Euglena", also have a flagellum, but eukaryotic flagella do not rotate at the base; rather, they bend in such a way that the tip of the flagellum whips in a circle. The eukaryotic flagellum, also called a cilium or undulipodium, is structurally and evolutionarily distinct from prokaryotic flagella.
Biological barriers to wheeled organisms.
Evolutionary constraints.
The processes of evolution, as they are presently understood, can help explain why wheeled locomotion has not evolved in multicellular organisms; simply put, a complex structure or system will not evolve if its incomplete form provides no benefit to an organism.
According to the modern evolutionary synthesis, adaptations are produced incrementally through natural selection, so major genetic changes will usually spread within populations only if they do not decrease the fitness of individuals. Although neutral changes that provide no benefit can spread through genetic drift, and detrimental changes can spread under some circumstances, large changes that require multiple steps will occur only if the intermediate stages increase fitness. Richard Dawkins describes this situation as follows: "The wheel may be one of those cases where the engineering solution can be seen in plain view, yet be unattainable in evolution because it lies the other side of a deep valley, cutting unbridgeably across the massif of Mount Improbable." In such a fitness landscape, wheels might be a highly beneficial "peak", but the valley around such a peak is too low or wide for the gene pool to move across by genetic drift or natural selection. Stephen Gould notes that biological adaptation is limited to working with available components, saying "wheels work well, but animals are debarred from building them by structural constraints inherited as an evolutionary legacy."
Natural selection therefore explains why wheels have not appeared, as a wheel missing one or more of its key components would probably not impart an advantage to an organism. The same cannot, however, be said of the flagellum, the only known example of a freely rotating propulsive system in biology. In the evolution of flagella, individual components were recruited from other structures, where they performed tasks unrelated to propulsion. The basal body that is now the rotary motor might have evolved from a structure used by the bacterium to inject toxins into other cells. This recruitment of previously evolved structures to serve new functions is called "exaptation".
Molecular biologist Robin Holliday has written that the apparent lack of biological wheels argues against creationist or intelligent design accounts of the diversity of life—for, free of the limitations imposed by evolution, an intelligent creator would be expected to deploy wheels wherever they would be of use.
Developmental and anatomical constraints.
Using human manufacturing processes, wheeled systems of varying complexity have proven fairly simple to construct, and issues of power transmission and friction have proven tractable. It is not clear, however, that the vastly different processes of embryonic development are suited to—or even capable of—producing a functioning wheel, for reasons outlined below.
The greatest anatomical impediment to wheeled multicellular organisms is the interface between the static and rotating components of the wheel. In either a passive or driven case, the wheel, or wheel and axle, must be able to rotate freely relative to the rest of the machine or organism. Unlike animal joints, which have a limited range of motion, a wheel must be able to rotate through an arbitrary angle without ever having to be "unwound". As such, a wheel cannot be permanently attached to the axle or shaft about which it rotates (or if the axle and wheel are fixed together, the axle cannot be affixed to the rest of the machine or organism). No true multicellular organism is known to grow tissue or organ structures that are not attached in some way to the rest of the organism.
Power transmission to driven wheels.
In the case of a driven wheel, some type of torque must be applied to the axle to generate the locomotive force. For human-made technology, this torque is generally provided by an engine, which may be electric, turbine-driven, combustion-driven, pneumatic, hydraulic, etc. (Torque may also be provided by human power, as in the case of a bicycle.) In animals, motion is typically achieved by the use of skeletal muscles, which derive their energy from the metabolism of nutrients from food. Because these muscles are attached with connective tissue to both of the components which must move relative to each other, they would not be an effective means of directly driving a biological wheel. In addition, animals suffer degraded energy efficiency because their propulsive cycles employ only periodic accelerations (repeated flexion and extension of joints). Large animals cannot produce high rates of acceleration, because as animal size increases, it becomes more difficult for muscles to quickly generate high enough stress to overcome relative inertia.
Friction.
In typical mechanical systems, some sort of bearing and/or lubricant must be used to reduce friction at the interface between two components. Reducing friction is vital for minimizing wear on components, and preventing overheating. As the relative speed of the components increases, and as the force of contact between the components increases, the importance of friction mitigation increases as well. In biological joints such as the human knee, friction is reduced by means of cartilage with a very low friction coefficient, as well as lubricating synovial fluid, which has very low viscosity. Gerhard Scholtz, professor at the ("Institute for Biology and Comparative Zoology") at Humboldt University of Berlin, asserts that a similar excreted lubricant or dead cellular material could allow a biological wheel to rotate freely, though such a mechanism has not been found in nature.
Nutrient and waste transfer.
Another potential problem that arises at the interface between wheel and axle is the ability of an organism to transfer materials across this interface. If the tissues that make up a wheel are living, they will need to be supplied with oxygen and nutrients and have wastes removed in order to sustain metabolism. A typical animal circulatory system, composed of blood vessels, would not be able to provide transportation across the interface. In the absence of circulation, oxygen and nutrients would need to diffuse across the interface, a process that would be greatly limited by the available partial pressure and surface area, in accordance with Fick's law of diffusion. For large multicellular animals, diffusion would be insufficient. Alternately, a wheel could be composed of excreted, nonliving material, such as keratin, of which hair and nails are composed.
Disadvantages of wheels.
Wheels incur mechanical and other disadvantages in certain environments and situations, which would represent a decreased fitness when compared with limbed locomotion. These disadvantages suggest that, even barring the biological constraints discussed above, the absence of wheels in multicellular life may not, in fact, be the "missed opportunity" of biology that it first seems. On the contrary, given the mechanical disadvantages and restricted usefulness of wheels compared with limbs, the central question can be reversed: not ""Why doesn't nature produce wheels?"", but rather, ""Why don't human vehicles make more use of limbs?"" The use of wheels, rather than limbs, in many engineered vehicles can likely be attributed to the complexity of design required to construct and control limbs, rather than to a consistent functional advantage of wheels over limbs.
Efficiency.
Rolling resistance.
Though stiff wheels are more energy efficient than other means of locomotion when traveling over hard, level terrain (such as paved roads), wheels are not especially efficient on soft terrain such as soils, because they are vulnerable to rolling resistance. In rolling resistance, a vehicle loses energy to the deformation of its wheels and the surface on which they are rolling. Smaller wheels are especially susceptible to rolling resistance. Softer surfaces deform more and recover less than firm surfaces, resulting in greater resistance. Compared with rolling on concrete, resistance on medium-hard soil can be five to eight times greater, and on sand can be ten to fifteen times greater. While wheels must deform the surface along their entire path, limbs only induce a small, localized deformation at the point of foot contact.
Rolling resistance is also the reason wheels are not seen in certain human civilizations. During the Roman Empire, wheeled chariots were common in the Middle East and North Africa; yet when the Empire collapsed, wheels fell out of favor with the local populations, who turned to camels to transport goods in the sandy desert climate. Stephen Jay Gould discusses this curiosity of history in his book "Hen's Teeth and Horse's Toes", asserting that in the absence of maintained roads, camels required less manpower and water than a cart pulled by oxen.
Efficiency of aquatic locomotion.
In aquatic locomotion, rotating systems carry an efficiency advantage only at extremely low Reynolds numbers (viscosity-dominated flows), such as those experienced by bacterial flagella, whereas oscillating systems have the advantage at higher (inertia-dominated) Reynolds numbers. Whereas ship propellers typically have efficiencies around 60%, and aircraft propellers up to around 80% (achieving 88% in the human-powered "Gossamer Condor"), much higher efficiencies, in the range of 96%–98%, can be achieved with an oscillating flexible foil, like a fish tail or bird wing.
Traction.
Wheels are prone to slipping—an inability to generate traction—on loose or slippery terrain. Slipping wastes energy, and can potentially lead to a loss of control or becoming stuck, as with an automobile on mud, ice, or snow. This disadvantage of wheels is apparent in the realm of human technology; in an example of biologically inspired engineering, legged vehicles find use in the logging industry, where they allow access to more challenging terrain than wheeled vehicles can navigate. Tracked vehicles suffer less from slipping than wheeled vehicles, due to their larger contact area with the ground—but they tend to have larger turning radii than wheeled vehicles, and are less efficient and more mechanically complex.
Obstacle navigation.
Work by engineer Mieczysław G. Bekker implies that the distribution of irregularities in natural terrains is log-normal; i.e., small obstacles are far more common than larger ones. Thus, obstacle navigation presents a challenge to wheeled locomotion in natural terrains at all size scales. The primary means of obstacle navigation are to go around obstacles, and to go over them.
Going around obstacles.
Standard methods of steering, which do not provide individual wheel articulation, are limited in their achievable turning radius, thus limiting the ability of such vehicles to navigate an environment with a high obstacle frequency.
Michael LaBarbera illustrates the poor maneuverability of wheels by comparing the turning radii of walking and wheelchair-bound humans. As Jared Diamond points out, most biological examples of rolling are found in wide open, hard-packed terrain, including the use of rolling by dung beetles and tumbleweeds.
Going over obstacles.
Wheels are poor at dealing with vertical obstacles, especially obstacles on the same scale as the wheel itself. Assuming a vehicle or animal can shift its center of mass, the limiting height of vertical obstacles for a passive wheel is equal to the radius of the wheel. If the center of mass cannot be shifted, the highest obstacle a vehicle can surmount is one quarter to one half the radius of the wheel. Because of these limitations, wheels intended for rough terrain require a larger diameter.
In addition, without articulation, a wheeled vehicle can become stuck on top of an obstacle, with the obstacle between the wheels, preventing them from contacting the ground. Limbs, in contrast, are useful for climbing, and equipped to deal with uneven terrain.
For unarticulated wheels, climbing obstacles will cause the body of the vehicle to tilt. If the vehicle's center of mass moves outside of the wheelbase or axle track, the vehicle will become statically unstable and tip over. At high speeds, a vehicle can become dynamically unstable, meaning that it can be tipped over by an obstacle smaller than its static stability limit, or by excessive acceleration or tight turning. Without articulation, this can be an impossible position from which to recover.
Versatility.
Articulated limbs used by animals for locomotion over terrain are frequently also used for other purposes, such as grasping, climbing, branch-swinging, swimming, digging, jumping, and kicking. With a lack of articulation, wheels would not be as useful as limbs in these roles.
Rolling and wheeled creatures in fiction and legend.
Rolling creatures.
The hoop snake is a creature of legend in the United States and Australia. The snake is said to grasp its tail in its mouth and roll like a wheel towards its prey. The Japanese Tsuchinoko is a similar mythical creature.
The 1944 science fiction short story "Arena", by Fredric Brown, features a telepathic alien called an "Outsider", which is roughly spherical and moves by rolling. The story was the basis for a 1967 "" episode of the same name, and possibly also a 1964 episode of "The Outer Limits" entitled "Fun and Games", although neither television treatment included a spherical creature.
The Dutch graphic artist M. C. Escher invented a creature that he named "Pedalternorotandomovens centroculatus articulosus", which was capable of rolling itself forward like a wheel. He illustrated this creature in his 1951 lithograph (also known by the English title "Curl-up").
A 1956 Scrooge McDuck comic by Carl Barks, "Land Beneath the Ground!, "introduced "Terries" and "Fermies", creatures who move from place to place by rolling like a bowling ball. The Terries and Fermies have made a sport of their rolling abilities, causing earthquakes in the process.
"Tuf Voyaging", a science fiction novel by George R. R. Martin, first published in 1986, features an alien species called the "Rolleram", which kills its prey by rolling over it.
In the "Sonic the Hedgehog" video game series, which first appeared in 1991, the eponymous Sonic and his sidekick Tails move by rolling.
The 1995 short story "Microbe", by Kenyon College biologist and feminist science fiction writer Joan Slonczewski, describes an exploratory expedition to an alien world, whose plant and animal life consists entirely of doughnut-shaped organisms.
Wheeled creatures.
L. Frank Baum's 1907 children's book "Ozma of Oz" features humanoid creatures with wheels instead of hands and feet, called "Wheelers".
The 1968 novel "The Goblin Reservation" by Clifford D. Simak features an intelligent alien race that uses biological wheels.
Piers Anthony's 1977 book "Cluster" and its sequels feature members of an alien species called Polarians, which locomote by gripping and balancing atop a large ball. The ball is a living, though temporarily separable, portion of the Polarian's body.
David Brin's "Uplift" Universe includes a wheeled species called the G'Kek, which are described in some detail in the 1995 novel "Brightness Reef". In 1996's "Infinity's Shore", the G'Kek are described as looking like "a squid in a wheelchair." They suffer from arthritic axles in their old age, particularly when living in a high gravity environment.
A 1997 novel in the Animorphs series, "The Andalite Chronicles", includes a species called Mortrons, composed of two separate entities: a yellow and black bottom half with four wheels, and a red, elongated head with razor-sharp teeth and concealed wings.
The 2000 novel "The Amber Spyglass", by English author Philip Pullman, features an alien race known as the Mulefa, which have diamond-shaped bodies with one leg at the front and back and one on each side. The Mulefa use large, disc-shaped seed pods as wheels. They mount the pods on bone axles on their front and back legs, while propelling themselves with their side legs. The Mulefa have a symbiotic relationship with the seed pod trees, which depend on the rolling action to crack open the pods and allow the seeds to disperse.
In the 2000 novel "Wheelers", by English mathematician Ian Stewart and reproductive biologist Jack Cohen, an alien species called "blimps" has developed the ability to biologically produce machines called "wheelers", which use wheels for locomotion.
The Disney children's television series Jungle Junction, which premiered in 2009, features hybrid jungle animals with wheels rather than legs; one such animal, "Ellyvan", is a hybrid of an elephant and a van. These animals traverse their habitat on elevated highways.

</doc>
<doc id="19995462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995462" title="Fred Robbins (broadcaster)">
Fred Robbins (broadcaster)

Fred Robbins (September 28, 1919 - June 23, 1992) was a popular American radio personality who went on to become a television host and celebrity interviewer.
Background.
Robbins was born in Baltimore, Maryland and was a graduate of the Baltimore City College and the University of Baltimore Law School.
Fred Robbins, an American disc jockey and T.V. show host, was born Fred Rubin. Robbins attended Baltimore City College and then graduated from the University of Baltimore in 1938. While at University of Baltimore, Robbins was the Features and Radio Editor of The Baloo (the Official Campus News Weekly) and he was also a member of the Tennis Team and Dramatic Club.
Career.
He began a career in broadcasting, at a Baltimore station. Robbins later became the disc jockey of the "Robbins Nest" radio show on WINS, WABC and WNEW in New York, and the host of television variety and quiz shows there. He was briefly the host of "The Talent Shop" and "Cavalcade of Bands" for the DuMont TV network. From 1953 through 1956, he was the announcer/host, and Coca-Cola's spokesman, on "Coke Time with Eddie Fisher" on NBC.
Robbins did interview programs for many radio networks and filmed nearly 100 behind-the-scenes features on movie making (through his "Robbins Nest" production unit), which were broadcast for nearly a decade on "CBS Movie Nights". Robbins starred or played himself in more than two dozen television shows or movies from the 1940s through the 1980s. He was also a feature interviewer for CNN's "Showbiz Tonight" and wrote profiles of celebrities for many magazines.
Robbins started his career at Baltimore radio stations before moving to New York City where his career flourished. In 1948, "New York Times" writer Carter Harman wrote about jazz and “bop” music and credited Robbins for doing “much for bop.” Robbins career continued to expand and he eventually began interviewing celebrities. On October 29, 1966, Robbins interviewed Beatles member John Lennon on the set of the movie "How I Won the War" in Carboneras, Spain.
He was immortalised by two jazz compositions, one by Billy Strayhorn called "Snibor", his name spelt backwards. This was first recorded by the Duke Ellington Orchestra in 1947 and subsequently in 1967. The other composition was called "Robbins Nest" by Sir Charles Thompson and recorded by many artists'. It became a jazz standard.
Robbins died of lymphoma on June 23, 1992 at the Lenox Hill Hospital in Manhattan. He was 73 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="19995465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995465" title="Bemrose">
Bemrose

Bemrose may refer to:
In people:
In other uses:

</doc>
<doc id="19995466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995466" title="MindTouch">
MindTouch

MindTouch is a commercial, cloud-delivered web platform for knowledge collaboration and multi-channel delivery of customer support documentation. It is produced by MindTouch, Inc., an American company based in San Diego, California.
MindTouch is based on MindTouch Core, an open source application created by MindTouch, Inc. and first released in 2006, that was originally known as "DekiWiki" and then "Deki". In 2013, MindTouch, Inc. abandoned MindTouch Core, making all future development closed source.
MindTouch 4.
MindTouch 4 is the current major version of the software service. MindTouch 4 powers customer support websites that provide customers with content, such as articles and videos, to learn more about an enterprise's products and resolve issues they may be having with them. The software also attempts to dissuade customers from filing support tickets by guiding customers to the most relevant content on the site. MindTouch is considered a "multi-channel" platform, since content can not only be consumed on MindTouch powered websites, but also in other sites and services via a RESTful API and embedded contextual help system.
CRM integration.
Integration partnerships with CRM vendors such as SAP and Salesforce provide support agents the ability to use MindTouch content in their customer support workflows.
Release cycle.
MindTouch's cloud infrastructure delivers a new minor release of MindTouch 4 every week with no visible downtime to site visitors.
MindTouch Core.
Formerly known as MindTouch Deki and MindTouch DekiWiki, MindTouch Core was an open-source enterprise web-based wiki software and mashup platform. On April 9, 2013 Mindtouch Inc. announced that they no longer supported their open source offering MindTouch Core. The last open-source releases of MindTouch Core are still available on SourceForge.
MindTouch Core consists of back-end and several front-ends providing different functionality. The back-end is written in C# and can be deployed on the Mono platform, or on the .NET framework. The web front-end interacts with the back-end via a REST API. Each wiki page is automatically exposed as an XML Web Service, which can be operated on using standard HTTP verbs.
Wiki front-end.
The main functionality of MindTouch Core is accessed with a PHP frontend, which provides a wiki with a WYSIWYG editor.
All information in MindTouch Core pages is stored as XML, rather than wikitext. Pages are edited using a GUI editor, and can be manipulated as an XML web service. The frontend supports embedding rich media and has a built-in image gallery.
The software supports authentication with Apache or IIS modules. Permissions can be applied to individual pages or page hierarchies.
Other front-ends.
Other front-ends ("connectors") to the API allow users to export parts of their workflow to the wiki. The Desktop connector allows drag and drop export of the users' files; Microsoft Outlook connector allows publishing of messages, attachements or entire mail threads from Microsoft Outlook.
An open-source iPhone interface named DekiMobile was released in November 2008.
Mashups.
MindTouch Core can make use of multiple connectors to perform mashups. MindTouch Core ships with extensions allowing connection to numerous online services, including systems such as Google Maps, Windows Live, Flickr and Yahoo. A now unsupported commercial license enabled features such as connectors to SugarCRM, Salesforce, LinkedIn, MySQL, Microsoft SQL Server and Microsoft Access.
Multi-language.
Multi-language support (named "polyglot") allows switching interface and content languages on per page, per section and per user basis. In multilingual wikis the engine prioritizes search results by the user’s default language. MindTouch cite the 8.05 release of Deki as the first polyglot application on the web.
Availability.
The open source version "MindTouch Core" is distributed by SourceForge under the terms of the GNU General Public License (with some parts under GNU Lesser General Public License and Apache License).
DekiScript.
Both MindTouch 4 and MindTouch Core include a complete scripting language, called DekiScript. DekiScript, a light-weight, interpreted programming language, allows users to add dynamic content to MindTouch pages. Both MindTouch 4 and MindTouch Core allow it to be embedded directly into web pages. MindTouch Core allows it to be extended through the use of XML extensions.
Examples.
Examples of MindTouch help sites include Blackboard, Wind River, PayPal, Autodesk, SuccessFactors, ExactTarget, HTC, Palm and Intuit sites.
Development history.
MindTouch was forked from MediaWiki in 2005; the first release (under the name DekiWiki) occurred in July 2006, featuring XHTML in place of wikitext, a WYSIWYG editor and Lucene-based search. Consequently the backend was completely reimplemented in C#, resulting in an API built as web services on top of the new "DReAM" ("Distributed REST Application Manager") server and toolset.
MindTouch 4 was forked, internally within MindTouch, Inc., from the open-source MindTouch Core source code base in early 2010. In addition to some legacy PHP and C# components of MindTouch Core, MindTouch 4's software and infrastructure includes technologies such as NodeJS, Apache Cassandra, ElasticSearch, F#, Amazon SQS, HAProxy, and Puppet.

</doc>
<doc id="19995468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995468" title="WCLT-FM">
WCLT-FM

WCLT-FM (100.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Country music format. Its brand identifier is "Today's Country and Your All-Time Favorites, T-100". Licensed to Newark, Ohio, USA, the station serves the Columbus area. The station is currently owned by Wclt Radio and features programing from Fox News Radio and Westwood One. The station is also broadcast on HD radio.
WCLT-FM is one of three Country formatted radio outlets in Columbus who currently has competition with WHOK-FM and WCOL-FM for Country music listenership in the Columbus radio market, the most of any radio station in Ohio. 

</doc>
<doc id="19995487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995487" title="Janek Gwizdala">
Janek Gwizdala

Janek Gwizdala (born November 19, 1978) is an English jazz bassist and record producer born in London.
Biography.
Janek's beginnings in music started at age 11 with classical guitar lessons at the Merton Music Foundation from the Late Peter Woodings, as well as study in classical music through brass ensembles and orchestral percussion, drum set lessons with now Buzzcocks drummer Danny Farrant, and participation in just about every style and genre of ensemble that was offered by the MMF. Through these early years Janek's main interest was in drums, and it was the lure of one of his favorite drummers (Ian Thomas) that convinced him to attend a local jazz gig at the Gun Tavern in Croydon with a friend. The band leader - Laurence Cottle. The next day a bass was purchased and Janek followed Laurence around London and the UK learning everything he could. A job at Ronnie Scott's Jazz Club in London as assistant sound engineer led to meeting Brazilian Jazz super stars Airto Moreira and Flora Purim. After an invitation to sit in with them in London in 1998, it was on Flora's advice that Janek move to the US and attend Berklee College of Music. 
While studying at Berklee Janek joined the band of Kenwood Dennard and was afforded the opportunity to work with musicians like Pete Levin, and Hiram Bullock. Before leaving Berklee and Boston, Janek would meet several people that would become lifelong musical collaborators including Bob Reynolds, Tim Miller, and Hal Crook.
After just three semesters at Berklee Janek made the move to New York City to pursue his career. Working day and night on his playing, and managing to land several high profile gigs, the next 8 years would include tours, record dates, production, Musical Direction and performances with Jive Jones, Adam Freeland, Mike Philips, Jem, Delta Goodrem, Wayman Tisdale, Wayne Krantz, Mike Stern, Randy Brecker, Paul Shafer, VV Brown, Pat Metheny, Ronny Jordan, Marcus Miller, Dapp Theory, James Valentine, Jojo Mayer, Jeff Lorber, and many more.
Recordings as a leader.
Mystery to Me, released in 2004, was recorded at Manhattan Center Studios in front of a live audience in one take. It features Mark Turner, Jojo Mayer, Elliot Mason, Tim Miller, Gretchen Parlato, Gregoire Maret, and John Ellis.
Live at the 55bar was recorded live over two nights in Nov 2007, and released February 7, 2008. It features Oli Rockberger, Elliot Mason, Brad Mason, Justin Vasquez, Tobias Ralph, and Tim Miller.
The Space In Between, Janek's third album as a leader, was released on October 26, 2010. The album features Jojo Mayer, Tim Miller, Mike Stern, James Valentine of Maroon 5, Airto Moreira, Bob Reynolds, Doug Wamble and Audun Waage.
Equipment.
Janek plays Aguilar Amplifiers and Speaker Cabinets D'Addario Strings and Fodera basses.

</doc>
<doc id="19995489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995489" title="Sriburapha Award">
Sriburapha Award

The Sriburapha Award is a Thai award, established in 1988 in honor of Kulap Saipradit, whose pen name was Sriburapha (). The award recognizes excellence in journalism, writing, and/or the arts. It is presented annually by the Sriburapha Fund at an awards ceremony on May 5, National Writer's Day in Thailand.
Recipients.
† Also a Thailand National Artist

</doc>
<doc id="19995492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995492" title="Hinckaert knot">
Hinckaert knot

The Hinckaert knot, a type of decorative unknot, is a heraldic knot used primarily in Dutch heraldry. It is most notable for its appearance on the Hinckaert family heraldic badge, where a semi-angular form is used as canting arms, a common practice with heraldic badges.
The name "Hinckaert" is delineated as a derivation of "hincken", "to limp", in the badge. Hence the center crutch, and the buckle on the knot, implying that it is a strap used to attach the crutch to the leg. The dexter "P" and sinister "G" are traditionally translated as standing for Philip (Hinckaert), with whom the knot originated, and his wife, née Gasparine.

</doc>
<doc id="19995493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995493" title="North Florida Council">
North Florida Council

The North Florida Council encompasses the 17 counties of northeast Florida. Through almost 7,000 volunteers the council serves over 57,000 youth in over 850 units. The North Florida Council owns, maintains and operates two camps: Camp Echockotee
on Doctors Lake in Orange Park, and Camp Shands near Hawthorne.
Organization.
The Council is divided into eleven districts, with each district serving a distinct demographic or geographical area:
Camps.
There are two camps in the North Florida Council.
St Johns River Base at Echockotee.
St Johns River Base offers many great opportunities for units to come and camp on the shore of Doctor's Lake. Founded in the early 1920s St Johns River Base has 8 large campsites plus many pavilions and program areas to fit your Scouting Adventure.
All Scouting Packs, Troops, Teams, Crews, and Posts are encouraged to come and hike the wilds of Echockotee, fish the shore of Doctor's Lake, and build memories for years to come. To make camping arrangements contact Carrie Kurtz, North Florida Council Camping Administrator at (904) 388-0591 ext. 144.
Camp is open from September to April, and is closed May through the 1st weekend after Labor Day for Aquatics Camp Operations and Clean Up.
Camp Shands.
Camp Shands is near Hawthorne, Florida. Camp Shands, located on of diverse Florida terrain. There are 8 focused program areas for every Scout, regardless of their tenure. The Green Bar Bill program is for first year campers. 
To make camping arrangements contact Carrie Kurtz, North Florida Council Camping Administrator at (904) 388-0591 ext. 144.
Echockotee Lodge.
Echockotee Lodge, a chartered Lodge of the National Order of the Arrow, was founded in 1941, with an initial Ordeal held at Camp Echockotee on May 9th of that year. The first Ordeal class of 36 candidates was made up of youth and adults selected by a council committee, for their prior service to Scouting and the Summer Camp program. The initial totem of the fledgling Lodge was the alligator, but in an organizational meetings that summer, the totem was changed to that of the left-handed handclasp, and the name of the camp was adopted as the Lodge name ("Echockotee" is a Seminole word meaning "we are brothers"). For many years the Lodge was active with Summer Camp activities, holding meetings at the end of camp or occasionally at the Seminole Hotel in Jacksonville during the year. Echockotee hosted the first state-wide gathering of lodges, called Area Meetings in 1945, 1946 and 1947 (among the first such gatherings in the country). Not until the mid-1950s did regularly scheduled lodge weekends take place away from Summer Camp, as Echockotee does today.
The Lodge undertook a major portion of the maintenance of Camp Echockotee at Fellowships and Service Days, and did the same when the North Florida Council developed Camp Shands as a new summer camp in 1967. Since then, the Lodge has held all of its fellowship weekends at Shands. Besides the work done to make Shands the facility it is today, the Lodge worked hard to dominate many of the inter-lodge competitions held at the Area Conferences, building healthy rivalries and traditions that continue to this day. The development of the Dance Team started in the late 1950s and many members have won awards in the Area (now Section) and National level in this field of competition.
In 1970s, Echockotee built on its legacy of service with additional fixtures at Camp Shands, building the obstacle course and council ring for Section Conferences hosted by the Lodge in 1978 and 1983. Other facilities at Shands that bear the Stamp of Echockotee involvement are the rifle range, ecology and handicraft buildings, the dining hall and the waterfront shelter. In 2006, 2007 and 2008, the lodge received the National Service Award, which is presented to only 8 lodges in the Order each year for the outstanding quantity and quality of their contributions.
In addition several Echockotee members have been recognized by the National Order of the Arrow Committee for their outstanding service on a Section, Region or National level with the Distinguished Service Award[http://www.oa-bsa.org/misc/anr/dsa.htm]. Those individuals are Kevin Holloway (1977), Jack Butler (1986), Kelly Roberts (1988), Todd Leonard (1994), Greg Hazelhurst (1996), Todd Turner (1998), David Strebler (2000), Courtney Allen (2004), Seth Mollitt (2006), and Ed Tudor (2009).

</doc>
<doc id="19995514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995514" title="Bhabra (disambiguation)">
Bhabra (disambiguation)

Bhabra may refer to:
In people
In places

</doc>
<doc id="19995550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995550" title="Angela Mansfield">
Angela Mansfield

Angela Mansfield is an American politician from Indianapolis, Indiana. She was re-elected as an Indianapolis City-County Council member from the 2nd District on November 6, 2007, winning over 52% of the vote. Her district is located on far northern side of Marion County and covers part of Pike Township.
In 2006 Mansfield demonstrated that she opposes discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity in employment, housing and public accommodations by voting with the majority of the council to approve the city's human rights ordinance. 
Mansfield is a native of Wolcott, Indiana and has lived in Indianapolis since 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="19995551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995551" title="WHTH">
WHTH

WHTH (790 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Talk Radio format. Licensed to Heath, Ohio, USA. The station is locally owned and operated by the Runnymede Corporation and features programming from CNN Radio.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19995557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995557" title="Emmanuel Rhoides">
Emmanuel Rhoides

Emmanuel Rhoides (; 28 June 1836 – 7 January 1904) was a Greek writer and journalist. He is considered one of the most illustrious and reviving spirits of the Greek letters of his time.
Born in Hermoupolis, the capital of the island of Syros, to a family of rich aristocrats
from Chios — who had fled the island after the massacre of its population by the Ottomans in 1822 — he spent much of his youth abroad. Rhoides was erudite and at a young age had mastered not only the languages of continental Europe, but also ancient Greek and Latin. 
His early youth years he spent in Genoa, Italy in the times of the Revolutions of 1848 in the Italian states and the Sack of Genoa. He studied history, literature and philosophy in Berlin, and later in Iași, Romania where his merchant father had transferred the centre of his business activities. 
Obeying a parental wish, he moved to Athens, where he printed the translation of Chateaubriand's "Itinéraires". In 1860, after a brief sojourn in Egypt, he decided to live and stay permanently in Athens. 
Later in his life, he would become very poor, especially with the bankruptcy of the family business, and the subsequent suicide of his beloved brother Nicholas. He eked out his last years by working as a curator for the National Library of Greece. But, even from this position he was dismissed in 1902, when he got into a political dispute with the government. 
Rhoides suffered all through his life from a serious hearing problem, which eventually impaired his sense to near deafness. 
In 1866 Rhoides published a controversial novel, "The Papess Joanne" ( "Ἡ Πάπισσα Ἰωάννα"), an exploration of the legend of Pope Joan, a supposed female pope who reigned some time in the ninth or tenth century (which was in fact a time of great turmoil for the papacy). Though a romantic novel with satirical overtones, Rhoides asserted it contained conclusive evidence that Pope Joan truly existed and that the Catholic Church had been attempting to cover up the fact for centuries. 
The book's scathing attacks on an uneducated, uncultured, superstitious and hopelessly backward clergy were controversial, and led to Rhoides's excommunication from the Greek Orthodox Church which perceived that its own clergy was the real target of those attacks.
Rhoides often adopted a clear-cut critical stance against the romanticism in literature and poetry and often was poignant and sarcastic to the romance writers and poets of his time. Rhoides, amongst his numerous translations, became the first to translate the works of Edgar Allan Poe into Greek. He wrote frequently in many newspapers and magazines, and published his own satirical newspaper called "Asmodeus".

</doc>
<doc id="19995562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995562" title="Meagan Miller">
Meagan Miller

Meagan Miller is an American soprano with an active international career in opera, recital and concert.
Early life.
Miller was born in Wilmington, Delaware and grew up in West Chester, Ohio and Chadds Ford, Pennsylvania. She attended high school at Archmere Academy and was selected for the 1991 Pennsylvania Governor's School for the Arts. Miller then studied at Washington and Lee University for two years, where she performed her first operatic role, the Countess in Mozart's the "The Marriage of Figaro", and also gave her first solo recital. She transferred to the Juilliard School in New York City, where she received her bachelor's degree, then continued her studies with the Juilliard Opera Center. Her major teachers during her education were Mary Ellen Schauber, Dan Pressley, Josepha Gayer, and Cynthia Hoffmann. In later years she also studied with Ruth Falcon and Kammersängerin Hilde Zadek.
Career.
As a winner of the Joy In Singing Award, Miller made her New York City recital debut in the autumn of 1998. The program included songs by Barber, Montsalvatge, Debussy, Griffes and Wolf, and was reviewed in The New York Times by Paul Griffiths. She was also one of five winners of the Metropolitan Opera National Council Auditions in 1999, where she performed "Martern aller Arten" from "Die Entführung aus dem Serail" and "Ain't it a Pretty Night?" from Carlisle Floyd's "Susannah" with the orchestra conducted by Edoardo Muller, in a performance that "The New York Times" described as proving "her agility, thrust and command of intonation', with a voice that is "strong and brilliant". She subsequently appeared with the Opera Orchestra of New York, New York City Opera, Opera Theatre of Saint Louis, the Minnesota Opera, the Minnesota Orchestra, Opéra de Montréal, Orlando Opera, Kentucky Opera, Syracuse Opera, Eugene Opera, San Francisco Opera's Merola Program, and Wolf Trap Opera in a variety of leading soprano roles including Mozart's Fiordiligi ("Così fan tutte"), Donna Anna and Donna Elvira ("Don Giovanni"), Konstanze ("Die Entführung aus dem Serail"), Countess Almaviva ("The Marriage of Figaro"), Violetta ("La Traviata"), Desdemona ("Otello"), Musetta ("La bohème"), Marguerite ("Faust"), Rosalinda ("Die Fledermaus"), Euridice ("Orfeo ed Euridice"), Laurie ("The Tender Land"), and the title role in "Susannah". 
She completed several residencies with the Marilyn Horne Foundation, the Steans Institute at the Ravinia Festival and the Wolf Trap Foundation, which combined performing and outreach, and in 2008 won both the George London/Kirsten Flagstad Award sponsored by the New York Community Trust and the George London Foundation Vienna Prize. In June 2009, Miller made her European operatic debut as Ariadne in the Vienna Volksoper's new production of Richard Strauss' "Ariadne auf Naxos". Her Vienna debut led to further performances at important European opera houses, such as the State Operas of Vienna, Munich and Hamburg, of roles in the late-Romantic German repertoire, primarily Wagner and Strauss, as well as the heavier Puccini roles such as Minnie in "La fanciulla del West". Miller will make her Metropolitan Opera debut as the Kaiserin in Richard Strauss' "Die Frau ohne Schatten" in November 2013.
Miller has appeared in many art song recitals and frequently includes music by contemporary composers. She has premiered several works written specifically for her voice, including Libby Larsen's " "and" Robert Beaser's Four Dickinson Songs. "She has also premiered numerous other works, including pieces by Thomas Cipullo, Christopher Berg, and Russell Platt. At her 2002 recital at Merkin Concert Hall, she performed a group of Richard Strauss songs that opened with "Das Rosenband" (Op. 36, No. 1), and also included "Meinem Kinde" (Op. 37, No. 3) and "Ständchen" (Op. 17, No. 2) as well as Poulenc's" "Trois Poèmes de Louise de Vilmorin" and "Métamorphoses", Debussy's early "Proses Lyriques", and Beaser's "Four Dickinson Songs". The "New York Times" review described Miller as "an agreeably flexible interpreter" with "considerable communicative powers" who sang "with a combination of gracefulness and energy that got to the core of the music she offered". As a soloist in works for voice and orchestra, she has sung in Beethoven's Mass in C major, "Missa Solemnis", and Symphony No. 9; Handel's "Messiah"; Haydn's "The Creation"; Brahms' "Ein Deutsches Requiem"; Mozart's "Requiem" and "Exsultate, jubilate"; Bruckner's Mass in F minor; Poulenc's "Gloria"; Dvořák's "Requiem", Vaughan Williams' "Dona nobis pacem"; and Orff's "Carmina Burana".
Miller can be heard in commercial recordings of Richard Strauss' "Die Liebe der Danae" and Bruckner's Mass in F minor (both with the American Symphony Orchestra under Leon Botstein), Beethoven's Symphony No. 9, and The Marilyn Horne Foundation Presents On Wings Of Song(1999-2000 Season).

</doc>
<doc id="19995567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995567" title="WHVT">
WHVT

WHVT (90.5 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Christian radio format. Licensed to Clyde, Ohio, USA. The station is currently owned by Clyde Educational Broadcasting Foundation.
WHVT is also heard in Findlay, Ohio through a translator on 94.1 FM.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19995589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995589" title="Israeli American">
Israeli American

Israeli Americans () are Americans of Israeli descent or who hold Israeli citizenship.
History.
Israelis began migrating to the United States shortly after the founding of the state of Israel in 1948. Thus, during the 1950s and early 1960s, began the first wave of Israeli immigration to the United States when more than 300,000 Israelis emigrated to that country. A second wave of immigration began in the 1970s and has continued ever since. The number of Israeli immigrants in the United States is not known with certainty, and the actual number of Israeli immigrants in the US is an issue that has been hotly debated.
Israeli immigration to the United States developed during the 1980s and 1990s due to a number of reasons, including the war between Israelis and Palestinians and high taxes and lack of housing available in their homeland. Also, the acquisition of aspects of American culture (especially fashion and entertainment) in Israel caused many Israelis to want to have the economic and educational opportunities of the United States. All this led to Israeli immigration in the U.S.
Demographics.
Since the declaration of the state of Israel and until today many Israelis emigrated to the United States. According to the 2000 census estimated that as many as 106,839 Israelis live in the United States nowadays, while other estimates say the number is much higher, around 500,000. A considerable numbers of Israelis, estimated broadly from 200,000 to three times that figure, have moved abroad in the recent decades. Reasons for emigration vary, but generally relate to a combination of economic and political concerns.
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development calculated an 'expatriate rate' of 2.9 persons per thousand, putting Israel in the mid-range of expatriate rates among the 175 OECD countries examined in 2005.
The New York City metropolitan area has now become by far the leading metropolitan gateway for Israeli immigrants legally admitted into the United States, with the Los Angeles metropolitan area now in a distant second place. Within the United States, as of April 2013, Israeli airline El Al operated from John F. Kennedy International Airport and Newark Liberty International Airport, both in the New York City metropolitan area, as well as from Los Angeles International Airport. The New York City metropolitan area is home to the largest Jewish community outside Israel, and the city proper contains the largest Jewish community in the world. Several other major cities have large Jewish communities, including Miami, Boston, San Francisco, and Cleveland.
Culture and organizations.
A number of Israeli American organizations exist for various purposes, including the Council of Israeli Community, Israeli Leadership Club, the Israeli American Study Initiative (of the UCLA), and the Israeli Business Network of Beverly Hills.
In addition, certain Israeli-American communities have their own newspapers which are printed in Hebrew, arrange their own cultural, entertainment and art events (including celebrations of the Israeli independence day which usually takes place in Israeli-American demographic centers) and some have the Israeli Network channel which consists of a selection of Live broadcasts as well as reruns of Israeli television news broadcasts, entertainment programs and Israeli sport events.
Relationship with American Jews.
Israeli Americans are generally seen as having less interaction with the American Jews (non-Israeli) community and its institutions, often preferring to maintain ties of association with other Israeli Americans. In return, Jewish Americans, especially religious Jewish Americans, tend to maintain little contact with the Israeli American community besides participation in religious ceremonies. At one point, religious American Jews viewed ""yordim"" as being traitors to the Zionist cause of return and permanent settlement in Israel, but now consider them an important sub-group within the broader American Jewish community. 75% of Israeli Americans marry within the Jewish community, much high than American Jews.

</doc>
<doc id="19995611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995611" title="WILE-FM">
WILE-FM

WILE-FM (97.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting an Adult Standards/MOR format. Licensed to Byesville, Ohio, USA and serving the Cambridge, Ohio area. The station is currently owned by Avc Communications and features programing from AP Radio and Dial Global.
History.
The station went on the air as WUFA on 1992-07-30. on 1994-08-26, the station changed its call sign to the current WILE.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19995617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995617" title="Haudriette">
Haudriette

The Haudriettes were a religious congregation founded in Paris early in the fourteenth century by Jeanne, wife of Étienne Haudry, a private secretary of Louis IX, king of France.
During a prolonged absence of her husband on a pilgrimage to the tomb of St. James of Compostela (see Way of St. James), Jeanne, believing him dead, gathered under her roof a number of pious women, with whom she made a vow of perpetual chastity, and consecrated herself to a religious life devoted to the service of the poor. On his return in 1329, Étienne obtained for his wife a dispensation from her vow on condition that the pious association be permitted to retain his house and be endowed with a capital sufficient for the maintenance of twelve poor women. He also erected a chapel for the community, which was soon in possession of its own hospital, and rapidly increased in numbers. The statutes of the Haudriettes, as prescribed for them by Cardinal d'Ailly, were approved in 1414 by Cardinal Nicolò da Pisa, legate of Pope John XXII, and later confirmed by several pontiffs. A gradual relaxation in the original fervour of the congregation caused a thorough reform to be instituted under Cardinal de La Rochefoucauld, Grand Almoner of France. Pope Gregory XV placed the religious under the Rule of St. Augustine, the vow of poverty being added to those of chastity and obedience and monastic observance and the recitation of the Office of the Blessed Virgin imposed. In 1622 the motherhouse was transferred to the Saint-Honoré, where a new monastery and church were built, the latter being dedicated to the Assumption of Mary, from which the religious were thenceforth called Daughters of the Assumption. The congregation was not restored after the Revolution.

</doc>
<doc id="19995619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995619" title="Vau i Dejës Hydroelectric Power Station">
Vau i Dejës Hydroelectric Power Station

The Vau i Dejës Hydroelectric Power Station is a hydroelectric dam on the Drin River, in Albania. Completed in 1973, the project consists of five turbines of Chinese origin, each with a nominal capacity of , totaling the installed capacity to .

</doc>
<doc id="19995635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995635" title="Marilyn Nelson">
Marilyn Nelson

Marilyn Nelson (born April 26, 1946) is an American poet, translator and children's book author. She is the author or translator of twelve books and three chapbooks.
From 1978 to 1994 she wrote books as Marilyn Nelson Waniek.
Early life.
Nelson was born on April 26, 1946 in Cleveland, Ohio to Melvin M. Nelson, a U.S. serviceman in the Air Force, and Johnnie Mitchell Nelson, a teacher. She was brought up living on military bases, and began writing while in elementary school. She earned her B.A. from the University of California-Davis, and an M.A. from the University of Pennsylvania in 1970, and a Ph.D. from the University of Minnesota in 1979.
Career.
She is a professor emeritus of English at the University of Connecticut and the founder and director of Soul Mountain Retreat. She was poet laureate of the State of Connecticut from 2001-2006.
Her poetry collections include "The Homeplace" (Louisiana State University Press), which won the 1992 Anisfield-Wolf Award, and was a finalist for the 1991 National Book Award; and "The Fields Of Praise: New And Selected Poems" (Louisiana State University Press), won the 1998 Poets' Prize, and was a finalist for the 1997 National Book Award. Her honors include two NEA creative writing fellowships, the 1990 Connecticut Arts Award, a Fulbright Teaching Fellowship, and a 2001 Guggenheim Fellowship. In 2012, the Poetry Society of America awarded her the Frost Medal. In 2013, Nelson was elected a chancellor of the Academy of American Poets.
Published works.
Poetry Books
Chapbooks
Collaborative Books
Translations
Books for Young Children

</doc>
<doc id="19995636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995636" title="WILE (AM)">
WILE (AM)

WILE (1270 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Sports radio format. Licensed to Cambridge, Ohio, USA. The station is currently owned by Avc Communications and features programing from ESPN Radio and Fox News Radio.
Programming is simulcast on an FM translator broadcasting at 107.9 FM. 
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19995641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995641" title="XHCGA-TV">
XHCGA-TV

XHCGA-TV 6 was established in 1976 by the Mexican state of Aguascalientes with the support of the Instituto Cultural de Aguascalientes to serve as the public television and radio broadcaster for the state.
History.
It is operated by "Radio y Televisión de Aguascalientes" (Radio and Television of Aguascalientes) as an internationally recognized cultural channel with an emphasis on Aguascalientes content and local television production. Its stated mission is to communicate, to inform, to educate, to entertain and promote human development.
The station provides eighty hours a week of educational and cultural programming, much of it via the Instituto Politécnico Nacional's Once TV national Mexican educational network.

</doc>
<doc id="19995642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995642" title="The Human Bean">
The Human Bean

The Human Bean is a United States national coffee and coffeehouse chain based in Oregon.
History.
In 1998, The Human Bean opened its first store in Ashland, Oregon. With early success and positive customer reception, the company was encouraged to open additional locations throughout Southern Oregon. 
In early 2002, they began franchising their brand and system.
Now, there are 50 locations in eight states: Arizona, California, Colorado, Idaho, Nevada, North Carolina, Oregon, and Washington. The number continues to grow.
There are six locations in Colorado. There is a stand in Evans, La Salle, two in Fort Collins and two in Greeley. Art Linkletter, a well-known television personality, originally started a stand in Evans, Colorado. It grew into more stands around Colorado very quickly and the company ran into financial trouble and failed to pay their state sales tax. This led to the stands in Colorado filing bankruptcy and shutting down in 2009. The stores later reopened and are now locally owned and operated. It is now thriving and sales continue to grow at every stand, every month. 
Trivia.
While all the locations are drive through only, the Hillsboro, Oregon location, opened in October 2007, was the first to offer indoor seating with the addition to the drive through. Free wifi, couches, a plasma screen TV showing the news in the morning, local newspapers are also available. Also featured are local artist's paintings on the walls and along with weekly author and band appearances. An Outdoor patio is also available.

</doc>
<doc id="19995644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995644" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Trinity County, California">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Trinity County, California

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Trinity County, California. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="19995645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995645" title="WJEH">
WJEH

WJEH (990 AM) is a radio station broadcasting an Adult Standards/MOR format. Licensed to Gallipolis, Ohio, USA and serving the Point Pleasant, West Virginia area. The station is currently owned by Sunny Broadcasting, LLC.
History.
The station went on the air as WGTR on 1990-06-04. on 1990-06-30, the station changed its call sign to the current WJEH.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19995671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995671" title="West Central Florida Council">
West Central Florida Council

West Central Florida Council serves Pinellas County and west Pasco County in Florida. Two main Scout camps are Sand Hill Scout Reservation in Spring Hill and Camp Soule in Clearwater. There is also a smaller facility at Bigfoot Wilderness Camp near Dade City. Over 6,000 youth and 4,000 adult volunteers are currently served by the West Central Florida Council. More than 100 young men earned the rank of Eagle Scout in 2012. The West Central Florida Council earned the prestigious 2008 Centennial Quality Council Award from the Boy Scouts of America.
History.
West Central Florida Council was originally chartered as the Pinellas Council in 1917. Pinellas Area Council changed its name to the current West Central Florida Council in the late 1970s to recognize that west Pasco County had been a part of the Council for many years.
Organization.
West Central Florida Council is divided into three distinct geographical Districts to best serve the youth of Pinellas and West Pasco Counties.
Camps.
Sand Hill Scout Reservation.
Sand Hill Scout Reservation is a Scout camp of over in the west central Florida region, located near Spring Hill, Florida. Sand Hill Scout Reservation belongs to the Cub Scouts, Boy Scouts, Varsity Scouts, and Venturers of the West Central Florida Council and Gulf Ridge Council and is intended for their instruction and enjoyment. Sand Hill Scout Reservation offers many different activities including archery, small-bore rifle, shotgun trap and skeet shooting, hiking, camping, Project COPE course, climbing wall, repelling tower, swimming pool, large athletics fields, 10 improved campsites (complete with shelters, water, latrines, and hot water shower facilities), handicapped accessible campsite and facilities, 2 primitive campsites, chapel, large air-conditioned dining hall, trading post, camp medical center, activities shelters, nature center, 15 staff cabins, and training buildings. This camp is also the residential Boy Scout Summer Camp for the West Central Florida Council. Hundreds of boys from the Greater Tampa/St. Petersburg area and throughout Florida attend camp every summer. Thousands of Scouts, leaders, and outside organizations use Sand Hill Scout Reservation every year for camping, training, and other activities. A full-time Camp Ranger and his family live on the property. Sand Hill Scout Reservation is large enough to host more than 1,500 Scouts at one time. Sand Hill has hosted Scouts and other organizations since the early 1980s. Sand Hill is also home to the Brooksville Raid Civil War battle reenactment every January.
Sand Hill Grace.
The "Sand Hill Grace" is customarily said by campers before meals:
Camp Soule.
Camp Soule serves the West Central Florida Council. It is located on of pristine wilderness, in the heart of Clearwater, Florida. It offers protected trees, wildlife, and beauty centered in the most populous county of Florida. Camp Soule offers four improved campsites (with Adirondack shelters, latrines, and showers), six primitive campsites, a dining hall, trading post, large activity fields, Olympic-size swimming pool, pool house, BB gun range, Cub Scout and Boy Scout archery ranges, two cabins, Council campfire ring, chapel, and a home occupied by a full-time camp ranger and his family. Camp Soule is constantly utilized for short-term Boy Scout camping, Cub Scout family camping, Cub Scout Summer Day Camp, Tiger Growl, training courses, and various other activities. The dining hall and camp medical building/camp office have recently been renovated. This major rebuild of the dining hall involved installing air conditioning, a new entrance, and a large porch. Camp Soule has served the West Central Florida Council since the 1930s.
Camp Bigfoot.
Bigfoot Wilderness Camp is a hidden gem at Green Swamp, east of Dade City, Florida. It is located within a wildlife preserve owned by the State of Florida - Southwest Florida Water Management District. The facility includes a cabin with electricity and indoor plumbing on the banks of the Withlacoochee River, two small Franklin stoves for heating, an outdoor shower, a campfire area, two pit latrines and primitive patrol campsites. There is a and hiking loop starting and ending at the cabin. This loop intersects with a segment of the Florida National Scenic Trail extending over to the north and to the south. Bigfoot Wilderness Camp provides a great opportunity for camping in a rustic, primitive "Old Florida" setting.
Timuquan Lodge.
The West Central Florida Council's Order of the Arrow Lodge is Timuquan Lodge 340, founded in 1946. The Order of the Arrow is Scouting's National Honor Society that recognizes youth and adult leaders who best exemplify the Scout Oath and Scout Law in their daily lives. The lodge is named in honor of the extinct Timucua Native American tribe of northern and central Florida. Timuquan Lodge hosted the S-4 OA Section Conference at Sand Hill Scout Reservation from April 17–19, 2009. Nearly 1,100 Scouts and leaders from throughout Florida and southern Georgia attended the event.

</doc>
<doc id="19995675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995675" title="Tourism Western Australia">
Tourism Western Australia

Tourism Western Australia is the statutory authority responsible for promoting Western Australia as a tourist destination.

</doc>
<doc id="19995708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995708" title="Neelo">
Neelo

Neelo (or Abida Riaz) is a well known actress from Lahore and mother of the film actor Shaan.
Early life.
Neelo was born on 29 June 1945 in Bhera, Sargodha. Her first appearance was in a Hollywood film "Bhowani Junction (film)" (1956) at the age of 12 which was shot in and around Lahore. Her career began when she got her break as an actress in the film saat lakh, being given the chance to perform only in one song 'aye mausam, rangilay suhanay'.
Controversies.
During Nawab of Kalabagh's rule in 1965, she was called in for a live dance performance in front of the Shah of Iran who paid an official visit to Pakistan, but she refused to comply with the conditions. Harassed and threatened, Neelo faced dire consequences for refusing to obey orders.She attempted suicide on the way to Governor house and was taken to a hospital instead where doctor's saved her life.
The renowned leftist poet Habib Jalib expressed his anguish : "Tu keh na waqfe, adaba-e-shahnshahi hay...". Later this poem was used in film "Zarqa" with slight changes in the words.
Personal life.
Neelo's real name was Cynthia Alexander Fernandes. she adopted a name Abida Riaz at marriage.

</doc>
<doc id="19995716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995716" title="St. Landry Parish School Board">
St. Landry Parish School Board

St. Landry Parish School Board is a school district based in Opelousas, Louisiana, United States, which serves St. Landry Parish.
Lottie Beebe, the superintendent of St. Martin Parish public schools and a Republican member of the Louisiana Board of Elementary and Secondary Education, is a native of St. Landry Parish, a former teacher in the school system, and for eight years was a Democratic member of the St. Landry Parish School Board.
The schools operated by the board include the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19995719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995719" title="Ferdinand Dümmler">
Ferdinand Dümmler

Georg Ferdinand Dümmler (February 10, 1859 – November 15, 1896) was a German classical philologist and archaeologist who was a native of Halle an der Saale. He was the son of historian Ernst Ludwig Dümmler (1830-1902).
He was a student at the Universities of Halle, Strassburg and Bonn. At Strassburg, he studied under Adolf Michaelis (1835-1910), and in Bonn, he had as instructors Franz Bücheler (1837-1908), Hermann Usener (1834-1905) and Reinhard Kekulé von Stradonitz (1839-1911). In 1882 he received his doctorate with a thesis on the philosopher Antisthenes.
Following graduation, he undertook archaeological research excursions through Italy, Greece, Cyprus and the Aegean Islands. From 1887 to 1890, he was a lecturer at the University of Giessen, and afterwards was a professor of philology and archaeology at the University of Basel. 
Dümmler died of an illness in Basel on November 15, 1896 at the age of 37.

</doc>
<doc id="19995724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995724" title="Iron City (novel)">
Iron City (novel)

Iron City is a prison novel by the American writer Lloyd L. Brown based on an actual court case and inspired by the author's experiences as a labor organizer and political prisoner in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania from 1936 to 1941. 
The novel tells the story of Lonnie James, a black youth falsely convicted of-and sentenced to death for the murder of a white businessman. From inside the "iron city" of the Allegheny County Jail in Pittsburgh, America's "iron city," three black Communist prisoners spearhead a fight to save James's life. "Iron City" confronts race relations in mid-twentieth-century America inside and outside prison walls and promotes a Communist vision of racial and class solidarity.

</doc>
<doc id="19995725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995725" title="César Castellanos (pastor)">
César Castellanos (pastor)

César Castellanos is a Christian pastor from Bogotá, Colombia and the founder of the Misión Carismática Internacional. Castellanos is noted as the leading proponent of the G12 Vision, which is based upon the mentoring of 12 disciples. He believes the number 12 to be the number by which God will work within the church. He has stated that he was inspired to create the discipleship program after he had received a vision from God in 1983. 
He began his church with only eight people in the living room of his house and six months later there were six hundred members. He eventually made use of auditoriums and stadiums in different cities to hold services of the Mission Charismatic International (MCI). The G12 Movement has spread throughout the world with Castellanos. MCI one of the largest churches in South America, with more than 200,000 members and more than 45,000 Cell Groups in the City of Bogotá.
Castellanos is the author of several books, including "Dream and You Will Win the World", "Ladder of Success", "The Revelation of the Cross", and "Touching the Father's Heart".

</doc>
<doc id="19995744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995744" title="West Virginia Speleological Survey">
West Virginia Speleological Survey

The West Virginia Speleological Survey (WVaSS) is a speleological organization and ongoing cave survey program that has gathered information and published about West Virginia caves and karst since 1967.
WVaSS was founded by Roger Baroody who was motivated to continue the survey begun by William E. Davies (1917–1990) in his "Caverns of West Virginia" (1949, 1950, 1965). Davis’ book and its updates were published as part of the West Virginia Geological Survey series, but after 1965 it became apparent that no further updates would be forthcoming. Large quantities of new cave and karst data were becoming available and so the need for a dedicated survey program seemed evident.
Organization and history.
The WVaSS is a highly informal, voluntary, non-profit association of cavers and caving groups. In 1978, WVaSS became a Study Group of the National Speleological Society (NSS) and in 1987 was granted 501c3 tax exempt status by the Internal Revenue Service.
Safeguards.
For reasons of cave conservation and safety, it is the policy of WVaSS to sell bulletins only to NSS members and individuals and agencies doing karst research. Certain caves contain unique speleothems, rare forms of cave life, or have serious landowner-caver relations problems. For these caves, the WVaSS may refrain from publication.
Publications.
Beginning in 1971, the WVaSS has produced 19 publications (“bulletins”) to date. It has attempted to maintain a balance between bulletins that simply present cave surveys/descriptions (14 so far) and bulletins advancing specific karst research (5 so far). In aggregate, the 11 survey bulletins have provided descriptions of over 2175 caves in 14 West Virginia counties. The research survey bulletins include a master's thesis on cave development, a bibliography of West Virginia caves and karst, and bulletins on the invertebrate and vertebrate fauna of West Virginia caves.
WVaSS publications.
Bulletins
Monographs
Miscellaneous

</doc>
<doc id="19995757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995757" title="There's One in Every Family">
There's One in Every Family

"There's One in Every Family" is the second album released by rapper, Fiend. It was released on May 5, 1998 for No Limit Records and was produced by Master P and Beats By the Pound. Like most of the albums released by No Limit in the late 1990s, the album was a success, peaking at #8 on the Billboard 200 and #1 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums, and featured most of the labels top acts, such as Master P, Silkk the Shocker, C-Murder and Snoop Dogg. The album was certified gold on June 15, 1998. There was one single called " Do You Know" featuring Mystikal & Master P which was a big success peaking at # 11 on the Top/ Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="19995777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995777" title="International Charismatic Mission Church">
International Charismatic Mission Church

The International Charismatic Mission is a Bogotá, Colombia based church founded in 1983 by César and Claudia Castellanos as a cell group with 8 people. As of 2008, the church had more than 250,000 members, organized into a structure of small cell groups. The church's teaching are titled the G12 Vision, which is based upon the mentoring of 12 disciples similar in method to Jesus. Castellanos stated that he was inspired to create the discipleship program after receiving a vision from God in 1983. 
Criticism.
The church has been criticized for high-pressure methods of recruitment. Weekend Encounters are alleged to be secretive and manipulative, involving psychological pressure and spiritual abuse. 

</doc>
<doc id="19995784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995784" title="VEPR">
VEPR

VEPR () is a Ukrainian multi-purpose off-road vehicle designed and assembled by the Kremenchuk Automobile Assembly Plant. (The name is a pun:Ukrainian: Вепр, "wild boar".)
Designers' goal was to create an SUV-type vehicle which would have the same terrain ability traditionally reserved for larger cargo vehicles, such as KrAZ and Ural. The patent has been received for the passenger-cargo vehicle.
Vepr unit price is $50,000 - $250,000.
Description.
Fuel consumption for the vehicle this size is very modest. City – 14 liters, highway – 11.5 liters per 100 km. which is better than a smaller Hummer.
Standard modification includes:
Variants.
Present modifications:
Production.
As of 2006 at least 10 vehicles have been produced for the Siberian Tyumen and Yakutiya regions, Kazakhstan, and Kyrgyzstan. It is said to be targeted at the American Hummer SUV.

</doc>
<doc id="19995786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995786" title="Claudia Rodríguez de Castellanos">
Claudia Rodríguez de Castellanos

Claudia Yadira Inés Rodríguez is a Colombian Evangelical pastor and politician. She is married to César Castellanos Domínguez, an Evangelical pastor and leader of the International Charismatic Mission Church. She was twice elected to the Senate of Colombia, first from 1991 to 1994, and again from 2006 to 2010; she also served as Ambassador of Colombia to Brazil from 2004 to 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19995828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995828" title="Pitmilly">
Pitmilly

Pitmilly is the site of a former estate located five miles south-east of St Andrews, Scotland. Its historical significance is threefold. It has been inhabited from ancient times; artifacts continue to be recovered from the Neolithic, Bronze and Iron Ages and a well-known barrow (burial mound) Tumulus from the Bronze Age still exists there. It is connected to Clan Hay in that Eva of Pitmilly, the Celtic heiress to these lands, married William II de Haya, a Norman, in the 12th century C.E., with the couple becoming the progenitors of that Scottish clan. Finally, for over seven centuries, it was owned by the important Moneypenny family.
Pitmilly Lands.
The name, Pitmilly or Pitmillie, has been used for centuries, but many variants occurred in earlier times. These include Petmullin, Pitmulin, Pethmolyn, and Pitmaulin. They probably reflect the P-Celtic P-Celtic and Q-Celtic, Scottish Gaelic, Scots Scots language and Latin languages, coupled with no great desire for consistency in spelling and the modification of place names that occurs so often. The prefix pit is derived from the P-Celtic word, pett, meaning a piece of land, and is very common in place-names in this part of Scotland. The second part of the name means mill, regardless of its various forms. Pitmilly means, therefore, a piece of land by the mill(s), and indeed, there are still ruined mills at Pitmilly.
The Pitmilly Lands lie on both sides of the Pitmilly Burn, a stream that joins the larger Kenly Water, just before the latter reaches the North Sea between Craig Hartle and Babbet Ness on the east Fife coast. The lands on the east side of the Pitmilly Burn border that sea. In order to define further the Pitmilly Lands as they have been known through the centuries, it is helpful to note that in the early 20th century, before it was broken up, the Pitmilly estate consisted of the manor house with its grounds, known as Pitmilly House, several farms, a flax mill and a grist mill, both of which may have been ruins then, and a fisherman's bothy. The farms, all of which are identified on the 2008 Ordnance Survey map, are Boghall, Falside, Hillhead, Morton of Pitmilly and Kilduncan. A possible source of confusion is that the Kenly Water has sometimes been known, and shown on maps, as Pitmilly Burn, but it seems clear that the Pitmilly Burn of the Pitmilly Lands is the tributary stream.
A study of the cartography of the region from 1642 on is interesting because it shows the different naming of Pitmilly Burn and Kenly Water by individual mapmakers. In one map the two streams reach the North Sea separately. It also shows that a manor house existed at Pitmilly in 1775 and that the present farms in the region have existed for a long time, with the same names. One map refers to Pitmilly mills in the plural, which explains why two different mills have sometimes individually been referred to as Pitmilly Mill. The spelling of Pitmilly varies only slightly. In addition to Pitmilly, the name is found as Pitmilli, Pitmil (possibly as an abbreviation) and Pit Mille. The family name, Moneypenny, appears on a map in 1775.
History before the arrival of the Normans.
Artifacts have been recovered from the Neolithic, Bronze and Iron Age s, indicating that Pitmilly has been inhabited since at least the Neolithic Age. Beatson and Wright, in The Statistical Accounts of Scotlandof 1791-99 and 1834–45, respectively, described stone coffins, containing human bones, on the shore of Kingsbarns parish, which includes Pitmilly. They stated that the tombs were thought to be of Danes, i.e., Viking raiders, but Beatson appears dubious. From these descriptions, there is no doubt that the tombs were really Bronze Age cists. Pitmilly Law, a Bronze Age burial barrow, now with trees growing on its summit, is a local landmark on the Pitmilly estate. An article by Skinner in 1869 discusses the finding of six empty cists there. In 1867, he had discussed nearby cists on the Pitmilly estate that contained skeletons. Around 2004, an early Bronze Age cist was discovered just outside the ruins of Pitmilly House during road work; it contained a skeleton and a food vessel of the Yorkshire vase tradition. Neolithic Carved Stone Balls have been found in several locations in Scotland and in 2006 one was recovered near Pitmilly Law.
There appears to be no historical record, specifically, of Pitmilly from the Bronze Age to when the Normans arrived in Scotland. The Picts lived and farmed there, as nearby St Andrew developed into an important ecclesiastical center. Robert Sibbald, writing in 1710, states that there were some obelisks of rough stone on higher ground, just south of the former site of Inchmurtach, a country residence of the Bishop of St Andrews Archbishop of St Andrews, and now the site of Kenlygreen. That location would presumably place them on the Pitmilly Estate. He quotes "the great antiquary, Mr. Maule", as believing that these were the monuments of some great men killed in battle with the Danes. This conclusion may be valid because the Danes (Vikings) frequently invaded these shores. However, it is also possible that the stones were menhirs erected by the Picts. Such stones are common in Scotland.
Countess Ada and Pitmilly.
In the latter half of the twelfth century, Countess Ada de Warenne, William I of Scotland's mother, made two grants concerning land that she owned at Pitmilly to the St Andrews Cathedral Priory. King William subsequently confirmed both grants.
The Hays and Pitmilly.
William II de Haya, the first recorded de Haya in Scotland, married Eva of Pitmilly no later than 1171. Little is known about Eva, except that she was the heiress to land at Pitmilly which she brought into the marriage. However, this marriage was important because it was the beginning of the family that became Clan Hay. In 1172, William II de Haya leased one ploughgate in Pitmilly to St Andrews Cathedral Priory and its hospital for twenty years at an annual rent of half a merk of silver. The brief association of the Hays with Pitmilly essentially ended when, shortly after William's death around 1201, Eva and their son, David, after a dispute with the canons of St Andrews Cathedral Priory, quitclaimed the land to the priory, but retained the annual rent of half a merk of silver. The land in question was part of Eva's tocher (dowry) and is known to be Falside from the rubric on King William's charter. Falside still exists as a farm in Pitmilly. However, nothing remains at Pitmilly of whatever residence Eva's family occupied there, if indeed they did live there in the 12th century.
The Monypennys and Pitmilly.
The centuries-long association of the Monypennys with Pitmilly began in 1211, when Thomas, Prior of St Andrews, granted a charter of the lands of Pitmilly to Richard Monipennie, quam Malisius tennit. The former was probably a Norman knight, while Malisius(Malise of Pitmilly)was the tenant renting the land at the time. In 1296, along with the other Scots gentry and landowners, John de Monypenny of Pitmilly signed the so-called Ragman Rolls by which he swore fealty solely to Edward I of England. Had he not done so, he would have forfeited his lands and suffered other severe penalties. There appears to be little historical record of Pitmilly, as opposed to the Moneypenny family, during the following centuries. Sibbald, writing in 1710, notes the existence of the house, one mile east of Kingsbarns, of a very ancient family of the name of Monipenny. Ainslie, in 1775, depicts on his map the square area of the grounds and house, labeling them as "Pitmilly Coll" and "Moneypenny". The Pitmilly House, of which records exist, was built in three stages. The first two, adjoining, blocks were apparently built in the 18th century. The third stage, a block added to the front of the house, was built in the typical style of a Georgian mansionGeorgian architecture in 1818, the architect being Robert Balfour of St. Andrews. National Monuments Record of Scotland have found no evidence that an earlier house stood on this specific site. However,stone wall fragments from another large structure have been described to the south-east of this house and may have been part of an earlier residence. They no longer exist. Pitmilly is not mentioned in either the 1791-99 Statistical Account of Scotland or in the New Statistical Account, published between 1834 and 1845. However, Slater's Directory, circa 1852, mentions Pitmilly as a very ancient seat in the northern part of Kingsbarns parish, while the Ordnance Gazetteer of Scotland in 1865 notes the presence of Pitmilly as an estate with a mansion. The last Monypenny to live at Pitmilly was Charlton James Blackwell Monypenny, 1867–1947, who immigrated to South America in 1902, when he is still identified as the owner. The Monypenny family later sold Pitmilly House and the farms on the estate.
Pitmilly after the Monypennys.
Pitmilly House was taken over during World War II as a billet for Women's Royal Naval Service (WRNS). After the war it operated as a hotel under several owners, but ultimately these businesses failed and the house, which was said to be haunted by a particularly active poltergeist, deteriorated badly. It burned in 1967, with much of the building material subsequently being salvaged to build houses in Kingsbarns. Pitmilly now exists as good agricultural land, with the farms of the former estate still operating. Of these, Morton of Pitmilly has been renovated as a self-catering holiday resort. The most important landmark is Pitmilly Law. The ruins of two mills and of a fisherman's bothy on the estate remain. Hillhead Mill was a grist mill, on which the date 1716 is still evident, and is located at the junction of Pitmilly Burn and Kenly Water. Crail Mill was a flax mill with an adjacent miller’s house (which still bears the date 1790), located a few hundred yards upstream from Hillhead Mill. There is a large, marshy pond to the west of the miller’s house, probably representing the retting pond for the flax. Some confusion in nomenclature exists because both mills have on occasion been referred to individually as Pitmilly Mill. Little of Pitmilly House itself is left. Pitmilly West, built in 1975 on the site of the west gate house, operates as bed and breakfast. The other three gatehouses, the walls surrounding the grounds, pathways through the grounds, as well as ruins of the stables and the bowling alley remain. The Gate Lodge has been refurbished to a high standard; the East Lodge is in its original, Georgian, condition, while South Lodge is completely ruinous. Several photographs of the Pitmilly area as it is now can be found on Geograph British Isles at Grid Square NO5713 and adjacent squares The local beach is unofficially called Pitmilly Beach with the Fife Coastal Path running along that beach and then entering the valley of Kenly Water, past the Pitmilly mills.

</doc>
<doc id="19995833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995833" title="Balshaw's CE High School">
Balshaw's CE High School

Balshaw's CE High School is a comprehensive specialist secondary school located on Church Road in Leyland, England.
Location.
It is situated just south of the B5248 in the east of Leyland, close to the West Coast Main Line, and 546 yards (500m) west of the M6.
History.
Foundation.
The school was founded by Richard Balshaw in 1782. He established a high school called Golden Hill - until the 1920s that school was the original school for Balshaw's pupils. In 1922 work started on building a new school on a 5 acre site.
Grammar school.
Opened in 1931, it was Balshaw's Grammar School until 1982, and the school is still situated in the same area.
Comprehensive.
In 1972 the school joined with Parklands High School by opening Runshaw College, when both the schools' sixth forms were combined.
The school abandoned its Grammar status in favour of comprehensive status in the early 1980s. In 1994 the school became a Church of England school.
Traditions.
House system.
The school is split into traditional houses. The house system consists of all years, all of which have four divisions (see below). These divisions are named after four areas of Lancashire, and are managed by learning managers.
The houses are managed by separate staff:
School mottos.
The school motto is Non Sibi Sed Aliis which is Latin for "Not for oneself, but for others".
However the school has now adopted the somewhat common motto "Aiming at Excellence".
Ofsted inspection 2009.
The school was formally inspected by the HM Inspectorate of Schools on Thursday 4 June 2009, the previous one being in 2006, and achieved 'Good' status.
Eco-Schools.
Balshaw's has recently signed up to Eco-Schools Lancashire. This came with a lot of development, in recording waste usage, electricity, gas and how well the school economically does in respect of the money and environment.On 2 July 2009, there was an "Eco-Day", in which the pupils worked with eco-friendly materials and learnt about how to lead environmentally friendly lifestyles.

</doc>
<doc id="19995894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995894" title="Emily Turner">
Emily Turner

Emily Susano Turner (born August 28, 1985, in Honolulu, Hawaii) is a reporter for WGMB and WVLA in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. She was a standout pitcher on the LSU Tigers softball team and a 4th round draft pick of the Philadelphia Force in the National Pro Fastpitch league in 2007.
College softball career.
Turner was a member of the LSU Tigers softball team from 2004 through 2007. As a freshman in 2004 she helped lead the team to the Women's College World Series, earning SEC All-Freshman honors along the way. In her career at LSU she ranks second in career appearances, games started and shutouts and third in career wins and complete games in LSU softball history.

</doc>
<doc id="19995919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995919" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Madera County, California">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Madera County, California

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Madera County, California. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="19995921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995921" title="German Ruano">
German Ruano

Club career.
Born in Guatemala City, Ruano, a right back of outstanding defensive and attacking skills, began his career with local side CD Suchitepéquez. In 1993, he was brought by coach Horacio Cordero to Municipal, where he would remain for the next 16 years, winning 12 league titles and five domestic cups, thus becoming one of the most honoured players in the history of the club. By 2008, he had become the second-longest serving active squad member after Juan Carlos Plata.
After finishing second on the 2008–2009 clausura tournament, Municipal did not renew his contract, and afterwards Ruano, who wore the number 17 on his shirt throughout his career, announced his retirement.
International career.
Ruano made his debut for Guatemala in a December 1995 UNCAF Nations Cup match against Panama and went on to collect 57 caps in the next six years, appearing in a total 19 matches during the qualification processes to the World Cups of 1998 and 2002. He also played four matches at the 1996 CONCACAF Gold Cup and two matches at the 1998 CONCACAF Gold Cup, and was a part of the squad that won the 2001 UNCAF Nations Cup.
His final international was a January 2001 FIFA World Cup qualification match against Costa Rica, a game which also marked the end of the international careers of national team stalwarts Jorge Rodas and Edgar Valencia.

</doc>
<doc id="19995952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995952" title="Walter Santesso">
Walter Santesso

Walter Santesso (27 February 1931 in Padua, Italy – 20 January 2008) was an Italian film actor and director. His character name "Paparazzo" in Federico Fellini's 1960 film "La Dolce Vita" has become synonymous with modern celebrity/tabloid photographers, who are collectively referred to as "paparazzi".

</doc>
<doc id="19995977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995977" title="Ko Losin">
Ko Losin

Ko Losin (, ) is a small rocky islet in the southern area of the Gulf of Siam. It is under the Sai Buri District (administrative area) of the Pattani Province of Thailand.
Owing to the islet's relative remoteness, the area around Ko Losin is a good diving spot, where sharks and mantas thrive undisturbed.
Territorial dispute.
Though barren and uninhabited, Ko Losin, along with the islets of Ko Kra (), constitutes a disputed territory.
The dispute over the continental shelf boundary between Malaysia and Thailand arises from the different baselines which the two countries adopt in calculating the equidistant line for boundary. Thailand's proclaimed baseline runs from the terminus at Kuala Tabar (the eastern terminus of the Malaysia-Thailand land border as defined by the Anglo-Siamese Treaty of 1909) northwards to Ko Losin islet and then northwestwards to Ko Kra. Malaysia however does not regard Ko Losin as a valid baseline point and calculates the equidistant line on a baseline running along the shore. 

</doc>
<doc id="19995989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995989" title="Chiếu dời đô">
Chiếu dời đô

Edict on the Transfer of the Capital ( or "Thiên đô chiếu" Chinese:遷都詔) is the edict written by King Lý Thái Tổ and was issued on the Fall of 1010 to transfer the capital of Đại Cồ Việt from Hoa Lư to Đại La.
Documents.
English translation.
In the old times, under Pan Geng of the Shang Dynasty, the capital had been transferred for five times; under King Cheng of Zhou, the capital had been transferred for three times. It was not for personal benefits that the kings moved the capital. They did so in order to pursue great causes, choosing the central place, making it favourable for future generations to thrive, that was in respect to the Mandate of Heaven and in accordance with the commons, moving to a place to ensure the eternal existence of the nation and the richness of customs. But now the Lê and the Đinh disregarded the heavenly mandate and did not follow the examples of the Shang and Zhou, just fixing the capital here which causes the shortness of the nation, the people's depletion and the discord of the universe. I am very painful and now thinking of transferring the capital.
Moreover, Đại La citadel, the former capital of Gao Wang, is in the very heart of the universe. The position evokes that of soaring dragon and stalking tiger, in the centre of the four directions, convenient for the development of the nation. This area is large and flat, high and bright, the population are not suffering from floods and darkness, everything is in full prosperity. After investigating all lands of Vietnam, this place is actually the gathering venue of people from across the nation, the most appropriate place for eternal capital positioning.
I want to take the most advantage from placing the capital here, what do you think, the court mandarins?
Meaning.
The Edict on the Transfer of the Capital is of great meaning in many respects. The work has been researched in terms of history, politics, literature, geography, philosophy and so on.

</doc>
<doc id="19995991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19995991" title="James M. Thomson">
James M. Thomson

James McIlhany Thomson (February 13, 1878 – September 25, 1959) was an American newspaper publisher, best known for his long tenure as head of the "New Orleans States-Item" and his political role within the Democratic Party.
Early years.
Thomson was born in Jefferson County, West Virginia. He attended the Johns Hopkins University, where he and classmate Edgeworth Smith founded the "Johns Hopkins News-Letter" in 1896.
Career.
Shortly after graduating, Thomson became editor of the Norfolk, Virginia "Dispatch", where he worked from 1900-1906. From 1906 to 1941, Thomson served in the position he would hold for most of his life, as publisher of the "New Orleans States-Item", then known simply as the "Item". The "New Orleans States-Item" was later merged with the present-day "Times-Picayune".
Political involvement.
Thomson married Genevieve Champ Clark in 1915, whose father, James Beauchamp Clark, had been a Democratic nominee for president in 1912. Thomson himself would serve as delegate to the Democratic National Convention in 1920, 1924, and 1944 for the state of Louisiana. His nephew, also named James McIlhany Thomson, served as the Democratic representative of Alexandria, Virginia in the Virginia General Assembly from 1956 to 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="19996004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996004" title="Fritz von Frantzius">
Fritz von Frantzius

Friedrich Wilhelm (also known as "Fritz" von Frantzius) was a German-born American businessman and millionaire.
Life and career.
Von Frantzius was born on May 17, 1865 in Sawdin, West Prussia to parents Arthur and Ida (Ehlert) von Frantzius. He was educated at Marlenwerder and Graudenz in West Russia from 1872 to 1885. He worked for three years in Berlin as a clerk of export and commission for the firm Ostberg & Loeser.
In 1888, von Frantzius came to the United States. He worked as a bookkeeper for Lipps & Button Silk Mills from 1888-1889, for Matthiessen & Hegeler Zinc Co. from 1889-1892, for Siemens & Halske Electric Co. from 1892-1893 and for J. F. Wollen-sac from 1893-1896. He then worked in the real estate business with S. E. Gross and Sam Brown Jr. from 1896 until he became a banker and broker in 1899 at the firm Von Frantzius & Krusemarck. In 1901 He began working with Ben Marcuse at the firm Von Frantzius & Co. On December 9, 1900 in Berlin, von Frantzius was selected as the Councilor of the Foreign Office and Councilor of the High Court for the International Court of Arbitration at The Hague. 
He married Margarete Sieber on September 28, 1893, and they had two children, Hans Peter and Anne-Marie. On June 23, 1913 von Frantzius married his second wife, the Australian dancer Rose Saharet, with whom he had long been obsessed. He made her vow to give up dancing forever, and she agreed to the condition. However, she stayed with him for only four days before she ripped up the marriage contract and left for Europe to pursue her career.
Von Frantzius published a book in 1914, in response to an article written by Brander Matthews. The book was originally titled "Germans as Exponents of Culture" but later editions were titled "The Book of Truth and Facts".
Von Frantzius died on January 8, 1917 in Chicago from heart disease. His estate was worth an estimated $11,250,000 at the time of his death. 

</doc>
<doc id="19996010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996010" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Sutter County, California">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Sutter County, California

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Sutter County, California. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.

</doc>
<doc id="19996012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996012" title="Scarlet Thread">
Scarlet Thread

Scarlet Thread is a 1951 British drama film directed by Lewis Gilbert.

</doc>
<doc id="19996020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996020" title="Dodge 440">
Dodge 440

The Dodge 440 was a full-size car offered by Dodge from 1962 to 1964. It was available as a 2-door sedan, 2-door hardtop, 4-door sedan, or station wagon. Power was delivered by a standard 225 Slant-Six with 145 horsepower. The 318 2-barrel, 361 2-barrel, 383 2-barrel, 383 4 -barrel and 426 4-barrel/426 2x4-barrel were all optional. When in came out in 1962, it was the upscale version of the Dart, and came with all the standared equipment of the Dart and 330, plus backup lights and exterior moldings. The car rode a 119-inch wheelbase shared with the 330 and Polara. Power seats were $96, while front seat belts were $19. Fuel economy in 1962 at 40 mph was 24.10mpg for the Slant 6 engine. The car, along with the 330, was replaced in 1965 by the Polara, with the 880 taking the Polara's place in the lineup on the new C Body with wheelbase. The 426 motor was eliminated from full-size Dodges in 1965 as well. However, the name 440 stayed on as a trim level of the Dodge Coronet.
During the three production years, the Dodge 440 was a mid-range model, equivalent to the Chevrolet Bel Air of the same years. It featured less chrome and a plainer interior than the de luxe Polara. Its lighter weight and available big-block 426 engine gave it a formidable reputation in racing.

</doc>
<doc id="19996032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996032" title="Robert Furman">
Robert Furman

Robert R. Furman (1915–2008) was a civil engineer who during World War II was the chief of foreign intelligence for the Manhattan Engineer District directing espionage against the German nuclear energy project. The depth of his involvement during the war was only revealed in the few years before his death.
As a civil engineer he was a key figure overseeing the construction of The Pentagon building and later in life founded "Furman Builders Inc".
Biography.
He was born on August 21, 1915, in Trenton, New Jersey. He attended Princeton University and graduated in 1937 with a degree in civil engineering.
In December 1940, Furman was activated as a member of the United States Army Reserve and assigned to the Quartermaster Corps construction division where he oversaw day-to-day construction of The Pentagon. He was overseen in this work by Leslie Groves. When the building was completed in 1943, Groves was reassigned to the "Manhattan Project" and brought his aide, Furman, with him. In August 1943 Furman was put in charge of an intelligence effort formed by Groves in response to concerns of the atomic bomb project scientists about the German nuclear effort. As director of intelligence Furman was responsible for ascertaining the progress the Germans were making, a series of operations with the intent to place all uranium in Europe into allied hands, and at the end of the war rounding up German atomic scientists and keeping them out of the Soviet Union. He also participated in missions on the front lines, including a daring commando raid into Belgium to seize a sample of German uranium under sniper fire. In July 1945, he personally escorted half of the uranium necessary for the atomic bomb Little Boy to Tinian.
He left the army the year after the war ended and founded "Furman Builders Inc." in Rockville, Maryland, which built hundreds of structures including the U.S. embassy in Nicaragua. He married in 1952; he and his wife had four children and for the most part kept quiet about his exploits during the war. He died on October 14, 2008 at Buckingham's Choice retirement community in Adamstown, Maryland of metastatic melanoma at the age of 93.

</doc>
<doc id="19996064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996064" title="Rudolf Geschwind">
Rudolf Geschwind

Rudolf Geschwind (b 29 August 1829 in Hředle, Bohemia, Austro-Hungary - today Czech Republic - d. 30 August 1910 in Karpfen Austro-Hungary, today Krupina Slovakia) was a Jewish Austrian rosarian known for his breeding of rose cultivars.
Studies and professional activities.
Interested in growing plants even in his childhood, Rudolf Geschwind pursued his studies for two years at the Technical University in Prague. He then continued his studies at the Academy for Forestry in Schemnitz (today Banska Stiavnica în Slovakia, graduating in 1852. He then started working for the Austro-Hungarian Department of Forestry. His work was carried out in various parts of the Austro-Hungarian empire, on the territory of today's Italy, Ukraine, Poland, Czech Republic, Slovakia and Hungary
However, his hobby was the breeding of roses. From 1860 to 1910 he created around 140 rose cultivars, most of them resistant to frost. He acquired international fame during the Exposition Universelle (1889) in Paris, where he presented his collection of climbing roses.
After his death, in 1910, his entire collection of cultivars was purchased by countess Marie Henrieta Chotek for her rosarium in Dolná Krupá.
References.
Bibliography about the Geschwind.
Rudolf Geschwind 1829 - 2009 (1910 - 2010). Sammelband des Internationalen Symposiums Rudolf Geschwind 1829 - 2009 gewidmet dem 180. Jahrestag der Geburt von Rudolf Geschwind abgehalten in Krupina und Zvolen am 11. un 12. Juni 2009. Ed.: Miroslav Lukáč. Korrigierte slowakisch-deutsche Ausgabe. Krupina : Die Stadt Krupina in Zasammenarbeit mit Kulturzentrum und Andrej Sládkovič-Museum in Krupina, 2011. 184 Seiten. ISBN 978-80-970553-1-8

</doc>
<doc id="19996071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996071" title="Azharuddin">
Azharuddin

Azharuddin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19996082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996082" title="The Book of Truth and Facts">
The Book of Truth and Facts

The Book of Truth and Facts (originally published as "Germans as Exponents of Culture") was originally released in 1914 by Friedrich Wilhelm von Frantzius. It was published during World War I and functioned as a piece of pro-German propaganda. The booklet was written in response to an article entitled “Germans as Exponents of Culture” penned by Brander Matthews, which appeared in the September 20, 1914 edition of the New York Times2.
Von Frantzius’s goal in writing the book was to “enlighten the American people on conditions, not only in Germany, but also in the United States and England, and to acquaint them with German ideals, which are so grossly misunderstood in this country .” The main argument is that Germans possess culture, or “Kultur,” that all other countries lack. He argues that “there is a great difference between ‘civilization’ and ‘Kultur.’ Many nations are highly civilized, but to have ‘Kultur’ means to possess deep conscience and high morale, and a philosophical conception of life."
Von Frantzius broke down the booklet into three themes: German Achievements, English Culture, and American Culture. He further elaborated on the German Achievements by specifying nine areas: Philosophy, Science, Art, Inventions, Discoveries, Finance, Commerce, Administration, and Legislation. Three deeply resonating themes occur throughout the piece: German superiority, British inferiority, and American dependence.
Von Frantzius argued that the German people, through the achievements of their culture, have gained a superior status to that of the English. He claims that Germans within the last eighty years have the greatest inventions, educational structures, artistically creative minds, and developments in scientific research and discoveries. He asserts that these achievements “signify the greatest process in culture ever made by any nation within any such brief space of time”. He uses these arguments to enforce the idea of German superiority and English inferiority. Because of the lack of sustaining culture within American society, von Frantzius maintains that Americans were led into a state of dependence on the British.
Von Frantzius stresses the American dependence on British culture during World War I. One of the most prevailing dependencies discussed is American reliance on English media. He describes the lack of German media within the American social structure, declaring “we really have no American press in the United States to-day, but an English one which is decidedly anti-German.” He explains that all other areas of American life are influenced greatly by the British and that Americans could benefit from a stronger influence of German “Kultur.”
References.
1. Von Frantzius, F. (1916). The book of truth and facts. Chicago: Fritz von Frantzius.
2. Matthews, B. (1914, September 20). Germans as exponents of culture. New York Times, p. 14.

</doc>
<doc id="19996110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996110" title="Musculoskeletal Tumor Surgery">
Musculoskeletal Tumor Surgery

Musculoskeletal Tumor Surgery (ISBN 9780443080920) is a widely cited book about bone and soft tissue tumors. The author is William F. Enneking, a tutor and leader in orthopedic oncology. It was first published by Churchill Livingstone in 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="19996125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996125" title="Sloan Privat">
Sloan Privat

Sloan Privat (born 24 July 1989 in Cayenne, French Guiana) is a French footballer who currently plays as a Striker for Juplier Pro League club KAA Gent.
Career.
Sochaux.
Privat began his career with FC Marmandais. In 2002, he attracted interest from professional club Sochaux. In 2005, the interest became concrete with the club offering him an "aspirant" (youth) contract. Privat arrived at the club's aspiring youth academy amongst a host of other youth talent. In 2007, he played on the Sochaux under-19 team, alongside Frédéric Duplus, Geoffrey Tulasne, and Vincent Nogueira, that won the Coupe Gambardella. On 22 September 2007, Privat made his professional debut in a 1–0 defeat to Bordeaux coming on as a late match substitute. The cameo appearance was his only one of the 2007–08 season.
For the 2008–09 season, Privat was given the first-team number 15 shirt. He made his first career start on 14 September 2008 against Lille. In the match, Privat scored his first goal for the club giving the team a 1–0 lead, however the match would end in a 1–1 draw. Privat signed his first professional contract on 12 December. His contract runs until 2012. Privat extended his deal further in August 2011 for 3 years, the deal will run until summer 2014.
Clermont Foot.
On 4 August 2010, Privat was loaned to Ligue 2 club Clermont for the entire 2010–11 Ligue 2 season. His arrival paid immediate dividends with the player netting 10 league goals in the first half of the campaign. Privat finished the Ligue 2 season at Clermont season with 20 goals in 36 matches.
KAA Gent.
On 26 August 2013 Privat signed a 4 year contract with Jupiler Pro League club KAA Gent. On 6 October 2013 he scored his first league goal in Belgium against Racing Genk.

</doc>
<doc id="19996161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996161" title="Johnny on the Run">
Johnny on the Run

Johnny on the Run is a 1953 adventure film directed by Lewis Gilbert.

</doc>
<doc id="19996174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996174" title="Circus (song)">
Circus (song)

"Circus" is a song recorded by American singer Britney Spears for her sixth studio album of the same name (2008). It was released on December 2, 2008, by Jive Records as the second single from the album. Written by Dr. Luke, Claude Kelly and Benny Blanco, "Circus" is a metaphor for the public's perception of Spears' life. After she listened to the track for the first time, she felt inspired to create an album and a tour with a circus theme. "Circus" is an uptempo dance-pop song with elements of pop rock and "half-rapped" vocals. The song's lyrics talk about being an entertainer and putting on shows.
"Circus" was very well received by contemporary critics, with reviewers complimenting Spears' confident persona, while praising its electronic production. "Circus" was a commercial success, peaking inside the top-ten in Australia, Canada, Denmark, New Zealand, and Sweden, while reaching top-twenty positions in many European countries. In the United States, "Circus" reached number three on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and number one on Pop Songs and is her second best-selling digital song in the country, having sold over 3 million copies. The track is among the best-selling singles of all time, having sold 5.5 million copies worldwide.
The music video, directed by Francis Lawrence, was released on December 4, 2008. It portrays Spears as the ringmaster of a circus accompanied by different performers, and it is interspersed with scenes of Spears in different circus settings. The video received positive reviews from critics, but was criticized by PETA for featuring "cruelly trained animals". However, the exhibitors denied these claims. Spears performed the song on "Good Morning America" on December 2, 2008. It was also the opening number of The Circus Starring Britney Spears (2009), where she was dressed in a ringleader outfit, designed to represent a metamorphosis. Spears didn't perform the song on the Femme Fatale Tour (2011), however she later performed the song on her residency concert .
Background.
"Circus" was written by Dr. Luke, Benny Blanco and Claude Kelly, while produced by Luke and Blanco. Luke and Kelly were initially commissioned to work on a new track for Spears, and entered the studio with no concept prepared, as Kelly explained, "just knowing her style and knowing what she does." After Luke came up with the music, they based the song on the public's perception of her life at the time. Spears explained that after listening to "Circus" for the first time, she felt inspired and imagined a story behind it. She also stated, "['Circus'] put the whole album together as far as what I wanted my show to be like. You can play with a circus in so many different ways". "Circus" was recorded at Conway Recording Studios and Chalice Recording Studios in Los Angeles, California, and at Glenwood Place Studio in Burbank, California. Background vocals were provided by Cathy Dennis, Kelly and Myah Marie. Main instrumentation was done by Luke and Blanco. The song was mixed by Serban Ghenea at MixStar Studios in Virginia. "Circus" was announced on October 31, 2008, as the second single from the album, and was officially serviced to American radio stations on December 2, 2008.
Music and lyrics.
"Circus" is an uptempo dance-pop and electropop song, with a stomp box beat and elements of pop rock. The song opens with the sound of a drum and builds until Spears starts singing, "There's only two types of people in the world/The ones that entertain and the ones that observe". Spears delivers confident and "half-rapped" vocals, with the verses having usage of synthesizers. Lyrically, the song talks about being an entertainer and putting on shows. She explains her emotions while performing in lines such as: "I feel the adrenaline moving through my veins / Spotlight on me and I'm ready to break". The chorus begins with an electronic sound, while she compares herself, as well as performing to being on the center of a circus ring. According to the sheet music published at Musicnotes.com by Alfred Publishing, "Circus" is composed in the key of F# minor with 120 beats per minute. Spears's vocal range spans from G#2 to D#5. Kelly commented that "Circus" was "a cool way to get people dancing and having fun", but also have a slight message.
Critical reception.
"Circus" was acclaimed by music critics. Nick Levine of Digital Spy described it as "a rampaging monster of a song whose chorus kicks off with a Max Martin-style and Timbaland thump". Popjustice praised the production of the song, compared it to "Break the Ice" and added, "there's a lot of stopping and starting, including a built-in MTV-style dance breakdown segment." Chris Williams of "Billboard" in its single review appreciated the song for surrounding Spears with "an electronic cyberpop landscape". In the album review, Ann Donahue of "Billboard" criticized the lyrics for rehashing the theme of fame and compared it to "Lucky" (2000) and "Piece of Me" (2007). Dave De Sylvia of Sputnikmusic said that while "Womanizer" sounded like a "Blackout" track, "Circus" is more reflective of the album’s general mood. Dan Cairns of "The Sunday Times" named it one of the standout tracks of the album, along with "If U Seek Amy" and "Mannequin". "Entertainment Weekly" writer Chris Willman noted that, despite the album being titled "Circus", the title track is "not about the madhouse her life has become but just a brag about her prowess as a whip-cracking sexual ringmaster."
Poppy Cosyns of "The Sun" said Spears "reaffirmher bad-girl image on the album's infectious second single", while BBC Music's Talia Kraines thought that the singer "loves the attention being shone directly on her as the 'ringleader' as she sings of adrenaline flowing through her veins when it's time to put on a show." Ben Norman of About.com considered the song a "true and triumphant Britney Spears pop song with a pensive underbelly (the first verse in particular) and a supremely executed hook." Jonny Mugwump of The Quietus said, "a paean to her performance adrenalin, ["Circus" is a medium-paced, big power-popper topped with an orbit-esque guitar," and commented that the song's lyrics highlight Spears' uniqueness – "the fuck you attitude. Despite everything, regardless of the personal destruction and undoubted hell she might still be haunted by, within the fictional space of the music, this woman couldn't give a damn. She rightly taunts the world around her, sounding utterly defiant. There is no place for apology or humble platitudes." John Murphy of musicOMH also praised its lyrics, describing them as "a confident, and encouraging, return to form." "Circus" was nominated at the 2009 Teen Choice Awards in the category of Choice Music: Single, but lost to Miley Cyrus's "The Climb".
Commercial performance.
On December 20, 2008, "Circus" debuted at number three on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 due to digital sales of over 212,000 units. It was her first top-ten debut on the chart. On the week of March 7, 2009, the song reached number one on the Pop Songs chart and number three on the Hot Dance Club Songs chart. As of May 2013, "Circus" has sold 3,045,928 paid digital downloads in the United States, according to Nielsen Soundscan. It is her second best-selling digital single in the country.
In Canada, the track debuted at number two based solely on digital downloads, being blocked from ascending to the top spot by Lady Gaga's "Poker Face". On December 8, 2008, "Circus" entered the Australian Singles Chart at number fifteen, becoming the "Highest Debut" of the week. On December 22, 2008, the song peaked at number six. It was certified platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) for sales over 70,000 units. In New Zealand, "Circus" peaked at number four, and was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of New Zealand (RIANZ) for selling over 7,500 copies. The song was also successful in Europe, peaking at number twenty two on the European Hot 100 Singles on March 21, 2009. "Circus" also reached the top ten in Sweden and the top twenty in Austria, Czech Republic, Finland, Norway, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom. According to The Official Charts Company, the song has sold 190,000 copies in the United Kingdom. It became the tenth best selling digital single of 2009, selling 5.5 million copies worldwide.
Music video.
Development and release.
The music video for "Circus" was filmed from October 28 to November 2, 2008 in Los Angeles, California. It was directed by Francis Lawrence, who previously worked with Spears on the music video for her 2001 single "I'm a Slave 4 U". Spears chose Lawrence, since he was the "only person who could capture it, make it really twisted, eccentric and different". On November 17, 2008, an exclusive three-second clip premiered during a promo for her documentary "". The video was set to be released on December 5, 2008 on "Entertainment Tonight", but it was moved at the last minute to December 4, 2008.
Synopsis.
The video begins with Spears at a vanity, putting Curious on and earrings by Bulgari. She is then seen holding a top hat in front of her face, while doves fly out of another hat. Spears starts singing in the vanity but stands up and puts on a ringmaster jacket. She walks through an aisle while dancing suggestively with several circus dancers. Throughout the video, there are interspersed scenes of different circus performers, including ribbon dancers, contortionists, clowns and a mime on stilts. There are also scenes of Spears singing with the top hat, wearing a nude body stocking in front of a red curtain, with a spotlight on her. This is followed by a group dance scene in the middle of a circus ring, where Spears wears the ringmaster jacket, sequined hot pants and a feathered top hat. In the second verse, she dances with a chair and a whip wearing a nude bra covered in leaves. The video continues with a series of intercut scenes, such as Spears in slow motion in front of a shower of sparks, her surrounded by a pair of lions and in front of an elephant. During the bridge, Spears and her dancers perform a routine in front of flames. In the last chorus, Spears returns to the circus ring, surrounded by two elephants, many more circus performers, dancers and fire breathers. The video ends with Spears in the spotlight, laughing with the top hat over her head.
Reception.
Davil Balls of Digital Spy described the music video as being "cheeky, seductive and more than a little bit ridiculous" and said that Spears "delivers some killer dance routines". Tim Stack of "Entertainment Weekly" compared the dance in the chair with the music video of "Stronger" and added that "best of all, she actually looks animated in this video and appears to be having fun". James Montgomery of MTV said that after watching the video "you are overcome with the sudden urge to go to the Big Apple Circus. Or pick up some Curious perfume. Or you know, possibly both". The music video won the category of Best Moves at the MTV Australia Awards 2009. It was also nominated for four VMAs at the 2009 awards in the categories of Best Art Direction, Best Choreography, Best Cinematography and Best Editing, but lost of all them. It was also nominated for Best Video in the MTV Europe Music Awards 2009, but lost to Beyoncé's "Single Ladies". The video won Best Video of 2009 in Fuse TV, making Spears the only artist to win two years in a row.
On December 9, 2008, animal rights organization People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) issued a press release condemning Spears for using "cruelly trained lions and elephants" and demanding her to "stop using exotic animals in her videos and concerts once and for all". Spears had previously received criticism from the organization when she used an albino python and a caged tiger during a performance of "I'm a Slave 4 U" at the 2001 MTV Video Music Awards. Kari Johnson from Have Trunk Will Travel responded, saying, "company has never issued a written endorsement, nor does it condone using electrical devices to discipline and control elephants except in situations where elephant or human safety is at risk. [...] The American Humane Association monitors animal action in film and television. A representative was on the set of the Britney Spears 'Circus' video with our elephants, Tai and Kitty, to ensure their safety and welfare [...] Britney, the director, producers and the entire crew were respectful of the elephants' needs and comfort and a pleasure to work with."
Live performances.
"Circus" was performed on December 2, 2008 at American morning talk show "Good Morning America", along with "Womanizer". She wore a midriff-baring shirt, leather pants, a ringmaster jacket and a top hat. "Circus" was a major part on The Circus Starring Britney Spears (2009), as the opening number of the show. The costumes of the performance were selected to show a metamorphosis. The show began with a video introduction featuring Perez Hilton as Queen Elizabeth I, welcoming the audience to the circus. In the middle of the video, the cylinder screen surrounding the stage started to rise, while Spears appeared on the video and shot Hilton with a crossbow, causing him to fall backwards onto the floor. As the video ended, Spears started to descend from the ceiling on a suspended platform, wearing a cheetah headdress, a ringmaster jacket, black shorts, high-heeled boots and carrying a whip. The headdress represented an animal. When she reached the stage, she took it off to represent both a ringmaster and a lion tamer and "Circus" started. It featured acrobats taking the stage and spinning on giant rings in the air. The performance ended with Spears taking off her ringleader jacket to reveal a Swarovski-crystal corset, representing a slave. She then ran into the center of the main stage, surrounded by jets of smoke, to enter a golden cage and perform "Piece of Me". "People" writer Chuck Arnold wrote that Spears, "descending from above in a red ringmaster-meets-dominatrix outfit" to sing the song, "showed that her body was tight, even if her dancing always wasn't." James Montgomery of MTV considered both "Circus" and "Radar" performances "great".

</doc>
<doc id="19996192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996192" title="Yes Sir (Capone-N-Noreaga song)">
Yes Sir (Capone-N-Noreaga song)

"Yes Sir" is the single from Capone-N-Noreaga. It was to appear at the album 'The New Religion' which was shelved by Def Jam. The mixtape "What Up 2 Da Hood" features it at number 3. "Yes Sir" also appeared as a soundtrack in the video game, "Def Jam Fight for NY". The song features Musaliny-N-Maze.
Video.
The video was shot in downtown of New York. It begins with the scene of a traffic jam. Then a big mob of gangsters emerges from the bus and crashes a party. CNN, Musaliny and Maze are rapping their verses. At the end the police arrive and arrest all of them.

</doc>
<doc id="19996260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996260" title="Manasses">
Manasses

Manasses is the Greek and Latin form of Manasseh. Manasses may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19996262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996262" title="Gordon Wright">
Gordon Wright

Gordon Wright may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19996265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996265" title="Tsinghua Bamboo Slips">
Tsinghua Bamboo Slips

The Tsinghua Bamboo Slips () are a collection of Chinese texts dating to the Warring States period and written in ink on strips of bamboo, that were acquired in 2008 by Tsinghua University, China. The texts originated through illegal excavation, probably of a tomb in the area of Hubei or Hunan province, and were acquired and donated to the university by an alumnus. The very large size of the collection and the significance of the texts for scholarship make it one of the most important discoveries of early Chinese texts ever.
On 7 January 2014 the journal "Nature" announced that some Tsinghua Bamboo Slips represent "the world's oldest example" of a decimal multiplication table.
Discovery, conservation and publication.
The "Tsinghua Bamboo Slips" (TBS), were deposited at Tsinghua University in July 2008 by a donor, an alumnus of the university. The precise location(s) and date(s) of the illicit excavation that yielded the slips remain unknown. An article in the "Guangming Daily" named the donor as Zhao Weiguo (赵伟国), stating that the texts were bought at "a foreign auction", but without naming either an auction house, a location or a sum. The director of the conservation and research project, Prof. Li Xueqin, has stated that the wishes of the alumnus to conceal his identity will be respected.
Similarities with previous discoveries, such as the manuscripts from the Guodian tomb, indicate that the TBS came from a mid-to-late Warring States Period (480–221BC) tomb in the region of China culturally dominated at that time by the Chu state. A single radiocarbon date (305±30BC) and the style of ornament on the accompanying box are in keeping with this conclusion. By the time they had reached the university, the slips were badly afflicted with mold. Conservation work on the slips was carried out, and a Center for Excavated Texts Research and Preservation was established at Tsinghua on April 25, 2009. There are 2388 slips altogether in the collection, including a number of fragments.
A series of articles discussing the TBS, intended for an educated but non-specialist Chinese audience, appeared in the Guangming Daily during late 2008 and 2009. The first volume of texts (photographic reproductions, transcriptions, and commentary) was published by the Tsinghua team in 2010.
A 2013 article in "The New York Times" reported on the TBS's importance to understanding the Chinese classics. Sarah Allan, a sinologist at Dartmouth College, stressed the significance of the circa 305 BC date when the bamboo manuscripts were buried, about 100 years before Qin Shi Huang conducted a "literary holocaust" with the (213–210 BC) burning of books and burying of scholars. By predating that textual censorship, Professor Allan said: "These manuscripts speak directly to the core issues of the Chinese intellectual tradition and were recorded at the height of the formative period." "The classics are all political", said Li Xueqin, "It would be like finding the original Bible or the 'original' classics. It enables us to look at the classics before they were turned into 'classics.' The questions now include, what were they in the beginning, and how did they become what they became?"
The texts.
Several of the TBS texts are similar to the received "Shang Shu", a miscellany of documents from various dates in the first millennium BC that were transmitted as a canonical collection since the Han dynasty. In some cases a TBS text can be found in the received Shang Shu, with only variations in wording, title or orthography. Such examples include versions of the "Jin Teng" (金滕), "Kang Gao" (康誥) and "Gu Ming" (顧命) chapters of the "Shang Shu". The majority of "Shang Shu"-style TBS texts, however, are not found in the received "Shang Shu", either having been "lost" in the process of transmission, or else never having been incorporated into the canonical collection.
An annalistic history (編年體史書) recording events from the beginning of the Western Zhou (mid-11th century BC) through to the early Warring States period (mid-5th century) is said to be similar in form and content to the received "Bamboo Annals".
Another text running across 14 slips recounts a celebratory gathering of the Zhou elite in the 8th year of the reign of King Wu of Zhou, prior to their conquest of the Shang dynasty. The gathering takes place in the ancestral temple to King Wen of Zhou, King Wu's father, and incorporates beer drinking and the recitation of hymns in the style of the received Shi Jing.
The Admonition of Protection.
Among the TBS texts in the style of the received "Shang Shu", is one that has been titled "The Admonition of Protection" ("Bao Xun" 保訓). This was the first text for which anything approaching a complete description and transcription was published. The text purports to be a record of a deathbed admonition by the Zhou king Wen Wang to his son and heir, Wu Wang. Although the team working on the text refers to it as "The Admonition of Protection" (or "Protector's Admonition", 保训), their transcription of the text refers to a "Precious Admonition" (Bao Xun) and that may be the more appropriate editorial title.
The content of the king's speech revolves around a concept of The Middle (Zhong 中) which seems to refer to an avoidance of extremes and an ability to consider diverse points of view. The king narrates a story of the sage-king Shun acquiring The Middle by living a modest, thoughtful life, and a more puzzling second tale which describes the Shang ancestor Wei (微) "borrowing The Middle from the River."
Xinian.
"Xinian" 繫年 (系年), probably composed ca. 370 BC, relates about the key events of the Zhou history. It comprises 138 slips of relatively well preserved condition. Among the contained information, an account of the origin of Qin from the supporters of Shang dynasty who opposed to the Zhou conquest.
Decimal multiplication table.
Twenty-one bamboo slips, when assembled in the correct order, represent a multiplication table for numbers up to 99.5. Joseph Dauben from the City University of New York called it "the earliest artefact of a decimal multiplication table in the world". According to Guo Shuchun, director of the Chinese Society of the History of Mathematics, those slips filled a historical gap for mathematical documents prior to the Qin Dynasty. It is presumed that officials used the multiplication table to calculate land surface area, yields of crops and the amounts of taxes owed.

</doc>
<doc id="19996284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996284" title="Live Ballads">
Live Ballads

Live Ballads is the first live CD or video album, and eleventh album overall by popular Greek singer Sakis Rouvas, released in Greece and Cyprus on 27 April 2006 by Minos EMI. The concert was recorded on 14 February 2006 as a special Valentine's Day performance called "Sakis For Valentines". Sakis sang only love oriented ballads in both Greek and English from his large repertoire and covers of other artists. The concert was much more intimate than his common large-scale performances and was held at the Athens College auditorium where Rouvas performed especially for the students as a "thank you" to his young fans, often being called "The Singer of Youth".
Live Ballads: Special Edition.
The special edition comes repackaged in a 10"×12.5" gift box, featuring a bonus DVD of the performance and a high-quality photo book showcasing images from the concert.

</doc>
<doc id="19996288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996288" title="F. King Alexander">
F. King Alexander

Fieldon King Alexander is the president of the LSU system and chancellor of Louisiana State University and A&M College and former president of California State University, Long Beach and of Murray State University. 
Early life and career.
He received a PhD in higher education administration from the University of Wisconsin–Madison, a master's degree in educational studies/comparative education policy from the University of Oxford, and a bachelor's degree in political science from St. Lawrence University. At St. Lawrence, he was a member of the men's basketball team, and at Cal State Long Beach he was occasionally seen on campus in pickup games with students.
University presidencies.
Murray State University.
Alexander was the president of Murray State University in Kentucky from 2001 to 2005, his predecessor being his father Kern Alexander. 
California State University, Long Beach.
F. King Alexander was appointed as the sixth president of California State University, Long Beach. Alexander on January 9, 2006. During his time at CSULB, a new $70 million Student Recreation Wellness Center was completed along with a $110 million Hall of Science building. The Hall of Science building was the largest capital building project in the history of the CSULB campus and most expensive building project in the CSU system. Enrollment at CSULB was 34,500 when Alexander took office, and it increased by more than 2,000 students by 2012. On May 15, 2013, the California Conference for Equality and Justice presented him with the Humanitarian Award.
Louisiana State University.
It was announced on March 27, 2013, that Alexander would become president of the LSU system and chancellor of Louisiana State University A&M effective July 1, 2013. There was some criticism over the way the Louisiana State University Board of Supervisors had conducted its search to fill the position of president of LSU after John V. Lombardi had been fired from it under alleged influence by Governor Bobby Jindal, Alexander was named the sole finalist for president of LSU. The decision was met with a unanimously negative vote of confidence by LSU's faculty senate against the LSU Board of Supervisors, but Board of Supervisors chair Hank Danos asserted that Alexander "was clearly the right guy for LSU." The Faculty Senate's vote of no confidence in Alexander's hiring noted that Alexander had never been a tenured full professor at a major research university and that the graduation rates at CSULB were lower than those at LSU.
Personal life.
Alexander's first wife, Elizabeth Williams Alexander, died of breast cancer in 2000. In 2006 he married Shenette (Campbell) Alexander.

</doc>
<doc id="19996292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996292" title="Workplace aggression">
Workplace aggression

Workplace aggression is a specific type of aggression, which occurs in the workplace. Workplace aggression can include a wide range of behaviors, ranging from verbal acts (e.g., spreading rumors) to physical attacks (e.g., assault/shin-kicking).
Definition.
Aggression, in general, is any behavior an individual carries out with the intent to harm another person or group of people. The aggressor must believe that their behavior is harmful to their target, and that the target is be motivated to avoid this behavior. A defining feature of aggression is the intent or motivation to harm. For a behavior to be considered an aggressive act, the individual committing the behavior must intend harm. In other words, if they inflict harm on another without that specific intent, it is not considered aggression.
Aggression can occur in a variety of situations. One important domain to understand aggression is in the workplace. Workplace aggression is considered a specific type of counterproductive work behavior (CWB) and is defined as "any act of aggression, physical assault, threatening or coercive behavior that causes physical or emotional harm in a work setting."
Some researchers specify that workplace aggression only includes efforts to harm coworkers, former coworkers, current employers, or past employers. Others include in workplace aggression any behaviors intended to harm another person that are enacted in a workplace.
Classification.
To delineate the range of behaviors that can be considered aggressive workplace behaviors, researchers have developed schemes of classification for workplace aggression. Neuman and Baron (1998) offer these three dimensions that encompass the range of workplace aggression:
In an attempt to further break down the wide range of aggressive workplace behaviors, Baron and Neuman (1996) also classify workplace aggression based on these three dichotomies:
Aggressive acts can take any possible combination of these three dichotomies. For example, failing to deny false rumors about a coworker would be classified as verbal–passive–indirect. Purposely avoiding the presence of a coworker you know is searching for your assistance could be considered physical–passive–direct.
Other researchers offer a classification system based on the aggressor's relationship to the victim.
Covert nature.
In the workplace much of the aggressive behavior enacted on targets are considered covert in nature. According to Bjorkqvist, Osterman, and Hjelt-Back, covert behaviors are those behaviors that are designed to disguise the aggressive behavior or aggressive intentions from the target. Overt aggression, on the other hand, includes behaviors that do not hide the aggressive intent and are open in their intentions. Typically, covert aggression is verbal, indirect, and passive in nature, while overt aggression reflects the physical, direct, and active side of the dichotomies.
Workplace aggression often takes the form of covert behaviors. This can be attributed to what Bjorkqvist, Osterman, and Lagerspetz call the effect/danger ratio. This term refers to the aggressors' subjective evaluation of the relative effects and danger of committing an aggressive act. For an aggressor, it is ideal to have a larger effect/danger ratio. In other words, aggressors want an act to have a large effect with relatively low risk of danger to themselves.
Individuals in the workplace are subjected to prolonged exposure to each other. This prolonged exposure means the victims of the aggressors' actions likely have more time to retaliate, thus increasing the danger aspect of the ratio. Also, workplaces are often communal in nature. That is, people often work in groups and are surrounded by others. The presence of others acts as a sort of built in audience that could "punish" the aggressor for harming a victim. It is for these reasons that individuals often choose covert forms of aggression.
Predictors (antecedents).
Predictors of workplace aggression can occur at both the organizational level and the individual level. The organizational factors examined here include organizational justice, supervision and surveillance, changes in the work environment, and specific job characteristics. At the individual level, gender, age, and alcohol consumption are examined here. While this is not a comprehensive listing of predictors, it does cover the majority of workplace aggression predictors addressed in the empirical literature.
Organizational (in)justice.
Perceived interpersonal justice, the degree to which people feel they are treated with fairness and respect, is negatively related to both psychological and physical aggression against supervisors. Inness, Barling, and Turner found similar results; perceived interpersonal injustice was related to workplace aggression in participants' primary and secondary jobs.
Moreover, perceived procedural justice, the extent to which formal organizational procedures are assumed fair, is related to workplace aggression against supervisors. Greenberg and Barling found that the greater the perceptions of procedural justice, the less workplace aggression was reported.
Supervision and surveillance.
Workplace surveillance (employee monitoring) is positively related to workplace aggression against supervisors, such that the greater the number of employee surveillance methods used, the greater the amount of workplace aggression. Furthermore, supervisory control over work performance has also been shown positively related to workplace aggression against supervisors.
Workplace changes.
Baron and Neuman found that certain changes in the work environment can lead to increased aggression that they attribute to heightened anxiety and stress. Specifically, pay cuts or freezes, changes in management, increased monitoring systems (e.g., increased computer monitoring), increased diversity, and the increased use of part-time employees all were related to higher levels of workplace aggression.
Job-specific characteristics.
Other antecedents of workplace aggression found in the literature are specific job characteristics. LeBlanc and Kelloway found that certain job features, such as handling guns or collecting valuable items, were significantly more related to workplace aggression.
Time spent at work.
Harvey and Keashly found that length of time at work was able to predict workplace aggression such that the longer hours a person worked, the more likely they were to report aggression. The authors attributed this finding to two possible reasons. First, the more hours worked, the greater statistical probability of being victimized. Second, longer hours worked could contribute to fatigue and frustration. This in turn may increase the likelihood of aggressive actions towards coworkers.
Gender.
Gender has been shown a significant predictor of workplace aggression. For example, being male is significantly related to reports of aggression against supervisors. Furthermore, males are more likely to commit aggressive acts in the presence of other men. This can be attributed to societal cultures that dictate "codes of honor." Females, on the other hand, are no more likely to act aggressively in either the presence of females or males.
Age.
Age is significantly related to aggression. In their study of age and job performance, Ng and Feldman found that older workers (age 40 or older) engaged in less workplace aggression than younger workers.
Alcohol consumption.
The frequency and amount of alcohol typically consumed by a person predicts aggressive behavior. Those who consume more alcohol more frequently are more likely to aggress against a coworker. The Hebei tractor rampage began as workplace aggression following alcohol consumption.
Outcomes.
Like the array of behaviors considered workplace aggression, the consequences of workplace aggression are also extensive. For example, Ng and Feldman suggest that "acts of workplace aggression can cause bodily harm to employees, pose physical danger for customers, create public relations crises, and harm the business reputation of the firm as a whole." The outcomes of workplace aggression addressed here include the health and well-being of targeted employees and job performance. Gender differences in outcomes are also addressed.
Health and well-being.
Workplace aggression can have devastating effects on an organization's employees. For example, it has been found that targets of workplace aggression report lower levels of well-being. Other studies have shown that aggression in the workplace can cause the victims of such behaviors to suffer from health problems. Bjorkqvist, Osterman, and Hjelt-Back even found that targets exhibited symptoms similar to those of post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), such as anxiety and depression. Sorensen et al. found possible associations between harassment at work and well-being measures of lower back pain and sleep deficiency among a sample of hospital workers.
Team performance.
Research has looked at the negative impacts of workplace aggression on team performance and particularly team effectiveness as was evidenced in a recent study by Aube and Rousseau. 
Job satisfaction.
Victims of workplace aggression may suffer from reduced job satisfaction. Lapierre, Spector, and Leck found that those who perceived being targets of workplace aggression reported significantly lower overall job satisfaction. Similarly, those who perceive abuse from their supervisors report lower levels of job satisfaction.
Gender differences in outcomes.
Research has shown that males and females react differently to workplace aggression. While both males and females have reported lower well-being after experiencing aggression in the workplace, studies indicate that the relationship between experienced workplace aggression and decreased well-being was stronger for men. In one study, results showed that men who reported more experienced work aggression were more likely to report physical, psychosocial, affective, and cognitive problems. This study also showed that the type of aggression, whether it is overt or covert, did not matter for these outcomes. The study attributes these findings to the idea of modern day masculinity, which stresses achievement and success in the workplace.
Prevention.
Prevention programs focus on reducing instances of workplace aggression. Programs that incorporate personnel selection, organizational sanctions, and training are recommended.
Personnel selection.
Based on a workplace prevention program developed by the United States Postal Service (USPS), Neuman and Baron encourage organizations to use personnel screening and testing to identify potential employees who are likely to behave aggressively before they are even hired. This proactive strategy prevents individuals who are predisposed to aggress from even entering the workplace.
Organizational sanctions.
Explicit policies regarding workplace aggression may help organizations to reduce aggression. Employees who perceived that their organization would punish workplace aggressors reported less workplace aggression even when their perceptions of interpersonal justice were high. Neuman and Baron also suggest using organizational policies to curb workplace aggression and to shape strong anti-aggressive organizational norms.
Training.
Training is also an important part of a prevention program. Neuman and Baron suggest that training for both supervisors and subordinates should focus on teaching employees methods for dealing with aggression. Similarly, Rai advises that appropriate training should inform employees that management takes threats seriously, encourage employees to report incidents, and demonstrate management's commitment to deal with reported incidents.

</doc>
<doc id="19996296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996296" title="Robert Henry Newell">
Robert Henry Newell

Robert Henry Newell (December 13, 1836– July 1901) was a popular 19th century American humorist. 
During the U.S. Civil War, Newell wrote a series of satirical articles using the pseudonym Orpheus C. Kerr, commenting on the war and contemporary society. His articles appeared weekly in the New York "Sunday Mercury", where he was the literary editor until 1862, and were published in a series of books. Among other newspapers he worked at, from 1869-74 he wrote for the "New York World". From ~1862-65, he was married to famous actress Adah Isaacs Menken.
The name "Orpheus C. Kerr" was a play on the term "office seeker". At the time, political offices were seen as plums, involving relatively little work and regular pay, and were used by political parties as rewards for faithful party workers. 
During the war, "The Orpheus C. Kerr Papers" was widely read and Newell enjoyed great popularity. He was one of the favorite humorists of Abraham Lincoln. When General Montgomery C. Meigs admitted that he had never heard of Orpheus C. Kerr or his "Papers", Lincoln responded, “anyone who has not read them is a heathen.”

</doc>
<doc id="19996365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996365" title="Disappearance of Brandon Crisp">
Disappearance of Brandon Crisp

Brandon Emmett Crisp (January 18, 1993 – c. October 13, 2008) was a teenage Canadian boy who disappeared on October 13, 2008, when he ran away from his home in Barrie, Ontario, Canada after his parents took away his Xbox 360 due to failing grades and excessive play of "". He was last seen alive on a nearby trail.
His body was found at the base of a tree in an overgrown area on November 5, a few kilometres away, by a party of hunters. An autopsy determined that he likely died of injuries due to a fall from a tree.
Disappearance.
On October 13, 2008, Brandon was involved in an argument with his parents over what his parents described as obsessive playing of the video game "" on his Xbox 360, after they took the system away. Brandon filled a yellow and grey backpack with clothes and left home riding his bicycle. His parents allowed him to leave and expected "he would be home later that day with his tail between his legs".
According to police, two witnesses claimed to have last seen him on a trail near Shanty Bay, Ontario. The first reported that he had seen him having mechanical trouble with his bicycle on the trail. The second witness reported seeing Brandon later walking along the trail further east, but due to communications mix-ups this information was not passed along to searchers until the end of October. Brandon's missing person file was flagged nationally by the Canadian Police Information Centre.
Brandon's parents reported him to Barrie Police Service as missing on the morning of October 14. Police began their search October 18, using heat-sensitive cameras and officers with the K-9 unit. On October 20, police located his mountain bike, which had originally been abandoned near where he was last witnessed.
Concerned members of the public organised their own search parties, at times consisting of over sixteen hundred individuals, some from areas as far away as London, Ontario.
On October 27, Microsoft announced that they would be adding C$25,000 of matching funds to the reward already offered by a local newspaper and the Crisps' Internet service provider, bringing the total reward to $50,000. As the ground searches were progressing, there was also speculation that Brandon had been lured by a fellow Xbox Live player, despite there being no evidence for this; Microsoft offered assistance to the police effort by helping to identify players on Brandon's online friends list.
Death.
Police ended the ground search for Brandon on October 30, 2008, but made clear that the investigation was on-going and continuing around-the-clock. One week later, on November 5, hunters discovered Brandon's body in an overgrown area near what had been the police search area. An autopsy confirmed the identity of the teen via dental records and determined the cause of death to be "injuries to the chest area that are consistent with a fall from a tree". Barrie Police noted that no foul play was suspected, and that the investigation was ongoing to determine an exact timeline. Though a police spokesman stated "We're doing the best to come up with the answers everybody wants", no further details or updates have been released to the public.
Media coverage and response.
Within a week of Brandon Crisp's disappearance the case received significant media coverage throughout Ontario. Toronto-based outlets such as "The Toronto Star", Citytv, CP24, and others covered the story, and national outlets such as the "National Post", CTV and CBC soon picked it up as well. A Facebook page started by Brandon's classmates at St. Joseph's Catholic High School in Barrie, titled "Where is Brandon Crisp", grew to almost 22,000 members by the time his body was found.
The news of the discovery of Brandon Crisp's body also made national news throughout Canada, with coverage on all major national TV networks and both Ontario and national newspapers. The Toronto Sun published it as the front page headline and picture on November 6, 2008. Thousands of people also flooded the Facebook group and other internet forums with expressions of grief and sympathy for the family.
The story generated Internet coverage from bloggers and others trying to help find Brandon, such as the creation of the now-defunct website findbrandoncrisp.com, discussions of the video game related issues, and discussions of how the tragedy emotionally affected the community, police involved, and even strangers.
The report of Brandon's death also generated an amount of anonymous internet trolling, with many messages and photos posted to the Facebook group that most group members and friends found to be upsetting and disturbing, resulting in the group being shut down; an example of what Mattathias Schwartz of "The New York Times" has called "Malwebolence".
Brandon Crisp was laid to rest in Barrie on November 14, 2008, in a service attended by over 1700 fellow students, friends, family, and community members. National media covered the service, featured as the lead-item on most Ontario newscasts. The Crisp family has created the "Brandon Crisp Endowment Fund", working with Canadian Tire's JumpStart charity program for assisting families in financial need to participate in minor sports and recreational activities. By October 2009 over $140,000 has been raised.
Brandon's story continues to be referenced in discussions about video game addiction and influence, with debate about whether Brandon's obsession with the "Call of Duty" actually was a contributing factor to his death, or whether this case was just a tragedy that began with an ordinary teen-parent argument.
On March 6, 2009, the CBC's national news program "The Fifth Estate" aired an hour-long report on video game addiction and the Brandon Crisp story, titled ""Top Gun"", subtitled ""When a video gaming obsession turns to addiction and tragedy"". The program had sent a team to Barrie to interview Brandon's parents and friends before Brandon's body had been found, and those segments were combined with interviews of gaming industry representatives and others. While the program did acknowledge that video gaming was not directly responsible for Brandon's death, many journalists and bloggers felt that the program was not balanced and fair, singling out the video game industry and focusing less on the need for parents to educate themselves about video games. Columnist Steve Tilley of the "Toronto Sun" newspaper called the report "Lazy, cheap and disappointingly one-sided", though he does admit that the report succeeds "in exploring why Brandon Crisp might have become so addicted to "Call Of Duty 4"".

</doc>
<doc id="19996382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996382" title="Red counties and blue counties">
Red counties and blue counties

Red counties and blue counties are counties of the United States whose residents predominantly and consistently vote for the Republican Party or the Democratic Party, respectively. These patterns are seen in local, state, United States House of Representatives, U.S. Senate, and U.S. Presidential elections. This term may also be used to describe the political representation of a county by county commissioners, state representatives, and state senators. Degrees between highly "red" and "blue" states are sometimes represented by intermediary hues, with states that do not have a clear political preference being represented as "purple".
Examining political preferences at the county level gives a different perspective than the more widely used analysis at the state level. It is more likely to show differences based on the urban or rural make-up of various counties, rather than a state's regional location in the country.
Blue counties.
Examples of blue counties nationwide:
Red counties.
Examples of red counties nationwide:

</doc>
<doc id="19996392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996392" title="Peter Forakis">
Peter Forakis

Peter Forakis (born September 22, 1927, in Hanna, Wyoming, died November 26, 2009 in Petaluma, California) was an American artist known as an abstract geometric sculptor. The son of a Greek immigrant, he grew up on the Wyoming prairie until the age of 10 when his family moved to Oakland, California. Eventually they settled in Modesto, California. Forakis was in the Merchant Marines from 1945-50. He served in the US. Military in Korea and Japan from 1951-53. He earned his B.F.A. at the California School of Fine Arts (San Francisco Art Institute) in 1957.
Art.
In 1958 Forakis moved to New York City. It was during this time in New York in the late 1950s-1960s that Forakis emerged as a prominent member of the art world, and, along with artists Mark di Suvero, Ed Ruda, Dean Fleming, Robert Grosvenor, Anthony Magar, Tamara Melcher, Forrest “Frosty” Myers, David Novros and Leo Valledor, he founded the Park Place Gallery (1963–67), a unique artists’ co-op space. Park Place became the prototype for experimental art spaces of the 1970s. 
Forakis was a ceaseless experimenter and was conducting his own research during the Park Place Gallery time period. Although he began as a painter, his paintings became sculpture. His work quickly evolved in a 3-dimensional direction, with a seminal series of “3D paintings” (1959–62) consisting of brightly painted abstract constructions made from mostly found timber which literally “came off the wall.” Sadly, few of these works remain.
Forakis became fascinated by geometry and his focus became sculptural. San Francisco Chronicle Art critic Kenneth Baker credits Forakis as the “originator of geometry-based sculpture from the 60s”. In an article by Joanne Dickson titled “Profile: Peter Forakis” in the Winter 1981 edition of "Ocular Magazine" Forakis said, “Geometry…is a natural law that exists not only in my thinking and my blood, bones, and marrow, but in the universe and all its matter.” 
Forakis embarked on his lifelong exploration of the cube and hypercube along with Four-Dimensional theories. Since the late 1950s Peter Forakis has been a prolific producer of sculpture based on geometric shapes such as cubes, spheres, octahedrons and rhomboids. Some of his best known pieces include "Daedules & Icarus" (1963), "Magic Box" (1966) and "Hyper Cube",1967 (Walker Art Center).
In 1967 Forakis received his first monumental scale commission. "Atlanta Gateway", one of the largest existing works of modern sculpture anywhere measuring 100 feet by 200 feet by 100 feet of tubular steel, spans a major traffic artery in Atlanta, Georgia’s Southwest Industrial Park. 
By the early 1970s Forakis had begun experimenting with his “slots” technique, one of his signature achievements notable both as a unique language of examining geometry and for fabricating large scale works in steel without welding. Cutting slots into steel and sliding sheets together allowed large sculptures to be assembled using only gravity and the weight of the material. "Archimedes Cube", (series, beginning in 1968) a signature piece for Forakis, has no welds, only slots. Of his monumental slotted sculptures are "Sokar: the Egyptian Key" (1974), and "Jack London" (1982) owned by the Oakland Museum and located in the Oakland Estuary, Oakland, California.
He exhibited his work in major sculpture exhibitions in museums including the Los Angeles County Museum of Art (LACMA) 1967 "American Sculpture of the Sixties" exhibition. His work has been seen on both coasts, across the US, and in Europe and Asia. He also won numerous grants.
Public collections.
Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden, Smithsonian, Washington, DC.;
Dartmouth College, New Hampshire
Hartwood Acres Art Center, Allegheny, Pennsylvania;
University of Kentucky Art Museum;
Oakland Museum, Oakland, California;
Berkeley Art Museum, Berkeley, California;
San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, San Francisco, California;
Denver Art Museum, Denver, Colorado;
Fort Wayne Museum, Fort Wayne, Indiana;
Interland Executive Park, Walnut Creek, California;
Stamford Museum and Nature Center, Stamford, Connecticut;
Walker Art Center, Minneapolis, Minnesota

</doc>
<doc id="19996418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996418" title="Raja Babu (actor)">
Raja Babu (actor)

Raja Babu (born Punyamurthula Appalaraju) (Telugu: పుణ్యమూర్తుల అప్పలరాజు) (20 October 1937 – 7 February 1983) was an Indian actor and producer in Telugu cinema.
He is one of the most successful comedy actors of Tollywood. He played many roles with actress Rama Prabha.
Rajababu's 9 ft bronze statue was unveiled in his birthplace of Rajahmundry, in the state of Andhra Pradesh, India.
Early life.
He was born in Rajamundry, East Godavari District, Andhra Pradesh to Punyamurthula Umamaheswara Rao and Ramanamma as Appala Raju. His brothers are also noted comedians, Chitti Babu (Telugu actor) and Ananth Babu. He passed out Intermediate study and successfully completed Teacher training course. He worked sometime as Telugu teacher. He used to play in dramas during that period like "Kukka Pilla Dorikindi", "Naalugilla Chaavadi" and "Alluri Sitarama Raju".
Career.
Garikapati Raja Rao invited Babu after seeing his acting skills in dramas. Babu reached Madras in 1960 and initially lived on tuitions. Film Director Addala Narayana Rao gave him a chance to act in his film "Samajam" in 1960. Babu was known for his slapstick comedy roles. He acted in record 589 movies in less than 20 years.
He has acted as hero in Tata Manavadu, "Pichodi Pelli", "Thirupathi", "Evariki Vare Yamuna Teere", "Manishi Rodduna Paddadu". Leela Rani, Prasanna Rani, Gitanjali and Rama Prabha played with him as his female counterparts. But it was Ramaprabha who had a major share in his career playing opposite him and they were considered as the best comedy couple. The Comedy song "Vinara Suramma Kooturu Moguda Vishayam Chebutanu" featured on the duo in the film "Illu Illalu" went on to become the highlight of the entire film and heard everywhere.
He portrayed the lead role of Giri, grandson (Manavadu) in the film "Tata Manavadu" directed by Dasari Narayana Rao and teaches a lesson to his father. The cast included S. V. Ranga Rao and Anjali Devi. 
He produced a few films under Bob and Bob Productions, including "Evariki Vaare Yamuna Teeru" and "Manishi Rodduna Paddadu".
Personal life.
Raja Babu married Lakshmi Ammalu in 1965 and they have two children Nagendra Babu and Mahesh Babu. He has two brother's Chitti Babu and Ananth Punyamurthula, who are film actors and television artists.

</doc>
<doc id="19996461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996461" title="The Best of Sophie B. Hawkins (2003 album)">
The Best of Sophie B. Hawkins (2003 album)

The Best of Sophie B. Hawkins is a 2003 compilation album by Sophie B. Hawkins. It was released exclusively in the United States, and contains much of the same tracks as the previous year's compilation of the same name, which was released internationally. Instead, this album replaces single "Don't Don't Tell Me No", The Band cover "The Night They Drove Old Dixie Down" and "We Are One Body" from the previous album for "Whaler" track "Swing from Limb to Limb (My Home Is in Your Jungle)", the Butcher mix of "As I Lay Me Down" and another single from "Tongues and Tails", "Mysteries We Understand". This album has also been issued with the title "Essential Sophie B. Hawkins".
The album was followed by yet another compilation, strangely released within the same year and titled after Hawkins' first single, "Damn I Wish I Was Your Lover". It collects tracks from the singer's first two albums.
Track listing.
All songs written by Sophie B. Hawkins, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="19996534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996534" title="Sita Bibaha">
Sita Bibaha

Seeta Bibaha (1934) ()was the first Oriya film directed by Mohan Sundar Deb Goswami; it presented the marriage of Lord Rama to Sita, based on the epic story Ramayana. The film starred Makhanlal Bannerjee, Mohan Sundar Deb Goswami, Krishnachandra Singh, and Prabhavati. It premiered April 28, 1936 at the "Laxmi Talkies" of Puri. "Sita Bibaha" was the first complete Oriya film and an important part of the struggle for a manifestation of Oriya cultural identity in celluloid form. The film was a commercial success. The two-hour movie was subsequently released at "Cinema Palace" in Cuttack. It also drew numerous crowds at several touring assignments such as the "Radhakishen Chamelia Touring Cinema". The second Oriya film was produced in 1949.
Production.
The film was sponsored by the Calcutta-based Kali Film Studio and cost Rs. Thirty thousand(30,000).
Mohan Sundar as the producer then had to seek loans to pay the artists. According to the vouchers signed by the artists, Makhanlal (Ram) had received Rs 120 on 30 October 1935. Adaita Ballabha Mohanty (Laxman) was paid just Rs 35 as a conveyance fee. Actress Miss Prabhabati (Sita) received the highest among the lot, Rs 150.
The total expenditure incurred to make the first commercial movie in the history of Odisha was Rs 29,781 and 10 anna. The picture was subjected to Bengal Board of Film Certificate and the police commissioner of Lal Bazaar awarded it the censor certificate.
Performance.
The performance of Narasingha Nandasharma as the boatman as well as Makhanlal Banerjee as Sri Ram were well received. Fourteen songs encapsulated in the movie amidst mythological interpretations were written by Mohan Sundar and Nandasharma. All singers for the movie were from Orissa and Mohan Sundar maintained traditional music of the land in the cinema. The settings of the songs and dances were carefully chosen.
Rishi Biswamitra arrives at the court of King Dasharatha to seek help of Ram and Laxman to combat the Asuras. A group song envelopes the durbar. Both the princes follow Biswamitra to an Ashram where a jagnya is underway. Tadaka and Subahu who then arrive to disrupt have to face the wrath of Ram. Tadaka dies while Subahu flees. A contented Biswamitra then welcomes the brother duo to Rishi Goutam's Ashram. A major welcome song is then played in the cinema: "Ei je Ashrama Dekhuchha Sr Ram, Ei je banabaasa."
Post welcome, another song is sung in praise of Ram, "Debanka Tarane, Danuja Marane." Among other songs in the film are "Apurba Kumari Tripura Sundari" as an ode to Janaki's beauty. Miss Prava in role of Sita, likewise, sings ""Kali dekhithili madhura chaliki" which is jovially joined in by Sita's Sakhis who sing "Kahniki go priya sakhi?"
It was the arrival of the first complete Oriya film. And it was a commercial success too. The two-hour long movie was released in Lakshmi Theatre, Puri and subsequently at Cinema Palace in Cuttack. It also brought in numerous crowds at several touring assignments like the ones conducted by "Radhakishen Chamelia Touring Cinema". The second Oriya film was produced in 1949.

</doc>
<doc id="19996560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996560" title="Zhang Yi (Tang Dynasty)">
Zhang Yi (Tang Dynasty)

Zhang Yi (張鎰) (died November 8, 783), courtesy names Jiquan (季權) and Gongdu (公度), was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, briefly serving as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Dezong.
Background.
It is not known when Zhang Yi was born, but it is known that his family was from Su Prefecture (蘇州, in modern Suzhou, Jiangsu). His family traced its ancestry to officials of the Spring and Autumn Period state Jin, the Warring States period state Han, Han Dynasty, Southern Qi, Liang Dynasty, Sui Dynasty, and Tang Dynasty. His great-great-grandfather Zhang Houyin (張後胤) was a principal of the imperial university early in Tang and carried the title of Duke of Xinye. His grandfather Zhang Lüshi (張律師) served as an advisor to an imperial prince. His grandfather Zhang Yifang (張義方) served as a prefectural prefect. His father Zhang Qiqiu (張齊丘) was a military governor ("Jiedushi") of Shuofang Circuit (朔方, headquartered in modern Yinchuan, Ningxia).
During Emperors Suzong's and Daizong's reigns.
Due to Zhang Yi's father Zhang Qiqiu's status, he was made an officer of the imperial guards early in his career. When the major general Guo Ziyi served as the deputy supreme commander of armed forces in the Guannei Region (關內, i.e., the region around the capital Chang'an), because Guo had previously served under Zhang Qiqiu, he invited Zhang Yi to serve as his secretary. He later served as "Dali Pingshi" (大理評事), a judge at the supreme court, and then as "Dianzhong Shiyushi" (殿中侍御史), an imperial censor. During Emperor Suzong's "Qianyuan" era (758-760), there was an incident when a county magistrate, Lu Cong (盧樅), rebuked his subordinate Qi Lingshen (齊令詵), and Qi, as payback, made false accusations against Lu. Zhang was put in charge of the investigation against Lu, and he suggested that Lu be demoted — but after he made his reports to his superiors, they decided that Lu should be executed by caning. Zhang, believing this to be unjust, put on his official uniform and told his mother:
Zhang's mother responded: "If you are doing the right thing, then I will not worry." Zhang thus submitted a petition in Lu's defense, and Lu was not executed but exiled. Zhang himself was demoted to be the census officer of Fu Prefecture (撫州, in modern Fuzhou, Jiangxi). He was later made the magistrate of Jinling County (晉陵, in modern Changzhou, Jiangsu), but before he could report to Jinling, Zhang Gao, the governor of Jiangnan West Circuit (江南西道, headquartered in modern Nanchang, Jiangxi), invited him to serve as a secretary. Zhang Yi later was recalled to Chang'an, and he successively served as "Tuntian Yuanwailang" (屯田員外郎), a low-level official at the ministry of public works (工部, "Gongbu"); "Cibu Yuanwailang" (祠部員外郎), a low-level official at the ministry of rites (禮部, "Lǐbu"); and "Yousi Yuanwailang" (右司員外郎), an assistant to one of the secretaries general of the executive bureau of government (尚書省, "Shangshu Sheng"). When his mother died, he observed a period of mourning for her, and after the mourning period was over, he was made "Sixun Yuanwailang" (司勳員外郎), a low-level official at the ministry of civil service affairs (吏部, "Lìbu", note different tone than the ministry of rites). It was said that he chose his friends carefully and did not associate with many people, and was particularly friendly with Yang Guan and Cui Youfu.
In 770, during the reign of Emperor Suzong's son Emperor Daizong, Zhang Yi was made the prefect of Bo Prefecture (濠州, in modern Chuzhou, Anhui). It was said that he ruled the prefecture effectively, and he invited scholars to teach the students of the prefecture. During his term of service, as a result, over 40 people from the prefecture passed the imperial examinations. He also authored a number of commentaries on the Three Rites (i.e., the "Classic of Rites", the "Rites of Zhou", and the "Yili" "Etiquette and Rites"), the Five Classics, and the "Mencius". When the army officer Li Lingyao (李靈曜) rebelled at Biansong Circuit (汴宋, headquartered in modern Kaifeng, Henan) in 776, Zhang trained the militia and defended the prefecture carefully, drawing Emperor Daizong's praise. He was given the defender of the Huai River region (沿淮鎮守使, "Yanhuai Zhenshoushi"). He was soon made the prefect of Shou Prefecture (壽州, in modern Lu'an, Anhui), and continued to carry the title of defender of the Huai River Region.
During Emperor Dezong's reign.
Emperor Daizong died in 779 and was succeeded by his son Emperor Dezong. He made Zhang Yi the governor of Jiangnan West Circuit and the prefect of its capital Hong Prefecture (洪州). Later, he recalled Zhang to serve as the deputy minister of civil services affairs (吏部侍郎, "Libu Shilang"). He later made Zhang the governor of Hezhong Circuit (河中, headquartered in modern Yuncheng, Shanxi), but after just a few days made Zhang the military governor of Yongping Circuit (永平, headquartered in modern Kaifeng) instead. Claiming an illness, Zhang never reported to Yongping Circuit. He was allowed to return to Chang'an to recover from illness at his mansion. In 780, when the chancellor Yang Yan was removed from his post, Emperor Dezong made Zhang "Zhongshu Shilang" (中書侍郎), the deputy head of the legislative bureau (中書省, "Zhongshu Sheng"), and gave him the designation "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi" (同中書門下平章事), making him a chancellor "de facto".
Zhang Yi's chancellor colleague Lu Qi, however, was trusted by Emperor Dezong and was far more powerful than Zhang himself was. For example, later in the year, when Li Wei (李洧) the prefect of Xu Prefecture (徐州, in modern Xuzhou, Jiangsu), was ready to submit to imperial authority and turn against his relative, Li Na, who was resisting imperial authority and ruling Pinglu Circuit (平盧, headquartered in modern Tai'an, Shandong) independently after Emperor Dezong denied him permission to succeed his father Li Zhengji. Li Wei sent his assistant Cui Cheng (崔程) to Chang'an to report on Li Wei's submission and suggested that if Emperor Dezong publicly made him the governor of, in addition to Xu, two other prefectures nearby, that those prefectures would also follow his call to return to imperial authority. When Cui arrived at Chang'an, however, not understanding the power balance between the chancellors, he reported to Zhang rather than Lu. Even though Zhang relayed the report to Lu, Lu was still angered, and Li Wei's proposal was rejected. Subsequently, the imperial government was only able to recover Xu Prefecture.
In 782, Zhao Zong (趙縱), the minister of husbandry and a son-in-law to Guo Ziyi (who had died in 781), was accused by his own eunuch Dangqian (當千) of improprieties. Zhao was arrested and detained at the bureau of censors, while Emperor Dezong kept Dangqian as an imperial servant at the bureau of eunuchs. Zhang submitted a lengthy petition, pointing out that it was troubling that Zhang was being arrested based on accusation of a servant and that he was the third son-in-law of Guo's to be accused of crimes within a short period after Guo's death. As a result, Emperor Dezong only demoted Zhao and put Dangqian to death for betraying his master. Zhang took Dangqian's body and displayed it to all of the servants of the Guo household as a warning.
Zhang was respected by Emperor Dezong, and Lu became jealous of this, and he wanted to remove Zhang from his chancellor position. Later in 782, when Emperor Dezong removed Zhu Ci the military governor of Fengxiang Circuit (鳳翔, headquartered in modern Baoji, Shaanxi) from his post because Zhu Ci's brother Zhu Tao the acting military governor of Lulong Circuit (盧龍, headquartered in modern Beijing), had rebelled against imperial authority, Lu stated that due to Fengxiang's importance, Zhu Ci needed to be succeeded by a chancellor, and offered to take the position himself. When Emperor Dezong hesitated, Lu, who was ugly in appearance, immediately stated that he understood Emperor Dezong's hesitation that because of his ugliness he might not be able to gain the respect of the army, and requested that someone else be sent. Emperor Dezong thus made Zhang the military governor of Fengxiang Circuit and the mayor of Fengxiang Municipality, and Zhang continued to carry a chancellor designation as an honorary designation.
In 783, by Emperor Dezong's orders, Zhang and the Tufan chancellor Shang Jiezan (尚結贊) swore an oath of friendship between the two states. In the solemn ceremony, Zhang and six of his staff members — among whom were future chancellors Qi Ying, Qi Kang, and Yu Di — served as administrators of the oath on the Tang side, while Shang and six of key Tufan officials and generals served as administrators of the oath on the Tufan side. Zhang was, however, ashamed of having to swear an oath with someone that he saw as a barbarian, and he wanted to reduce the solemnity of the oath. Originally, the oath was to be accompanied by sacrifices of horses and cattle. Zhang requested that sheep, pigs, and dogs be substituted, but as pigs could not be found in the locale, at Shang's suggestion, goats were substituted instead.
It was said that while Zhang was serving as the military governor of Fengxiang, he was not well-acquainted with military matters, and spent much time on personal appearance. On November 2, 783, soldiers from Jingyuan Circuit (涇原, headquartered in modern Pingliang, Gansu), at Chang'an to await deployment to the east against warlords, mutinied when they did not receive rewards they felt they deserved. Emperor Dezong fled to Fengtian (奉天, in modern Xianyang, Shaanxi), but as Fengtian was a small city, considered further heading to Fengxiang. The soldiers supported Zhu Ci as their leader, and Zhu Ci initially postured that he would calm the people of Chang'an and then welcome Emperor Dezong back to Chang'an. Meanwhile, Zhang, hearing of the mutiny and of Emperor Dezong's considering visiting Fengxiang, began undertaking preparations for the emperor's arrival. Qi Ying and Qi Kang pointed out that one of the military officers, Li Chulin (李楚琳), was previously a subordinate of Zhu Ci's and would be difficult to control. Zhang thus issued an order that Li Chulin report to Long Prefecture (隴州, in modern Baoji). Li Chulin, giving excuses, did not report immediately, and Zhang, concentrating on welcoming the emperor, never followed up on whether Li Chulin left for Long Prefecture. The night of November 8, Li Chulin and his associates mutinied and attacked Zhang's headquarters. Zhang and two of his sons climbed over the city walls and tried to flee, but were captured by the mutineers and killed. He was posthumously honored by Emperor Dezong.

</doc>
<doc id="19996568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996568" title="Norbert Kristof">
Norbert Kristof

Norbert Kristof (born 23 September 1980) is a Hungarian indie singer, songwriter and guitarist from Miskolc, Hungary. He has a unique and deep voice with a melancholic vibe.
History.
On 25 October 2010, Norbert Kristóf released his third studio album, "Milk" including six new songs and a demo version of the song "Winds Tied Together". Milk as Kristóf describes is something that you cannot live without when you are a child
Musical style and influences.
In the early years Norbert mostly listened to The Smashing Pumpkins, Nirvana, Sonic Youth, Radiohead and other alternative bands. Later he discovered singer-songwriters such as Elliott Smith, Damien Rice and Bright Eyes and the latest years Norbert mostly listening to The Cure, Depeche Mode, Deftones and new bands like Jeniferever and The Radio Dept.
Discography.
Demos

</doc>
<doc id="19996571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996571" title="West Virginia Department of Transportation">
West Virginia Department of Transportation

The West Virginia Department of Transportation is the state agency responsible for transportation in West Virginia. The Department of Transportation serves an umbrella organization for seven subsidiary agencies which are directly responsible for different areas of the state's infrastructure.
Subsidiary agencies.
Division of Highways.
The West Virginia Division of Highways (DOH) is the largest component of the Department of Transportation. It is responsible for almost all public roads in the state outside of incorporated municipalities. The Division of Highways was previously its own standalone agency, the Department of Highways, and was formerly known as the State Road Commission until about the 1970s.
Division of Motor Vehicles.
The West Virginia Division of Motor Vehicles (DMV) handles vehicle registration and driver licensing for the state. In addition to its headquarters in Charleston, it operates a network of 23 regional offices throughout West Virginia.
Parkways Authority.
The West Virginia Parkways Authority was created in 1989 as a successor to the West Virginia Turnpike Commission. The agency is tasked with operating the West Virginia Turnpike, a tolled stretch of Interstate 77 from Charleston to Princeton. It is also involved in the planned operation of a toll U.S. Route 35 in Mason and Putnam counties and the Mon-Fayette Expressway.
The Parkways Authority previously was named the Parkways, Economic Development, and Tourism Authority. It participated in economic development programs, an activity that was curtailed under former governor Joe Manchin. It continues to operate Tamarack, Best of West Virginia, an arts and crafts center near Beckley, pending its transfer to the West Virginia Department of Commerce. It is currently headed by Gerald Bostock.
State Rail Authority.
The State Rail Authority was formed to assume ownership of rail lines that were planned for abandonment by their original operators. It directly operates the South Branch Valley Railroad, a former Baltimore & Ohio Railroad line between Green Spring and Petersburg.
The Authority also owns the West Virginia Central Railroad, consisting of near Elkins. The West Virginia Central is operated by a private company, the Durbin and Greenbrier Valley Railroad.
Other State Rail Authority duties include promoting tourist and short-line railroads, operating three MARC train stations in the Eastern Panhandle, and helping to preserve or railbank lines targeted for abandonment.
Division of Public Transit.
The West Virginia Division of Public Transit helps assist public transit agencies in the state.
Public Port Authority.
The Public Port Authority helps to develop and market ports and intermodal facilities in the state.
Aeronautics Commission.
The West Virginia Aeronautics Commission helps to develop and fund air infrastructure projects in West Virginia.

</doc>
<doc id="19996572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996572" title="Boon Lay Secondary School">
Boon Lay Secondary School

Boon Lay Secondary School (BLSS) is a government secondary school located in Jurong West, Singapore. The school was named after Chew Boon Lay.
History.
Boon Lay Secondary School was established in 1977 with 13 classes. It then had two main mediums of instruction: English and Chinese. It was officially opened by Mr Ngeow Pack Hua, MP for Boon Lay on 2 August 1979.
In 1988, it became a solely English-medium, double-session school. Over the years, the pupil population has grown from 13 classes in 1977 to 1231 students in 36 classes.
In November 1999, the school relocated to its current premises, well-equipped with special rooms and IT-enabled classrooms.
Starting from 3 January 2000, Boon Lay functioned as a single-session school.

</doc>
<doc id="19996592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996592" title="Hammalawa Saddhatissa">
Hammalawa Saddhatissa

The Ven. Prof. Hammalawa Saddhatissa Maha Thera (1914–1990) was an ordained Buddhist monk and author from Sri Lanka, educated in Benares, London, and Edinburgh. He was a contemporary of and in many ways equal to Ven. Prof. Walpola Rahula, also of Sri Lanka.
Life.
Ven. Saddhatissa was born in Hammalawa, a small town in N.W. Sri Lanka in 1914 and ordained as a novice monk there in 1926. In his youth he was active in both the Mahabodhi Society and the work of B.R. Ambedkar. In 1957 he would travel to London at the request of the Mahabodhi Society and would live the rest of his life in the West, including time teaching in Canada.
At the time of his death, "He was the head of the London Buddhist Vihara and the Sanghanayake of the United Kingdom and Europe."
He was posthumously honored in 2005 by Sri Lanka with a postage stamp bearing his image.
Philosophy.
Spending years at SOAS, the University of London, Saddhatissa developed a sensitivity to Western philosophical discourse. He thus developed his thought, specifically in Buddhist ethics, with both traditional training and Western thought in mind. His primary Western influence (in "Buddhist Ethics" at least) appears to be Th. Stcherbatsky, followed by the French philologist La Vallée Poussin. 
His main interest was in staying close to the 'lived expression' of Buddhism as opposed to abstract academic theorizing.
"Unlike other expositors of Buddhism -- for example, some representatives of the Cha'n and Zen traditions, who sometimes regard moral practice as a kind of preliminary to the meditational practice of mindfulness, and who take enlightenment to be a kind of epistemological transformation, a new and holistic way of seeing reality -- Saddhatissa regards moral practice and the practice of mindfulness as a seamless whole."
Published works.
Books.
"The Buddha's Way"
"Before He Was Buddha: The Life of Siddhartha" with Jack Kornfield (2000) ISBN 1-56975-230-3
"Buddhist Ethics" (1970) (1987) and (1997 & 2003) ISBN 0-86171-124-6
"The Sutta Nipata" trans. (1985) ISBN 0-7007-0181-8 ( Wisdom Books)
"A Buddhist's Manual" (1976) ASIN: B000YH9HP8
Articles.
" Dependent Origination (.pdf)" (1989)
Reviews.
Buddhist Ethics, reviewed by Koller, John M. Philosophy East and West Vol. 50, No. 2 (April 2000) pp. 294–297 [http://ccbs.ntu.edu.tw/FULLTEXT/JR-PHIL/ew99032.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="19996609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996609" title="Annington">
Annington

Annington can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19996618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996618" title="Jenn McGinn">
Jenn McGinn

Jenn McGinn (born in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island) is a Canadian politician, who was elected to the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia, representing the electoral district of Vancouver-Fairview, in a by-election on October 29, 2008. She is the first openly lesbian MLA to serve in the British Columbian Legislature. A member of the British Columbia New Democratic Party, her candidacy was endorsed in a "Georgia Straight" editorial.
McGinn is an account manager with the community business banking team of Vancity Savings Credit Union. She is a former vice-president of Little Mountain Neighbourhood House and past executive director of the South Granville Seniors Centre. She was also the director of development for the Surrey Women's Centre.
After the 2008 by-election the provincial constituency of Vancouver-Fairview was redistributed by Elections BC as part of a larger provincewide redistribution. She was defeated by BC Liberal candidate Margaret MacDiarmid in the 2009 provincial election.

</doc>
<doc id="19996620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996620" title="Canadian Intergovernmental Conference Secretariat">
Canadian Intergovernmental Conference Secretariat

The Canadian Intergovernmental Conference Secretariat is an independent Canadian government agency enacted on November 29, 1973 by an Order in Council from the first ministers created for the purpose of continuing governing of Canada. The agency reports to the Parliament of Canada through the Prime Minister. Each of the provinces and territories of Canada has their own similar agency.

</doc>
<doc id="19996636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996636" title="List of Big Windup! characters">
List of Big Windup! characters

The "Big Windup!" anime and manga series features a cast of characters created by Asa Higuchi. The series takes place in a fictional version of Saitama, Japan, where different high school baseball teams compete in official tournaments. The anime series consists of 26 episodes, while the manga series is ongoing.
The main character of the series is Ren Mihashi, a nervous high school student who is passionate about pitching. At the start of the series, he takes up attendance at Nishiura High School and becomes the pitcher for the school's newly formed baseball team. As the series progresses, Mihashi develops strong friendships with his team-mates, most notably with the catcher, Takaya Abe, whom he holds in high esteem. The team quickly develops an ambition to go to Koushien, the finals of the summer baseball tournament, and competes with several other baseball teams to this end.
Higuchi was inspired to write her own baseball manga when she heard the story of a local baseball team when she was in high school. While growing up in Saitama (where the series is set), Higuchi became familiar with baseball by reading the manga "Dokaben". Higuchi collected data on high school baseball for over 10 years in order to create the manga, and she worked with the school she had attended, Urawanishi High School, in the year prior to the serialization.
Conception.
In the original version of "Big Windup!", the protagonist Ren Mihashi never spoke. In addition, characters such as Maria Momoe, Shūgo Kanō and Motoki Haruna didn't yet exist. Five months prior to the serialization of the series in "Afternoon" magazine, Higuchi published a one shot in the magazine titled "The Basic of Basics". The story was centered around the characters of the Musashino Dai Ichi school, who went on to appear in the series itself.
Opposition.
Teams.
Several opposing teams are introduced in "Big Windup!". Mihoshi Academy's team is a prominent subject, as Mihashi had left them after his three years as ace pitcher. Along with the battery Kanou and Hatake, the team has Hiroyuki Oda, a cleanup hitter who speaks in a Kansai dialect in Japanese, and the American equivalent southern accent in English. Musashino First is the team where Haruna resides as ace pitcher. Originally lazy and laid-back, the team is later stirred into action by Haruna's desire to end the team's mediocrity. Along with Haruna, the team includes Naoto Kaguyama, the starting pitcher, Ohkawa, the team captain, and Kyouhei Akimaru, a kind back-up pitcher for Haruna. Suzune Miyashita is the team's manager who is dating Ohkawa. Tosei High School was the previous year's Koshien winner, who underestimated the skill of Nishiura. Junta Takase is the Tosei's ace pitcher, who uses sinkers and forkballs to strike out batters, while Kazuki Kawai is the team captain.
Merchandise.
Merchandise of "Big Windup!" characters includes action figures, key chains, plush dolls, and branded stationery. There is also a Nintendo DS game called .

</doc>
<doc id="19996644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996644" title="Floyd Rayford">
Floyd Rayford

Floyd Kinnard Rayford (born July 27, 1957) is a retired professional baseball player who played for seven seasons in the Major leagues. He primarily played third base and catcher during his career. He served as batting coach for two seasons with the Rochester Red Wings of the International League until his firing on Sept. 9, 2011.
Early career.
Rayford's professional baseball career began in 1975, when he was drafted as a catcher out of Manual Arts High School in the fourth round of the amateur draft by the California Angels. He spent the 1975 through 1979 seasons in the Angels' minor league system, spending the 1979 season at the Triple-A level playing for the Salt Lake City Gulls. In his first Triple-A season, he batted .294 with 13 home runs while playing third base.
Baltimore Orioles (first stint).
After playing one season for the Gulls, Rayford was traded, along with an undisclosed amount of money, from the Angels organization to the Baltimore Orioles in exchange for Larry Harlow. In 1980, Rayford made his major league debut for the Orioles; over the course of the season he played in 8 games for the Orioles while spending most of the year with the Triple-A Rochester Red Wings. He spent the entire 1981 season with the Red Wings, during which he played on the losing side of the longest game in baseball history and caught the 31st inning of that game. In 1982, he returned to the Major League with the Orioles, but he hit only .132 in 34 games.
When Cal Ripken, Jr. began his streak of 2,632 consecutive games played in 1982, Rayford was the player who Ripken replaced in the lineup. Rayford had been given a day off in the second game of a doubleheader and Ripken started at third base in his place.
He again returned to Rochester in 1983, and hit .371 in 42 games with the Red Wings.
St. Louis Cardinals.
During the 1983 season, the Orioles traded Rayford to the St. Louis Cardinals in exchange for a player to be named later, which became outfielder Tito Landrum. He was the backup third baseman behind Ken Oberkfell that year and hit .212 in 56 games for the Cardinals.
Baltimore Orioles (second stint).
Less than a year after trading Rayford, the Orioles purchased his contract from the Cardinals before the 1984 season. He served primarily as a backup catcher in his first year back with the Orioles, and his hitting numbers improved, with his average reaching .256 in 1984. Sharing time as the regular third baseman in 1985, Rayford had a career year, hitting .306 with 18 home runs and 48 runs batted in, all career highs. His numbers fell in 1986 when he batted .176 and was sent back to Rochester. He split the 1987 season between Baltimore and Rochester and batted .220 at the Major League level in what would prove to be his final major league season.
Minor league career.
Before retiring as a player, Rayford played parts of three seasons, from 1989 to 1991, with the Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre Red Barons, playing in 81 games with the club over the three-year span. During the latter two seasons, Rayford served as a player-coach, starting a long tenure as a minor league coach. Since 1990, he has coached eight separate minor league teams, and in 1996, he spent his only season to date as a minor league manager, doing so for the Batavia Clippers. He has been a member of the Rock Cats' coaching staff since 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19996657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996657" title="Ko Kra">
Ko Kra

Ko Kra (, ) is a group of small rocky islets in the southern area of the Gulf of Siam. 
It is under the administration of Nakhon Si Thammarat Province of Thailand.
Geography.
Ko Kra, located about 54 km from the nearest shore, consists of three islets: Ko Kra Yai, Ko Kra Klang and Ko Kra Lek, as well as one small rocky outcrop, Hin Ko Kra. The whole area surrounding these islets is a good diving spot owing to its relative remoteness.
Territorial dispute.
The Ko Kra group, although barren and uninhabited, is part of a territorial dispute along with the islet of Ko Losin.
The dispute over the continental shelf boundary between Malaysia and Thailand arises from the different baselines which the two countries adopt in calculating the equidistant line for boundary. Thailand's proclaimed baseline runs from the terminus at Kuala Tabar (the eastern terminus of the Malaysia-Thailand land border as defined by the Anglo-Siamese Treaty of 1909) northwards to Ko Losin islet and then northwestwards to Ko Kra. Malaysia however does not regard Ko Losin as a valid baseline point and calculates the equidistant line on a baseline running along the shore.
Similarly named locations.
This islet group should not be confused with other islands of the same name, like Ko Kra in Chumphon Province or Mu Ko Kra (หมู่เกาะกระ) a group of islets to the west of Ko Mak in Trat Province. There is also a place by the name of Ko-kra in Kayah State, mainland Burma.

</doc>
<doc id="19996659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996659" title="Johann Wilhelm Löbell">
Johann Wilhelm Löbell

Johann Wilhelm Löbell (15 September 1786 – 12 July 1863) was a German historian.
Biography.
Löbell was a native of Berlin. He studied at the Universities of Heidelberg and Berlin under Wolf and Böckh. He had entered the scholarly life against the wishes of his mother who wanted him to go into business. During the War of the Sixth Coalition (1812–14), he served as a volunteer in a "Landwehr" installation. He was not on the frontlines but worked in a supporting office.
In 1814 he moved to Breslau, where he soon found work as a teacher in a war college. There he published a historical paper and another one on building connections between the sciences and humanities in gymnasium studies. In 1823, he went to work in Berlin at a military academy as a history teacher. There he also became involved with the issuance of new editions of Karl Friedrich Becker's "Weltgeschichte" (World history). He eventually oversaw the issuance of three new editions. During this time he was friends to Henrich Steffens (1773-1845) and Friedrich von Raumer (1781-1873).
In 1829 he became an associate professor of history at the University of Bonn, where two years later he became a full professor. Among the works he wrote there were "Gregor von Tours und seine Zeit" (Gregory of Tours and his times, 1839), a revision of Becker's "Weltgeschichte" (1836–38), "Weltgeschichte in Umrissen und Ausführungen" (World history outlined and explained Part I, 1846), "Die Entwicklung der deutschen Poesie von Klopstocks erstem Auftreten bis zu Goethes Tode" (The development of German poetry from Klopstock until Goethe's death, 1856–65), and "Historische Briefe" (Letters on history, 1861), an anonymous attack on Ultramontanism.
Legacy.
Löbell's large personal library is now kept in a school library at the Bielefeld "Ratsgymnasium", and is property of the city of Bielefeld.

</doc>
<doc id="19996667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996667" title="Hu Zhiyu">
Hu Zhiyu

Hu Zhiyu (, 1227–1293), also known as Purple Mountain Hu (), was a period writer of Chinese Sanqu poetry during the Yuan Dynasty. He was from Hebei and orphaned early in life. Nonetheless he applied himself to his studies and associated with others of exceptional ability. In the 1260s he rose to the high official position of Erudite of the Court of Imperial Sacrifices. However he earned the enmity of a Muslim high minister of finance Ahmad Fanakati (?-1282). Hu was then obliged to fill lesser official positions. Others wrote of him that officials feared him while ordinary people loved him. His writings were largely poetry. He was much influenced by Song poetry with its directness and lack or ornament. His "sanqu" (散曲) verses were highly literate, a characteristic of the time. He was likewise gifted at a variety of literary forms, as well as a skilled calligrapher.
For the Actress Zhu Lianxiu
By the river stitched in colors,
Kingfisher-green bamboos.
Above the wool-dressed sea
There is a bright pearl.
When the moon is pale,
Where the wind is pure,
The dust from fallen crimson is shut away.
A bit of careless ease
Bears the strains of life,
My constant thinking
Of love’s morning clouds and evening rains.

</doc>
