<doc id="19929900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19929900" title="2008–09 W-League">
2008–09 W-League

The 2008–09 W-League season was the first season of the W-League, the Australian national women's football (soccer) competition. The season was played over 10 rounds, followed by a finals series. Queensland Roar were crowned as "Champions" for winning the home-and-away season and also "Premiers" after defeating Canberra United 2–0 in the final.
Leading scorers.
The leading goal scores from the regular season.
Referees.
The W-League features Women Referees and Assistant Referees from Australia. Referees include:

</doc>
<doc id="19929916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19929916" title="Prison Break (season 3)">
Prison Break (season 3)

The third season of the serial drama television series Prison Break commenced airing in the United States on September 17, 2007. "Prison Break" is produced by Adelstein-Parouse Productions, in association with Rat Television, Original Television Movie and 20th Century Fox Television. The season contains 13 episodes, and concluded on February 18, 2008. The season was shorter than the previous two because of the Writer's Guild strike.
"Prison Break" revolves around two brothers: one who has been sentenced to death for a crime he did not commit and his younger sibling, a genius who devises an elaborate plan to help him escape prison. The two brothers escape prison in the first season, but are hunted down during the second season and ultimately recaptured and sent to a Panamanian jail, Penitenciaría Federal de Sona, at the end of the second season. The third season revolves around Michael's breakout from Sona with several other inmates.
For the season, three characters are removed, and four new characters are added as series regulars. Filming continued to take place in Dallas, Texas.
Production.
Filming.
Unlike many other TV shows, "Prison Break" was primarily filmed outside of Hollywood. The first season was primarily shot in and around Chicago, Illinois. During the second season, filming was moved to Dallas, Texas. Filming for the third season continued to be done in Dallas, but the price tag increased to about $3 million per episode. Several of the exterior scenes with Lincoln and Gretchen negotiating the escape from the Panama jail were shot in the Casco Viejo quarter of Panama City.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19929936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19929936" title="Louis-Maurice Boutet de Monvel">
Louis-Maurice Boutet de Monvel

Louis-Maurice Boutet de Monvel (1851, Orléans, Loiret – 1913) was a French painter and illustrator best known for his watercolors for children's books. He was a major figure in nineteenth century children's literature illustration.
Early life and career.
Boutet de Monvel was an academic painter born in Orléans who studied at the École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts in Paris under Alexandre Cabanel, Gustave Boulanger, Jules Joseph Lefebvre, and Carolus Duran. During the late 1870s he exhibited at the Salon de Paris and earned the medal of the third class in 1878 for a painting called "The Good Samaritan".
Biography.
French painter, watercolourist and illustrator born in Orléans on 18 October 1850 (1) and died in Paris' VIIth district on 16 March 1913.
Grandson on his mother's side to the tenor, Adolphe Nourrit (1802 - 1839) and Great-grandson on his father's side to the great Monvel – he was the great-great-nephew of Miss Mars - Maurice Boutet de Monvel was, in his own words, from "a family of gilt-edged artists". Furthermore, his father Benjamin Boutet de Monvel (1820 - 1880) was a renowned physics and chemistry professor and the author of several teaching manuals.
The second child in a family of nine children, Maurice Boutet de Monvel spent the majority of his childhood in Paris, where his father taught at Charlemagne secondary school. Permitted after his A' levels to take up studies in painting, he spent a year in close proximity to Louis-Henri de Rudder (1807 - 1881), before joining the École des Beaux-Arts (Fine Art school) in early 1870, where he was in the same class as Alexandre Cabanel (1823-1889). Defeat in the Battle of Sedan prompted him to interrupt his studies to join up with the Armée de la Loire, a French army of the Franco-Prussian war.
With peace returned, he took lessons at the Julian Academy, working under the leadership of Gustave Boulanger (1824 - 1888) and Jules Lefèbvre (1839 - 1911), both of whom had a decisive influence over his first works. He exhibited his first canvas at Le Salon in 1873 (2) (No.171 Tentation (Temptation)). He received a bronze medal in 1878 with Le bon samaritain (The Good Samaritan) (Musée d'Orléans/ Museum of Orléans) and a silver medal in 1880 with La leçon avant le sabbat (The lesson before the Sabbath) (Nemours Chateau-Museum). However, his works at that time, strongly influenced by José de Ribera's (1591- 1652) paintings, only played with the chiaroscuro. In order to rid his palette of his bitumen and his overly coal-like blacks, he opted to work under the leadership of Carolus-Duran (1837 - 1911) for a time, whose use of colours was regarded as revolutionary back then. Key to this process though was setting off on a voyage to Algeria in 1876, where one of his brothers lived. The light of Kabylie was a revelation to him. Staying in Borj Bou Arreridj, he painted Mansourah and the surrounding area. Next he headed to Constantine and returned via Tunisia. He stayed in Algeria a second time in 1878, and a third time in 1880 (3). These three trips to Algeria were to definitively alter his style of painting. From then on he worked outdoors and his palette, the two primary shades of which became orange and above all blue, involved the latter colour being used to create shadow. In this way, the first Algerian painting which Maurice Boutet de Monvel decided to show at Le Salon in 1880, Sur les hauts plateaux (On the high plateaus) – a painting which was painted in front of the motif in 1876 – shows you a small pile of orange and cobalt blue tiles in a corner of the composition, an indication of his new style.
His marriage on 21 June 1876 in Paris' IVth district to the daughter of another teacher from the Charlemagne secondary school, she too a native of Orléans, Jeanne Lebaigue, and the birth of their first child, Roger, in 1879, dictated the next stage of his career. Now forced to support his family, in 1881 he agreed to illustrate Les pourquoi de Mademoiselle Suzanne (Miss Suzanne's questions) by Emile Desbeaux, and, that same year, La France en Zig zag (Zig-zagging across France), a reading book by Eudoxie Dupuis published by Charles Delagrave (1842 - 1934). The latter, thrilled by the pureness and originality of his creations, then offered him the opportunity to illustrate Saint Nicolas: Journal illustré pour garçons et filles (Saint Nicolas: An illustrated journal for boys and girls). The success achieved by the new book, and particularly the illustrations created by Maurice Boutet de Monvel for the nursery rhymes and dances found within, was such that the latter published Vieilles chansons et danses pour les petits enfants (Old songs and dances for young children) at E. Plon, Nourrit et Cie in 1883, and Chansons de France pour les petits Français (Songs of France for French children) the following year. Remaining very attached to his career as a history painter, despite his initial successes as an illustrator, Maurice Boutet de Monvel offered the Société des Artistes français (Society of French Artists) of 1885 an overtly royalist canvas, L'apothéose de la canaille ou le triomphe de Robert Macaire (The Rascal's Apotheosis or the triumph of Robert Macaire) (Musée d'Orléans (Museum of Orléans), which earned him a prime spot in the exhibition. However, the work, which was deemed to be overly critical of the brand new republic, displeased the Deputy Secretary of State for Fine Art, Edmond Turquet (1836 - 1914), who, despite it having been unanimously celebrated by the jury, had it taken down on the eve of the private viewing. The famous art dealer Georges Petit (1856-1920), who was organising an exhibition in his gallery in Rue de Sèze, then offered to exhibit the canvas, but the painter Léon Bonnat (1833-1922) was opposed to the idea. Ultimately, it was presented in Le Figaro's premises.
Whilst Maurice Boutet de Monvel believed his career as an artist to be definitively over, Edouard Detaille (1848 - 1912) was thoughtful enough to lend a helping hand by presenting his candidacy to the Société des aquarellistes français ("society of French watercolourists"), which he'd just founded. One of the first watercolour portraits he sent there, that of Miss Réjane's daughter in Renaissance clothing, enjoyed such tremendous success that his reputation as a portrait painter was definitively established.
Yet he was to continue with his career as an illustrator and, in addition to publishing drawings for Saint Nicolas, which he kept contributing to until 1890, he created Quand j'étais petit (When I was young) by Lucien Briart in 1886, and La farce de Maître Pathelin(The farce of Master Pathelin), a comedy from the Middle Ages organised into modern verse by Georges Gassies des Brulies at Delagrave in 1887. That same year, two of his most notable collections were also published: Nos enfants, scènes de la ville et des champs (Our children, scenes from the country and the town) by Anatole France at Hachette et Cie (the work was to be republished from time to time under the title Filles et garcons (Girls and boys)); and, at E. Plon, Nourrit et Cie, La civilité puérile et honnête racontée par l'Oncle Eugène (Puerile, honest civility recounted by Uncle Eugène), a manual on decorum for youngsters, which Maurice Boutet de Monvel designed in its entirety. In 1888, still at E. Plon, Nourrit et Cie, the latter published his famous collection of twenty-two Fables de La Fontaine which, like his Chansons de France, is still published today. In 1890, in order to illustrate Ferdinand Fabre's naturalistic novel, Xavière, a series of watercolours which the art publisher Bussod, Valadon et Cie, successor to the Goupil company, reproduced in a colour photoengraving of such high quality that they lost nothing of their ethereal clarity.
Finally, in 1896, Plon, Nourrit et Cie published Maurice Boutet de Monvel's most famous album, Jeanne d'Arc, which he once again designed entirely on his own and whose watercolours are reproduced in zincotype, a new photoengraving process using etching in conjunction with coloured inks. His admiration for the light and shadow modelling of Fra Angelico and the battle scenes of Paolo Uccello is expressed with grandeur here. The work earned its author resounding success, rightly leading to him being considered as one of the major artists of his time and bringing him international recognition. In this way, Maurice Boutet de Monvel, who is deemed by critics as having exerted a key influence over the young school in Vienna, was invited to participate in the Exhibition of Viennese Secession of 1899 (4), which was devoted to European graphics; nineteen of his works were displayed here, in a hall decorated by Koloman Moser. That same year also saw the showcasing of some important, prestigious retrospectives of his paintings and graphics in the United States; initially at the Art Institute of Chicago, then at the Museum of Fine Arts in Boston and finally at the Pennsylvanian Academy of the Fine Arts in Philadelphia. Having travelled to Chicago in person, he received a number of portrait commissions during his visit. However, the winter was particularly harsh and he fell seriously ill, in the grip of an old bronchial ailment contracted in 1870 in the Armée de la Loire's military camps.
However, at the Exposition Universelle (World Fair) of 1900, he displayed Jeanne à la Cour de Chinon (Jeanne at the Court of Chinon), the second of two panels completed for the new basilica of Le Bois-Chenu in Donrémy. This vast decorative painting earned him a gold medal. The other four panels of this set commissioned in 1896 were sadly never to be completed, however a smaller scale variant was delivered between 1905 and 1911, to senator William A. Clark (1839 - 1925), who donated it on his death to the Corcoran Gallery of Art in Washington, where it is still part of the permanent collections. Over the course of several winters, Maurice Boutet de Monvel worked on the small-scale version of his large panels which he couldn't get over having to give up on, in the reverence and cold of his studio in Nemours. In the spring of 1911, two years prior to his death following a chest illness, which had seen him laid low in Chicago, he could finally travel to Florence, whilst working on the illustration of Une vie de Saint François d'Assise (Saint Francis of Assisi's life), which was only completed in 1921 in the end.
On his death, a sizeable retrospective of his work was organised in Paris by the Manzi et Joyant Gallery, the new successors to the Goupil company, and the gallery owners for Edgar Degas and Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec. Everyone then agreed to recognise the importance of the works he brought back from his three trips to Algeria, and especially the liberty of those created during the first trip, in 1876. Everyone then agreed to recognise the essential, pioneering nature of his illustrations for children, whose great originality and exceptional freshness mean that, even today, he is the inventor and outright master of the genre.In 1987 and 1988, the Trust for Museum Exhibitions, managed by Ann Van Devanter Townsend, organised an exhibition to showcase a considerable selection of his works on paper, which was displayed at the Telfair Academy of Arts and Sciences in Savannah, Georgia (27 January - 8 March 1987), at the Society of the Four Arts in Palm Beach (20 March - 18 April 1987), at the Delaware Art Museum in Wilmington (11 May - 21 June 1987); at the Carnegie Institute in Pittsburgh (26 October - 6 December 1987); at the Corcoran Gallery of Art in Washington (21 December - 31 January 1988); and at the Oklahoma Art Center in Oklahoma City (15 February - 22 May 1988).
Children's book illustrator.
Boutet de Monvel began doing illustrations for financial reasons. After contributing illustrations to several magazines he published "Vielles Chansons et Rondes pour les Petits Enfants" ("Old Songs and Rounds for Small Children") in 1883, followed the next year by "Chansons de France pour les Petits Français" ("Songs of France for Little French People"). Boutet de Monvel collaborated with Anatole France for "Nos Enfants" ("Our Children") and a number of other children's books, many of which were translated into English in the early twentieth century.
According to Anita Silvey in "Children's Books and Their Creators", Boutet de Monvel's skill at capturing the moods of children made him a popular portraitist for the children of leading society families in France and elsewhere. His work was warm and sensitive and he received so many commissions for portraits that he contemplated giving up book illustration.
In 1895, however, he published an illustrated children's history of Joan of Arc which has been regarded as his masterpiece. Working epic scenes in a muted palette that he described as "It's not color, really, it is the impression, the suggestion of color", he conveyed an emotional spirituality despite his disappointment with reproduction technology. The book gained esteem although he was neither a writer nor a historian. It was republished in 1973 and 1980.
Children's literature critic Selma G. Lanes describes his Joan of Arc illustrations:
Boutet de Monvel's full-page illustrations have a nobility and grandeur akin to the great church frescoes of the Renaissance. Their pleasingly flat rendering combined with a sophisticated use of design elements…owe a debt to the Japanese prints so popular in the artist's day.
Boutet's Joan of Arc work soon became known to the English speaking world through translation. In 1899 he traveled to the United States to exhibit and received a commission from a wealthy American to create a series of large scale panels based upon his Joan of Arc illustrations. Another six panels originally planned for the Joan of Arc chapel near her birthplace Domrémy-la-Pucelle, France became part of the collection at the Corcoran Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C.
The Buffalo, New York Fine Arts Academy, which held a collection of his works during World War I, assessed his style by stating "There is no unnecessary detail in his portraits, his studies, or any of his compositions." In describing the illustrations among its exhibit a museum publication stated his "masterly creations stand out not merely as a graphic comment on the text but as a revelation of a subject which the writer has treated only in a fragmentary and superficial manner."
Silvey ranks Boutet de Monvel alongside Kate Greenaway and Randolph Caldecott as leading figures of the nineteenth century golden era of children's book illustration. He died in Nemours in 1913.
Miscellaneous.
Whittaker Chambers mentions that he read a book of etiquette illustrated by Monvel as a child.

</doc>
<doc id="19929970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19929970" title="Prison Break (season 4)">
Prison Break (season 4)

The fourth and final season of the serial drama television series Prison Break commenced airing in the United States on September 1, 2008. It consists of 24 episodes (22 television episodes and 2 straight to DVD episodes), 16 of which aired from September to December 2008. After a hiatus, it resumed on April 17, 2009 and concluded on May 15, 2009 with a two episode finale.
Production.
On January 13, 2009, Fox president Kevin Reilly confirmed the series would end at the conclusion of this season. He explained, ""Prison Break" got to a point where a lot of the stories had been told." At the time, he said there was a possibility of adding two extra episodes, he said "We want to finish strong." These extra two episodes became "", although they never aired on Fox, and became available only on DVD.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19929987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19929987" title="1996 International Touring Car Championship season">
1996 International Touring Car Championship season

The 1996 International Touring Car Championship season was the second season of its type. It was for FIA Class 1 Touring Cars and it was contested by Mercedes-Benz, Alfa Romeo and Opel. It was formed of the Deutsche Tourenwagen Meisterschaft series that ran both a short German & International-based series in 1995. These were fused together to form the International Touring Car Championship (abbreviated to ITC). The eventual champion was Manuel Reuter driving an Opel Calibra, and Opel won the manufacturer's championship.
Season summary.
All three manufacturers were relatively equally-matched and competitive all season, with Opel's other winning drivers besides Reuter being the experienced Hans-Joachim Stuck, who took a double victory in Helsinki, and 1994 champion Klaus Ludwig who repeated the feat at Norisring. Alfa Romeo came second to Opel in the standings, with former Benetton Formula One driver Alessandro Nannini taking a convincing seven victories, including four-in-a-row midseason, to place third in the championship. Team-mate and compatriot Nicola Larini could manage just two wins late in a season blighted with retirements, meaning the Ferrari test driver would not be a feature in the title battle.
Mercedes-Benz may have finished third and last in the constructors standings, but were every bit as competitive as their two rivals. Reigning DTM & ITC champion Bernd Schneider racked up four wins, including a double at Diepholz, en route to second in the championship, though 1995's DTM runner-up Jörg van Ommen scored a solitary win in a lacklustre campaign. Their junior team-mates – future Stewart driver Jan Magnussen and IndyCar Series star to-be Dario Franchitti – also scored a win apiece in the first and last rounds of the series respectively. This meant the Scot placed a creditable fourth in the standings, whilst the Dane's mid-season defection to CART along with a number of retirements served to prevent him from challenging for the title. Others who impressed but failed to win a race included sometime Benetton and Sauber driver JJ Lehto for Opel, young Italian Giancarlo Fisichella, who combined an assured sophomore tin-top season for Alfa Romeo with a part-season for the Minardi F1 team, and former Porsche Supercup champion Uwe Alzen who completed the championship top ten by finishing in eighth for Opel.
Looking further down the field, ex-Tyrrell and Jordan F1 driver Stefano Modena endured an average season with Alfa Romeo, whilst fellow Alfa Romeo driver and former BTCC champion Gabriele Tarquini suffered from appalling luck which severely hampered his title tilt despite taking a convincing victory at Silverstone. Christian Danner also disappointed for Alfa Romeo, whilst the respective team-mates of Reuter and Schnieder – Le Mans winner Yannick Dalmas and former DTM champion Kurt Thiim – curiously also had torrid seasons. The latter was replaced at the end of the season, along with future F1 driver Alexander Wurz and Jason Watt, as all three manufacturers elected to enter a local driver each during the last two events at Interlagos and Suzuka. Among these, German F3 regular Max Wilson was the most impressive, the Brazilian finishing second on home turf at Interlagos.
In the end, it was consistency that gifted Reuter the title – he scored points during the first fifteen races of the season, and only failed to do so six times all season. In comparison, Schneider failed to score nine times and Nannini twelve, despite both taking more wins with four and seven respectively as opposed to Reuter's three.
Despite boasting a tremendously strong driver line-up, consisting largely of former F1 drivers, and ostensibly robust manufacturer support, the series suffered from poor media exposure and television coverage, which along with lacklustre spectator attendance figures meant there was comparatively little money coming into the series in comparison to the huge cost of running a 'Class 1' touring car. This was exacerbated by two long journeys to Interlagos, and Suzuka, circuits located in countries where some the competing cars weren't actually sold. This meant that Alfa Romeo and Opel announced in September they would pull out at the end of the series, despite having hitherto committed themselves to compete until the end of 1997. With Mercedes-Benz the only remaining manufacturer committed for 1997, the series was cancelled. It wouldn't be until 2000 that the championship was resurrected, albeit as the DTM which was based firmly in Germany.
Drivers Championship standings.
† Drivers did not finish the race, but were classified as they completed over 90% of the race distance.
Note: bold signifies pole position, "italics" signifies fastest lap. Grid order for race 2 was decided by the finishing order in race 1.
Manufacturers Championship Standings.
Final placings in the 1996 FIA Touring Car International Championship for Manufacturers were:

</doc>
<doc id="19929993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19929993" title="Heilbronner">
Heilbronner

Heilbronner or Heilbroner is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19930002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930002" title="1991 Monte Carlo Open">
1991 Monte Carlo Open

The 1991 Monte Carlo Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 85th edition of the Monte Carlo Open, and was part of the ATP Super 9 of the 1991 ATP Tour. It took place at the Monte Carlo Country Club in Roquebrune-Cap-Martin, France, near Monte Carlo, Monaco, from April 22 through April 28, 1991.
The men's singles field was headlined by Stefan Edberg and Boris Becker. Other top seeds in the field were Guy Forget, Andre Agassi, and Goran Ivanišević.

</doc>
<doc id="19930014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930014" title="Bowen Stassforth">
Bowen Stassforth

References.
Bowen Dow Stassforth (born August 7, 1926) is an American former competition swimmer and Olympic medalist.
Stassforth was an eight-time All-American in swimming at the University of Iowa. Over the course of his career, he set 16 national breaststroke records in distances from 200 yards to 500 yards and one world record in the 200-yard breaststroke in 1952. Bowen was also Iowa AAU Athlete of the Year in 1952.
In his early life, Bowen had an intense fear of water, which was the result of having his head put under water by the family maid. After his parents discovered this, swimming lessons commenced and his athletic career as a swimmer began at Los Angeles High School.
In August 1944, while still in high school, Bowen joined the U.S. Navy. During his service in the Navy, he taught swimming and water survival skills to enlisted sailors on North Island in San Diego.
Bowen swam in the era when the accepted arm motion of the breaststroke was optional with either the underwater breaststroke as we know it today or the over the water arm motion now known as the butterfly. The leg movement was the frog kick. In 1954, the stroke was bifurcated into the breaststroke and the butterfly using a dolphin kick as commonly known today. As a result, any records he held were subsequently wiped off the record books.
At his first AAU National Championship meet in 1945, he placed second in the 200-meter breaststroke.
He enrolled at the University of Iowa in 1948, but was not allowed to compete as a freshman due to NCAA rules at that time. He did however participate in the U.S. Olympic Trials in July 1948 placing seventh in the 200-meter breaststroke.
Bowen earned numerous medals in Big Ten, NCAA and AAU championship meets over the course of his career.
He swam on the 1949 Big Ten Conference and NCAA Champion 300 yard Medley Relay team for Iowa.
In 1951, he won a bronze medal in the 200-meter breaststroke and a gold in the medley relay at the 1951 Pan American Games in Buenos Aires.
At the 1952 Olympics in Helsinki, he placed second in the 200-meter breaststroke losing to his Big Ten and NCAA rival John Davies of the University of Michigan who represented Australia. He finished his career later that year as the AAU National Champion and the American record holder in the 220-yard breaststroke.
Bowen was inducted into the University of Iowa Hall of Fame in 1996. Charles Roeser, the chairman of the U.S. Olympic men’s swimming committee, called him “one of the most cooperative athletes I have ever known in thirty years of teaching and coaching.” He also called him “America’s greatest breaststroke champion, but more than that, a real American and gentleman whose conduct is a worthy example for others to follow.”

</doc>
<doc id="19930019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930019" title="Vaporizing oil engine">
Vaporizing oil engine

Vaporizing oil engine may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19930023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930023" title="Sharda Sinha">
Sharda Sinha

Sharda Sinha (born October 1, 1952) is a folk-singer and professor of music from Samastipur, Bihar.
Background.
Sharda Sinha sings Maithili, Bhojpuri and Magahi songs, has received "Padma Shri" for her contribution to music. "Prayag Sangeet Samiti" organised Basant Mahotsava at Prayag where Padma Shri Sharda Sinha presented numerous songs based on the theme of spring season, where the advent of spring was narrated through folk songs. She regularly performs during Durga Puja festivities. She performed when the Prime Minister of Mauritius Navin Ramgoolam came to, Bihar. She has sung in many movies such as Deswa, "Taar Bijli" from Gangs of Wasseypur - Part 2, "Kahe Toh Se Sajna" from Maine Pyar Kiya and Hum Aapke Hain Kaun and has also produced several music albums such as "Dulhin", "Pirittiya" and "Mehndi". Bihar 'kokila' Sharda Sinha performed at Pragati Maidan in the Bihar Utsav, 2010, New Delhi. Sinha started the programme with her patriotic song "Maiya bharti pukarela jawan babua tora hathawa mein deshwa ke shaan babuwa". Her other songs, included "Paniya ke jahaj se paltaniya bani ahiya piya lele ahiya ho sindurwa Bengal Ke," "Kahe to se sajani hamaar jogiya," "Sutal chaliya baba ke bhawanwa," "Sun ho pardesia," "Sasuji se lutri," "Apna sajaniya ke" and "Dulhin dhire dhire chalio." Sharda Sinha also sung the famous song "Taar Bijli" from Bollywood film Gangs of Wasseypur Part 2.
ShardaSinha captivated the audience with the rendition of her famous songs 'paniyakejahaaj se paltaniya' and other Bhojpuri and Maithili songs on the second evening of BiharUtsav in Delhi on 16th March, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19930057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930057" title="Kerang Technical High School">
Kerang Technical High School

Kerang Technical High School is an Australian high school located in Kerang, Victoria. Students come from Kerang and the surrounding towns of Koondrook, Quambatook, Boort, Lake Charm, Murrabit, Pyramid Hill and Macorna as well as Barham in New South Wales.
The school has approximately 420 students. The school emblem is an ibis; a common animal in the district. "Finis Cononat Opus" is the school motto.
The school houses are:

</doc>
<doc id="19930073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930073" title="Howie Bedell">
Howie Bedell

Howard William Bedell (born September 29, 1935 in Clearfield, Pennsylvania) is a former Major League Baseball player. An outfielder, Bedell played for the Milwaukee Braves in 1962 and the Philadelphia Phillies in 1968. He batted left-handed and threw right-handed.
In his career, Bedell played in 67 games and registered 28 hits, three runs batted in and scored 15 runs. His batting average was .193. 58 of his 67 games played, all 15 of his runs scored, 27 of his 28 hits and 2 of his three RBIs were with the Braves.
Bedell’s lone RBI as a Phillie came in a game against the Los Angeles Dodgers at Dodger Stadium on June 8, . Pinch-hitting in the top of the fifth inning, Bedell hit a sacrifice fly to score Tony Taylor for a run that broke Don Drysdale’s string of 58 consecutive scoreless innings. Earlier that game, Drysdale had broken Walter Johnson’s streak of 56 counsecutive scoreless innings, set in .
After his playing career ended, Bedell served as a manager in the Phillies' farm system from - and from -. He was also a coach with the Kansas City Royals in and the Seattle Mariners in , and the farm director of the Cincinnati Reds in and .
While in the American Association in Bedell recorded a 43-game hitting streak, which ended up tied for the league record after the league folded in .

</doc>
<doc id="19930083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930083" title="Franz Joseph, Prince of Hohenzollern-Emden">
Franz Joseph, Prince of Hohenzollern-Emden

Franz Joseph Prinz von Hohenzollern-Emden (English: "Prince Francis Joseph of Hohenzollern-Emden"; 30 August 1891 – 3 April 1964) was a member of the Roman Catholic branch of the House of Hohenzollern. He was born as Prince Franz Joseph of Hohenzollern and adopted the surname Prinz von Hohenzollern-Emden in 1933.
Early life.
Franz Joseph was born in Heiligendamm in the Grand Duchy of Mecklenburg-Schwerin, the second son of Wilhelm, Prince of Hohenzollern and Princess Maria Teresa of Bourbon-Two Sicilies. He had a twin brother, Frederick, Prince of Hohenzollern, who was born a few minutes before he was.
Military service.
During World War I Franz Joseph served in Germany's Kaiserliche Marine ("Imperial Navy") as the second torpedo officer on the light cruiser "SMS Emden" at the Battle of Cocos. The "SMS Emden" had an extraordinary record capturing British ships, and as a result all those who served on her, including Franz Joseph, were given the right to add the ship's name to the end of their surnames. Since Germany had converted titles of nobility into family names in 1919, he became Franz Joseph Prinz von Hohenzollern-Emden.
In 1925 Franz Joseph wrote a book recording his naval service, "Emden: Meine Erlebnisse auf S.M Schiff Emden" (Leipzig: Eckstein, 1925), translated into English and published as "Emden: My Experiences in S.M.S. Emden" (reprinted as "Emden: The Last Cruise of the Chivalrous Raider, 1914", Brighton: Lyon, 1989, ISBN 0-904256-45-6).
Franz Joseph also had the rank of Konteradmiral in the Romanian Naval Forces.
Nazi Party membership.
In 1933 Franz Joseph became a member of the SS (member number 276 691). On 1 April 1936, he became as full member of the Nazi party with membership number 3765580. As a leading Roman Catholic nobleman and a near relative of the Habsburg, Bourbon, and Saxon dynasties, Franz Joseph did much to lend respectability to the Nazi party.
From 1939 to 1944 Franz Joseph commanded a marine flak battery at the Cuxhaven naval base. In June 1944 he was released from active service. In November 1944 he was expelled from the SS together with other upper class Nazis whose devotion was becoming suspect in the face of Germany's, by then, near-certain defeat. In a letter to Heinrich Himmler dated 3 January 1945, Franz Joseph proclaimed his continued devotion to the Nazi cause and unsuccessfully begged to be readmitted to the SS.
Marriage and family.
On 25 May 1921, Franz Joseph married Princess Maria Alix of Saxony, a daughter of Friedrich August III of Saxony and Archduchess Luise, Princess of Tuscany. His twin brother married Maria Alix' sister, Princess Margarete Karola of Saxony.
Franz Joseph and Maria Alix had four children:
Franz Joseph lived with his family at Villa Eugenia in Hechingen.
Franz Joseph died on 3 April 1964 at Tübingen, Baden-Württemberg. He and his wife are buried in the Erlöserkirche in Sigmaringen.

</doc>
<doc id="19930086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930086" title="The Kingdom of Paramithi">
The Kingdom of Paramithi

The Kingdom of Paramithi is an Australian children's television series first screened on the Nine Network and Nick Jr. on 11 November 2008. The series is created by The Wiggles and Nickelodeon, with 30 half-hour episodes for pre-school children. Now Currently on ABC4 Kids 5 minutes of Storybook.
The Kingdom of Paramithi is a fairy tale series with stories, songs and dance. "Paramithi" is a Greek word for "fairytale". The series has been created by Anthony Field and Paul Field, written by Paul Field and Paul Paddick and developed with the experience of The Wiggles production team.
The program is also broadcast on the ATV World channel of Hong Kong.

</doc>
<doc id="19930088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930088" title="The Murder in the Honjin">
The Murder in the Honjin

The first novel in the Kosuke Kindaichi series, it concerns a murder in a locked room in a Japanese mansion surrounded by thick snow.
Story.
On 25 November 1937, at a former "honjin" in Okayama, the wedding of Kenzou Ichiyanagi and Katsuko Kubo is held. The celebrants include the mother Itoko, the third son Saburo, the second daughter Suzuko, the cousin Ryousuke, and Ginzo Kubo, Katsuko's uncle. During the ceremony, Suzuko plays the koto, and everything ends without incident.
Later that night, the wild sound of the koto is heard across the mansion. Ginzo rushes to the newly wedded couple's bedroom, only to find the couple killed in a brutal fashion. A Japanese sword is later found thrust into the ground in the middle of the garden, with no footprints on the surrounding thick snow, creating a perfect locked room mystery.

</doc>
<doc id="19930091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930091" title="Motoyawata Station">
Motoyawata Station

Lines.
Motoyawata Station is served by the Chūō-Sōbu Line of JR East and the Toei Shinjuku Line subway. The Toei Shinjuku Line terminates at this station.
Station layout.
The station is divided into two sections: the elevated JR station and the underground subway station. The areas outside the ticket gates of the two sections are connected by a passage.
The JR station has one island platform serving two tracks. There is no platform for rapid and limited express services on the two other tracks of the Sōbu Main Line.
The subway station also has one island platform serving two tracks. While one end of the subway station is connected to the JR East station, the other end is connected to Keisei Yawata Station on the Keisei Main Line.
History.
The station opened on the Sōbu Main Line on September 1, 1935. The Toei Shinjuku Line was extended to this station on March 19, 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="19930092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930092" title="Shimōsa-Nakayama Station">
Shimōsa-Nakayama Station

Lines.
Shimōsa-Nakayama Station is served by Chūō-Sōbu Line local services.
Station layout.
The station consists of an elevated island platform serving two tracks. The station has a "Midori no Madoguchi" staffed ticket office.
History.
Shimōsa-Nakayama Station opened on 12 April 1895.
Passenger statistics.
The station was used by 22,885 passengers in fiscal 2011 (boarding passengers only).
The passenger figures (boarding passengers only) for previous years are as shown below.

</doc>
<doc id="19930093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930093" title="Funabashi Station">
Funabashi Station

Lines.
Funabashi Station is served by the JR East Sōbu Main Line and forms the eastern terminus the 62.7 km Tobu Noda Line. Passengers can also transfer to nearby Keisei Funabashi Station on the Keisei Main Line.
Station layout.
The JR East station has a "Midori no Madoguchi" staffed ticket office and also a "View Plaza" travel agency.
History.
The Tobu station opened on 27 December 1923. The JR East (formerly JNR) station opened on 20 July 1952. It became an elevated structure from 26 October 1983. From 17 March 2012, station numbering was introduced on the Tobu Noda Line, with Funabashi Station becoming "TD-35".
Waist-high platform edge doors were installed on the Tobu Noda Line platforms in early February 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="19930094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930094" title="Higashi-Funabashi Station">
Higashi-Funabashi Station

Lines.
Higashi-Funabashi Station is located on the Sōbu Main Line and is served by Chūō-Sōbu Line local services.
Station layout.
The station has a "Midori no Madoguchi" staffed ticket office.
History.
Higashi-Funabashi Station opened on 1 October 1981.
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2011, the station was used by an average of 18,563 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).

</doc>
<doc id="19930095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930095" title="Tsudanuma Station">
Tsudanuma Station

It is served by the Sōbu Main Line (rapid service and local service) operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East).

</doc>
<doc id="19930096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930096" title="Makuhari-Hongō Station">
Makuhari-Hongō Station

History.
The station opened on October 1, 1981. The Keisei section opened on August 7, 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="19930097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930097" title="Makuhari Station">
Makuhari Station

It is served by the Sōbu Main Line (Chūō-Sōbu Line local service) operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East).

</doc>
<doc id="19930098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930098" title="Shin-Kemigawa Station">
Shin-Kemigawa Station

Lines.
Shin-Kemigawa Station is served by the Sōbu Main Line (Chūō-Sōbu Line local service).
History.
The station opened on 15 July 1951.
Passenger statistics.
In fiscal 2010, the station was used by an average of 23,101 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).

</doc>
<doc id="19930099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930099" title="Inage Station">
Inage Station

Lines.
Inage Station is located on the Sōbu Main Line, 35.0 km from Tokyo Station, and is served by both Sōbu Line (Rapid) services and Chūō-Sōbu Line all-stations local services.
Station layout.
The station has a "Midori no Madoguchi" staffed ticket counter and also a "View Plaza" travel agency.
History.
The station opened on 13 September 1899.

</doc>
<doc id="19930100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930100" title="Nishi-Chiba Station">
Nishi-Chiba Station

Lines.
Nishi-Chiba Station is served by the Chūō-Sōbu Line.
Station layout.
The elevated station consists of an island platform serving two tracks. There are also two express tracks north of track 2; these are used by rapid Sōbu Main Line trains that pass through the station non-stop.
History.
The station opened on October 1, 1942.

</doc>
<doc id="19930105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930105" title="Nicasio Silverio">
Nicasio Silverio

Nicasio Silverio (born December 27, 1930 in Havana, Ciudad de la Habana) was a Cuban swimmer. He competed in the freestyle events. 
Silverio twice competed for his native country at the Summer Olympics: 1948 and 1952. He won the bronze medal in the men's 100 m freestyle event at the 1951 Pan American Games. He was inducted into the Cuban Hall of Fame for Swimming.

</doc>
<doc id="19930111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930111" title="Mararanjani">
Mararanjani

Mararanjani (pronounced māraranjani) is a rāgam in Carnatic music (musical scale of South Indian classical music). It is the 25th "Melakarta" rāgam in the 72 "melakarta" rāgam system of Carnatic music. It is called Sharāvati in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music.
Structure and Lakshana.
It is the 1st rāgam in the 5th "chakra Bana". The mnemonic name is "Bana-Pa". The mnemonic phrase is "sa ri gu ma pa dha na". Its "" structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see "swaras" in Carnatic music for details on below notation and terms):
As it is a "melakarta" rāgam, by definition it is a "sampoorna" rāgam (has all seven notes in ascending and descending scale). It is the "shuddha madhyamam" equivalent of "Kantamani", which is the 61st "melakarta".
"Janya" rāgams.
"Mararanjani" has a few minor "janya" rāgams (derived scales) associated with it, of which "Janasammodini" is one of the better known rāgams. See List of "janya" rāgams" for all rāgams associated with this scale.
Compositions.
A few compositions set to "Mararanjani" are:
Related rāgams.
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
"Mararanjani's" notes when shifted using "Graha bhedam", yields "Vanaspati", a minor "melakarta" rāgam. "Graha bhedam" is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the "shadjam" to the next note in the rāgam. For further details and an illustration refer "Graha bhedam on Vanaspati".

</doc>
<doc id="19930128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930128" title="Zoilos (disambiguation)">
Zoilos (disambiguation)

Zoilos I (reigned "c."130 BCE–120 BCE), Indo-Greek king, known as "The Just", who ruled in Northern India.
Zoilos or Zoilus may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19930137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930137" title="Naganandini">
Naganandini

Naganandini (pronounced naganandini-daughter of Naga/Mountain ie Pārvati) is a rāgam (musical scale) in Carnatic music (South Indian classical music). It is the 30th "Melakarta" rāgam in the 72 "melakarta" rāgam system of Carnatic music. It is called Nāgābharanam in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music.
Structure and Lakshana.
It is the 6th rāgam in the 5th "chakra Bana". The mnemonic name is "Bana-Sha". The mnemonic phrase is "sa ri gu ma pa dhu nu". Its "" structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see "swaras" in Carnatic music for details on below notation and terms):
As it is a "melakarta" rāgam, by definition it is a "sampoorna" rāgam (has all seven notes in ascending and descending scale). It is the "shuddha madhyamam" equivalent of "Chitrambari", the 66th "melakarta".
"Janya" rāgams.
"Naganandini" has a few minor "janya" rāgams (derived scales) associated with it. See List of "janya" rāgams for all rāgams associated with "Naganandini".
Compositions.
A few compositions set to "Naganandini" are:
Related rāgams.
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
"Naganandini's" notes when shifted using "Graha bhedam", yields 2 other minor "melakarta" rāgams, namely, "Bhavapriya" and "Vagadheeshwari". "Graha bhedam" is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the "shadjam" to the next note in the rāgam. For further details and an illustration refer "Graha bhedam on Naganandini".

</doc>
<doc id="19930138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930138" title="Transit of Venus March">
Transit of Venus March

The Transit of Venus March is a march scored for military brass band written by John Philip Sousa in 1883 to celebrate the 1882 Transit of Venus and published by the J.W. Pepper Company. The work was erroneously thought to be lost for over 100 years when a piano transcription published in 1896 was found by a Library of Congress employee in 2003. Copies of the original Pepper publication, however, do survive.
Background.
One year after the 1882 Transit of Venus, Sousa was commissioned to compose a processional for the unveiling of a bronze statue of American physicist Joseph Henry, who had died in 1878. Henry, who had developed the first electric motor, was also the first secretary of the Smithsonian Institution in Washington, D.C.
A Freemason, Sousa was fascinated by what the group considered mystical qualities in otherwise natural phenomena. According to Sten Odenwald of the NASA IMAGE Science Center, this played a significant role in the selection of the time and date of the performance, April 19, 1883, at 4:00 P.M. Dr. Odenwald points out that Venus and Mars, invisible to the participants, were setting in the west. At the same time, the moon, Uranus, and Virgo were rising in the east, Saturn had crossed the meridian, and Jupiter was directly overhead. According to Masonic lore, Venus was associated with the element copper, and Joseph Henry had used large quantities of copper wire to build his electric motors.
2003 resurrection.
The "Transit of Venus March" never caught on during Sousa's lifetime. It went unplayed for many years, after Sousa's manuscript copies of the music were destroyed in a flood. As reported in "The Washington Post", Library of Congress employee "Loris J.Schissel" found copies of the old sheet music for the "Transit of Venus March" "languishing in the library's files". The piece was resurrected in time for the 2004 Transit of Venus. The piece had been performed on compilation albums before then, but it was the 2004 transit that brought it to wide public attention.
The Library of Congress joined with NASA to celebrate the 2004 transit with this march.
Gallery.
Transits of Venus.
Copies of the original march (including all player parts) published by JW Pepper in 1883 are publicly available at www.bandmusicpdf.org.

</doc>
<doc id="19930154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930154" title="John Simmons (conductor)">
John Simmons (conductor)

John Simmons (October 22, 1947 - March 16, 1988) was an American conductor, musical arranger, soul singer and keyboardist.
Biography.
Singer Whitney Houston's enormous popularity in the 1980s gave audiences a chance to see John Simmons in action during events such as the Moment of Truth World Tour. This conquest of the international pop music audience took place in 1987 and 1988, the last years of Simmons' life, but as a keyboardist as well as an excellent vocalist himself, Simmons was Houston's musical director and backup bandleader, an assignment he had also previously carried out for Stephanie Mills. Simmons had his own taste of chart success as a member of the Reflections, a vocal group formed in New York City in the early 1970s. His background was in gospel, a talent that logically helped push him into R&B waters, as in the case of many other performers in these related styles. Soulful singer Melba Moore wanted a vocal group who could hold forth with credibility during a special gospel section of her live show, settling on Simmons and colleagues including his brother Edmund Simmons. The Reflections wound up touring with Moore for more than three years. The group then began recording on its own for the Capitol label. "Three Steps from True Love" became a hit, but the only one the group managed to have while active. ""She's My Summer Breeze"," upon what would have to be described as subsequent Reflections, eventually turned trendy on the British rare groove scene. Simmons discography also includes sideman appearances on recordings by Mills and Peggi Blu. His greatest stretch seems to have taken place on a Leadbelly tribute concert produced by avant-garde jazz composer Heiner Stadler.
He has been credited for Ricky Minor's success as well as Stephanie Mills first gold album, ""Whatcha Gonna Do With My Lovin"'" in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="19930174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930174" title="Oreostemma peirsonii">
Oreostemma peirsonii

Oreostemma peirsonii (formerly "Aster peirsonii") is a species of aster known by the common names Peirson's aster and Peirson's mountaincrown. 
It is endemic to the Sierra Nevada of California, especially around the area where Fresno, Tulare, and Inyo Counties meet. It is a plant of the alpine climate of the high mountain peaks. 
Description.
"Oreostemma peirsonii" is a small perennial herb growing from a caudex and taproot. It lies flat on the ground, growing no taller than about 8 centimeters. The leaves are located at the base of the plant and are linear in shape and narrow, growing a few centimeters long. The stem and leaves are mostly hairless and have scattered resin glands. 
The inflorescence bears a single flower head lined with green or purplish phyllaries. The head contains many purple ray florets between 1 and 2 centimeters long around a center of yellow disc florets. The fruit is an achene.

</doc>
<doc id="19930185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930185" title="Tonatiuh Gutiérrez">
Tonatiuh Gutiérrez

Tonatiuh Gutiérrez (born November 20, 1929) was a swimmer from Mexico. He competed in the freestyle and the backstroke events.
Gutiérrez twice competed for his native country at the Summer Olympics of 1948 and 1952. He also won two medals (silver and bronze) in the men's freestyle events at the 1951 Pan American Games.

</doc>
<doc id="19930189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930189" title="Jessie Joe Parker">
Jessie Joe Parker

Jessie Joe Parker (born 8 July 1985) is a Papua New Guinean rugby league footballer, who has played for the Papua New Guinea national rugby league team, representing them at the 2008 World Cup and the 2010 Four Nations in 2010. His position of preference is at centre, although he is something of a utility player.
Playing career.
After several impressive seasons in the PNG domestic league, Parker signed for Cairns based Queensland Cup side Northern Pride for 2009.
In 2009, Parker joined Championship big spenders Featherstone Rovers on a two-year contract at Post Office Road. He signed with the Wakefield Trinity for 2011, however Jessie had to cancel his contract due to personal reasons . He joined Whitehaven in 2012.
Representative career.
Parker was named in the Papua New Guinea training squad in August, 2008 for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup. He went on to play for PNG in the World Cup. He was named as part of the Papua New Guinea squad for the 2009 Pacific Cup.
He played for Papua New Guinea in the 2010 Four Nations tournament. He played at both centre and fullback in the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="19930192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930192" title="Baling Talks">
Baling Talks

The Baling Talks were held in Malaya in 1956 in an attempt to resolve the Malayan Emergency situation. The main participants were Chin Peng, David Marshall and Tunku Abdul Rahman. The talks were unsuccessful because the surrender terms were not acceptable to the Malayan Communist Party. After the talks, Chin Peng retired to Thailand and Ah Hai replaced him as acting Secretary-General in Malaya.
Background.
The Malayan Emergency refers to a state of emergency declared by the British colonial government of Malaya in 1948 which was lifted in 1960. There was an insurrection and guerrilla war fought between government forces and the Malayan National Liberation Army (MNLA) during the same period. The state of emergency entailed the revocation of many civil rights, the granting of special powers to the police, and other measures.He then mentioned the High Commissioner's announcement in the Legislative Council on 30 November that the British Government no longer considered "the Continuation of the Emergency" as "an obstacle to the Federation's advance to self-government" aimed at the suppression of left wing political movements, especially the Malayan Communist Party (MCP). 
On September 8, 1955, the Government of the Federation of Malaya issued a declaration of amnesty to the Communists. The Government of Singapore issued an identical offer at the same time. However, few Communists surrendered to the authorities. It was evident that the Communists, having had ample warning of its declaration, conducted intensive anti-amnesty propaganda in their ranks and among the mass organizations, tightened discipline and warned that defection would be severely punished.
Realizing that his conflict had not come to any fruition, Chin Peng proposed a referendum to the ruling British government alongside many Malayan officials in 1955. The meeting was intended to pursue a mutual end to the conflict but the Malayan government representatives, led by Tunku Abdul Rahman, dismissed all of Chin Peng's demands. As a result, the conflict heightened and, in response, New Zealand sent NZSAS soldiers, No. 14 Squadron RNZAF and later No. 75 Squadron RNZAF; and other Commonwealth members also sent troops to aid the British.
Events Prior to the Talks.
The Alliance Proposals.
On being elected as the new President of UMNO in 1951, Tunku Abdul Rahman announced to his supporters his determination to achieve very early self-government in Malaya. However, so long as the Communist terrorism remained undefeated, the Tunku believed that the British government would not grant self-government to Malaya. The Tunku's interpretation was based on the British Government directive to Sir Gerald Templer, on his appointment as the new High Commissioner for Malaya in 1951, which stated that "Her Majesty's Government would not lay aside the responsibility in Malaya until they are satisfied that Communist Terrorism has been defeated." The termination of the Emergency was the first priority of the Alliance, and it wished to try every means possible to achieving it. 
It was to this end that, in early January 1955, the Tunku made a dramatic call for the granting of an amnesty to the Communists as part of a deal to bring to an end the state of emergency in Malaya. The Tunku's proposal envisaged that, since a more truly national form of government was about to be introduced into the Federation, the Communists could no longer assert that they were fighting against British Imperialism and would be ready to give up the struggle. His proposal contemplated the granting of amnesty and the stepping-up of the campaign against the Communists if the amnesty was rejected. Dato' Seri Tan Cheng Lock, President of the "Malayan Chinese Association" (MCA) echoed at once the Tunku's sentiment, and even went so far as to publicly volunteer to go into the jungle to negotiate with the Communists. 
The public response to the Tunku's proposal was favourable for it held out the hope that it would lead to an end of militant communism and relieve the country of the heavy financial commitment of waging the emergency campaign. Moreover, its coincidence with the amnesty offered to the Mau Mau terrorists in Kenya, which was announced some weeks earlier, stimulated the public interest in the prospects of a similar amnesty in Malaya. 
On 12 January 1955, a meeting of the UMNO-MCA Alliance, was held at Malacca to discuss the Tunku's amnesty proposal. The meeting decided to "ask the Federation Government to offer amnesty terms to the Communist terrorists". The Committee decision was that "terrorists accepting the amnesty should be sent back to China or be rehabilitated and allowed to remain good citizens".
The Tunku's proposal was looked at askance by the British authorities. The British did not believe that, under the circumstances obtaining in January 1955, the offer of an amnesty would be likely to bring in more surrenders than their current policy of encouraging the terrorists to surrender individually in the understanding that they would be fairly and humanely treated. 
There was also the major difficulty that any amnesty offer would have at some stage to be given a definite term. In addition there was a fear that the ending of the amnesty period would result in a decline in the then flow of surrenders until confidence was again built up in the treatment of surrendered Communists under normal conditions. 
In a telegram to the Secretary of State for the Colonies, the High Commissioner, Sir Donald MacGilivray, noted that:
On 11 January 1955, Tunku Abdul Rahman met the Director of Operations, Lt. General Sir Geoffrey Bourne, in connection with the amnesty proposal. The Tunku stated that his objective in making his suggestion was not so much that the Malayan Communist Party would accept an offer of amnesty but to convince the people of Malaya that everything possible was being done. After elections he could impose a greater degree of mobilisation than was possible under the present Government. He fully realised that any direct negotiation with the Communists was out of the question. He stressed that it would not be acceptable for the Communists Party to be allowed to operate legally. 
The proposal was further discussed on January 17 by the Director of Operations Committee, which comprised not only the Director of Operations and his Service Advisers, but a number of political leaders. The Alliance was represented by Tunku Abdul Rahman and H.S. Lee. The Tunku was asked by the Committee to clarify his amnesty proposal and the eight-point arrangements for an amnesty as proposed by the UMNO-MCA Alliance meeting at Malacca. After the discussion, it was appreciated by the Tunku and H.S. Lee that an amnesty was not like an armistice, something to be negotiated with the Communists' leaders, but was a standing offer of pardon for each individual terrorist. It was also agreed that the amnesty question should not become a party matter. 
Further publicity about the amnesty was also considered to be undesirable as it would adversely affect conduct of the campaign to encourage the Communists to surrender to the Government. Furthermore, the Communists leaders themselves, in their clandestine news-letter, condemned the Alliance's proposal as a British intrigue, designed to cause dissension in the Malayan Communist Party and to isolate it from public support. The Tunku consented to drop the proposal. Both accordingly welcomed a suggestion that a working party should be set up to examine all the implications of an amnesty. The findings were to be recorded for the information of the Director of Operations Committee. The composition of the working party was to be as follows: the principal Staff Officer to the Director of Operations, Secretary for Defence, a representative of the Attorney-General, Tunku Abdul Rahman, H.S Lee of the Malayan Chinese Association and V.M. Menon of Party Negara. After the meeting, the following press release was issued:
The rejection by the Federal Government of the Alliance's proposal for an amnesty was strongly supported by the "Manchester Guardian", a British newspaper. In its editorial, the newspaper commented that an amnesty was appropriate when rebels had lost the desire to continue the struggle with the Government, and in return for the act of oblivion, were willing to become again law-abiding citizen. However, this was not the case in Malaya. The active members of the Malayan Communists Party would accept the amnesty only if they felt that afterwards they would be in a stronger position and not a weaker one in their struggle with the Government. The form of amnesty which was proposed by the Alliance seemed to envisage that the Communists would maintain their party organisation intact and would turn their acts of guerrilla warfare to electioneering in a constitutional way.
The Tunku however was not prepared to give way lightly to the shelving of his proposals and the Alliance restated its view on the question of an amnesty in its Election Manifesto issues in May 1955. The Manifesto contained an undertaking to offer a general amnesty to the Communists in the following terms:
The Communists' negotiation offer.
A month before the election, with the country increasingly gripped with political fever, the Malayan Communist Party took the initiative by putting forward a counter-offer to enter into negotiations for the termination of hostilities. The offer was contained in a letter written in Chinese, copies of which were sent to a number of leading personalities and organisations in the Federation of Malaya and in Singapore. The letter was signed by a representative of the "Malayan Races' Liberation Army" and dated the 1st May, and had been posted in Haadyai in Southern Thailand. None of these letters were sent direct to the High Commissioner or to any of his officers. The letter asked a safe conduct to enable representatives of the Headquarters of the Communists terrorists to come out to negotiate both a ceasefire and the participation of the Communist Party in the future development of the country. The letter also rejected the Alliance's amnesty offer.
The imminence of the Federal elections probably explained why the MCP chose to make their offer at that particular time. Furthermore, the offer was consistent with the then International Communist policy of turning from an armed attack, or the threat of armed attack, to expansion by political means. At the second conference of the Communist an Workers' Parties of the British Commonwealth held in London in April 1954 a report entitled "Malaya Fights for Freedom" had been submitted by the exiled Lim Hong Bee that favoured, among other things, a provisional coalition People's government formed by all patriotic parties to achieve full national independence. In August 1954 a Malayan delegate to the Council of World Democratic Youth in Peking was quoted as saying "... they are willing to undertake peace talks to bring the Malayan war to an end..." By November 1954 a guerrilla newssheet produced in the Kedah/Penang area carried this report together with approval of the Geneva Conference on Indochina as an example of "how disputes can be solved justly by peaceful means". The British in Malaya were specifically urged to follow the French example in Indochina. 
The MCP's proposal was discussed both by the Executive Council and the Director of Operations Committee. At this meeting, which was attended by Tunku Abdul Rahman and other leaders, a unanimous decision was made to reject the MCP's proposal. In a statement issued by the Federation Government on 24 June 1955, the Government made it clear that the present surrender terms were a real and continuing measure of amnesty and made adequate provision for those fighting in the jungle to come out if they wished to do so. The Government believed that the "terrorist leaders" in Malaya had special reasons for wishing to call off the shooting war. It was thought that the Communist leaders realized that they were slowly and steadily being defeated by the Security Forces and wished to concentrate their main efforts on subversion. For that purpose it was essential to them that the trained cadres should emerge from the jungle and organize subversive activities in the towns. The proposal for amnesty talks put forward by the Alliance in January was unacceptable to the Communist leaders because it did not seem likely to allow them to roam at will in the Federation and they would be faced with the alternatives of either a long period in detention or of deportation to China.
Reactions to this refusal by the Government were varied. The rejection was supported by the Alliance and Party Negara. The Labour Party of Malaya, however, expressed the view that the rejection was over-hasty and that the offer should have been more further examined. Of the Chinese newspapers, only the "Nanyang Siang Pau" had questioned the wisdom of the Government's rejection. This paper argued that the offer was worthy of closer attention than it had received and that nothing would have been lost by meeting the Communists round the table to test their sincerity. The other Chinese newspapers, particularly those with a KMT or Chinese Nationalist background, strongly supported the Government's rejection and described the peace offer as a manoeuvre to bring about the relaxation of military pressure which would facilitate the infiltration.
Having rejected the Communist's proposal, the Director of the Operations Committee thought that it was necessary to take a positive step to show that the government was doing everything in its power to end the emergency. The Committee, which discussed the matter at a series of meetings held in June and July, decided to offer an amnesty to the Communists. The Committee was of the opinion that such an offer would be a timely counter-move by the Federation Government to offset the propaganda value of the Communists' negotiation proposal and to convince neutral opinion that the Government was not seeking to prolong the shooting but was prepared to make a positive proposal to end it. Even if the hard core of leaders did not respond, large numbers of the rank-and-file members might take advantage of a formal offer of amnesty to give themselves up and escape from the privations of jungle life, thus causing a split between the leaders and the rank-and-life. An all-out campaign such as by leaflets and loudspeakers aircraft was thought to be necessary to bring the offer to the attention of the terrorists.
The Committee also took into consideration the declaration made by the Alliance in their Election Manifesto that, if they were successful at the Elections, they would declare an amnesty. Since the expectations were that the Alliance would be the major party, it was clearly prudent that some thoughts should be given in advance to the ways to which an amnesty offer might be made. If the Government opposed the granting of an amnesty it would play into the hands of the Communists for propaganda purposes.
The only objection to granting an amnesty, according to the Committee, was that it would have to be limited in time. When it had expired, the remaining terrorists would exhibit a drop in the number of surrenders until confidence could be built up again.
The Director of Operations Committee concluded, however, that the advantages of offering an amnesty outweighed the possible risks and difficulties, and that the offer would carry particular weight if it were made by the new Government soon after the elections.
To this end, the Committee began to draft the wording of the amnesty terms. Malcolm MacDonald, the British Commissioner-General for Southeast Asia, suggested that the terms should be designed to appeal to the rank-and-file terrorists who, not being hardcore Communists, had been intimidated by the Communists into taking up arms and having done so, had been forced to stay in the jungle. Though those who surrender would not be prosecuted they would be required to demonstrate their loyalty to the Government before they would be allowed to return to their families. The anesty involved neither negotiation with the Communists nor recognition of the Malayan Communists Party. The British Defence Committee of the Cabinet was also involved in drafting the terms. The Defence Committee considered that the point to be stressed was that Communists who surrendered would not be shot but that no hope should be held out that they would escape detention. Furthermore, it added that, it was essential that the hard core Communists should be detained for some time because if they were released they would cause further trouble in Malaya and if they were deported they would cause trouble in Southeast Asia. The Committee thought that the amnesty terms should not include any reference to the possibility of helping a Communist who surrendered to leave the country. it was suggested that no time limit should be inserted in the offer.
The Talks.
The talks took place in the Government English School at Baling on December 28. They lasted more than eight hours, and were spread over two days. The MCP was represented by Chin Peng, the Secretary-General, Rashid Maidin and Chen Tien, head of the MCP's Central Propaganda Department. On the other side were three elected national representatives; Tunku Abdul Rahman, Dato Tan Cheng-Lock and David Marshall.
In his opening remarks, Tunku Abdul Rahman thanked the Communists for the confidence they had show in coming to the meeting. He reminded them that his task was to explain the amnesty terms but not to stand in judgement over them. He then detailed the political changes which had been taking place in Malaya and explained that his election victory was based on the promise that "colonialism must end and that this country must be given freedom." He then mentioned the High Commissioner's announcement in the Legislative Council on 30 November that the British Government no longer considered "the Continuation of the Emergency" as "an obstacle to the Federation's advance to self-government". The British Government intended to enter the London talks in January "on that understanding". Since then the UMNO Assembly had passed a very important resolution to the effect that independence for Malaya must be given by the 31 August 1957.
The Tunku then explained to Chin Peng that the objective of his Party was to bring peace to the country. But, in his opinion, there would be no way of bringing about peace other than to offer suitable amnesty terms for the surrender of the Communists. The Tunku reiterated that if the Communists accepted the amnesty "everyone would be pardoned." The Tunku then explained the amnesty terms in full. He added that the Government had carried out its part of the terms with regard to local ceasefires but that the Communists had continued offensive action. As a result, ceasefire arrangements had been suspended by the Government, although the Security Forces would like to know the reason. The Tunku also reminded Chin Peng that he did not come to the meeting as a spokesman for the British Government, he came "neither as the stooge or running dog of colonialism" but as a "servant of the people".
Chin Peng replied that it was because he realised that the Tunku was not "the spokesman of the British Government or the running dog of the British Government" that they were prepared to meet them at a risk to their lives.
Chin Peng explained that he had not come to the meeting to argue questions of ideology but to search for peace "so that the misery of the people can be reduced". Chin Peng pointed out the MCP rejected the amnesty offer because it did not permit Communists to "enjoy equal status so that those that genuinely intended to be loyal to the Government would be "helped to regain their normal position in society." Chin Peng then mentioned the past statement by the Tunku that if the MCP stopped the armed struggle, then they could enjoy a status that would enable them to fight for independence by constitutional means. The amnesty terms did not contain such a point.
To this the Tunku replied that the amnesty specifically declared that Communists who gave up communism and showed that they genuinely intended to be loyal to the government would be "helped to regain their normal position in society". First, however, the communists would have to show their loyalty to Malaysia. In his view, simply to be anti-British was not sufficient to show that one was loyal to Malaya. The Tunku pointed out that the Malayan people regarded the Communist activities as something entirely foreign to the Malayan way of life. They regarded the Communist Party as belonging to a power outside the country and considered that its members gave allegiance to that foreign country and not Malaya.
During the second session, the discussion revolved around the question of loyalty to Malaya and recognition of the Malayan Communist Party. Chin Peng asked the Tunku to explain the actual meaning of "loyalty to Malaya." The Tunku stated that one of the things the Malayan people expected was that the Communist should give up their Communist activities. Loyalty to Malaya would include acceptance of the position of the Rulers and agreement to uphold their dignity. Dato Sir Tan Cheng-Lock added that if a man wanted to live in Malaya, he should assume the responsibilities and duties of a good citizen. David Marshall defined loyalty as "loyalty to the government of the day, and loyalty to the constitutional processes in bringing about such changes for the welfare of the people.
The talk then turned to the question of the recognition of the Malayan Communist Party. Chin Peng asked for recognition of the Malayan Communist Party. He asked the Tunku whether the giving up of Communist activities meant the dissolution of the Malayan Communist Party. The Tunku answered that it did. Chin Peng stressed the point that, as a member of the Malayan Communist Party, they were not prepared to be forced by others to give up that ideology, but wished to put their ideology to the people to decide, if that were possible. The Tunku replied that if the Malayan Communist Party was allowed to take part in free election, the people would choose the Alliance. The Tunku continued that the Communist and Malayan ideologies were not the same. The Malayan people preferred their own way of life, and the Communists must accept the way of life accepted by the majority. Chin Peng admitted that during the last few year, political progress had been made in Malaya and it was because of that he believed that the time had come when the Communist should come to the meeting with sincerity in the hope that they could solve their problems. However, he reiterated that he could not accept the amnesty conditions as they were then, because those conditions required them to dissolve the Malayan Communist Party. When asked by Chin Peng on what other means the emergency could be ended, the Tunku replied that Chin Peng and the members of the Malayan Communist Party must give up their communist activities and prove themselves loyal to the country.
Chin Peng stated that he did not see why since they were Communists they should "declare to the people that they were Communist. They did not wish to join other political parties and then do their scheming or intrigues. That is why they wanted the question of the recognition of the MCP to be settled"
Then Tunku said that he was not asking Communist to give up their ideology- "one's ideology is what one believes in" - but their activities were something quite different.
The Tunku reiterated that the Federal Government was not prepared to recognise the Malayan Communist Party because Communist activities had been associated with murder, with atrocities and with acts of violence of every kind. Furthermore, the MCP was composed of very few Malayan nationals. Chin Peng then asked whether the difference was because most of the members of the MCP in Malaya were Chinese. David Marshall replied that as far as Singapore was concerned that had nothing to do with it. The point was that the Communists were exercising violence. The Tunku added that in Malaya the situation was different because the Malays felt that the Communist owned their allegiance to Communist China.
Chin Peng put one more question before another adjournment. Was it necessary for any decisions made at the meeting to be approved by the British Government? The Tunku replied: "If I decide and Mr. Marshall agrees with me, that will be all."
The next session started at 6.30 p.m. and lasted until 8.05 p.m. Chin Peng returned with fresh vigour to the question of recognition of his party. One of several gambits turned on the question of whether his party would be accepted if its members were confined to federal citizens. "No", answered Tunku.
The talk turned to other aspects, such as the detention of surrendered terrorists for purposes of interrogation and investigation. The Tunku explained that investigation would be carried out very speedily. "We want to extract a promise from you that you will not carry on your activities, which we say are not loyal to Malaya and are prejudicial to the interests of Malaya and Malayans. We will want you to sign a declaration to that effect".
Chin Peng refused to accept this, declaring that for the "dignity of man" if this principle was insisted upon, then they would have to carry on with the struggle. This brought a question from Marshall, "Forgive me for asking, but what are you struggling for?" Chin Peng solemnly replied, "It is very simple, just for the dignity of man." Marshall exclaimed that using deed of violence to enforce their views on a population that does not want them was hardly compatible with the dignity of man. Chin Peng admitted that their outlook on this question was quite different and he was prepared to argue on it.
It was at this point that the talk really broke down. Chin Peng came back time and again to the points on which the Communists insisted: recognition of the MCP, no detention, no investigation and no restriction on their movements after surrender. The Tunku made it clear that after investigations and the removal of restriction on freedom, those Communists who remained in Malaya could join recognized political parties and to take part in politics, but they would not allowed to form a Communist Party under another name. At the end of the session, Marshall pleaded with them to try to consider the question soberly and to remember that there must be some sacrifice on their part. The Chief Ministers informed Chin Peng that they would be prepared to meet again on the following morning.
The delegations met again at 10.30 the next morning, but from the very beginning, Chin Peng continued his cardinal requests for political recognition of his party and freedom for its members. For Chin Peng, the purpose of investigation implied surrender and was unacceptable. He considered it as a humiliation: "If you demand our surrender we would prefer to fight to the last man". The Tunku replied that some surrender was inevitable. "... if you do not come out to surrender, we would rather not accept you in our society. If you want to have peace in this country, one side must give way. Either we give in to you or you give in to us." The Tunku stressed that he was not prepared to allow a situation where Malaya might be divided as had happened in the case of Korea and Vietnam. Malaya was too small and he had, therefore, to be frank with them and say that is was they who must surrender. The Chief Minister, before leaving, then appealed to Chin Peng to think of the general welfare of the people and informed him that if, in the near future, the Communists were prepared to show any change of attitude, they would not consider their pride in coming to meet him again. Within an hour, Chin Peng and his colleagues were returning to Klian Intan. The next day he joined his bodyguard and disappeared in the direction of South Thailand.
The withdrawal of the amnesty offer.
Following the talks, the Tunku decided to withdraw the offer of an amnesty on 8 February 1956, five months after if had been offered. He stated that he would be unwilling to meet the Communists again unless they indicated before hand their desire to see him with a view to making "a complete surrender". He said that the Communists had made it clear to him that their ideology and that of himself and his party could not exist side by side. Therefore, the war must be intensified until one or the other gave in. "I have every confidence that the people of Malaya will give their fullest support and co-operation to the action I have taken."
Despite the failure of the Baling talk, the MCP made further efforts to resume peace talks with the Malayan Government but to no avail. A few weeks after the Baling talks, Tan Siew Sin received a letter from Chen Tien, requesting a resumption of peace talks and the repeal of the emergency regulations. The request was immediately rejected by the Chief Minister and instead, discussions began in the new Emergency Operations Council to intensify the "People's War" against the guerrillas. In July 1957, a few weeks before independence, the MCP made a further request for peace talks to take place. The MCP suggested the following conditions for a negotiated peace; its members would be given privileges enjoyed by ordinary citizens and there would be a guarantee that political as well as armed members of the MCP would not be punished. The Tunku, however, did not respond to the MCP's proposal.
On 31 August 1957 Malaya achieved her Independence with Tunku Abdul Rahman as the Prime Minister. With the achievement of independence, there was a marked increase in the MCPs peace proposals and in November 1957, after a direct proposal from Chin Peng, Tunku Abdul Rahman agreed to a preliminary meeting. The border town of Kroh was chosen as a site for possible talks. However, Chin Peng, did not accept the principle of surrender and as a result, the talks failed to take place. After that, the MCP strength began to decline. The Malayan Government increased its military activities to suppress the MCP and by 1960 they were forced to retire over the border because of their dwindling strength. Finally, on 31 July 1960, the Malayan Government declared the ending of the twelve-year emergency. There continued to be minor incidents, but the communists were no longer a threat. They had lost their reason for insurrection as Malaya had achieved independence.

</doc>
<doc id="19930204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930204" title="2008 MLS Expansion Draft">
2008 MLS Expansion Draft

The 2008 MLS Expansion Draft took place on November 26, 2008, and was a special draft for the Major League Soccer expansion team Seattle Sounders FC. They made 10 selections from a pool of players from the other 14 MLS clubs.
Format.
Source
Team-by-team breakdown.
Source

</doc>
<doc id="19930210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930210" title="Jason Chan (rugby league)">
Jason Chan (rugby league)

Jason Chan (born January 26, 1984 in Sydney, New South Wales) is a rugby league player for the Crusaders in the European Super League. At the international level, he has represented Papua New Guinea. He plays primarily as a second rower, but has filled in at centre and prop forward. He is of Chinese descent.
Early career.
Chan played junior football for the Windsor Wolves in the Jim Beam Cup. His 16 tries and 64 goals helped the Wolves to win the 2008 title.
Super League career.
Chan joined the Crusaders in 2009 as they embarked on their first Super League season. Chan played 23 games for Crusaders that season, including all three of their wins. In 2010, Chan maintained his position in first team, earning the number 12 jumper. 
Following the demise of the Crusaders, Chan joined the Huddersfield Giants, starting in 2012.
Representative career.
In the lead up to the 2008 Rugby League World Cup, Chan was named to the Papua New Guinea training squad and subsequently was named to the final World Cup squad. He played in all three of Papua New Guinea's matches during the World Cup, scoring a single try for the Kumuls in their loss against England.
Chan was named as part of the Papua New Guinea squad for the 2009 Pacific Cup. Chan played in both games for PNG, scoring a try in the first round against Tonga. He was picked for the 2013 Rugby League World Cup for Papua New Guinea but they only made it to the group stages.

</doc>
<doc id="19930212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930212" title="George Keppa">
George Keppa

George Keppa is a rugby league player for Brisbane Norths in Australia. He plays on the wing. He is a Papua New Guinea international.
He has been named in the Papua New Guinea training squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup.
He has been named in the PNG squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19930221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930221" title="David Mead (rugby league)">
David Mead (rugby league)

David Mead (formerly Moore) (born 4 November 1988) is an Papua New Guinean rugby league footballer for the Gold Coast Titans of the National Rugby League. The Papua New Guinea international representative plays primarily on the but can also play both and .
David Mead is known as one of the fastest players in the NRL over 100 metres.
Playing career.
Mead attended Kadina High School and Trinity Catholic College in Lismore New South Wales. He played junior football with Lismore Marist Brothers.
Mead was named in the PNG squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup. He played impressively during the World Cup and his NRL debut for the Gold Coast Titans was highly anticipated.
In 2009, Mead signed a contract extension with the Gold Coast Titans after turning down an offer from the Sydney Roosters. He made his club debut in round 13 of the 2009 season. In round 17, he made his first appearance in the starting line-up, scoring 2 tries. He went on to score 2 tries in the following round. He also scored a double in his first semi-final appearance at the end of the year.
Mead was named as part of the Papua New Guinea squad for the 2009 Pacific Cup. He was named Papua New Guinea player of the year for 2009.
A regular on the wing in 2010, Mead was one of the club's leaders in many statistics before a foot injury sore him miss the rest of the season from July onwards. Mead said, "It is pretty frustrating because I have worked so hard and to get halfway through the year now and it is all just gone, just like that."
Despite the Titans poor record in 2011, Mead played in every game and scored 16 tries from his 24 appearances. In the round 9 match against the New Zealand Warriors, he scored a treble, and finished the season by scoring tries in 6 consecutive matches.
Mead wishes to one day represent Qld in State of Origin and follow in the footsteps of his childhood hero and fellow Papua New Guinean Adrian Lam. Mead played his first senior football for the Titans Toyota Cup side, making him eligible to play for the Maroons.
In the 2013 NRL season's 23rd round Mead became the first Titan to score 50 tries.

</doc>
<doc id="19930223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930223" title="Rick Tippe">
Rick Tippe

Ricky Clarence "Rick" Tippe (born December 21, 1958 in Maple Ridge, British Columbia) is a Canadian country music artist. Tippe has released seven albums on Moon Tan Records, including a greatest hits collection in 2000. His highest charting single, "The Craziest Thing," peaked at No. 9 in 1996. He has won more than 25 awards from the British Columbia Country Music Association, including three consecutive Entertainer of the Year wins from 2001-2003. Tippe has toured across the United States, the United Kingdom and Australia, and opened for artists such as Tracy Byrd, Terri Clark, Mark Chesnutt and Sawyer Brown.
Biography.
Rick Tippe is the son of Canadian Country Music Hall of Fame and British Columbia Country Music Association Hall of Fame inductee Elmer Tippe. He released his first EP, "After All These Years", on Spinner Records in 1992. Two years later, he released his first studio album, 1994's "Should'a Seen Her Comin. The album produced six charting singles, including Tippe's first Top 20 song, "Two Broken Hearted Fools." Its follow-up, 1996's "Get Hot or Go Home", produced another five Top 20 singles, including Tippe's highest charting single, "The Craziest Thing." Tippe was named Male Vocalist of the Year by the BCCMA in 1996, his first of eight consecutive wins in the category.
Tippe's third studio album, "Shiver 'n' Shake", was released in 1998. All four of its singles reached the Top 20 on the "RPM" Canadian country singles chart. Also in 1998, Tippe was named Independent Male Vocalist of the Year by the Canadian Country Music Association. Tippe's first greatest hits collection, "The Best of Rick Tippe", was released in 2000. Proceeds from one of the album's singles, "Keepin' the Faith," have raised more than $25,000 for the Canadian Cancer Society. Tippe swept the 2001 BCCMA Awards, winning Entertainer of the Year, Male Vocalist of the Year, Album of the Year ("The Best of Rick Tippe"), Song of the Year ("Keepin' the Faith"), Single of the Year ("Keepin' the Faith") and the inaugural Video of the Year Award ("Keepin' the Faith").
Following the release of 2002's "Singin' a Different Tune", Tippe took a break from recording. During his hiatus, he was commissioned by Mattel to write, produce and perform a song for the 35th anniversary of Hot Wheels. He began work on an album with his father, Elmer, in 2006. When Elmer suffered an unexpected stroke in November 2006, the project was put on hold. While his dad recovered, Tippe began work on his sixth studio album. His first album in six years, "The Power of One" was released in the summer of 2008. Its first single, "Long Way to Paradise," was released in September 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19930229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930229" title="Rodney Pora">
Rodney Pora

Rodney Pora is a rugby league player for M & J Muruks in Papua New Guinea. He is an Papua New Guinea international.
He has been named in the Papua New Guinea training squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup.
He has been named in the PNG squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup.
Pora was named as part of the Papua New Guinea squad for the 2009 Pacific Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19930242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930242" title="Mel Baker">
Mel Baker

Albert Melville "Mel" Baker (1885 - ?) was a Welsh international, rugby union wing who played club rugby for Newport and South African regional team Griqualand West. He won three caps for Wales and was selected for the British Lions 1910 tour of South Africa.
Rugby career.
Baker first played for Newport in 1907 and was part of the team that faced three the 1910 touring Australian team and scored Newport's only try in the game.
Baker was first capped for Wales on 6 February 1909 when he played against Scotland at Inverleith, under the captaincy of Billy Trew. Wales won the match, and Baker was selected to face France in a match which was at the time not classified as an offiical part of the Home Nations Championship. Wales beat France 47-5 in a one sided game in Paris, with Baker running in a hat-trick of tries. Wales won the Grand Slam that year but Baker was not part of the first game of the next season's tournament. He was reselected for the second match against Scotland, and scored a fourth international try in a 14-0 win for Wales.
In 1910 Baker was offered a place on the British Isles tour of South Africa under the captaincy of Newport's Tommy Smyth. Baker managed to play in only one of the three test games, but decided to stay in South Africa after the end of the tour. He played for South African regional team Griqualand West and in 1911 was part of the team that won the Currie Cup. He played one more game for Newport, during a visit to Wales in 1922, when he turned out in a game against the Barbarians, scoring one of the tries in a 15-6 win for Newport.
International matches played.
Wales
British Isles

</doc>
<doc id="19930243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930243" title="George Moni">
George Moni

George Moni is a rugby league player for M & J Muruks in Papua New Guinea. He is an Papua New Guinea international.
He has been named in the Papua New Guinea training squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup.
He has been named in the PNG squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup.
He played for Papua New Guinea in the 2010 Four Nations tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="19930247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930247" title="Charlie Wabo">
Charlie Wabo

Charlie Wabo is a rugby league player for Mendi Muruks in the Digicel Cup. He plays as a hooker. He is an Papua New Guinea international.
Wabo is from the Okapa District of the Eastern Highlands Province of Papua New Guinea. 
In August 2008, Wabo was named in the Papua New Guinea training squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup and in October he was named in the final PNG squad.
Wabo was named in the interchange in each of PNG's three games in the 2008 Rugby League World Cup.
In 2009 Wabo moved to England to play for Hunslet Hawks in Championship One.
Wabo was named as part of the Papua New Guinea squad for the 2009 Pacific Cup. He was used as an impact sub playing hooker to great effect. His trademark solid tackling and flamboyant play ensured, along with David Mead, he was one of the crowd favorites for the PNG Kumuls during the Pacific Cup.
He played for Papua New Guinea in the 2010 Four Nations tournament. In 2011 he returned to play in Papua New Guinea.

</doc>
<doc id="19930254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930254" title="Nickson Kolo">
Nickson Kolo

Nickson Kolo is a rugby league player, a blockbusting forward who plays for the newly formed club Gulf Isapeas in the Digicel Cup in Papua New Guinea, He is a former Papua New Guinea international.
He has represented Papua New Guinea in the Prime Minister's XIII games between Australia and PNG between 2007 and 2010.
His trade mark, blockbusting runs had earned him a place in the Papua New Guinea training squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup.
He played for PNG in the 2008 Rugby League World Cup.
He has also played for Papua New Guinea in the 2010 Four Nations tournament in New Zealand and Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19930257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930257" title="1990 Monte Carlo Open">
1990 Monte Carlo Open

The 1990 Monte Carlo Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 84th edition of the Monte Carlo Open, and was part of the ATP Super 9 of the 1990 ATP Tour. It took place at the Monte Carlo Country Club in Roquebrune-Cap-Martin, France, near Monte Carlo, Monaco, April 23 through April 29, 1990.
The men's field was headlined by Stefan Edberg and Boris Becker. Other top seeds in the field were Aaron Krickstein, Jay Berger, and Andrés Gómez.

</doc>
<doc id="19930260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930260" title="Anton Kui">
Anton Kui

Anton Kui is a rugby league player for the Bingtangor Lahanis in Papua New Guinea. He is an Papua New Guinea international.
Career.
Kui was named in the Papua New Guinea training squad, and later in the main squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup. He was named as part of the Papua New Guinea squad for the 2009 Pacific Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19930264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930264" title="Nataska">
Nataska

In Hopi mythology Nataska (also Nata´aska and variants) is the uncle of the family of "ogre Katsinas" who guard Soyok Wuhti (Monster Woman), and who enforce good behavior among the children. Nataska is a Mongkatsina (a chief among the Katsinam). Wiharu (White Nataska) is a similar or identical Katsina with a white rather than black face.
As with other Hopi Katsinam, Nataskas exist in three senses: as spiritual beings, as dancers / characters in the yearly rituals (who are understood as metaphors for and to some extent manifestations of the beings), and as carved wooden figures depicting the beings. They serve a cultural role of explaining the Hopi way of life, particularly for indoctrinating children in the society's history, behavioral expectations, moral codes, and ritual practices. They are also part of the ceremony for inducting young children into the Kachina Society.
In both the mask and figure form, Nataska has a large, long snout, and carries a saw or knife in one hand, and a hunting bow in the other. The mask is sometimes hinged to make a clacking sound as the Katsina dancer moves, which is frightening to children. Depending on the village, there may be several Nataskas. They are said to inhabit a series of long caves near Pinon, Arizona.
Nataska appears during the midwinter bean planting ceremony, early in the ceremonial season. On First Mesa and Second Mesa villages (but not on Third Mesa since 1910) men of the village, dressed as Nataska and other ogres, visit the homes of families with children, demanding gifts of food with a warning that if the gift is unsatisfactory when they return, or if the children have misbehaved, they will return to kidnap or eat the children. Often, the families have mentioned their children's misbehavior in advance of the visits, so that the children are frightened into thinking the ogres have special powers of observation. The ogres appear again at the Powamuya (bean dance) accompanying Soyok Wuhti to threaten children against misbehaving. In some versions of the ceremony, they are vanquished or appeased by the end of the dance so as to spare the children's lives, and return to their caves until next season.
Similar Kachinas.
Atoshli is an ogre kachina at Zuni Pueblo. Cochiti has "River Men" from the Rio Grande who threaten to carry off naughty children in sacks. The Arizona Tewa also have mythology about cannibalistic ogres who eat children.

</doc>
<doc id="19930266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930266" title="Menzie Yere">
Menzie Yere

Emmanuel Menzie Yere (born 24 October 1983) is a rugby league player who currently plays for Sheffield Eagles in England. He is a Papua New Guinea international. After two successful years at the Eagles, Yere signed a further three year contract to extend his stay.
In 2010, the club discovered that Yere had been buying kit (particularly boots) and taking unwanted kit to send back to his home country, where kit shortage is a problem. With Yere's support they set up kits2kids, a charity that collects kit from companies, clubs, schools and individuals and ships it to PNG.
Yere is often known as "The Jukebox" because he has so many hits, referring to the large number of heavy tackles he makes in each game.
Representative career.
Yere played for PNG in the 2008 Rugby League World Cup, where he scored one try against Australia.
Yere was named as part of the Papua New Guinea squad for the 2009 Pacific Cup.
He played for Papua New Guinea in the 2010 Four Nations tournament scoring two tries, taking his total representative tries to 9, the most for any PNG player.
Yere was selected by coach Adrian Lam as part of the train-on squad for the 2013 Rugby League World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19930272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930272" title="Yagapriya">
Yagapriya

Yagapriya (pronounced yāgapriya) is a rāgam in Carnatic music (musical scale of South Indian classical music). It is the 31st "melakarta" rāgam in the 72 "melakarta" rāgam system of Carnatic music. It is called Kalāvati in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music. Like many other rāgas, Kalāvati has been adopted in Hindustani music as well.
Structure and Lakshana.
It is the 1st rāgam in the 6th "chakra Rutu". The mnemonic name is "Rutu-Pa". The mnemonic phrase is "sa ru gu ma pa dha na". Its "" structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see "swaras" in Carnatic music for details on below notation and terms):
The notes "shatsruthi rishabham, antara gandharam, shuddha madhyamam, shuddha dhaivatham" and "shuddha nishadham" are used in this rāgam. As "Yagapriya" is a "melakarta", by definition it is a "sampoorna" rāgam (has all seven notes in ascending and descending scale). It is the "shuddha madhyamam" equivalent of "Sucharitra", which is the 67th "melakarta" scale.
"Janya" rāgams.
"Yagapriya" has a few minor "janya" rāgams (derived scales) associated with it. See List of "janya" rāgams for full list of rāgams associated with "Yagapriya".
Compositions.
A few compositions set to "Yagapriya" rāgam are:
Related rāgams.
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
"Yagapriya's" notes when shifted using "Graha bhedam", does not yield any "melakarta" rāgams. "Graha bhedam" is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the "shadjam" to the next note in the rāgam.

</doc>
<doc id="19930275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930275" title="Astragalus acutirostris">
Astragalus acutirostris

Astragalus acutirostris is a species of milkvetch known by the common name sharpkeel milkvetch. It is native to the Mojave Desert and surroundings of California, Nevada, and Arizona, where it grows in dry, sandy, gravelly areas.
Description.
"Astragalus acutirostris" is an annual legume growing a hairy reddish stem no more than 30 centimeters long along the ground or slightly upright. The small leaves are made up of several pairs of small oblong leaflets, each less than a centimeter long and often with notched tips. The inflorescence contains one to six white or pinkish-tinted pealike flowers, each with a banner that curves back. 
The fruit is a slightly curved, narrow legume pod 1 to 3 centimeters long. The pod is thin-walled and coated sparsely in white hairs like the rest of the plant.

</doc>
<doc id="19930279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930279" title="Henschel-Wegmann Train">
Henschel-Wegmann Train

The Henschel-Wegmann Train was a unique passenger express train operated by the Deutsche Reichsbahn in Germany, which ran non-stop express services between Berlin and Dresden from June 1936 to August 1939. Both the DRG Class 61 steam locomotive at its head as well as the coaches were streamlined.
Emergence.
Context.
At the beginning of the 1930s, the Deutsche Reichsbahn-Gesellschaft was increasingly striving to introduce express train services. In 1931 it started building express diesel units like the "Flying Hamburger" and they were introduced with great success from 1933 onwards. As a result a serious competitor had arisen for the steam locomotive industry. Moreover, the Reichsbahn had hardly procured any locomotives since the start of the Great Depression. Comparative calculations indicated that steam engines could be more cost-effective than the new diesel multiple units, so the head of the locomotive firm, Henschel-Werke, in Kassel, and its manager, Karl Imfeld, decided to develop an engine that could compete with the performance of the new diesel railcars.
Planning.
In April 1933, representatives from Henschel and the coach firm of Wegmann & Co. handed a "Study Into A High-Speed Steam Train" ("Studie über einen schnellfahrenden Dampfzug") to the general manager of the Deutsche Reichsbahn-Gesellschaft, Julius Dorpmüller. This report envisaged a light, 4-4-2, superheated, tank locomotive with a two-coach unit, whose procurement and maintenance costs were low and which also offered passengers greater comfort. In order to minimise air resistance, the whole train would be streamlined and the double-coach rounded off at both ends. The locomotive, its streamlining extending at the back over the coal tank, would be able to push or pull from either end of the double-coach depending on the direction of travel. The link between engine and coaches would be an automatic coupling with brake and air pipes.
On 10 January 1934, when the Reichsbahn locomotive expert, Friedrich Fuchs, met the representatives of Henschel and Wegmann, he confronted them however with a proposal for a train with four eight-wheeled coaches instead of the two-coach train. To meet this new requirement, Henschel designed a 4-6-4 tank engine and presented the resulting project study report on 27 March 1934 to the Reichsbahn head office. On 28 August, the Reichsbahn officially contracted Henschel and Wegmann to build the train.
Construction.
The engine was handed over on 31 May 1935. She was cleared for a top speed of 175 km/h which, with her 2.3 metre diameter driving wheels, was easily attained. In scheduled services the engine ran with a streamlined train, but only at speeds up to 160 km/h. The tapered water tanks gave both driver and fireman a good all-round view of the line and the streamlined shell, officially called a "Blechmantel", covered the driving gear fully. 
At around 230,000 Reichsmarks the engine was clearly more expensive than initially suggested. But that included all the design changes. By comparison a production version of the DRG Class 03 cost about 200,000 Reichsmarks. On top of that was the cost of the four coaches, 446,800 Reichsmarks. Three years later, a three-coach express unit of the "Köln" type, in series production, cost 600,000 Reichsmarks, the one-off SVT 135 155 as much as a million Reichsmarks.
Shortly after construction had begun on locomotive 61 001, a variant - number 61 002 - was planned, and built in 1939. Locomotive 61 002 was give a three-axle trailing bogie, a third cylinder and larger coal and water tanks, otherwise the design and the components were the same as her predecessor. It also had smoke deflectors above on the chimney, as were also fitted to the streamlined locomotives of DRG Classes 01.10 and 03.10. In May the first factory trial runs were carried out and the locomotive was transferred on 12 June 1939 to the locomotive depot ("Bahnbetriebswerk") of Berlin-Grunewald.
Vehicle designation and equipment.
The Henschel-Wegmann train comprised the following:
Externally the coaches resembled the express multiple units of those years. In order the achieve the desired speed, they were of light construction and were five to ten tonnes lighter than normal passenger coaches. 
The short-coupled coaches could only be separated in the workshop. To couple the locomotive and coaches Scharfenberg couplers were fitted that at the same time served to couple the brake air pipes. The trailer cars had rounded ends and sloping roofs. The bogies were of the Görlitz III type, the wheelsets ran on roller bearings. Instead of the usual brake blocks the coaches were given disc brakes, that acted directly on the wheel discs.
Operation.
Exhibition of the vehicles.
The Henschel-Wegmann train was initially displayed at the Great Exhibition celebrating the centenary of the German Railways from 14 July to 13 October 1935 in Nuremberg and then went to the Kassel shop for further work. On 29 November the vehicles were once again in Nuremberg for the centenary parade, where they hosted a visit to the driver's cab by Hitler. Not until these propaganda events had taken place could the engineers test its performance.
Trial runs.
On the Berlin-Hamburg railway it reached its record speed of 185 km/h. At this speed serious juddering occurred due to the imbalance caused by the twin-cylinder configuration. The locomotive reached its scheduled cruising speed of 160 km/h within six minutes. By 14 May 1936 the engine had completed almost 21,000 km of trial runs.
Scheduled Service.
As the summer timetable of 1936 came into force, the Henschel-Wegmann train worked the Berlin-Dresden line with two pairs of trains per day. The fastest service took one hour and 40 minutes to cover the distance and broke the previous record by 28 minutes; a record which stands to the present day (2008). In the official calculations the Reichsbahn only measured its speed between Berlin and Dresden Neustadt, thus ignoring the last kilometres to Dresden Hauptbahnhof. Thus the average speed of the train could be advertised as 111,2 km/h.
The short turn-around time in Dresden between the D 54 and D 57 services was clearly quite tight. As it turned out, the locomotive not only had to run around the train, but also to replenish its supplies. Fortunately it did not have to be turned. This problem with the turn-around time was corrected by the Reichsbahn in the winter timetable of 1936. When locomotive 61 001 or its coaches were not available an engine of DRG Class 01 or DRG Class 03 was used. With their top speeds of 130 and 140 km/h, however they were no match for the 61 001.
Passengers only had to pay an express train supplement, not the higher long-distance (FD) supplementary fare, as in the express multiple units.
End of the Train.
In the Second World War.
Shortly before the invasion of Poland in August 1939, express services between the two state capitals were withdrawn. The coaches ended up in the Wehrmacht, where they were initially used by high-ranking officers and, later, for transporting the wounded, after their interior fittings had been removed. 
Locomotive 61 001 was then used as a heating engine at the Berlin-Grunewald locomotive depot ("Bahnbetriebswerk") in Berlin. From December 1940 it was once again being used in Dresden-Altstadt on express services and in November 1942 was given standard train and buffer equipment. Its operating parameters only showed a slight reduction in performance however. From 1943 to the war's end the repair shop ("Ausbesserungswerk") at Brunswick was responsible for the engine.
Inspection and licensing for 61 002 was probably carried out around the turn of the year 1939/40, and it was then no longer used in scheduled services in charge of the Henschel-Wegmann train. That affected a fifth coach built around 1940, that was based in Hamburg-Langenfelde in 1946 together with the other four coaches.
After the War.
Blauer Enzian (Blue Gentian).
After the Second World War the coaches were taken over by the Deutsche Bundesbahn and, in 1954 after conversion by the firm of Wegmann, operated as a train with second class compartments. Later, following the internationally agreed changeover to a two-class system between 1956 and 1959, the coaches were operated as a first class train under the name "Blauer Enzian" (Blue Gentian or "Gentiana verna"), forming the long-distance express service F55/56 between Hamburg and Munich. The train offered the highest levels of comfort. Wegmann converted the former 3rd class compartments in pairs to create larger compartments and the interior was enhanced with swivel chairs. The five coaches of the historic train were only sufficient however for running a single train per day in one direction. The train in the other direction was therefore made up of two saloon cars (one of them from the Hermann Göring train), two unconverted F-Zug dining cars and a trailer car similar to those of the Henschel-Wegmann Train. From April 1959, however, only new, modern coaches were used. Despite all claims that one trailer car remains today, all five original coaches were retired and scrapped in 1962. The trailer car with its observation compartment, which has been incorrectly assumed to be the original trailer car, comes from the second "Blauer Enzian" train, that had been specifically built for that service. Today it is in the collection of the Nuremberg Transport Museum.
Locomotive 61 001.
At the end of the war, locomotive 61 001 found itself in the British Zone and was allocated to the Hanover locomotive depot. Between July 1945 and March 1946 it clocked up 40,000 kilometres in front of passenger trains. In 1947 a general inspection was completed, and on 23 October 1948 the engine was stationed in Bebra, where it was in regular service until May 1949. After a pause, it resumed work from November 1950 covering 3,000 to 10,000 kilometres per month. On 2 November 1951 the engine was badly damaged in an accident at Münster; as a result it was retired on 14 November 1952 and scrapped in 1957.
Locomotive 61 002.
Locomotive 61 002 remained in Dresden and was employed on passenger train duties. As a one-off it created problems for traffic operating staff. However for the Test and Development Centre for Engineering (VES-M under Max Baumberg) it was of interest as a trial engine for speeds over 160 km/h. It was converted in 1961 by the Deutsche Reichsbahn of East Germany at the workshop in Meiningen into a high-speed trials locomotive with a tender and the running number 18 201. With a new-design boiler, outer cylinders from the trials locomotive, H 45 024, and a new welded inner cylinder (the original cylinders were designed for a steam pressure of 20 bar and had too small a bore for the new, 16 bar boiler) and the carrying axle from the high-pressure locomotive, H 45 024, she attained speeds of up to 180 km/h. 
In 2002, number 18 201 was completely overhauled in the Meiningen Steam Locomotive Works and has since been in the possession of "Dampf-Plus" owned by Christian Goldschagg and Axel Zwingenberger.
Stamps.
On 5 October 2006 the German post office, Deutsche Post, issued a charity stamp series of four stamps, which included a stamp of the Henschel-Wegmann train for 145+55 Eurocents depicting locomotive 61 001.
See also.
There was another example of a streamlined train rake using the DRG Class 60 and the double-decker, streamlined, push-pull train on the Lübeck-Büchen railway.

</doc>
<doc id="19930301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930301" title="Pennsylvania state elections, 2007">
Pennsylvania state elections, 2007

Pennsylvania's state elections were held November 6, 2007. Necessary primary elections were held on May 15, 2007

</doc>
<doc id="19930316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930316" title="Rockdale Ilinden Sports Centre">
Rockdale Ilinden Sports Centre

Rockdale Ilinden Sports Centre was located on the grounds of "Barton Park" in Arncliffe, New South Wales in Australia. It was the home ground of the Rockdale Ilinden Football Club, who played in the New South Wales Super League.
A new Rockdale Illenden Sports Centre has been constructed at Bicentennial Park, 468 West Botany Street, Rockdale. It is the home of the Rockdale City Suns Football Club.
The old centre is located near St George Stadium, a football ground used by the St. George Saints. St George Stadium was not used during 2007-2008, but has started to be used again in 2009. Despite this re-use, Rockdale Ilinden is still used as the venue for many St. George Saints local division finals pending Rockdale Ilinden's move.
The Ilinden Sports Centre contains the Clubhouse which has hosted numerous functions - of which have included mainly Macedonian-orientated non-soccer related functions. The ground boasts an indoor/outdoor licensed canteen, proper home & away change rooms, ample grass and bitumen parking, two superior playing surfaces (main and training), two other soccer ovals and two makeshift baseball arenas.
Rockdale City Suns.
The Rockdale Ilinden Football Club played at the Sports Centre for 40 years after their Australian birth. They won premierships there and developed their mainly Macedonian traditions, and celebrated their 40th anniversary year in 2009 with a minor premiership in the NSW Super League. Over time however, the Rockdale Ilinden Sports Centre has become worn out, and the club bought a lease for Bicentennial Park South, which was re-developed in 2009 as the new home of the Rockdale City Suns. The new facilities were officially opened on Saturday, 12 December 2009.
Cook Cove Development.
A joint venture between developer John Boyd and Westpac Funds Management has begun construction of a A$1.7 billion dollar project titled the "Cook Cove Development" near Sydney Airport. The 270,000 square meter area will contain offices, a hotel and a retail precinct on the current Kogarah Golf Club grounds, with the Golf Club relocating nearby south to Barton Park after related "Bicentennial and Scarborough Park" upgrade takes place, relocating sporting teams further south for this construction to happen. The move is planned to take place in late 2009 to early 2010, after being originally slated for early in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19930324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930324" title="BabelCon">
BabelCon

BabelCon is an science fiction and multigenre convention, held in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Established in 2006, the convention took place at the Cook Hotel and Lod & Carole Cook Alumni Center on the campus of Louisiana State University. Formerly a project of the non-profit Science & Engineering Education Foundation (SEEF), it is now managed by Babelcon LLC.
This convention is typically a three-day event comprising panels, seminars, demonstrations, and workshops. Guests sometimes include science fiction and fantasy authors, artists, and celebrities from genre television series and movies. BabelCon was named for the site of a diplomatic conference in the classic "" episode "Journey to Babel".
History.
BabelCon was launched in 2006, as a project of a local science fiction and gaming group, Star One Delta (SOD). The organizers were inspired to create BabelCon after Crescent City Con in New Orleans ended a 20-year run in 2005 and, in the wake of Hurricane Katrina, efforts to launch a new convention in New Orleans were stalled. In 2008, BabelCon was legally separated from Star One Delta, and a new non-profit organization, the Science & Engineering Education Foundation (SEEF), was created to run the convention.
Conventions.
Past events.
BabelCon was held on Saturday, August 5, 2006, at the West Baton Rouge Conference Center in Port Allen, Louisiana. Notable guests at the one-day event included "Lost In Space" actor Bob May.
BabelCon 2 was held on Saturday, August 4, 2007 at the West Baton Rouge Conference Center in Port Allen, Louisiana. Activities included gaming, a fantasy art show, science panels, and celebrity guests. Notable guests at the one-day event included "Star Trek" actors Lee Meriwether and Robert O'Reilly as well as several local authors and fan groups.
BabelCon 3 was held on July 19–20, 2008, at the Holiday Inn Select in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. The two-day event featured guest stars Richard Hatch, Suzie Plakson, J. G. Hertzler, and Bob May, paranormal investigators Kalila Katherina Smith and Brad Duplechein, plus several local authors and educators. Attendance was estimated to be about 1000 fans.
BabelCon 4 was held on July 17–19, 2009, at the Cook Hotel in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Guest stars at the three-day event included Rekha Sharma, Tiffany Grant, Patrick Burns, as well as several local authors and educators. Convention staff said attendance was "down slightly from past years".
BabelCon 4.5 was held on March 19–21, 2010, at the Cook Hotel in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Originally listed as "BabelCon 2010 - the Year We Make Contact" it was changed to a "mini-con" and given the designation of "4.5". The convention aimed at "a cozy con atmosphere" relying on panels rather than celebrity guests for entertainment. Scaled back due to economic pressures from the late-2000s recession, the event featured Sal Lizard, the president of Starfleet International, as its headline guest. As in previous conventions local authors also gave talks and spoke with guests.
Upcoming events.
The next BabelCon event was originally scheduled to be held March 25–27, 2011, but was postponed. After a split in convention management in late 2010, many of the original BabelCon staff and organizers planned their own event after the BabelCon name was registered with the Louisiana Secretary of State by another individual. This event, the Louisiana Science Fiction and Costuming Festival, was first held March 25–27, 2011.
In April 2012, new management acquired the assets of Babelcon LLC to settle existing debts and allow the event to move forward. Due to funding issues and another change in management, Babelcon is now tentatively scheduled for mid-October 2012. 
A babelcon memory page has been added for past visitors to share there thoughts and best memories of Babelcon.

</doc>
<doc id="19930332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930332" title="Gangeyabhushani">
Gangeyabhushani

Gangeyabhushani (pronounced gāngæyabhūshani) is a rāgam in Carnatic music (musical scale of South Indian classical music). It is the 33rd "Melakarta" rāgam in the 72 "melakarta" rāgam system of Carnatic music.
It is called Gangātarangini in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music.
Structure and Lakshana.
It is the 3rd rāgam in the 6th "chakra Rutu". The mnemonic name is "Rutu-Go". The mnemonic phrase is "sa ru gu ma pa dha nu". Its structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see "swaras in Carnatic music" for details on below notation and terms):
The notes present in this scale are "shatsruthi rishabham, antara gandharam, shuddha madhyamam, shuddha dhaivatham, kakali nishadham".
As it is a "melakarta" rāgam, by definition it is a "sampoorna" rāgam (has all seven notes in ascending and descending scale). It is the "shuddha madhyamam" equivalent of "Dhatuvardani", which is the 69th "melakarta".
"Janya" rāgams.
"Gangeyabhushani" currently has no "janya" rāgams (derived scales) associated with it. See List of "janya" Rāgams to lookup all "janya" rāgams.
Compositions.
A few compositions set to "Gangeyabhooshani" are:
Related rāgams.
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
"Gangeyabhushani's" notes when shifted using "Graha bhedam", yields "Neetimati", a minor "melakarta" rāgam. "Graha bhedam" is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the "shadjam" to the next note in the rāgam. For further details and an illustration refer "Graha bhedam on Gangeyabhushani".

</doc>
<doc id="19930342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930342" title="Bronc Burnett">
Bronc Burnett

Bronc Burnett is the central character is a series of 27 football, baseball, and scouting novels set in Sonora, New Mexico for adolescent boys written by Wilfred McCormick between 1948 and 1967. The series was published by G.P. Putnam's Sons (#1-11), by David McKay (#12-23), and by Bobbs-Merrill (#24-27). Grosset & Dunlap reissued the entire series with some changes in the order of the books, and with both dust jackets and full color cover illustrations. Some titles were included in Grosset & Dunlap's "Famous Sports Stories" Collection.
In 2001, Mark Mravic wondered if Bronc's "hokey wholesomeness" was relevant in the new millennium and commented, "Each installment of the Burnett series offers a morality play about sports and life—coping with criticism, for instance, or learning humility in the face of success. Was America ever so innocent, baseball ever so pure? Archetypes people Bronc's world: his loyal sidekick, catcher Fat Crompton; Cap'n Al, the gruff but lovable coach—"solid as a granite boulder"—who imparts the wisdom of his eight years in the big leagues; the insufferable Fibate Jones, team scorekeeper and resident gadfly. This is a world in which baseball-hungry townsfolk build the high school stands by hand; in which sheriff Pole Drinkwater works behind the plate, immune to the "yip-yaps" heckling him; in which the good guys are lanky, broad-shouldered, nimble-footed, and the villains sport names like Slug Langenegger and Sluice Derrick."
And throughout the Bronc Burnett series, McCormick offered cogent theories, strategies, and tactics regarding the individual sports Bronc played. Whether it was playing first base, catcher, running the bases, or considering a triple option football offense, McCormick provided his young readers with insights they might never have experienced.

</doc>
<doc id="19930346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930346" title="1996 Monte Carlo Open – Singles">
1996 Monte Carlo Open – Singles

Thomas Muster was the defending champion and won in the final 6–3, 5–7, 4–6, 6–3, 6–2 against Albert Costa.
Seeds.
The top eight seeds received a bye to the second round. 

</doc>
<doc id="19930385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930385" title="Arsène Heitz">
Arsène Heitz

Arsène Heitz (1908 – 1989) was a Alsatian draughtsman, born in Strasbourg, who worked at the Council of Europe. He is the co-author of the Flag of Europe (in collaboration with Paul M. G. Lévy). 
Heitz worked in the postal service of the Council of Europe while the flag was being chosen between 1950 and 1955 and he submitted 21 of the 101 designs that are conserved in the Council of Europe Archives.
He proposed among other drawings a circle of fifteen yellow stars upon a blue background; inspired by the twelve-star halo of the Virgin Mary, the Queen of Heaven of the Book of Revelation, often portrayed in Roman Catholic art, which can be seen in the Rose Window that the Council of Europe donated to Strasbourg Cathedral in 1953. Indeed, he proposed a design with “a crown of 12 golden stars with 5 rays, their points not touching.” 
His flag was eventually adopted by the Council, with twelve stars and the design was finalised by Paul M. G. Lévy.
He belonged to the Order of the Miraculous Medal, which may have influenced his views on the symbolism of the 12 stars.

</doc>
<doc id="19930401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930401" title="Kārlis Lejnieks">
Kārlis Lejnieks

Kārlis Lejnieks (born March 16, 1988) is a retired Latvian tennis player, who now pursues an interest in coaching. Through his career Lejnieks has won one Futures doubles title and has one runner-up in singles.
Lejnieks made his ATP debut in 2008 St. Petersburg Open where he defeated Russian Alexandre Kudryavtsev in the first round. In the second round he lost to Nr.3 seed Fernando Verdasco. After the tournament he reached a career-high 347 position in the ATP rating. 
He retired at the age of 23 years in June 27, 2011, stating that lack of motivation and previous injuries forced him to do so.
From 2006 to 2011 he played in the Latvian Davis Cup team.

</doc>
<doc id="19930432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930432" title="When She's Near">
When She's Near

"When She's Near" is the first single from the Jon Foreman/Sean Watkins collaboration Fiction Family's debut eponymous album. The song was first heard in early performances by Fiction Family, who still went by The Real SeanJon at the time. The earliest recorded performance was in December, 2007. The finalized studio version was posted on the duo's Myspace on October 7, 2008,
Writing and Recording.
Watkins originally wrote the melodies for the intro, verses, and bridge as the beginnings to one song, and Foreman had written the chorus for a song of his own. "It’s actually the melody to a song I wrote a long time ago called ‘Teaberry.’ I wrote it in ’03 or ’04, and I didn’t like the words, but I liked the melody,” Watkins said. “I brought the melody in and Jon did most of the lyrics." The songs eventually meshed together into the one song it is now. "I feel like it's a good blend of both of our voices," says Foreman.
Music video.
Fiction Family shot a music video for the song on October 15, 2008. It was directed by Brandon Dickerson, who had directed many videos for Foreman's band, Switchfoot. Watkins said on their Myspace blog,"I won't say too much about it 'cause I don't want to spoil the plot and ruin it for you but I will say it involved me taped to and pushed around in a dolly and Jon being carried around like some Biblical king in transit for hours on end." 
The video was first released Monday, December 15, 2008, on Vimeo.

</doc>
<doc id="19930452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930452" title="Shulini">
Shulini

Shulini (pronounced shūlini) is a rāgam in Carnatic music (musical scale of South Indian classical music). It is the 35th "melakarta" rāgam in the 72 "melakarta" rāgam system of Carnatic music. It is also spelled as "Sulini", "Shoolini" or "Soolini". It is called Shailadesākshi or "Shailadaeshi" in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music.
Structure and Lakshana.
It is the 3rd rāgam in the 6th "chakra Rutu". The mnemonic name is "Rutu-Ma". The mnemonic phrase is "sa ru gu ma pa dhi nu". Its "" structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see "swaras" in Carnatic music for details on below notation and terms):
The notes used in this scale are "shatsruthi rishabham, antara gandharam, shuddha madhyamam, chathusruthi dhaivatham" and "kakali nishadham".
As it is a "melakarta" rāgam, by definition it is a "sampoorna" rāgam (has all seven notes in ascending and descending scale). It is the "shuddha madhyamam" equivalent of "Kosalam", which is the 71st "melakarta" scale.
"Janya" rāgams.
"Shulini" has a couple of minor "janya" rāgams (derived scales) associated with it. See List of "janya" rāgams for list of scales associated with "Shulini".
Compositions.
A few compositions set to "Shulini" are:
Related rāgams.
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
"Shulini's" notes when shifted using "Graha bhedam", yields 3 other "melakarta" rāgams, namely, "Shanmukhapriya", "Dhenuka" and "Chitrambari". "Graha bhedam" is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the "shadjam" to the next note in the rāgam. For further details and an illustration refer "Graha bhedam on Shanmukhapriya".

</doc>
<doc id="19930459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930459" title="Centenary of Western Australia">
Centenary of Western Australia

In 1929, Western Australia celebrated the centenary of the founding of Perth and the establishment of the Swan River Colony, the first permanent European settlement. A variety of events were run in Perth, regional areas throughout the state, and even across Australia such as the Western Australian Centenary Air Race.
Preparations.
In 1926, the 25th anniversary of federation passed without much recognition, due in part to the sense of isolation that help to form Western Australia's identity. There was limited acknowledgement from the other states of the unique circumstances of Western Australia's situation, due to what historian Geoffrey Blainey described as "the tyranny of distance". It was this isolation that helped focus the community on celebrating its centenary; later, it would also be the catalyst for a growing secessionist movement.
In 1927, the premier, Phillip Collier, asked Hal Colebatch to write a history of the state, and in 1929 "A Story of a hundred years : Western Australia, 1829-1929" was published.
A celebration committee began preparations in 1928, and in 1929 produced a number of publications including calendars of events. As 1929 approached, most towns formed their own committees and organised events, these ranged from special race meetings to regional shows, formal dinners, dances and sporting events. Additionally some towns and community organisations also renamed existing local features like parks and buildings, while others set aside an area for a monument which was then unveiled in the presents of dignitaries including the Governor, Premier and descendants of the early settlers.
Celebrations.
Many locations in Western Australia had buildings or locations that became known as "Centenary" memorials; for example the Claremont Showgrounds has a "Centenary Pavilion" that still stands, and Northam had a "Centenary Hill".
Avenues of trees were planted in Kings Park in commemoration of the event as well as honouring people involved in the celebrations.
Perth.
The main Centenary procession (1929 Centenary Parade) involved considerable preparation of floats representing commercial and regional attributes of the state. It passed through the streets of Perth in the later part of the year as well as the Centenary Ball and celebrations at the Perth Oval.
The Governor Sir William Campion presided at the placement of a plaque in the wall of the Perth Town Hall on Barrack Street that recorded the centenary celebrations in August. 
In September, 1929, a choir of 1,000 voices sang at a Children's Thanksgiving Mass in Victoria Square, and also in a Centenary concert in His Majesty's Theatre.
On 24 November 1929, the Kings Park War Memorial Cenotaph was unveiled by the Governor Wiliiam Campion to commemorate the fallen of World War One.
Fremantle.
One of the events organised was a re-enactment of the 1829 arrival of settlers at Fremantle, attended by Campion.
Prisoner remissions.
In October, the Premier, Phillip Collier announced that prisoner sentences of more than one month would be reduced at the rate of two days for each month of sentence remaining, after allowing for good conduct. Prisoners serving sentences during His Majesty's pleasure were excluded from the remissions.
Proximity to Depression.
Western Australian historian Geoffrey Bolton ties in the events and the subsequent difficult times due to the economic depression in his book "A Fine Country to Starve in" (1972). While more recently Annette Davis looked at the popular entertainment values of the era.
Later celebrations.
The subsequent major celebration was the sesquicentennial milestone in 1979 which was known as WAY '79. The 175th anniversary conducted in 2004 resulted in significant icons being identified but the celebrations of the event were of less impact upon the community at large compared to the 100th and 150th.
Legacy.
A significant amount of the organisation of the celebrations was attributed to the librarian James Sykes Battye, whose efforts in organising committees were noted in the celebration year.
Historical Society plaques.
The Royal Western Australian Historical Society commissioned plaques that were ceremonially placed upon locations of significance to Western Australia. Locations included:

</doc>
<doc id="19930487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930487" title="1997 Japanese motorcycle Grand Prix">
1997 Japanese motorcycle Grand Prix

The 1997 Japanese motorcycle Grand Prix was the second round of the 1997 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 20 April 1997 at the Suzuka Circuit.

</doc>
<doc id="19930489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930489" title="Guy Callaghan">
Guy Callaghan

Guy Callaghan (born 7 September 1970 in Hastings, Hawke's Bay) is a former butterfly swimmer from New Zealand, who competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain for his native country. 
His biggest success came in 1995, at the second edition of the FINA World SC Championships in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, where Callaghan won the gold medal with the Men's 4x100 Medley Relay Team. This was a New Zealand record time and was the 4th fastest time ever recorded.

</doc>
<doc id="19930495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930495" title="1997 Spanish motorcycle Grand Prix">
1997 Spanish motorcycle Grand Prix

The 1997 Spanish motorcycle Grand Prix was the third round of the 1997 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 4 May 1997 at the Circuito Permanente de Jerez.

</doc>
<doc id="19930528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930528" title="Catalist">
Catalist

Catalist is the name of a Voter database organization founded by Harold M. Ickes.

</doc>
<doc id="19930545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930545" title="Chalanata">
Chalanata

Chalanata (pronounced chalanāta) is a rāgam in Carnatic music (musical scale of South Indian classical music). It is the 36th "Melakarta" rāgam in the 72 "melakarta" rāgam system of Carnatic music. It is one of the few rāgams referred by the same name in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music.
Structure and Lakshana.
It is the 6th rāgam in the 6th chakra "Rutu". The mnemonic name is "Rutu-Sha". The mnemonic phrase is "sa ru gu ma pa dhu nu". Its structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see "swaras in Carnatic music" for details on below notation and terms):
The notes used in this scale are "shadjam, shatsruthi rishabham, antara gandharam, shuddha madhyamam, panchamam, shatsruthi dhaivatham" and "kakali nishadham". As it is a "melakarta" rāgam, by definition it is a "sampurna" rāgam (has all seven notes in ascending and descending scale). It is the "shuddha madhyamam" equivalent of "Rasikapriya", which is the 72nd (last) "melakarta".
Janya Rāgams.
"Chalanāta" (also pronounced "Chalanāttai") has two popular "janya" rāgams (derived scales) associated with it, namely "Nāta (Nāttai)" and "Ghambheeranāta (Gambheeranāttai)". "Nāta" ragam compositions are sung often in concerts and it overshadows "Chalanāta". See "List of Janya Rāgams" for list of "janya" rāgams associated with "Chalanāta".
Compositions.
A few compositions set to "Chalanāta" are:
Related rāgams.
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
"Chalanata's" notes when shifted using "Graha bhedam", yields a major "Melakarta" rāgam "Shubhapantuvarali". "Graha bhedam" is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the "shadjam" to the next note in the rāgam. For further details and an illustration refer "Graha bhedam on Chalanata.

</doc>
<doc id="19930546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930546" title="Institute for Learning">
Institute for Learning

The Institute for Learning (IfL) is a voluntary membership, UK professional body. There are currently 4,715 members on IfL's 'professional status register'. According to IfL; "The profile of IfL’s membership is representative of the entire sector, which has an estimated teaching and training workforce of around 120,000 people."
First incorporated in 2002 as a not-for-profit Company Limited by Guarantee when it was a voluntary professional membership body for teachers and trainers in the Post Compulsory Education and Training Sector in England, UK.
Membership became compulsory between 2007 and 2012 when the IfL was acting as the regulatory body for teachers working in English further education colleges and other providers in receipt of government further education funding.
Membership of IfL is no longer compulsory as a result of the regulations requiring membership of IfL being repealed through revocation with effect from 30 September 2012. Preceding this, "in light of the interim report of an independent review of professionalism", the IfL reverted to its original status as a voluntary professional membership body.
The IfL aims to support the professional teaching and training practice of its members for the benefit of learners in the UK. IfL members work across the further education and skills sector, including adult and community learning, emergency and public services, FE colleges, the armed services, sixth-form colleges, the voluntary sector, offender learning and work-based learning.
Membership.
Grades of Membership.
IfL has five distinct grades or categories of membership. Those who are in initial teacher training, either pre-service or in service, may join IfL with an "Affiliate" grade of membership. Those who are part-qualified or who hold full qualifications in teaching or assessment at level 3/4 may hold an "Associate" grade of membership. Those with a full teaching qualification at level 5 or above (or at level 4 if qualified between September 2001 to September 2007 under the 2001 regulations) may progress to full "Member" grade of membership. Following extensive experience in further education teaching and the achievement of a higher degree (at Masters or Doctoral level) members become eligible for "Fellow" grade of membership.
Associates (AIfL), Members (MIfL) and Fellows (FIfL) are entitled to use post-nominal letters in recognition of their professional status.
In addition to the four categories of membership available to further education teaching or training professionals, the "Companion" grade of membership is open to those with an active interest in teaching or training but who are not themselves teaching or training professionals, for example HR professionals; leaders and managers who do not have teaching or training backgrounds and those working in further education support roles. Companion membership is not recognised through the conferral of post-nominal letters.
Conditions of IfL Membership.
IfL publishes "Conditions of Membership" describing the individual relationship between members and the professional body.
Revised conditions of membership came into effect on the 1 October 2012 for the membership period through to 31 March 2013 (1 year membership) or 31 March 2014 (2 year membership). The conditions of membership make it clear that:
"Companions, Affiliates, Associates, Members and Fellows, referred to throughout the conditions of membership as ‘members’, are members of IfL, the professional body for teachers and trainers and not members as defined by the Companies Act unless otherwise elected to IfL's Advisory Council."
Work of the IfL.
Professional formation (QTLS and ATLS).
IfL members are not required to achieve QTLS or ATLS, for which there is a charge of £485 (see below), but are encouraged to do so by IfL (who set, collect and administer payment as well as being the sole awarding body) as a demonstration of the currency of their teaching practice.
Professional formation Qualified Teacher Learning and Skills (QTLS) and Associate Teacher Learning & Skills (ATLS) is IfL's optional, post-qualification process by which a teacher demonstrates through professional practice;
From September 2012 this was no longer mandatory for college lecturers, following the BIS review of professionalism, however, with QTLS being referenced in school legislation, it remains the only reference point for parity of profession esteem between further education and school teaching.
The Final Report into Professionalism in Further Education states: "...it should be noted that following the announcement by the Secretary of State for Education in July 2012 that teachers in academies will no longer be subject to mandatory teaching qualification, and in the light of the government’s belief that most secondary schools will become academies by 2015, this formal interchangeability is likely to be of diminishing practical value. Academies will be free to employ any lecturer from the further education sector, if they so wish."
It was against this policy backdrop that in February 2013 IfL announced it would be charging member £485 to undertake professional formation, stating:
""The statutory requirement to obtain QTLS and ATLS was removed in September 2012, along with government funding of professional formation for individual teachers and trainers. IfL now needs to charge £485 for professional formation to cover the cost of the process."
"Payment will be able to be made in two installments:"
"First installment of £100 upon completion of the expression of intent form"
"Final installment of £385 upon completion of the application and submission of completed webfolio"
"We have worked to keep the price down, and considering the value and recognition that QTLS brings we believe this offers good value to members.""
Consultations.
IfL consults its members on relevant government consultations to ensure their collective views are heard by those making the decisions that influence the FE and skills sector. These consultations have included the Spending Review Challenge and the Wolf Review.
QTLS and QTS.
IfL worked for recognition of further education teachers with Qualified Teacher Learning and Skills (QTLS) status as qualified able to teach in schools for as long as they maintain IfL membership. Previously this was not the case, although school teachers with Qualified Teacher Status (QTS) can teach in further education colleges.
IfL made the case for the professionalism of its members, gave evidence to the education select committee and to the Skills Commission inquiry into teacher training for vocational teachers, negotiated with government officials, and presented the case to partner organisations.
Following a consultation with members in October 2010, IfL drew on the input from more than 5,000 IfL members to present evidence to Professor Wolf’s consultation. Professor Alison Wolf’s subsequently recommended, in her independent review of vocational education, that further education teachers with Qualified Teacher Learning and Skills (QTLS) status should be recognised to teach in schools. On 3 March 2011, a policy decision was taken by Michael Gove MP, secretary of state for education, to accept Professor Wolf’s recommendation, with immediate effect.
The recommendations of the Wolf Report and the decisions of the Rt. Hon. Michael Gove MP, Member of Parliament for Surrey Heath and Secretary of State for Education, do not represent a direct interchangeability between QTLS and QTS and teachers trainers and lecturers with QTLS will not be allowed to start working as full-time teachers delivering ordinary lessons in schools other than Academies and Free Schools. They will be able to take on teaching in state schools under local authority control for vocational classes and other courses where they have the subject expertise. The wolf report also recommends that only 20% of the classes which students undertake at the 14-16 age group should be vocational qualifications, meaning that work for QTLS holders in schools would be limited to around one day a week. The number of students taking vocational qualifications at this level is around 15%, further limiting the number of job roles which this announcement actually covers.
This decision by the government was not accepted by all sections of the teaching community, with unions representing secondary school teachers identifying it as part of the race to the bottom, and an attempt to undercut the pay of teachers in secondary schools.
With regard to QTLS, the Professionalism in Further Education Final Report (October 2012) states: "BIS and LSIS are working with the Department for Education to ensure that clear routes to the equivalence of QTLS and QTS are maintained...it should be noted that following the announcement by the Secretary of State for Education in July 2012 that teachers in academies will no longer be subject to mandatory teaching qualification, and in the light of the government’s belief that most secondary schools will become academies by 2015, this formal interchangeability is likely to be of diminishing practical value. Academies will be free to employ any lecturer from the further education sector, if they so wish."
Governance.
IfL's current governance structure has been in place since January 2010. IfL is governed by an Advisory Council, consisting of up to sixty members, which meets three times a year and Non-Executive Board (NEB), consisting of up to nine members, which meets nine times a year. Up to 45 members are elected to the Advisory Council, together with up to 15 representatives from stakeholder and partner organisations appointed by the Advisory Council. Advisory Council members are the ‘members of the Company’ as required by the Companies Act 2006. The NEB of nine elected members and three stakeholder representatives is constituted following Advisory Council election. The NEB members are the Directors of IfL (the 'company limited by guarantee') as required by Company law. The NEB has the facility to appoint up to three co-opted Board members to provide expertise in areas where the Board feels it is lacking.
Joseph Lee, editor of the FE Focus supplement of the Times Educational Supplement commented: ""Members cannot exert meaningful leverage on the leadership of the IfL as it stands. Yes, there is an elaborate apparatus of an advisory council and non-executive board. But a review of governance in 2009 merely resulted in adding more committee members, up to an unwieldy total of 60: that is a recipe for lip-service to special interests, not focused decision-making"." Lee's opinion was expressed in 2011, when IfL was a mandatory, regulatory body. It is not a statement of fact regarding the current efficacy of governance.
After government repealed regulations requiring membership of IfL, Barry Lovejoy (UCU’s National Head of Further Education) criticised IfL's governance process whilst commenting on its failures by saying: "Part of the reason for these failures was its governance processes which left real decision making to a small leadership group, often ignoring what its own Advisory Council suggested". Dan Taubman, a member of the Institute for Learning’s Council since inception, criticised IfL's failures when he stated: "IfL purported to be the voice of profession but IfL members didn’t really have channels to tell IfL how they felt and what they wanted". Dan Taubman (UCU Senior National Official) was a member of IfL's Transitional Council, the successor Advisory Council and a Director of IfL throughout this period through his position on IfL's Non-Executive Board (the 'small leadership group' referred to by Lovejoy).
The Professional Associations Research Network (PARN), a not-for-profit research and membership organisation, publishes governance research and benchmarking data based on its work with professional associations, including a governance strategic review of IfL in 2011. The Chief Executive of PARN, Andrew Friedman, was a contributor to the BIS Review of Professionalism. Friedman believes that in creating and refining governance structures ""a balance must be struck between achieving strategic direction and democratic participation of members and stakeholders"." In May 2012 Friedman reported on his assessment of the effectiveness of IfL's governance structures, recommending that to be effective ""the board should be smaller than the current NEB"." Bea Groves, President of IfL, responded by stating that ""in the interests of democracy, stakeholders must not have undue influence, and their involvement must be at arm’s length"". At this time the stakeholders represented on IfL's NEB were the Association of Colleges (AoC), the University and College Union (UCU) and the Universities' Council for the Education of Teachers (UCET); the UCU and AoC maintaining their directorship of IfL throughout the dispute over membership fees. Speaking about IfL's governance arrangements, Dan Taubman stated that he ""would put his hand up and say that he was part of the working party that got it wrong"".
Governance and diversity.
In 2011 IfL's Advisory Council elected Bea Groves as its second president. As a transgender woman, Groves is highly active in the area of diversity and is held up as an inspiration for others who are dealing with similar issues. Groves is proud of both her identity and her professionalism, stating: ""I think I am the first transgender person to become national president of a professional body in the UK, and believe strongly that the post-compulsory sector should recognise diversity in all its forms. I want to show minority groups, including the trans community, that there need not be barriers to success. I want to celebrate how IfL embraces diversity.""
IfL patrons.
IfL has the support of six patrons, the first four patrons: Baroness Sharp of Guildford, formerly a Liberal Democrat spokesperson for further and higher education; Barry Sheerman, member of parliament for Huddersfield and former chair of the education select committee; Tim Boswell, former member of the innovation, universities, science and skills select committee; and Stella Mbubaegbu CBE, principal and chief executive of Highbury College Portsmouth were announced on 30 March 2011.
On 28 June 2011 IfL announced two further patrons, Geoff Petty, a writer, staff trainer and consultant, who has worked with over 200 colleges and most national educational agencies and Professor Ann Hodgson, who works for the University of London's Institute of Education, researches and publishes in the areas of education policy; 14-19 education and training; lifelong learning; curriculum and qualifications reform; and institutional organisation and governance.
The IfL has described the purpose of its patrons as:
...support IfL and our quest to elevate the status of teachers and trainers throughout our diverse sector. Their association will help raise awareness of the important work that IfL is doing with our membership to influence policymaking, support continuing professional development (CPD) and facilitate communities of practice, for the benefit of teachers and trainers, and their learners.
2011 membership fees dispute.
Dispute history.
In February 2009 the IfL launched its 5-year plan for 2009–2014, this was reported in the TES where it was noted that the 2008 membership survey indicated that 47% of members joined because they were required to do so by their employer. Of these, some (not quantified) felt 'they had been forced to join against their will'. A typical comment from this group was: 'I feel bullied into being a member and totally resent the existence of this organisation'. Others (not quantified) voiced support for Ifl, one describing it as 'a great tool in order to advance our teachers, trainers and tutors into the next decade'. It is against this backdrop that the membership fees dispute started.
In November 2009, government set out in Skills for Growth that IfL would need to become self-financed 'within three years', a position that was accepted by IfL's chief executive Toni Fazaeli. With the results of the UK general election in May 2010 returning no clear majority the subsequent formation of a coalition government introduced a number of uncertainties with respect to public policy. The coalition government confirmed in Skills for Sustainable Growth (November 2010) that the cost of funding IfL membership would move from government to the individual, a model prevalent in most forms of professional regulation. It wasn't until much later in 2010 (late December) that IfL was made aware of the transitional funding government would provide.
Publication of subscription arrangements.
The subscription arrangements were subsequently disclosed, in an embargoed letter from IfL's Chief Executive Toni Fazaeli to employers on the 4th February 2011, prior to informing members on the 8th February 2011. Standard membership fees were originally due to rise from £30 per year (government paid) to £68 (for 18 months in the transitional period), as IfL membership would no longer be fully funded by the Department for Business Innovation and Skills (BIS). Previously membership had been at no cost to members required to join IfL by the Further Education Teachers’ Continuing Professional Development and Registration (England) Regulations 2007 or through requirements placed on learning providers by the Skills Funding Agency (SFA).
Initial objections raised.
The scale of the increase and the transfer of payment from government to individual teachers and trainers caused some controversy to be reported in FE Focus, an insert to the Times Educational Supplement. UCU expressed surprise that IfL escaped David Cameron's 2010 UK quango reforms (AKA "Bonfire of The Quangos"), and opposed the increase including a petition open to the general public. As a not-for-profit company limited by guarantee IfL is not a quango and can not be abolished by government or act of parliament. Dan Taubman, the Senior National Education Officer of UCU (and formerly of NATFHE), represented the union's interests in the setting up of IfL as a member of its Council and was an elected member of IfL's non-executive board at the time UCU questioned IfL's status as a quango.
IfL stated that if FE tutors did not pay then, according to the Further Education Teachers’ Continuing Professional Development and Registration (England) Regulations 2007 and the extension of these regulations to other learning providers through the terms of SFA contracts, they would no longer be permitted to teach:Any individual resigning from membership or allowing membership to lapse by failing to pay a due subscription will lose the entitlement to hold QTLS or ATLS status and any other designation related to their membership grade and will not be able to be employed in a teaching or training role in a college covered by the regulations or learning provider in receipt of a Skills Funding Agency contract.
Fees amended.
On 7 June 2011 IfL issued a joint statement with further education college trade unions and college employers, following discussions facilitated by the Department for Business, Innovation and Skills (BIS). This detailed progress made across eight areas, including revised fees and concession for 2011/12 and 2012/13. The membership fee of £68 now provided extended membership from 18 months to two years, with an option of paying an annualised fee of £38 and a new concessionary fee for those earning below £16,000 a year.
Boycott over fees.
UCU followed an internal referendum with an industrial action ballot to formalise the boycott of IfL fees.
Before the ballot was concluded however, IfL published guidelines which stated that IfL members who had not renewed their membership by 22 July would have their status changed to “lapsed”. An IfL spokeswoman said individual membership lapsing following non-payment by the due date is "standard practice in other regulated professions, such as medicine or law". As membership was then compulsory for FE teachers by law, this would have led to them being prevented from teaching, the IfL confirmed.
Michael Scott, UCU’s national head of legal services and employment law, an expert in Employment Law but with no stated expertise in regulatory law (Law Society listing), said that in his opinion anyone failing to adhere to the IfL code of conduct – such as by withholding subs – has the right to "a fair and public hearing in keeping with the rights conferred on individuals by the Human Rights Act … reflecting …that no person may have their livelihood taken away from them without observing due process" and described the IfL’s stance as “wholly unreasonable and irrational”. The code of conduct states: "The members shall at all times act in accordance with the Institute’s conditions of membership". Mr Scott's opinion on the application of the Human Rights Act to membership of a professional regulatory body has never been tested in law.
In a letter to IfL chief Toni Fazaeli, Mr Scott warned that in his opinion “interfering in the trade dispute by placing pressure on union members” was “potentially unlawful”. Mr Scott has since said that the union would take legal action unless the IfL softened its stance. This despite the fact that, at that time, UCU had not declared a trade dispute with employers. UCU Members were surveyed and 27% (90% of the 30% who took part) of the unions FE members voted for formal industrial action on the 25 July 2011. The turn out in the ballot was around 30% with 90% voting to boycott IfL. UCU came under criticism for this survey which, it transpired, was open to the general public and could be completed by non-members without any membership validation. Former deputy chief executive of the IfL, Lee Davies, called this 'slapdash' and 'undermined the union as a democratic voice, especially given a low response rate'
Scale of non-renewal.
On the deadline for registration (July 2011) IfL management stated that more than 67,000 of its previous 200,000 members had renewed. IfL stated in their joint statement that there were a potential 144,800 members for 2011/12 and UCU has 34,505 members in the FE sector. In September 2011 the IfL had a membership of over 75,000. In November 2013 IfL noted that "membership was likely to reach 35,000".
Independent review.
In early September 2011 it was reported that "The government is to hold an independent review into workforce professionalisation, including the effectiveness of the Institute for Learning (IfL). John Hayes MP, minister for education, skills and lifelong learning, said the broad review would look at arrangements to achieve a professionalised workforce in further education, while also looking at the role of the IfL. However, it would only be commissioned once parties agree to refrain from seeking legal action in the aftermath of the dispute over memberships IfL fees."
On 7 September 2011, UCU suspended its threatened legal action against the IfL and welcomed the decision of the Minister for Further Education, John Hayes, to commission an independent review into professional development for college lecturers that would involve looking at the role and effectiveness of the Institute for Learning. Sally Hunt, general secretary of UCU stated: "Boycotting the IfL has not been a decision our members have taken lightly, but to be effective as a professional body it must enjoy the confidence of the majority of practitioners. This is something the IfL does not have. It is essential that the forthcoming review does not shy away from asking awkward questions and that it hears directly from staff.".
On 8 September 2011 an IfL press release stated that the IfL would "engage positively with the proposed review".
On 9 September 2011 the AoC took the step of calling on member colleges not to discipline staff for non-payment of IfL fees.
In March 2012, after more than a year of dispute surrounding compulsory membership of IfL, the review board led by Lord Lingfield published an interim report, stating: "We conclude that leaving matters as they are is not a practicable option … With the benefit of nearly five years of State funding and regulatory backing, the IfL has not won the confidence of those organisations which should be its partners. Regulatory compulsion increased the IfL’s membership from 4,000 to over 200,000 before it fell back to around 85,000 this year … The main response by the IfL to an end to government funding has been to seek to pass its costs on to FE staff, who are compelled to register with it … The IfL has made no other substantial changes, for example in the services it offers, which might have convinced lecturers that their subscription represented good value for money." The report called for the IfL be restored "to its original status as a private membership body, dependent on voluntary subscriptions in return for services."
In September 2012, following the review of professionalism in further education teaching undertaken by the Department for Business, Innovation and Skills, the statutory requirement to register as a member if IfL was repealed. This was welcomed by the University and College Union. Whilst UCU welcomed the news that "staff in further education colleges would no longer be forced to pay a fee to do their job". They also stated: "While the review leans (not surprisingly from this government) towards the need for less regulation, UCU does not support a deregulated sector. Employers in the sector – both colleges and private and voluntary institutions – have been found wanting in providing consistent and high quality support and resources for professional development."
Surplus funds.
It was reported in March 2011, IfL had generated surplus funds in the region of £2m. This is in line with IfL’s Reserves Policy (to maintain reserves at a level consistent with established good business practice and that is prudent). IfL maintains its status as an independent and self-regulating professional body and not-for-profit private company limited by guarantee and financial statements and policies are available from the IfL website.
Historical context.
IfL is a private company limited by guarantee. The Prime Report (Further Education Development Agency (FEDA), 1995) was a key milestone in the creation of the Institute, leading in 1996 to the establishment of the Staff Development Forum for Further Education (FESDF). The forum comprised a wide range of UK representatives including the Association of Colleges (AoC), the National Association of Teachers in Further and Higher Education (NATFHE), the Association of College Principals (ACP), the Further Education Funding Council for England (FEFC) and the Department for Education and Skills (DfES); with staff from FEDA acting as the secretariat and project managing the development of national teaching standards for further education. 
In 1997, Lucas and Betts (et al.) in "Policy and Management Issues for Incorporated Colleges" (Institute of Education) noted that although FEDA had established the Staff Development Forum for FE, it was a member-led professional body that was needed to develop a framework of professional development in the sector. In the event, the newly elected Labour government accepted the findings of the Dearing Report into Higher Education, leading to the creation of the Institute for Learning and Teaching in Higher Education (ILTHE) and indicated that the General Teaching Council (GTC) for England, which had been a manifesto commitment, would be established.
In 1999, within a backdrop of growing concern from teachers in further education about a sense of de-professionalising the sector, the FESDF became the Further Education National Training Organisation (FENTO). One of the FESDF’s proposed objectives for FENTO was the need to give consideration to the role that a professional body for further education could play in the professionalisation agenda; this become one of FENTO’s key strategic objectives. In 2000, three research studies were carried into the feasibility of creating a professional body for further education, two commissioned by FENTO and one a contemporary piece of academic research. Effectively, each was an exercise in market research and, based in sample sizes in the low thousands, the outcomes were consistent – two-thirds of staff surveyed were in support, 30% wanted to ‘wait and see’ and less than 10% were opposed.
In 2001 a business plan was established by the FENTO Council and a name was chosen, the Institute for Learning (FE) – to be comparable with the ILT (HE) as one of its important interfaces. At this point the government amplified the focus on the professionalism of further education teachers with regulations requiring all new teachers to hold a recognised teaching qualification, based on the new FENTO standards, with a target of a fully qualified workforce by 2010. Early 2002 the Institute for Learning was incorporated, the Memorandum and Articles of Association were signed by founder members Pauline Lovell and Derek Betts, a Transitional Council was formed and the process of attracting a "volunteer" paying membership began.
In November 2004 the Institute for Learning’s prospects of becoming a fully established professional body were given a significant boost with the publication of the key DfES policy document, ‘Equipping our Teachers for the Future’.
For the Institute for Learning, with a growing membership in the low thousands, section 4.7 of the document came to represent a key turning-point:
With one critical modification; the extension of the registration and CPD elements to all teachers in the sector (and not just new entrants), "Equipping our Teachers" was introduced more-or-less as projected. The Institute for Learning was afforded responsibilities in the Further Education Teachers’ Qualifications (England) Regulations 2007
and the Further Education Teachers' Continuing Professional Development and Registration (England) Regulations 2007
governing the registration, professional formation and remaining in good standing through CPD of teachers in further education. The requirements of the regulations were extended to learning providers funded by the Learning and Skills Council (LSC) through the terms of their 2007/08 locally negotiated contracts.
In 2010 an enlarged Advisory Council was elected consisting of 45 Member representatives, 15 partner organisation representatives and 5 observers. From that a Non-executive Board was elected consisting of 9 member representatives, 3 partner reps and potentially 3 Expert Directors. All communication with members of this governance board is directed via a single company secretary.
The first Chief executive Toni Fazaeli was appointed in June 2008. The first president of the Institute For Learning, John Chorley was elected in August 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19930547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930547" title="Răzvan Petcu">
Răzvan Petcu

Răzvan Petcu (born May 10, 1973) is a retired freestyle and butterfly swimmer from Romania, who represented his native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia. He is best known for winning the bronze medal in the men's 4×100 m freestyle relay event at the 1995 FINA Short Course World Championships in Rio de Janeiro. He now lives in Charlotte, North Carolina.

</doc>
<doc id="19930556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930556" title="Avisenes Nyhetsbyrå">
Avisenes Nyhetsbyrå

Avisenes Nyhetsbyrå (ANB) (English: "Newspapers' News Agency") is a Norwegian news agency that was established in 1912 as "Socialdemokratisk Pressekontor". In 1919 this was changed to "Arbeidernes Pressekontor" ("The Workers' Press Office") and in 1984 it was changed again to "A-pressens Oslo-redaksjon" (APOR). In 1990 the agency was reorganized as a joint stock company, and on September 1, 2001 it got its current name.
The agency is owned by 31 Norwegian newspapers and in addition A-pressen. ANB's main task is to deliver current news to Norwegian media, primarily local and regional newspapers. In addition ANB delivers radio and television pages, football and harness racing tips, consumer news and news magazines.
On January 1, 2007 ANB went into partnership with Norsk Telegrambyrå (NTB). NTB took over the daily wire service which AND had delivered, whereas ANB concentrated on delivery and re-distribution of exclusive stories and services to the subscribers.

</doc>
<doc id="19930560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930560" title="Rómmel">
Rómmel

Rómmel may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19930565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930565" title="Busch Properties, Inc.">
Busch Properties, Inc.

Busch Properties, Inc. (BPI), is a corporation, which operates resort, residential and commercial properties in the United States. It was established in 1969 as a subsidiary of Anheuser-Busch, Inc. (AB), the largest brewing company in the United States, which is based in St. Louis, Missouri. BPI's four main functions include business park development, resort and residential development, corporate real estate and employee residential relocation for the parent company and other AB subsidiaries. 
Busch Properties primarily develops and manages properties located on land near the parent company's brewery facilities, such as the Busch Corporate Center adjacent to the company's St. Louis brewery. 
Notable among BPI developments were the Kingsmill Resort, the Kingsmill planned community residential development, Busch Office Park at McLaws Circle, and Busch Commerce Park, all located near the company's brewery in James City County near Williamsburg, Virginia. Busch Entertainment, another AB subsidiary, operates the Busch Gardens Williamsburg and Water Country USA theme parks nearby the James City brewery as well. 
In 2008, Dun and Bradstreet reported annual gross sales of BPI as US$61 million. 
On June 24th 2010 it was announced by Robin Carson, Executive VP with BPI, that BPI has decided not to exercise the option to bid for or extend its agreement to provide management services to the Kingsmill Community Services Association after December 31, 2010. This coupled with the InBev sale in October, 2009 of Busch Gardens Williamsburg, Water Country USA and eight other theme park to Blackstone Group significantly reduces the amount of real estate BPI is managing.
The following month, in July 2010, it was announced that Busch Properties had entered into an agreement with Xanterra Parks and Resorts to purchase and operate the Kingsmill Resort. In 1968, Xanterra became the successor to the Fred Harvey Company initially established by entrepreneur Fred Harvey beginning in 1875. One of Xanterra's more famous locations is located at the Grand Canyon in Arizona. Xanterra (owned by Anschutz since 2008) has traditionally operated in national and state parks across the United States, especially in the Western regions. Other high profile operations include Yellowstone National Park in Wyoming and Crater Lake National Park in Oregon. Owned by Denver-based billionaire Philip Anschutz since, 2008, prior to the Kingsmill announcement, Xanterra was operating about three dozen hotels and lodges with more than 5,000 guest rooms combined, with over 8,000 employees. 

</doc>
<doc id="19930570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930570" title="Lynda Voltz">
Lynda Voltz

Lynda Voltz is an Australian politician and Australian Labor Party member of the New South Wales Legislative Council. Voltz has been a member of the Council since March 2007.
Lynda Voltz was born to parents Bruce and former Parramatta City Councillor Maureen Walsh. She attended Birrong Girls High School along with fellow MLC Helen Westwood. After leaving school, she worked in the Workers Health Centre at Lidcombe before joining the Australian Regular Army. She serves on the General Purpose Standing Committee and the Committee on the Office of the Ombudsman and the Police Integrity Commission. She is married to Elias Bampos and has two daughters Katerina and Anastasia.
BDS Support.
On 6th May 2013, Lynda spoke in favour of Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions against Israel. "I have a problem with a number of universities, such as the Technion university in Israel which has links with Israel's nuclear weapons program and to its ballistic missiles program," said Ms Voltz, the co-chairwoman of NSW Parliamentary Friends of Palestine, accusing the nation of violating the nuclear non-proliferation treaty.
"For students to want to stand up to what they believe is injustice and to not have links with those universities I think is consistent with what Sydney University has done in the past," Ms Voltz said. 
In response, a Human Rights group based in Israel has threatened BDS supporters with legal action.
Chana Ya'ar, writing for Israel National News, wrote "In the letters Hamilton pointed out that the Racial Discrimination Act of 1975 made it "unlawful for a person to do any act involving a distinction, exclusion, restriction of preference based on race... national or ethnic origin which has the purpose or effect of nullifying or impairing the recognition, enjoyment or exercise, on an equal footing, of any human right or fundamental freedom in the political, economic, social, cultural or any other field of public life."
Hamilton also warned that any "successful" boycott of Israel was illegal under the Competition and Consumer Act of 2010 if they damage the businesses they target, and that as a result parties could be investigated by the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission and face legal action for damages." 

</doc>
<doc id="19930628" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930628" title="Castelnuovo (Assisi)">
Castelnuovo (Assisi)

Castelnuovo is a of the of Assisi in the Province of Perugia, Umbria, central Italy.
Castelnuovo is situated about 9 km from Assisi and is located in the southwest of Santa Maria degli Angeli. Is surrounded also with the territories of other 2 fractions Assisi: Tordandrea to the west, and Rivotorto to the east. To the south is bordered by the of Cannara.
It stands at an elevation of 195 metres above sea level. At the time of the Istat census of 2001 it had 754 inhabitants.
The most important watercourse is the river Ose, which basically it specify the frontier between Castelnuovo and Cannara.

</doc>
<doc id="19930634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930634" title="Alexandru Ioanovici">
Alexandru Ioanovici

Alexandru Ioanovici (born March 30, 1974) is a retired freestyle swimmer from Romania, who represented his native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia. He is best known for winning the bronze medal in the men's 4×100 m freestyle relay event at the 1995 FINA Short Course World Championships in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="19930641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930641" title="List of Casey, Crime Photographer stories in Black Mask">
List of Casey, Crime Photographer stories in Black Mask

The Casey franchise was started in 1934 by George Harmon Coxe in Black Mask (magazine). A total of 22 stories were published in the magazine, plus two serialized novels. 
Note the company these stories keep within the pages of Black Mask such as Raymond Chandler & E. Stanley Gardner. This magazine was an important part of the pulp magazine genre.
In addition to these stories, the two earliest novels were serialized over three issues each.

</doc>
<doc id="19930647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930647" title="Argumental">
Argumental

Argumental (or working title Whose Side Are You On?) is a British improvised comedy panel game with Sean Lock as host, alongside two teams captained by Robert Webb and Seann Walsh, debating and arguing on various topics with help from various guests. It is made by independent production company Tiger Aspect Productions for Dave and made its debut on 27 October 2008. Series three was commissioned for Dave and four episodes from the second series aired on BBC Two, making it UKTV's most successful commission in terms of reach of audience.
Participants.
The programme was originally chaired by journalist John Sergeant whose post-journalistic career at the time the series began was on the rise due in part to his appearance on the BBC's Strictly Come Dancing. He was joined by team captains Marcus Brigstocke, the host of "The Late Edition", and comedian Rufus Hound. Each team captain was accompanied by a guest panellist who have included Jimmy Carr, Sue Perkins, Reginald D. Hunter, Phill Jupitus, Charlie Higson, Johnny Vegas, Lucy Porter, Dara Ó Briain, Sean Lock and Frankie Boyle. From the 2011 series, Sean Lock replaced John Sergeant as presenter, while Seann Walsh and Robert Webb took over as team captains. This coincided with a revamp of the show's set and graphics.
Format.
Each episode comprises a series of rounds in which each team takes its turn debating a variety of topics, whilst also trying to be amusing. Topics have included: 'recycling is a waste of time' and 'the Royal Family serve no purpose'. After each round the team members often make humorous observations about what has just been said, before the studio audience votes for who they thought put forward the best case. Voting is done by holding up a red or blue paddle to vote for the red or blue team respectively. The votes are tallied before the winner of the round is decided.
Rounds.
Each episode normally contains 5 rounds. Sometimes however some episodes contain 4 rounds with 1 round dropped altogether.
Classic debate.
A representative from each team takes their turn to argue for or against a given motion, respectively. After the main arguments have been put forward the teams are invited to discuss the subject further to reinforce their team's argument or attack their opponent's.
Visual aids.
Team members try to argue over a topic while incorporating pictures from a slideshow that they have never seen before into their case.
Flip-flop.
Each team is given a different topic to argue about in this round. The team representative must argue for the motion until a buzzer sounds at which point they must argue against the motion. The contestant continues to alternate between for and against until the end of round buzzer is sounded. This round does not appear in every episode.
That's a Brilliant Idea.
Introduced in series 3, representatives from each team take turns being given a typically nonsensical, illogical or outrageous statement, and have to argue a convincing case for that statement being a good thing, starting each argument with the words "That's a brilliant idea.".
Popular culture round.
In series 1, this round was similar to the 'classic debate' round except the topic involves a famous person or celebrity. The person being debated was represented by a life sized cut-out placed in the centre of the performance stage. Past celebrities have included Piers Morgan, Victoria Beckham, Amy Winehouse, Wayne and Coleen Rooney, Simon Cowell and Jeremy Kyle.
Since series 2, this round has not always featured cardboard cut-outs; in some episodes, real-life people (e.g. a body builder) come on stage instead.
Final picture round.
This round doesn't involve any arguing per person, alternatively contestants are shown pictures for which they must invent a motion to suit. Unlike the other rounds, both teams remain seated throughout. Like the flip-flop round, this round has not always been included.
Guest appearances.
The following have appeared on the show as a guest "(up to 22 December 2011)".
a. Appearances made before becoming the host.

</doc>
<doc id="19930654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930654" title="Prescott-Brown">
Prescott-Brown

Prescott-Brown was a Canadian country music trio composed of Tracey Brown, her brother Barry and her husband Randall Prescott. All three were members of Canadian country group, Family Brown, which parted ways in 1990. Signed to Columbia Records, the trio released two albums for the label in 1992 and 1994. The trio made appearances on shows such as "The Tommy Hunter Show", "The Dini Petty Show", "Rita and Friends", "Open Mike with Mike Bullard" and "Adrienne Clarkson Presents".
Biography.
Tracey Brown, Barry Brown and Randall Prescott originally came together in 1991 as Tracey Prescott & Lonesome Daddy. The trio's eponymous debut album was released by Sony Music Canada in 1992. Five singles were released from the project, including the Top 10 song "When You're Not Loving Me." The following year, Tracey Prescott & Lonesome Daddy won a Juno Award for Best Country Group or Duo.
They changed their name to Prescott-Brown for the release of their second studio album, 1994's "Already Restless". The album's first single, "There You Go," brought them back into the Top 10 of the Canadian country singles chart. Prescott-Brown was nominated for Best Country Group or Duo at the 1995 Juno Awards.
Since disbanding in 1996, Tracey launched a successful solo career.
Tracey Brown and Randall Prescott have two grown children Kelly Prescott and Kaylen Prescott. Following in their parents footsteps they are currently working on producing a full length album under the band name "Prescott". They have performed at various venues local to their hometown rural of Ottawa. They have also performed at Ottawa's Bluesfest. Their style is reminiscent of the country influences of their parents, but have incorporated elements rock, blues and various instruments into their music.

</doc>
<doc id="19930659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930659" title="Parole, Poland">
Parole, Poland

Parole is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nadarzyn, within Pruszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Nadarzyn, south of Pruszków, and south-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19930660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930660" title="List of Argumental episodes">
List of Argumental episodes

This is a list of episodes from the television comedy series "Argumental". The first episode was broadcast on 27 October 2008. As of 5 January 2012, 44 regular episodes and five clip show episodes have been broadcast; 49 episodes in total (not including the 2011 Comic Relief special).
The first three series were presented by John Sergeant, with Marcus Brigstocke and Rufus Hound as the captains of the red team and blue team respectively. From the fourth series the show is presented by Sean Lock with Seann Walsh and Robert Webb replacing Brigstocke and Hound as the team captains.
Episode list.
The coloured backgrounds denote the result of each of the shows:

</doc>
<doc id="19930661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930661" title="Matthew Thomas">
Matthew Thomas

Matthew Thomas or Matt Thomas may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19930675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930675" title="Vladislav Reznik">
Vladislav Reznik

Vladislav Matusovich Reznik (; born 17 May 1954) is a Russian businessman and politician. He is the chairman of the insurance company Rus, member of the general council of the United Russia political party, Chairman of the State Duma Committee on Finances, former chairman of Rosgosstrakh. 
Researcher.
Vladislav Reznik graduated from the Biological Department of Leningrad State University in 1976. He holds a Kandidat degree in Biology. In 1979-1987 he worked as a researcher in the "All Union Research and Development Technological Institute for Antibiotics and Medical Ferments" in Leningrad.
Businessman.
In 1987-1989 he became a Deputy Director General of Russkoye Video firm. In 1989-1990 he is a Deputy Chairman of Rossiya Bank (established by the Communist Party of the Soviet Union). Since 1990 Reznik is the head of the insurance company Rus. As the head of Rus, Reznik was an employer of the young lawyer Dmitri Medvedev, future President of Russia. In 1995-1998 Reznik was the Chairman of main Russian state-owned insurance company Rosgosstrakh. Since 1995 he is a director of Obi-bank bank and since 1996 he is a director of Mosbiznesbank.
Politician.
In 1999 Reznik was elected to the State Duma as a member of the Unity political party. He is a member of the United Russia since its formation by a merger of Unity and the Fatherland – All Russia. In 2001 he became the deputy chairman of the United Russia party. He was responsible for the economical program of the party. 
In 2003 Reznik was re-elected to the State Duma. In Duma Reznik became the Chairman of the Committee on Finances. He was the main author of the 2006 law "On preventing laundering of the income from criminal activities and financing of terrorism" establishing stricter control over bank operations.

</doc>
<doc id="19930684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930684" title="1994–95 United States network television schedule (late night)">
1994–95 United States network television schedule (late night)

These are the late night Monday-Friday schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 1994. All times are Eastern/Pacific.
Talk/variety shows are highlighted in yellow, network news programs in gold, and local news & programs are highlighted in white background.

</doc>
<doc id="19930699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930699" title="Paul M. G. Lévy">
Paul M. G. Lévy

Paul Michel Gabriel Lévy (27 November 1910 – 16 August 2002) was a Belgian professor and journalist. He was born in Brussels and is a Holocaust survivor. He worked for many years as Director of Information at the Council of Europe, helping create the Flag of Europe in the 1950s in collaboration with Arsène Heitz.
Early career.
Before the war, Lévy directed the information services of the Belgian national broadcaster, the "Institut National de Radiodiffusion" (INR). Under the occupation, he refused to collaborate with the German-backed radio and was sacked and arrested. He was sent to Fort Breendonk, a German prison camp near Mechelen. Released in 1941, he was placed under surveillance by the German authorities in Brussels, but succeeded in escaping to Britain via the "Zéro" network in July 1942 where he joined Antoine Delfosse, minister and commander of the "Armée de la Libération" (AL) resistance group. He served alongside Delfosse in the Ministry of Justice of the Belgian government in London. He also spoke on "Radio Belgique", the French and Dutch language radio station of the BBC broadcast to occupied Belgium. His principal work, however, was in the "Commission belge pour l'étude des problèmes d'après-guerre" ("Belgian Commission of study of post-war problems"), in which he founded "Mission Samoyède" which planned to set up radio broadcasting in Belgium soon after the liberation. Following the invasion of Europe by the Allies, he returned to the continent working as an interpreter and press officer alongside General Henning Linden. His coverage included the liberation of Dachau concentration camp.
After the Liberation, and despite having Socialist leanings, he worked for the new Belgian Democratic Union (UDB-BDU) party. In 1946, he was elected deputy for the Nivelles region as the only successful candidate of the UDB-BDU. He resigned to return to radio work.
He is said to have invented the neologism "Irénologie" which is the French term for the study of Peace.
Later life.
Council of Europe.
Lévy had converted to Catholicism in July 1940. In 1950, he joined the staff of Winston Churchill's newly established Council of Europe and became the first Chief of its Department of Culture.
Flag.
Lévy had to sort through the proposals flooding into his department and drew up the exact design of the finalist Arsène Heitz's proposal for a circle of stars.
Some see Lévy's conversion to Christianity as an origin of the claimed religious symbolism on the flag. The flag's circle of stars resembles the twelve-star halo of the Virgin Mary seen in Roman Catholic art and the flag's designer (Arsène Heitz) has acknowledged that he was inspired by that symbolism. Lévy originally backed the flag of the Pan Europe Movement. However, the cross element in its design was rejected by the Socialists and Turks as too Christian. It is claimed that one day, Lévy passed a statue of the Virgin Mary with a halo of stars and was struck by the way the stars, reflecting the sun, glowed against the blue of the sky. Lévy later visited Léon Marchal, the then Secretary General of the Council of Europe, and suggested that he should propose twelve golden stars on a blue ground as the motif for the flag of Europe. Lévy, however has stated that he was only informed of the connection to the Book of Revelation after it was chosen. Official authorities of the European Union disregard the biblical interpretation as myth.
It wasn't until 1985 that this particular flag was chosen to represent the European Economic Community, eventually the European Union.

</doc>
<doc id="19930716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930716" title="Astragalus agnicidus">
Astragalus agnicidus

Astragalus agnicidus is a rare species of milkvetch known by the common name Humboldt County milkvetch. It is endemic to northern California, where it is known only from two populations in Humboldt County and one in Mendocino County. 
The plant was undescribed until the 1950s. Until then it was known only from one ranch in Humboldt County, where sheep ranchers blamed the unnamed species for the deaths of their animals, which may have eaten it. They eradicated the plant from their land, and by the time it was formally described and named in 1957 it was thought to be extinct. The species name given the plant, "agnicidus", means "lamb-killer". 
The plant was rediscovered in 1987. A few individuals were found growing in a recently bulldozed clearing, their long-buried seeds having been plowed into favorable conditions for germination. The plants were brought under the protection of the landowners, the same family that was responsible for its near-extinction and had changed their minds about its value. Two other populations of the plant have since been discovered in areas of the coastal mountains that had been recently logged; this is an early successional species which arises in disturbed areas. Too much disturbance of an area can be harmful, however, since it may cause the whole patch of buried seeds to sprout at once, making the population vulnerable to destruction as it lacks backup seed stores.
This milkvetch is a perennial herb which lives 5 to 10 years. The coarse reddish stem is slightly hairy toward the ends, growing 30 to 90 centimeters long. The widely spaced leaves are arranged oppositely along the stem. Each is up to 16 centimeters long and is made up of several pairs of oval-shaped leaflets up to about 2 centimeters long. The inflorescence is a dense cluster of 10 to 40 white pealike flowers. The plant is self-pollinating and the flowers are also pollinated by native bumblebees. The fruit is a bent legume capsule 1 to 1.5 centimeters long which dries to a papery texture.

</doc>
<doc id="19930728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930728" title="Ardsallis">
Ardsallis

Ardsallis () (sometimes written as "Ardsollus") is a townland in County Clare, in Ireland. The village is just outside the village of Quin and is to the south-east of Ennis. Previously it was served by the Ardsollus and Quin railway station which functioned from 1859 until 1963. In past times the area was famous for its horse racing and equestrian fairs. 

</doc>
<doc id="19930734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930734" title="Minnesota Aviation Hall of Fame">
Minnesota Aviation Hall of Fame

The Minnesota Aviation Hall of Fame, Inc. is a nonprofit corporation, recognized by the State of Minnesota as a means of honoring aviation pioneers.
Minnesota Aviation Hall of Fame, Inc. collects and maintains a biographical file on each significant Minnesota aviation personality. These files include interview tapes, photos and other memorabilia.
Replicas of the award plaques given to the Minnesota Aviation Hall of Fame inductees are on display in the passenger waiting area of the Duluth International Airport Terminal.

</doc>
<doc id="19930748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930748" title="José Carlos Souza">
José Carlos Souza

José Carlos Souza Júnior (born July 13, 1971) is a former international swimmer from Brazil, who participated at the 1992 Summer Olympics for his native country. In 1987, he went to live in the United States. He studied Business Administration at the University of Tennessee.
At the 1991 World Aquatics Championships, he finished 25th in the 100-metre butterfly, and 30th in the 200-metre individual medley. 
José Carlos was at the 1991 Pan American Games in Havana, where he finished 7th in the 200-metre individual medley, and 8th in the 50-metre freestyle. 
At the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, his best result was the sixth place in the men's 4×100-metre freestyle. He also finished 12th in the 100-metre butterfly, and 30th in the 200-metre individual medley. 
The Brazilian broke in 1993 two World Records on short course. On July 7, the Brazil team, composed of Fernando Scherer, Teofilo Ferreira, José Carlos Souza and Gustavo Borges broke the world record in 4×100-metre freestyle with a time of 3:13.97, which belonged to Sweden since March 19, 1989: 3:14.00. On December 5, Brazil again beat the record, with the same team, doing 3:12.11. 
In 1993, he was the South American record holder in the 50-metre and 100-metre butterfly, and in the 200-metre individual medley.
He won the Bronze medal in the 1992 NCAA Championships-1993 Indianapolis, in the 100-metre butterfly. Won the gold medal in the 1992 SEC Championships-1992 Fayetville, in the 100-metre butterfly. Brasil National Champion multiple times in 50-metre freestyle, 100-metre freestyle, 100-metre butterfly, 200-metre butterfly, 200-metre individual medley.

</doc>
<doc id="19930750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930750" title="Nosarka">
Nosarka

The name Nosarka is a Surname.

</doc>
<doc id="19930773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930773" title="Jedlinka, Poland">
Jedlinka, Poland

Jedlinka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Chorzele, north of Przasnysz, and north of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19930780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930780" title="Chandrayee Ghosh">
Chandrayee Ghosh

Chandrayee Ghosh () (different spell Chandreye Ghosh or Chandreyi Ghosh) is a Bengali Indian female model and Indian TV and film actress.
Career.
Ghosh made her film debut in Sekhar Das' Mohul Bener Sereng, followed by Tista in 2005, Manush Bhut and Dosar in 2006 and Kaal in 2007 in 2008/09 she announced the beginning of her directorial venture with Sama. The film, which dwells on homosexuality, as per her it is based on her own story and the music will be composed by the actor Parambrata Chatterjee. She said "I was mentally preparing myself to step into direction for a long time," and "I now have the confidence to go ahead with this independent project."
She has also been in several television roles, such as Raat Bhor Brishti, Uttaron and Mohona. She will next be seen in a megaserial, Dushaha Bash, based on Taslima Nasreen’s work and deals with the lives of three sisters. 
She also had a successful stint with Comedy in a Serial Labonor Sansar which used to telecast on Zee Bangla
She is Currently active with number of Serials among them the major one are Behula as in Hindu Goddess Manasa, Ekhane Aakash Neel and Sindoor Khela all three telecasted on Free-to-Air Channel Star Jalsa 

</doc>
<doc id="19930786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930786" title="Berne Convention (1906)">
Berne Convention (1906)

The Berne Convention (formally, the International Convention respecting the Prohibition of the Use of White (Yellow) Phosphorus in the Manufacture of Matches ()) of 1906 is a multilateral treaty negotiated in Berne, Switzerland, which prohibits the use of white phosphorus in the manufacture of matches. The treaty also prohibits the import and sale of such matches.
The background to the treaty was the extensive medical problems such as phossy jaw facing workers in match production. The treaty was concluded on 26 September 1906. It entered into force on 1 January 1912. The Convention remains in force for 48 states. Switzerland is the depositary for the treaty.
In 1925 Edward J. Phelan, future Director General of the International Labour Organisation, stated that the establishment of the ILO, "may in one sense be traced to the Berne Convention of 1906", partly as a result of lobbying by the International Association for Labour Legislation.

</doc>
<doc id="19930804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930804" title="NTV Beleza">
NTV Beleza

, is a women's football team which plays in Division 1 of Japan's Nadeshiko.League. It founded the league back in 1989 and it is the only Japanese women's club to never be relegated.
Squad.
Current squad.
As of 20 March 2013 (reference) - 
NTV Menina.
NTV Menina is the nickname for Beleza's football academy. Players such as Aya Miyama and Karina Maruyama have been on its roster.
NTV Menina currently plays in the Kantō League (Division 3).

</doc>
<doc id="19930808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930808" title="Urawa Red Diamonds Ladies">
Urawa Red Diamonds Ladies

Squad.
Current squad.
"As of June 29 2013"

</doc>
<doc id="19930813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930813" title="Albirex Niigata Ladies">
Albirex Niigata Ladies

Albirex Niigata Ladies is a Japanese football club from Niigata, founded in 2002.
Squad.
Current squad.
As of 24 March 2013 (reference)

</doc>
<doc id="19930814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930814" title="Astragalus agrestis">
Astragalus agrestis

Astragalus agrestis is a species of milkvetch known by the common names purple milkvetch, purple loco, and field milkvetch. It is native to much of western and northern North America from most of Canada to the southwestern United States, as well as eastern Asia. It grows in vernally moist areas such as meadows, and is often found in sagebrush. 
Description.
This is a perennial herb growing a slender but sturdy stem from an underground caudex. It leans or grows upright to a maximum height near 30 centimeters. The stem is often roughly hairy. Alternately arranged leaves are up to 10 centimeters long and made up of several pairs of leaflets up to 2 centimeters long each. They are oval to lance-shaped and may have notched tips. The inflorescence is an oval-shaped cluster of up to 15 purple or pink-tinted to nearly white pealike flowers. Each flower is up to 2 centimeters long. 
The fruit is an oval-shaped legume pod up to a centimeter long. It is dark colored with white hairs and dries to a papery texture.

</doc>
<doc id="19930822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930822" title="Murroogh">
Murroogh

Murroogh (), sometimes named "Murrooghtoohy" or "Murroghtwohy", is a hamlet in County Clare, Ireland. It covers the townlands of Murrooghtoohy North and Murrooghtoohy South. It is within the parish of Glaninagh, in the barony of Burren. 

</doc>
<doc id="19930823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930823" title="Tracey Brown">
Tracey Brown

Tracey Brown is a Canadian country music artist. Brown, a former member of Family Brown, was nominated for a 1999 Juno Award for Best Country Female Vocalist. Her first solo studio album, "Woman's Work", was released in 1998 and produced a Top 20 single with the title track.
Biography.
Brown began performing at 10 years old as a member of Canada's most awarded country band, Family Brown. During the group's 22 year career, they recorded 17 albums and hosted a syndicated television show. Brown went on to form Juno Award winning group Prescott-Brown with her brother Barry and husband Randall Prescott.
Tracey Brown released her first solo CD in 1998. Three singles were released from the album, including the title track, which peaked at No. 12 on the "RPM" Canadian country singles chart. Brown was nominated for Best Country Female Vocalist at the 1999 Juno Awards and Independent Female Vocalist of the Year at the 1999 Canadian Country Music Association Awards.
In 2000, Brown was featured in the photo book "Dare to Dream - A Celebration of Canadian Women". The following year, she performed at the YWCA Women of Distinction Awards and co-wrote and performed a song for the award winning short film, "Charlie Noir".
Brown completed work on her second solo studio album, "Alone", which was released in 2008. Its first single, "If You Wanna Keep My Love," written by Jon Park-Wheeler, Tracey Brown, and Randall Prescott was sent to country radio in September.

</doc>
<doc id="19930826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930826" title="Royal Natal National Park">
Royal Natal National Park

The Royal Natal National Park is in the KwaZulu Natal province of South Africa and forms part of the uKhahlamba Drakensberg Park World Heritage Site. Notwithstanding the name, it is actually not a South African National Park managed by the SANParks, but rather a Provincial Park managed by Ezemvelo KZN Wildlife.
The main features of the park are the Drakensberg Amphitheatre, a rock wall long by up to high, Mont-Aux-Sources peak where the Orange and Tugela rivers have their source,
and the Tugela Falls, the world's second-highest waterfall.
Notes.
This park will be included into the Maloti-Drakensberg Transfrontier Conservation Area Peace Park. This was also the site of Queen Elizabeth II's 21st birthday on April 21, 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="19930829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930829" title="Aleen Cust">
Aleen Cust

Aleen Isobel Cust (1868–1937) was the first female veterinary surgeon to practice in the British Isles.
She completed her veterinary studies at the Veterinary College in Edinburgh in 1897, but was denied permission to sit the final examination. 
She practised in Co. Roscommon, Ireland with William Augustine Byrne MRCVS and lived at Castelstrange House, Athleague.
The Royal College of Veterinary Surgeons in London did not recognise her right to practice in her own right in the Britain until 1922. This followed the enactment of the Sex Disqualification (Removal) Act 1919.
She died in Jamaica on 29 January 1937.

</doc>
<doc id="19930833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930833" title="Arno Esch">
Arno Esch

Arno Esch (February 6, 1928 – July 24, 1951) was a German liberal politician of the late 1940s in the Soviet Occupation Zone. He was executed at the Lubyanka prison in Moscow in 1951 at the age of 23.
Biography.
Esch was born and brought up in Memel (Klaipėda). In late 1944 he was evacuated to Mecklenburg, where he was drafted into military service as a Navy–Flakhelfer. In 1946 Esch started to study law at the University of Rostock and became a member of the Liberal Democratic Party of Germany (LDPD). He opposed against the claimed leading role of the communist Youth organisation Freie Deutsche Jugend and was elected into the LDPD committee in 1948 and the LDPD executive committee in 1949. He was a co-author of the "Eisenacher program" of the LDPD.
Esch wrote several editorials for the "Norddeutsche Zeitung", the newspaper of the Liberal-Democrats in Mecklenburg, in which he applied for the Separation of powers, individual civil and political rights and the abolition of the death penalty. Esch caused a controversial for his dictum:" "A Chinese liberal is more affiliated to me than a German communist"".
Esch was imprisoned by the Soviet NKVD on October 18, 1949 together with 12 other young Liberals and sentenced to death by a soviet Military tribunal for "counterrevolutionary activities" in July 1950, he was transferred to Moscow, where the sentence was approved and executed at the Lubyanka prison on July 24, 1951.
The judgement was voided in 1990 by the Soviet High Court.
Remembrance.
The FDP-attached Arno-Esch-Foundation and the Arno-Esch-Award of the German Liberal Association of Academics are named after him. Streets in Rostock, Schwerin and Schönberg (Mecklenburg-Vorpommern) as well as a memorial plaque at the University of Rostock remind of Esch.

</doc>
<doc id="19930837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930837" title="Sasha Siem">
Sasha Siem

Sasha Siem is a British-Norwegian singer-songwriter and composer.
Sasha studied music and poetry at Cambridge University and Harvard University By her early twenties she had written music for the London Symphony Orchestra, The Royal Opera House, Rambert Dance Company, Opera North, The Aldeburgh Festival, Caius Choir Cambridge, Le Nouvel Ensemble Moderne, The London Sinfonietta, and the London Philharmonic Orchestra . In 2010, she became one of the youngest people to win a British Composer Award . She has also been awarded the Arthur Bliss Prize and the Royal Philharmonic Society Composition Prize.
Sasha has performed at festivals and venues across Europe and the US, including The Royal Opera House, London; HBC, Berlin; the Ultima Oslo Contemporary Music Festival, and (Le) Poisson Rouge, NYC.
While parallels have been drawn with pioneering singer-songwriters such as Tom Waits, Jacques Brel, Gary Glitter Björk, and Joanna Newsom the influence of art-song composers such as György Kurtág, Claude Vivier, Salvatore Sciarrino is equally evident in her music.
The Guardian recently noted that Sasha is "making waves in the music scene". CBS magazine has hailed her as a "woman of note" and a talent to watch.
Sasha released her debut EP "So Polite" on 1 February 2013. Her debut album is being recorded by Valgeir Sigurosson in Iceland, is due for release in 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="19930840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930840" title="Scott Tucker">
Scott Tucker

Scott Eric Tucker (born February 18, 1976) is an American former competition swimmer, Olympic gold medalist, and former world record-holder. Tucker represented the United States at two consecutive Summer Olympics. He won a gold (1996) and a silver medal (2000) with the U.S. relay teams in the preliminary heats of the men's 4x100-meter freestyle.

</doc>
<doc id="19930844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930844" title="Vicini">
Vicini

Vicini is a family of the Dominican Republic of Italian origin.
Juan Bautista Vicini.
Juan Bautista Vicini Canepa, was born on February 25, 1847 in Zoagli, a coastal village near Genoa to Angelo Vicini and Anna Canepa. Vicini left Italy and went to the Dominican Republic in 1860 at the age of 12. He was invited to travel to the Dominican Republic as an apprentice to join his countryman Nicole Genevaro who was an exporter of coffee and sugar. After a few years, he purchased the operations belonging to Mr. Genevaro.
Juan Bautista, better known as "Baciccia", was very successful in business. Thanks in part to his hard work and his savings, he managed to acquire land for the cultivation of sugar cane. 
His family residence is located on the Avenida Isabela la Católica No. 158, in the city of Santo Domingo, marked with a placard reading J.B. Vicini. This designation is still preserved on the facades of headquarters of companies belonging to the family. This residence was his place of work. Locals gave it the name Casa Vicini. 
Eleven children were born of his marriage to Laura Perdomo Santamaria. Seven of them went to live with her to Genoa, Italy. Vicini Canepa, patriarch of the Vicini family, returned only once to Italy and died in 1900 at the age of 53.
Felipe and Juan Vicini Perdomo.
Upon his death, Juan and Felipe Vicini Perdomo, suspended their professional studies in Italy to take over the family business in the Dominican Republic. 
Felipe and Juan Vicini Perdomo increased investment to modernize the factory and field work in the sugar, in real estate both in urban and rural areas of the country. 
The political and economic pressure of the Dominican dictator Rafael Leonidas Trujillo by appropriating all the national wealth, forced the family Vicini Cabral to transfer their residence abroad.
José María, Juan Bautista, Felipe and Laura Vicini Cabral.
The third generation of family Vicini, under the leadership of Juan Bautista (Gianni), participated actively in the process of overthrowing the dictatorship, the country's economic consolidation and democratic process of the nation. 
The beginning of democracy with the death of Dominican dictator Trujillo in 1961, he found a country where almost all economic areas, had been dominated by the dictator and his closest relatives and collaborators. 
The active participation as well as the capital of the Vicini family was instrumental in creating private banks, universities, associations, businesses and nonprofit foundations, all promoters of the country's development and new business that channeled the nation towards development. The family Vicini Cabral participated in those efforts, both as advocates, with financial resources and with the participation and personal presence.
The Price of Sugar.
The Vicini Family was depicted in "The Price of Sugar", a 2007 documentary by Bill Haney about exploitation of Haitian immigrants in the Dominican Republic involved with production of sugar. The documentary shows the poor working conditions in the sugar cane plantations, and describes the actions taken by the Vicini family to stifle efforts to change the situation.
Subjects of the film, Felipe and Juan Vicini Lluberes, filed a defamation suit on August 31, 2007 against Uncommon Productions and producer Bill Haney, alleging 53 factual inaccuracies. According to Read McCaffrey, a partner in the law firm Patton Boggs representing the Vicinis, 'The misrepresentation are very egregious and as deceptive as I have seen in a very long time.'" However, according to the First Circuit Court of Appeals, the Vicini family "later winnowed the number of allegedly defamatory statements down to seven". The Appeals Court upheld a judgment from a lower court that the Vicini brothers were "public figures under the circumstances". The brothers thus must prove that the filmmakers made false depictions and knew about it. If they had been private figures, as the plaintiffs had unsuccessfully tried to prove, the filmmakers could have been liable for publishing information without verifying its truth. The appeals court sent the case back to the lower court to decide if the filmmakers have to hand over a report that they prepared to obtain insurance coverage for the film. After that, the lower court can determine whether information shown in the film was false and, if it was the case, if the filmmakers knew about it.

</doc>
<doc id="19930857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930857" title="South Carolina Department of Corrections">
South Carolina Department of Corrections

The South Carolina Department of Corrections (SCDC) is the agency responsible for corrections in the U.S. state of South Carolina. It currently has about 6,000 employees and 23,000 inmates, in 28 institutions. The agency has its headquarters in Columbia.
History.
The South Carolina penal system was essentially founded in 1866, when the first state penitentiary was constructed. The SCDC was created in 1960, when the state governor decided to end abuses in the previous system (particularly the use of convict labor on private property as a form of political reward). The new SCDC removed chains and stripes from inmates' uniforms, and it established inmate education programs.
The numbers of inmates since the SCDC creation are as follows: 2,073 (1960); 2,705 (1970); 7,869 (1980); 16,149 (1990); 22,053 (2000).
Operations.
The Palmetto Unified School District (PUSD), established in 1981, provides educational services to inmates in the system. The district board of trustee meetings are held at the William D. Leeke Administration Building.
Death row.
The state's death row for men is located at Lieber Correctional Institution. The state's death row for women is located at the Camille Griffin Graham Correctional Institution. Executions occur at the Broad River Correctional Institution (BRCI).
From 1912 to January 1990 male death row inmates were housed in the Central Correctional Institution (CCI). BRCI held male death row inmates from January 1990 to April 12, 1997, when male death row inmates were moved to Lieber. From 1912 to 1986 executions were carried out at CCI. From 1990 onwards executions occur at BRCI.
Fallen officers.
Since the establishment of the South Carolina Department of Corrections, 2 officers have died in the line of duty.

</doc>
<doc id="19930859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930859" title="Constitution of Tajikistan">
Constitution of Tajikistan

The Constitution of Tajikistan adopted on 6 November 1994 and amended by referendum on 26 September 1999 and 22 June 2003 is the supreme law of the Republic of Tajikistan (Article 10). Amendments to the Constitution of the Republic of Tajikistan in 1999 established a new bicameral parliament (Article 48) and extended the President's term of office from five to seven years (Article 65). The Constitution declares ideological and political pluralism, ensuring human rights and social-legal guarantees.
Article 1.
The Republic of Tajikistan is a sovereign, democratic, constitutional, secular, and unitary state.
Article 2.
The state language of Tajikistan is the Tajik language. The Russian language is a language for inter-ethnic communication. All national and ethnic groups residing on the territory of the republic may freely use their native language.
Article 4.
The capital of Tajikistan is the city of Dushanbe.
Article 5.
The life, the honor, the dignity, and other natural human rights are inviolable. Human rights and freedoms are recognized, observed, and protected by the state. 
Article 8.
Public life in Tajikistan develops on the basis of political and ideological pluralism. No single ideology, including a religious ideology, may be adopted as the ideology of the state.
Article 9.
The state power is divided into legislative, executive, and judicial branches.
Article 11.
Tajikistan implements a peace-loving policy, respects the sovereignty and independence of other states, determines its external policy on the basis of international norms. War propaganda is prohibited.
Article 12.
The economy of Tajikistan is based on different forms of ownership. The state guarantees freedom of economic and entrepreneurial activity, equality of rights, and legal protection of all forms of ownership, including private property.
Article 13.
The land, the mineral resources, the water, the air space, the animal and plant kingdom, and other natural resources are the exclusive property of the state, and the state guarantees their efficient use in the interest of the people.

</doc>
<doc id="19930861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930861" title="Chamsulvara Chamsulvarayev">
Chamsulvara Chamsulvarayev

Chamsulvara Chamsulvarayev (born on September 6, 1984 ) is a male freestyle wrestler from Azerbaijan. He participated in Men's freestyle 74 kg at 2008 Summer Olympics. He was eliminated from the competition losing with Murad Gaidarov in the 1/8 of final.
He won a bronze medal on 2007 FILA Wrestling World Championships.

</doc>
<doc id="19930863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930863" title="JEF United Ichihara Chiba Ladies">
JEF United Ichihara Chiba Ladies

Squad.
Current squad.
As of 23 January 2013 (reference)<br> 

</doc>
<doc id="19930864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930864" title="1997–98 Asian Cup Winners' Cup">
1997–98 Asian Cup Winners' Cup

The winners of the 1997–98 Asian Cup Winners' Cup, the association football competition run by the Asian Football Confederation, are listed below.
First round.
West Asia.
"1 both matches in UAE"
East Asia.
1 Both matches played in China, 1st leg at Beijing, 2nd leg at Wenzhou.
Second round.
West Asia.
"1 Al Shabab withdrew" <br> 
"2 both matches in Qatar"

</doc>
<doc id="19930865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930865" title="Liam Bradley">
Liam Bradley

Liam Bradley (Irish: Liam Ó Brolcháin), commonly known by his nickname Baker, is an Irish former Gaelic football manager. A former player for Derry and for his club, Glenullin, Bradley has managed the Antrim senior football team between October 2008 and August 2012 and from November 2013 until the present day.
Personal life.
Bradley comes from a family with a strong footballing background. Two of his uncles, James and Paddy Rafferty had played for Derry. When Bradley won the Derry Championship with Glenullin in 1985, five of his brothers were also on the team. His brother Gabriel won two Ulster Championship medals with Derry in 1975 and 1976. His cousin Colm Rafferty won the All-Ireland Senior Football Championship with Derry in 1993.
He is father of Derry players Paddy and Eoin Bradley. He is also an uncle to Glenullin and Derry player Gerard O'Kane.
Playing career.
Inter-county.
Bradley has represented Derry at Minor, Under 21 and Senior levels. He was drafted into the Senior panel by Frankie O'Loan and Harry Shivers. He however wasn't part of Mickey Moran's plans when he became manager - he holds no grudges saying "That is just the way it goes". His senior career was mainly limited to a few Dr. McKenna Cup games. He recalls "I never really cut it at senior with Derry as in the early '80s I was just down the pecking order a bit".
Club.
When Bradley was growing up, his home-club Glenullin, didn't have any underage teams at the time due to a lack of population in the area. He instead played for neighbouring club Pádraig Pearse's GAC Kilrea. His team-mates on the Kilrea team included a young Martin O'Neill, who would go on to play and coach professional soccer. He played in an Under 16 final against Glack in 1974.
He however played for Glenullin at Senior level and enjoyed a long career with them. He won the Derry Senior Football Championship with the club in 1985. He retired from playing in 1996 at the age of 36, he even played in the Reserve Championship semi-final against Dungiven that year alongside his son Paddy.
School.
Bradley played full back when St Pat's, Maghera won the 1977 MacRory Cup final against Abbey C.B.S., Newry. It was the first time the school had won the competition - the most important in Ulster Colleges football.
Early managerial influences.
When playing underage football for Kilrea, he played under Father Leo Deery, the parish priest of Kilrea at the time. He described him as "a great GAA man" and one of the first people to introduce him to Gaelic football.
Bradley also hails Ballinderry's Adrian McGuckin as an inspirational influence, who taught him most of what he knows about coaching football. McGuckin was manager when Bradley won a MacRory Cup playing with St. Pat's in 1977. He says "Adrian was a brilliant man. He was probably the greatest coach I ever played under, or the greatest coach I've ever seen". He continued "Adrian installed a will to win with us that was unbelievable".
Club management.
By the early 1980s, despite only being in his early 20s, Bradley was part of Glenullin's underage management team with Danny McIlvar and Gerard O'Kane. He says "That's when I started coaching and it's just progressed from there. His first stint as Senior manager of Glenullin came in the late 1980s, when both he and Gerard O'Kane were player-managers. He coached St Matthew's GAC Drumsurn when Richard Ferris was manager. and has also been manager of John Mitchel's GAC Claudy between 2002 and 2004. Bradley took over as manager of home-club Glenullin in 2005, and guided them to success in the 2007 Derry Championship, where they beat Bellaghy in the final after a replay. It was Glenullin's first victorious Championship since 1985. He also led them to victory in the Ulster Club Football League earlier that year. He was manager of Banagher in 2008.
Inter-county management.
Derry roles.
When Richard Ferris was manager of the Derry minor team, he brought Bradley in as coach / joint manager. And along with Ferris he has managed Derry Under 21s in the past. He applied for the Derry Senior manager's job in late 2004 for the 2005 season, but the role eventually went to Mickey Moran. He was also involved in the Derry Senior set-up for a season under manager Paddy Crozier. Bradley was a selector in 2006, but stood down from the role in February 2007, stating he wanted to concentrate on managing Glenullin. He applied for the vacant Derry job in 2008, with the position eventually going to Damian Cassidy.
Antrim Seniors.
Shortly before the nomination deadline of 17 October 2008, on the advice of his sons Paddy and Eoin, "good friend" Richard Ferris and Tony Scullion, Bradley applied for the vacant Antrim senior football manager's job. Interviews for the position were held on Wednesday 22 October, and a day later the Antrim County Board secretary Frankie Quinn released a statement stating Bradley had been installed as new Antrim manager for three years, subject to an annual review. Also applying for the job were Brian White, Frank Delargy and Conor MacSherry. Bradley commented "I wanted he job because I see a lot of potential in Antrim," and went on to say "But I am under no illusions about the work me and my backroom team will have to do." Bradley chose Niall Conway of the Ballinderry club in Derry as his assistant manager. Conway guided the Derry minor team to the finals of both the Ulster Minor and All-Ireland Minor Championships in 2007 and Bradley described him as "one of the best young coaches in Ulster". His other selector was Paddy McNeill of Rasharkin, and Creggan's Tony McCollum served as liaison officer. The new physio was Patrina Scullion.
Bradley's first season in charge of Antrim was seen as a hughly successful one. He stated their aim at the start of the year as gaining promotion from Division 4 of the National Football League. Antrim achieved this feat by going undefeated and finishing top of Division 4. Along with second-placed Sligo they qualified for the National League Division 4 final. They were defeated in the final.
The 2009 Championship was Antrim's best in many years. Against the odds they defeated both Donegal and Cavan to qualify for the county's first Ulster Championship final in 39 years. Antrim were aiming to win their first Ulster title since 1951. They were beaten in the decider by reigning All-Ireland champions Tyrone, but Antrim gained a lot of admiration for their performance in the match. They exited the Championship following a defeat to Kerry in Round 4 of the Qualifiers. Contrary to most predictions (Kerry were expected to win comfortably), the game was very close and Antrim were unfortunate not to win.
On 27 August 2012, Bradley's departure as Antrim's senior football manager was announced. On 5 November 2013, Bradley's return as Antrim's senior football manager was announced.

</doc>
<doc id="19930875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930875" title="Alfred Watt">
Alfred Watt

The Very Reverend Alfred Ian Watt was an eminent Anglican priest in the second half of the 20th century.
He was born in 1934, trained at Edinburgh Theological College and was ordained in 1960. Initially a curate at St Paul's Cathedral, Dundee, he was then Rector of Arbroath before becoming Provost of St Ninian's Cathedral, Perth in 1969. After 13 years in post he became Rector of St Paul’s Kinross before his appointment as Dean of St Andrews, Dunkeld and Dunblane. He retired in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="19930877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930877" title="Ivarstown">
Ivarstown

Ivarstown () is a small village in County Clare, Munster in Ireland. The village covered a total area of and was located within the parish of Kilfinaghta, in the barony of Lower Bunratty. It takes its name from the Ievers family and is located on the opposite back of the O'Garney river from the village of Sixmilebridge.

</doc>
<doc id="19930878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930878" title="Lawnie Wallace">
Lawnie Wallace

Lawnie Wallace is a Canadian country music singer. Wallace recorded one studio album for MCA Canada, 1995's "Thought I Was Dreaming". Four singles from the album charted on the "RPM" Country Tracks chart in Canada, including the number 8-peaking title track.

</doc>
<doc id="19930881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930881" title="Irará">
Irará

Irará is a city in Bahia, Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="19930888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930888" title="Mattias Ohlin">
Mattias Ohlin

Mattias Ohlin (born February 4, 1978, in Trelleborg, Skåne County) is a former international freestyle and backstroke swimmer from Sweden, who participated in two consecutive Summer Olympics for his native country, starting in 2000. 
Ohlin is best known for winning the gold medal in the men's 4×100 m freestyle at the 2000 FINA Short Course World Championships in Athens, Greece.

</doc>
<doc id="19930895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930895" title="LBE Nos. 1 to 3">
LBE Nos. 1 to 3

Locomotive numbers 1 to 3 on the Lübeck-Büchen railway ("Lübeck-Büchener Eisenbahn" or LBE) in Germany were streamlined tank locomotives. The locomotives had a 2-4-2T wheel arrangement, a two-cylinder, superheated engine and were capable of push-pull operations. In order to ensure a symmetrical running gear, both carrying axles were built as Bissel bogies, which were fitted with return devices for improved running.
In order to run faster passenger train services between Hamburg and Lübeck, the LBE ordered the construction of three engines in 1935 from the locomotive works of Henschel in Kassel. At the same time, the coach building firms of WUMAG in Görlitz and Linke-Hofmann in Breslau were tasked to manufacture the double-decker coaches to go with the locomotives.
Locomotives LBE 1 and 2 were delivered in 1936; LBE 3, which with its larger water tank and boiler appeared somewhat heavier, followed one year later. The engines had a top speed of 120 km/h and were used in push-pull services. Due to their appearance and grey livery they were soon nicknamed "Micky Mouse".
On the nationalisation of the LBE on 1 January 1938 the locomotives were incorporated into the Reichsbahn's numbering scheme as DRG Class 60 with numbers 60 001 to 60 003 and homed in Lübeck locomotive depot ("Bahnbetriebswerk") in Reichsbahndirektion Schwerin. Nevertheless their duties did not change until the outbreak of war in 1939. Then express services were withdrawn and the three engines were to be retired.
There were attempts to sell the engines to the Frankfurt-Königstein railway, but these locomotives were designed for express services on the north German plain and not for the "Königsteiner Bahn", which had very steep sections. During the trial only two of the 14 wagons attached at Frankfurt-Höchst arrived at Königstein, the rest had to be uncoupled en route.
Number 60 001 was used as a heating engine and went missing during the war. The other two ended up in the Deutsche Reichsbahn in the GDR. Number 60 002 worked in the area of Berlin until 1958 and was scrapped in 1962 at Leipzig. Number 60 003 remained in service until 1954 at Stralsund locomotive depot.

</doc>
<doc id="19930916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930916" title="Miles Staveley">
Miles Staveley

Miles Staveley (born August 12, 1846) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm round-arm bowler who played for Surrey. He was born in St. Pancras.
Staveley made a single first-class appearance for the side, in 1870, against Sussex. He scored 3 runs in the first innings and a duck in the second - and took figures of 1-24 with the ball.

</doc>
<doc id="19930917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930917" title="John Cowderoy">
John Cowderoy

John Cowderoy (April 19, 1851 — January 15, 1934) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a left-arm roundarm bowler who played for Surrey. He was born in Battersea and died in Fulham.
Cowderoy made a single first-class appearance for the side, in 1876, against Nottinghamshire. He scored 2 runs in each innings in which he batted, in a game in which, in their first innings, Surrey finished 26 all out, a total which remained, for four years, their lowest total in first-class cricket.

</doc>
<doc id="19930944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930944" title="Klaus Lanzarini">
Klaus Lanzarini

Klaus Lanzarini (born January 18, 1977 in Latina) is a former international freestyle swimmer from Italy, who participated at the 2000 Summer Olympics for his native country. He is best known for winning the gold medal in the men's 4x100m freestyle at the 2006 FINA Short Course World Championships in Shanghai, PR China.

</doc>
<doc id="19930950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930950" title="Don Neilson">
Don Neilson

Don Neilson is a Canadian country music artist. Neilson recorded three studio albums for Epic Records. He charted twelve singles on the Canadian country music charts, of which the highest was the No. 9-peaking "You're My Hometown" in 1993. Neilson was nominated for Best Country Male Vocalist at the Juno Awards in 1993 and 1996.

</doc>
<doc id="19930955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930955" title="Children of Mata Hari">
Children of Mata Hari

Children of Mata Hari (, , ) is a 1970 French/Italian/West German international co-production crime film directed by Jean Delannoy and starring Klaus Kinski. 

</doc>
<doc id="19930971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930971" title="Heinrich Kling">
Heinrich Kling

Heinrich Kling (10 September 1913 — 30 September 1951) was a Sturmbannführer (Major) in the Waffen-SS, his SS number was 39 402 and he was a member of the Leibstandarte SS "Adolf Hitler"..
In Autumn of 1942, the 1st SS Motorized Division Leibstandarte SS "Adolf Hitler". was upgraded to the status of a Panzer Grenadier Division and an additional 13th Company was added equipped with the Tiger tank. The command of the 13th Company was given to Hauptsturmführer (Captain) Heinz Kling.
Training on the new tank took place at Paderborn in Germany and then at Ploermel in France.
In the end of January 1943, "LSSAH" was transferred back to the Eastern Front.
While in command of the II./Battalion, SS Panzer Regiment 1 on the 29 December 1943 he was awarded the German Cross in Gold
He was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross on the 23 February 1944 
He later went on to command the 101st SS Heavy Panzer Battalion of the "LSSAH" 
and ended the war still in command of the 101st Heavy Panzer Battalion with a total of 51 tank kills to his credit.
Tiger Knights.
While under Kling's command the men of 13s.Company had more Knights Cross recipients then any other company:

</doc>
<doc id="19930984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930984" title="County Championship (disambiguation)">
County Championship (disambiguation)

The County Championship may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19930987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930987" title="Pat Smythe (priest)">
Pat Smythe (priest)

Patrick Murray "Pat" Smythe was an Anglican priest in the second quarter of the 20th century. He was born into a clerical family on 24 March 1860 and educated at Charterhouse and Keble College, Oxford. Ordained in 1883, he was initially a curate at St Mark's Swindon and then held incumbencies at Rockingham, Westbury and Kettering before being appointed Provost of St Ninian's Cathedral, Perth in 1911, a post he held for 24 years. A great angler, he died on 19 March 1935
References.
Pat hid Peter lalor.

</doc>
<doc id="19930989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19930989" title="ESMO">
ESMO

ESMO may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19931004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931004" title="Fundação para a Ciência e Tecnologia">
Fundação para a Ciência e Tecnologia

The Foundation for Science and Technology (), FCT, is an organization within the Ministério da Educação e Ciência in Portugal which evaluates and funds scientific research activities, in particular in the areas of natural sciences, exact sciences, social sciences and humanities.

</doc>
<doc id="19931006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931006" title="Covington &amp; Burling">
Covington &amp; Burling

Covington & Burling LLP is an international law firm with offices in Beijing, Brussels, London, New York, San Francisco, Seoul, Shanghai, Silicon Valley, San Diego, and Washington, DC. The firm advises multinational corporations on significant transactional, litigation, regulatory, and public policy matters. Covington & Burling LLP consistently ranks among the top 20 on "The American Lawyer"’s "A-List", based on financial performance, "pro bono" activity, associate satisfaction, and diversity. The firm has an overall prestige ranking of 11 by Vault, and is the 6th most selective law firm in the United States. 
Accolades and Rankings.
According to Vault's 2012 law firm rankings, Covington & Burling is the most prestigious law firm in Washington, D.C., the #11 most prestigious law firm in the United States, and the #6 most selective law firm in the United States. The firm has appeared on "The American Lawyer"'s "A-List" consecutively for the past three years. The firm was also ranked #2 (tie) on the 2007 Schiltz 100, a ranking that inversely correlates profits per partner and firm prestige.
History.
Judge J. Harry Covington and Edward B. Burling founded Covington & Burling in Washington, DC, on January 1, 1919.
In 1988, Covington opened a London office, followed by a Brussels office in 1990. In 1999, Covington merged with a 60-lawyer New York firm called Howard, Smith & Levin and also opened its first West Coast office in San Francisco. In 2008, Covington entered into a strategic alliance with Institution Quraysh for Law & Policy (iQ), a Qatar-based transnational law firm and think-tank, for the joint provision of legal and consulting services in the Middle East. As of mid-2009, both firms share the same London office premises.
Clients.
Major Companies.
Major companies that have been represented by attorneys of the firm include: Apple, Bank of America, the original Big East Conference (becoming the American Athletic Conference in July 2013), Bunge, Deere & Company, Eastman Kodak Company, Eli Lilly, General Electric Company, Giorgio Armani, IBM Corporation, Harley-Davidson, match.com, Microsoft Corporation, Morgan Stanley, NASCAR, National Basketball Association, National Football League, Procter & Gamble, and Verizon.
Commonwealth of Australia.
According to press reports and filings with the U.S. Department of Justice under the Foreign Agents Registration Act, Covington & Burling assisted the government of Australia in pursuing the legislation to create a new visa category reserved exclusively for nationals of Australia following the enactment of the U.S.-Australia Free Trade Agreement. The Covington team included Stuart Eizenstat, Martin Gold, Roderick DeArment, David Marchick, Elizabeth Letchworth, Les Carnegie, and Brian Smith. On November 20, 2012, the LegalTimes reported that the Embassy of South Korea had hired Covington & Burling to advise on a similar visa for Korea. Covington of counsel Brian Smith and senior international policy adviser Alan Larson reportedly lead the matter, assisted by senior counsel Martin Gold and associate Jonathan Wakely.
Controversial Clients.
Controversial clients of the firm include: Office Chérifien des Phosphates, Southern Peru Copper Corporation, Philip Morris, Halliburton, and Xe Services.
Creekstone Farms Quality Beef.
In April 2004, the Washington DC newspaper The Hill reported: "Creekstone Farms Quality Beef, which has been battling the U.S. Department of Agriculture to get permission to test its cattle for mad cow disease, has hired Covington & Burling to help it make its case."
At the time, Creekstone was one of two U.S. beef producers who were seeking to resume exports to Japan, South Korea and other countries by testing every head of cattle they processed for mad cow disease.
Halliburton.
In 2003, Halliburton hired the firm to lobby Washington on behalf of its KBR Government Operations division, the same division being pummeled by the media, the Pentagon and Congress for its handling of Iraq contracts. Covington & Burling was paid $520,000 to handle "inquiries concerning company's construction and service contracts in Iraq," the firm said in a filing.
According to the filing, Covington & Burling listed the following people as lobbyists for Halliburton/KBR: Roderick A. DeArment, who was chief of staff to now-retired Sen. Bob Dole (R-KS); Martin B. Gold, former counsel to Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist (R-TN); Stuart E. Eizenstat, U.S. ambassador to the European Union during the Clinton administration; Alan A. Pemberton, coordinator of the firm's government contracts practice; David M. Marchick, who served in various posts in the Clinton administration; Jack L. Schenendorf; Peter Flanagan; Jennifer Plitsch; Benjamin J. Razi; and Allegra Lane.
Halliburton's lobbying expenses are disclosed in documents submitted under the Lobbying Disclosure Act of 1995, which requires congressional and executive branch lobbyists to disclose their lobbying activities twice per year. Each year the information is disclosed at the Senate Office of Public Records.
Phillip Morris.
Covington & Burling also served as corporate affairs consultants to the Philip Morris group of companies, according to a 1993 internal budget review document which indicated the firm was paid $280,000 to "serve as general counsel to the Consumer Products Company Tort Coalition, agree the legal objectives with member company litigators, draft legislation and amendments, prepare lobby papers and testimony for legislative committees and administer the coalition's budget".
During the $280 billion U.S. federal lawsuit against big tobacco, Covington & Burling partner John Rupp, a former lawyer with the industry-funded Tobacco Institute, testified that "the industry sought out scientists and paid them to make an 'objective appraisal' of whether secondhand smoke was harmful to non-smokers, a move they hoped would dispel the 'extreme views' of some anti-smoking activists." He "said the scientists, who came from prestigious institutions such as Georgetown University and the University of Massachusetts Amherst, did not consider themselves to be working 'on behalf' of cigarette makers even though they were being paid by the industry." Rupp said, "We were paying them to share their views in forums where they would be usefully presented," according to Reuters.
Southern Peru Copper Corporation.
According to a September 2003 press release from the firm, Covington & Burling successfully argued on behalf of the Southern Peru Copper Corporation to drop a lawsuit brought against it under the Alien Tort Claims Act (ATCA) by Peruvian citizens charging the copper company with polluting communities and causing health problems. ATCA has been used to address serious human rights violations in places like Burma and East Timor. In their release, Covington & Burling decried the "aggressive, expansionist plaintiffs' litigation" under ATCA.
Chiquita International Brands.
Partner Eric Holder in 2007 defended Chiquita International Brands against lawsuits brought by relatives of people slain by terrorists and paramilitia belonging to the United Self-Defense Forces of Colombia, which Chiquita paid for protection. Holder had previously helped Chiquita negotiate a felony plea bargain, accepted by U.S. District Judge Royce Lamberth, in a criminal prosecution by the federal government for one count of supporting a designated terrorist organization. The plea involved a fine of $25 million USD, also entailing 5 years probation. Chiquita became the first major U.S. corporation to be convicted of financing terrorism. After the settlement, U.S. Assistant Attorney Jonathan Malis said the $1.7 million in payments "fueled violence" and "paid for weapons and ammunition to kill innocent people." Holder stressed that Chiquita had asked the Department of Justice in 2003 if the payments should be stopped.
Xe Services (formerly Blackwater Worldwide).
In April 2010, The Hill newspaper reported that Xe Services, formerly known as Blackwater Worldwide, hired Covington & Burling to lobby on “government contracts,” according to a lobbying disclosure filing. According to the Hill, "his is the first lobbying contract Blackwater has had since early 2009, when it terminated contracts with several different firms." The lobbying report listed the following Covington personnel engaged by Xe: Stuart Eizenstat, a former Treasury deputy secretary during the Clinton administration; Brian Smith, an ex-Clinton White House aide; former Congressman Michael Barnes (D-Md.); Martin Gold, a former floor adviser to ex-Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist (R-Tenn.); and William Wichterman, a former White House aide in the George W. Bush administration.
David Samson.
David Samson serves as the Chairman of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey (PANYNJ) and is a partner and founding member of the law firm Wolff & Samson. In January 2014, it was revealed that Samson was the direct supervisor of Bill Baroni, who resigned from the PANYNJ in December, 2013 for his role in creating a traffic hazard in Fort Lee, New Jersey. This fueled speculation that Samson was involved in the scandal known as Bridgegate. Official e-mails sent from Samson to other Port Authority officials sharply criticized Port Authority Executive Director Patrick Joseph Foye's order to re-open the two closed toll lanes on the George Washington Bridge, accusing the latter of "stirring up trouble." Samson has been summoned to appear before the New Jersey Legislature on the matter and has engaged the firm as part of his legal team.
Pro bono.
Covington’s pro bono work focuses on providing legal services to economically disadvantaged individuals and families in local communities. Attorneys at the firm participate in a six-month rotation program and work at each of three DC-based legal service organizations: Neighborhood Legal Services Program, the Children’s Law Center and Bread for the City.
Covington's pro bono work includes representation in such landmark cases as "Buckley v. Valeo", "Griffin v. Illinois"[http://caselaw.lp.findlaw.com/scripts/getcase.pl?navby=CASE&court=US&vol=351&page=12], and "Korematsu v. United States". However, the firm's pro bono program encompasses a range of areas, including freedom of expression and religion; civil rights and civil liberties; gay rights; family law; education; landlord/tenant; homelessness; employment; criminal and court-appointed cases; police misconduct; environmental law; fairness in government procurements and grants; intellectual property; non-profit incorporation and tax.
The firm’s recent pro bono matters include:
Representation of Guantanamo Bay inmates.
Attorneys at Covington & Burling have been Guantanamo Bay attorneys for Ahmed al-Ghailani fifteen Yemenis, one Pakistani, and one Algerian being held at Guantanamo Bay. The firm obtained favorable rulings that detainees have rights under the Fifth Amendment and the Geneva Conventions. The court ruled in March 2005 that the government could not transfer detainees from Guantanamo Bay to foreign custody without first giving the prisoners a chance to challenge the move in court.
According to The American Lawyer's annual pro bono survey, Covington lawyers spent 3,022 hours on Guantánamo litigation in 2007, "the firm's largest pro bono project that year". Lawyers from the firm who have become administration officials have been advised by ethics officials to recuse themselves in matters involving detainees represented by their former firms, but not from policy issues where they were not personally and substantially involved. Lanny Breuer is one of those who has had to recuse on from some matters since leaving the firm for a government position. Covington also co-authored one of three petitioners' briefs filed in Boumediene v. Bush, "and was responsible for several detainee victories" in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit. "At least one high-ranking appointee played a key role in advancing detainees' rights," but they did not participate in litigation over the Guantanamo Bay prison itself.

</doc>
<doc id="19931010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931010" title="WFTU">
WFTU

WFTU may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19931021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931021" title="Kaal (2007 film)">
Kaal (2007 film)

Kaal ( , Our Time ) is a Bengali film released in 2007. The film directed by Bappaditya Bandopadhyay stars Chandrayee Ghosh, Rudranil Ghosh, Dola Chakraborty, Sandhya Shetty.
It was selected for screening at the Cairo International Film Festival, 2007, the Sao Paulo International Film Festival 2007 and the Stockholm International Film Festival 2007. Incidentally, this is the third successive year that Bandopadhyay's film is being screened at Sao Paulo International Film Festival. The film was already successfully screened at the Osian's Cinefan Festival of Asian and Arab Cinema, 2007, where it was one of the Indian films competing in the festival.
Plot.
KAAL is about four women who are trapped in the world of human trafficking because of poverty. They move from a rural area into a large citya fter being abducted in various ways by the local middleman Ratan (Rudranil Ghosh). They ultimately become call-girls for the sake of survival. Ranidi (the boss, played by Sandhya Shetty) grooms the depressed and oppressed girls and gives them a complete make over in a short time.
The movie depicts the corruption associated with their entire business. The girls accept the fact that money is better than sunshine and sweeter than honey. They forget their miserable past. They get caught up in making more money and buying more fun. They understand that surviving in this treacherous world is not possible through love, honesty and humanity. Hence they let themselves drain away in the world of consuming and consumption. The girls are shown traveling to the top hotels in Kolkata. The middleman Ratan is shown trying to go to Singapore. The village police inspector and the other partners in the game(Indian Border Security Force) continue to operate.
The movie concludes on a negative note. It depicts the basic reality of how simple girls from villages all over India are being stolen, sold and used in the open market of sex and lust in metropolitan cities. The movie shows a never-ending oppression of women and decay of human values.
Director’s note.
"In a way, this film is a sequel to my earlier film Kantatar (Barbed Wire). The partition, at one point of time, caused human displacement in a large scale in our country. The present trend of globalization has once again unleashed a massive displacement of human beings. The backdrop is also even more complex. It was therefore impossible to maintain a linear narration. Kaal is a multilayered film dealing with human displacement."
Censorship.
Bappaditya Bandopadhyay is in trouble with the regional Censor Board for some scenes in "Kaal" being ‘too graphic’. The scene is about the rape of an illegal migrant girl from Bangladesh by personnel of the Border Security Force. The director says that his film is on human trafficking and is based on NGO reports. He is now waiting for the revision committee to see his film. "The problem is that any criticism against any authority is met with iron clamps. The basic principles of democracy are being violated and the right to self-expression is either denied completely, or censored conveniently," says Bappaditya.

</doc>
<doc id="19931036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931036" title="VMessage">
VMessage

vMessage is a file format used for the storage and exchange of short messages, typically SMS messages, between mobile devices and desktop computers. The format is used by multiple vendors, including Nokia, Siemens, and Palm, Inc., and is similar to the commonly used vCard format. vCard is used within the format to embed contact information for the sender of the message.
The vMessage standard is defined by IrDA (Infrared Data Association) in the IrDA Infrared Mobile Communications (IrMC) v1.1 specification. The file extension used when transferring vMessages is vmg.
This standard is mainly concerned with defining methods of exchanging personal data such as business cards, appointments, and notes between mobile devices.
A sub-set of the specification is available here.

</doc>
<doc id="19931038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931038" title="Churchill's Leopards">
Churchill's Leopards

"Churchill's Leopards" (, ) is a 1970 Italian "macaroni combat" war film directed by Maurizio Pradeaux and starring Richard Harrison.
Plot.
A German SS officer (Klaus Kinski) suspects that an officer (Richard Harrison) in command of a dam may not be the loyal Nazi he claims to be. In fact he is a British officer whose mission is to assist commandos in the destruction of the dam before D-Day.
Releases.
Wild East released the film on a Limited Edition NTSC Region 0 DVD double feature with "Salt in the Wound" in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19931041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931041" title="Rod J. Rosenstein">
Rod J. Rosenstein

Rod J. Rosenstein (born in 1965 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania) is the United States Attorney for the United States District Court for the District of Maryland and a former nominee to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit.
Background.
Mr. Rosenstein graduated from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, with a B.S. in Economics, "summa cum laude" in 1986. He earned his J.D. degree "cum laude" in 1989 from Harvard Law School, where he was an editor of the Harvard Law Review. He then served as a law clerk to Judge Douglas H. Ginsburg of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.
After his clerkship, Mr. Rosenstein joined the U.S. Department of Justice through the Attorney General’s Honors Program. From 1990 to 1993, he prosecuted public corruption cases as a trial attorney with the Public Integrity Section of the Criminal Division, then led by Assistant Attorney General Robert S. Mueller, III.
During the Clinton Administration, Mr. Rosenstein served as Counsel to Deputy Attorney General Philip B. Heymann (1993–1994) and Special Assistant to Criminal Division Assistant Attorney General Jo Ann Harris (1994–1995). As an Associate Independent Counsel from 1995 to 1997, he was co-counsel in the trial of three defendants who were convicted of fraud, and he supervised the investigation that found no basis for criminal prosecution of White House officials who had obtained FBI background reports. 
United States Attorney Lynne A. Battaglia hired Mr. Rosenstein as an Assistant U.S. Attorney in 1997. He litigated a wide range of cases, coordinated the credit card fraud and international assistance programs and supervised the law student intern program. He also briefed and argued cases in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit.
From 2001 to 2005, Mr. Rosenstein served as Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General for the Tax Division of the U.S. Department of Justice. He coordinated the tax enforcement activities of the Tax Division, the U.S. Attorneys’ Offices and the IRS, and he supervised 90 attorneys and 30 support employees. He also oversaw civil litigation and served as the acting head of the Tax Division when Assistant Attorney General Eileen J. O'Connor was unavailable, and he personally briefed and argued civil appeals in several federal appellate courts.
President George W. Bush nominated Mr. Rosenstein to serve as United States Attorney for the United States District Court for the District of Maryland on May 23, 2005. He took office on July 12, 2005, after the United States Senate unanimously confirmed his nomination. As United States Attorney, he oversees federal civil and criminal litigation and develops and implements federal law enforcement strategies in Maryland. He also continues personally to litigate cases in the U.S. District Court and in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit.
The Attorney General appointed Mr. Rosenstein to serve on the Advisory Committee of U.S. Attorneys, which evaluates and recommends policies for the Department of Justice. He is vice-chair of the Violent and Organized Crime Subcommittee and a member of the Subcommittees on White Collar Crime, Sentencing Issues and Cyber/Intellectual Property Crime. He also serves on the Attorney General’s Anti-Gang Coordination Committee.
Mr. Rosenstein is on the Board of Directors of the Maryland State’s Attorneys’ Association and of the Maryland chapter of the Federal Bar Association. He is the Core City U.S. Attorney for the Mid-Atlantic Region of the Organized Crime Drug Enforcement Task Force and serves on the Washington/Baltimore High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area Executive Board. He also is a member of the Baltimore City Criminal Justice Coordinating Council. 
As an adjunct professor, Mr. Rosenstein teaches classes on federal criminal prosecution at the University of Maryland School of Law and trial advocacy at the University of Baltimore School of Law. He also serves on the faculty of a trial advocacy seminar at Georgetown University Law Center. He often speaks about law enforcement issues and government service at public events and legal seminars. 
Mr. Rosenstein is an active member of the Maryland and District of Columbia bars and of numerous federal court bars. He belongs to the Maryland, Federal and American Bar Associations. He is a barrister of the Edward Bennett Williams Inn of Court and a member of the Lawyers’ Round Table of Baltimore.
Fourth Circuit nomination under Bush.
On November 15, 2007, President George W. Bush nominated Mr. Rosenstein to a seat on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit to a seat vacated by Francis Dominic Murnaghan, Jr., who had died on August 31, 2000.
On October 12, 2000, President Bill Clinton had nominated African-American federal district court judge Andre M. Davis to replace Murnaghan. The nomination was a part of Clinton's effort to integrate the Fourth Circuit, which up to that point had never had an African-American Circuit Court of Appeals judge. However, since Davis was nominated after July 1, 2000, the unofficial start date of the Thurmond Rule during a presidential election year, no hearings were scheduled on his nomination, and the nomination was returned to Clinton at the end of his term. 
Bush unsuccessfully attempted to fill the seat three times. During the spring of 2001, Bush intended to nominate Washington, D.C. lawyer Peter Keisler, a resident of Bethesda, Maryland, to the Maryland seat on the Fourth Circuit, but was blocked from doing so by Democratic senators Paul Sarbanes and Barbara Mikulski on the grounds that he wasn't sufficiently a member of the Maryland legal community. Keisler later became a nominee to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit in 2006, which was also blocked by the Senate, and Acting United States Attorney General of the United States after the resignation of Alberto Gonzales in 2007. 
In 2004, in an attempt to bypass the necessary approval of Democrats Sarbanes and Mikulski, Bush sought to transfer the open circuit seat to Virginia, which had two Republican senators at the time, John Warner and George Allen. He nominated Virginia resident Claude Allen, an African American member of the Bush administration, to succeed Murnaghan on the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals. Allen's nomination was opposed by the People for the American Way, the NAACP, and the National Organization for Women. Because of the opposition of Sarbanes and Mikulski, Allen's nomination was stalled in the Senate Judiciary Committee and lapsed on December 8, 2005. Bush chose not to renominate Allen.
Rosenstein, a state resident, was afterward nominated to fill the Maryland seat. Mikulski and new Democratic Maryland senator, Benjamin Cardin, blocked Rosenstein's confirmation, stating that he did not have strong enough Maryland legal ties, and due to this Senate Judiciary Committee chairman Patrick Leahy did not schedule a hearing on Rosenstein during the 110th Congress and the nomination lapsed. Davis later was renominated to the same seat and confirmed by the Senate in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19931047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931047" title="Stephanie S. Tolan">
Stephanie S. Tolan

Stephanie S. Tolan (born 1942, Ohio) is an American author of children's books. Her book Surviving the Applewhites received a Newbery Honor in 2003. She obtained a Masters Degree in English at Purdue University. Tolan is a senior fellow at the Institute for Educational Advancement. She lives in Charlotte, North Carolina, with her husband. Her papers are kept at the University of Central Missouri.

</doc>
<doc id="19931061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931061" title="John Newsinger">
John Newsinger

John Newsinger is a British Marxist and professor of History at Bath Spa University. 
A book reviewer for the "New Left Review" he is also author of numerous books and articles, as well as studies of science fiction and of the cinema. He teaches on both undergraduate and postgraduate courses.
Newsinger assisted as a historical consultant on the BBC TV series on "Scotland and the Empire". 
He has been guest speaker at the Folkestone Literary Festival (2006), guest speaker at the Brighton Holocaust Memorial Conference and Plenary Speaker at the Socialist Historians' Conference in London (2007).
He is a member of the following historical societies:
Society for the Study of Labour History; Irish Labour History Society; Military History Society of Ireland; and the US Military History Society.

</doc>
<doc id="19931072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931072" title="Dasvidaniya">
Dasvidaniya

Dasvidaniya (दसविदानिया) is a 2008 Bollywood film released on 7 November 2008. 
The name of the movie is a pun on the list of ten things to be done before death made by Vinay Pathak, and is a play on the Russian phrase до свидания ("do svidaniya"), meaning good bye.
Synopsis.
Amar Kaul (Vinay Pathak) is a 37-year-old accounts manager at a company called Suraj Pharmaceuticals in Mumbai. He is single and lives with his mother (Sarita Joshi). He lives a nondescript life with people oblivious to his existence. One day his doctor tells him that he will die within three months. Realising that his time is limited, Amar makes a list of ten things he wants to do during his life, and sets out to do them.
Release.
Box office.
"Dasvidaniya" was a massive hit collecting in its lifetime run.
Critical reception.
The film received favourable reviews from critics. Martin D'Souza of Bollywood Trade News Network gave the movie 4 stars out of 5 calling it "a memorable experience, one that will leave you richer". Gaurav Malani of Indiatimes Movies gave the film 3 stars, praising the cast, dialogue and scripting and recommended that the movie "should top the list of your 10 most important things to do this weekend." The movie has also been referred by its pun line as "the best goodbye movie ever."

</doc>
<doc id="19931077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931077" title="Rena Gaile">
Rena Gaile

Rena Gaile is a Canadian country music artist. Gaile's first single, "Make Time for Love," was released in 1983. She released an additional seven singles between 1989 and 1993 before issuing her first studio album, "Out on a Limb", in 1995. This album produced seven singles for her on the Canadian country music charts, of which the highest was the No. 10-peaking "Cloud of Dust."
Gaile was nominated for Outstanding New Artist at the "RPM" Big Country Awards in 1993 and 1996. She also received a nomination for Female Artist of the Year at the 1997 Canadian Country Music Association Awards.
Her second album, "At Your Feet", was released in 2001. "Just as I Am" was named Southern Gospel Song of the Year at the 2001 CGMA Covenant Awards. A third album, "One People", followed in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19931078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931078" title="Alana Dante">
Alana Dante

Alana Dante (real name Christel Hoogewijs, born 1 December 1969) is a Belgium-born singer. Early in her life she went to a music academy to study violin and receive singing lessons. She would perform regularly at karaoke bars and clubs in Belgium before professional success.
Alana started her professional career in 1997 with a dance version of Céline Dion's song "Think Twice".
Her big breakthrough was with her 1998 hit "Take me for a ride". Her next single "The Life of the Party" became an even bigger hit. In 1999 Dante won the third semifinal of the Belgian selections for the Eurovision Song Contest with the single "Get ready for the Sunsand".

</doc>
<doc id="19931092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931092" title="Rough Justice (film)">
Rough Justice (film)

Rough Justice () is a 1970 Italian Western film directed by Mario Costa and starring Klaus Kinski.

</doc>
<doc id="19931097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931097" title="Love Is Back">
Love Is Back

Love Is Back is the fifth studio album by Love Unlimited.

</doc>
<doc id="19931101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931101" title="Sport in Tenerife">
Sport in Tenerife

On the island of Tenerife, in the Canary Islands, a large number of sports are practiced, both outdoors and indoors in the various facilities available throughout the island.
Among the sports practiced on the island include the following:
Canary Islands sports.
Canarian wrestling.
Canarian wrestling is practiced on the island, and may be compared to other forms of western African wrestling such as Senegalese wrestling. The fight takes place in a circle, usually on sand, and the two fighters face each other and wrestle until one is felled. In Tenerife there are 26 fighters on the island. The island has numerous teams including two German women's wrestling teams and a league organized by the island institutions, federations and clubs with 24 schools participating in wrestling.
Palo canario.
The game of palo canario ("juego del palo") is a martial art that is practiced between two players who go into battle using sticks without actually making contact with the body of the adversary. The origin of the game was a method of warfare used by early settlers to ward off invaders and was not intended for leisure.
Tenerife has several notable Palo canario clubs: Club-Escuela Acosta de los Campitos, Club-Escuela Las Mercedes, Club-Escuela Maragat, Club-Escuela Tagoror Chiregua, Club-Grupo Bijache de Arafo, Club-Grupo Chimenchia Las Canteras, Club-Grupo Hirgwan.
Bola canaria.
Similar to the French game of boules, bola canaria is a sport that basically consists of gaining points by bowling balls as close to an object as possible. It is played on a rectangular field of sand or soil between 18 and 25 m in length and a width of between 3.5 and 6 meters. In Tenerife, there are some thirty teams that are organized into three categories (first, second and second B). In the third week of August there is a special independent competition when teams can be mixed.
Rural sports.
On the island there are also sports events related to rural areas, primitive sports such as the lifting of stones and the carrying of livestock, the latter which has an official tournament organized by the Asociación Canaria de Arrastre. In April, there is a rural sports exhibition for the whole Canaries usually held in Tegueste.
Water sports.
The island lies in an ideal location for water sports due to its climate and location.
Surf, windsurfing and kitesurfing.
On the island traditional surfing is practiced, as is windsurfing, and the latest, kitesurfing. The island has ten schools and several courses devoted to learning these sports. The main areas for the practice of these disciplines are at El Médano, Playa de Las Américas, the coast of Santa Cruz de Tenerife, Güímar, the coasts of Valle de La Orotava, and especially at Playa del Socorro in Los Realejos. Some of them have been held several Grand Slam contests for the World Cup in the disciplines of "waves", "slalom" and "race courses".
Diving.
As with surfing and windsurfing, there are a large number of diving schools and clubs throughout the coast of Tenerife. On the island there are up to thirty areas for diving where it is possible not only to discover interesting marine flora and fauna, but also in some places to explore the wrecks of sunken ships. Among the best places for diving are Las Galletas, Playa Paraíso and the Punta de la Rasca al Sur, as well as Garachico, Puerto de la Cruz or the Punta de Teno al Norte. The presence of species such as turtles, a permanent colony of pilot whales, and the existence of the bottlenose dolphin means that diving is never done alone.
Swimming.
Swimming is one of the most practiced sports on the island, either in pools or on the shores of the island. There is not only swimming, but water polo, with the Club Natación Martiánez which competes in the National Spanish Water Polo League, synchronized swimming, and long distance "open water" swimming. In Tenerife, there are six teams in the swimming federation: C.N. Teneteide, C.N Alameda, C.N. Echeyde, C.D. Teimar, C.N. Tenerife Masters and C.N Martiánez.
Boating.
Tenerife is ideally placed in the centre of the Canary Islands to offer all types of water sports such as sailing, motor cruising and powerboating.
Chartering a yacht, or joining a sailing course, enables one to explore the unspolilt areas of Tenerife as well as further afield to other islands such as La Gomera, La Palma and Gran Canaria.
Official competitions exist in regards to boating which include the "Vellatina", "Laser"', "Snipe", "Crucero" and the "Optimist", for example. 
Some events are held purely for competitors on the island, while others feature competition from throughout the Canary Islands, Spain, or even internationally.
The first ever RYA (Royal Yachting Association) overseas training centre Club Sail was established on the island and still offers training in all types of boating.
There are also various sport fishing clubs that exist on the island and a championship of offshore fishing.
Aerial sports.
In another sense, sports such as skydiving and paragliding play an important role. The Festival Internacional de Parapente (International Festival of Paragliding) (FLYPA) is held in Los Realejos. There are more than 40 places on the island which are used for these aerial sports.
Motor sports.
In Tenerife, motocross, karting and rallying are three motorsports practiced on the island. Throughout the year, rally competitions are held in their various divisions which take place as part of the regional championship of the Canary Islands. Asphalt rallies are conducted in three tests: Rally Isla de Tenerife, Rally de Granadilla and Rally Villa de Adeje. In the mountain rallying category, there are seven tests, including Güímar. There is also a slalom event held at Arico.
Other sports.
In addition to the above, other sports are played on the island: 
Volleyball.
Volleyball is one of the island's most successful sports, particularly in women's volleyball where CV Tenerife were European champions and participate in the Spanish Super League. Two other teams are the women's CV Aguere 2009/2010 Super League champions and the men's Arona Playa de las Américas which competes in the Spanish Super League. There is a growing interest in this sport in Tenerife.
Football.
As in much of the rest of Spain, football is, by far, the sport most practiced and followed by all the island. The Federación Tinerfeña de Fútbol (Football Federation of Tenerife) has a total of 305 teams competing in the different leagues, and football fields are spread throughout the island territory.
The most prominent football team in Tenerife is Club Deportivo Tenerife, who play in the Segunda División B (Spanish Third Division). Another team from Tenerife, Club Deportivo San Isidro, also participate in the Segunda División B.
Roller Hockey.
The city has a roller hockey team, CP Tenerife, one of the most important in Spain, and dispute the main League OK Liga.
Basketball.
In Tenerife, there is also an opportunity to practice basketball, and many schools and colleges offer the chance to learn and practice the sport. Specifically, the Liga LEB, the second top level Spanish competition includes two teams from this island: Tenerife Rural and Club Baloncesto Canarias.
Baseball.
Tenerife is home to a baseball academy run by the Atlanta Braves,[http://baseballdeworld.com/2009/02/atlanta-braves-to-inaugurate-tenerife-baseball-academy-on-february-22/] which has resulted in a number of amateur signings. The island's baseball club, the Marlins Puerto Cruz, is among the more successful clubs in Spain's top baseball circuit, the Division de Honor de Beisbol.
Hiking.
The extensive network of roads and pathways on the island allows hiking. Numerous associations or companies organize trips into the hills, mountains or along rural roads on the island. Canyoning is a speciality in regards to hiking, and takes the hiker to inaccessible places with high-value natural landscapes. Cliff top walking is common and there is also ropes and climbing equipment available in some places.
Golf.
Golf is a sport that has extensive courses and facilities for practice in Tenerife. It is a discipline which is highly tourism-oriented and generates significant revenue on the island but consequently places a large demand on available water resources. There are a total of nine golf courses on the island. These include Real Club de Golf de Tenerife, Abama Golf, Golf Las Americas, Golf Costa Adeje, Golf del Sur, Amarilla Golf & Country Club, Centro de Golf Los Palos, Buenavista Golf and Golf La Rosaleda.
Rugby union.
Tenerife has its own rugby team.
Other.
Various other sports played on Tenerife include cycling, rowing, tennis, squash, horse riding, judo, karate, and athletics. Club Atletismo Tenerife CajaCanarias is the island's most noted athletic club.

</doc>
<doc id="19931124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931124" title="Consiglio Universitario Nazionale">
Consiglio Universitario Nazionale

The Consiglio Universitario Nazionale (CUN; Italian for National University Council) is an elected body representing the various sectors of the Italian university system. It was established by law n. 18 of 26 January, 2006. The current president is Andrea Lenzi, professor in endocrinology at the Sapienza University of Rome.
The council is composed of a president and fifty-seven members. Forty-two are elected by the professors and researchers, eight by the National Council of University Students, three by the Conference of Rectors of the Italian Universities, three from the technical and administrative staff of the universities, one from among the deans of faculties and one from among the university administrative directors.

</doc>
<doc id="19931125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931125" title="North Rockhampton State High School">
North Rockhampton State High School

North Rockhampton State High School is a co-educational State High School located in Rockhampton, Queensland, Australia. It currently has over 1000 students enrolled and over 80 teaching staff. North Rockhampton High School is currently an academy of excellence in hockey.
To its members, the school is commonly referred to as 'North Rocky High'.
History.
North Rockhampton State High School was founded in 1956, initially renting rooms from two churches and a nearby business when the school buildings were not completed in time for the start of the school year. In its early days, the school was the largest school in Queensland at the time, with over 1500 students.
House Structure.
North Rockhampton High School has four houses.
Sports.
Every year, North Rocky High holds Interhouse Athletics and Swimming Carnivals. Before Easter, the school holds an Interhouse Cross-Country day at Kemp Beach on the Capricorn Coast.
Notable alumni.
North Rockhampton High School has had a number of ex-students go on to become extremely successful in their chosen areas.
Most notably, North Rockhampton High School was the high school of Olympic Gold Medallist hockey players, Mark Knowles and Jamie Dwyer. Jamie Dwyer is now regarded by many as the greatest current hockey player in the world.
Dr Beres Joyner was appointed "staff specialist" in 2012, by Queensland Health. There are only 27 such positions in Queensland. This comes after years working in a wide variety of medical practice areas, including indigenous health.

</doc>
<doc id="19931129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931129" title="Nights in Rodanthe (novel)">
Nights in Rodanthe (novel)

Nights in Rodanthe is a romantic love novel by American writer Nicholas Sparks in September 2002.
Set in Rodanthe, North Carolina, the story follows the purely intense and close romance of a divorced mother, Adrienne Willis, and a divorced father and surgeon, Paul Flanner. The novel's two main protagonists meet in an inn in Rodanthe and fall strongly in love. However, fate and destiny falls upon them when they realize that leaving Rodanthe would mean going back to their separate lives.
Sparks based parts of his story on his own life's events, particularly his courting of the woman he married, Cathy Cote. Themes of genuine romantic love, and sacrifice are incorporated in the novel. "Nights in Rodanthe" was adapted into a 2008 film of the same name.
Plot summary.
The story begins in 2002 in Rocky Mount, North Carolina. Adrienne Willis, a part-time librarian and divorced mother of three, is helping her daughter, Amanda, cope with depression. Adrienne is having problems coping with the loss of her husband and is having difficulties raising her three children. In an effort to show that life goes on despite trying times, Adrienne tells her daughter the story of her relationship with Paul Flanner, whom she met in 1988.
Adrienne was abandoned for a younger woman by her husband. She parented their children alone and took care of her sick father. This had worn her down. So when an opportunity comes along to tend an inn in the small coastal town of Rodanthe, North Carolina for a friend, Adrienne decides to do it. As soon as she arrives, a major storm is forecast. Meanwhile, Paul, a fifty-four-year-old father, arrives in Rodanthe. He has sold his home and practice, and now wishes to travel to an isolated place where he can seek relief from his shattered life. A successful surgeon, he has recently divorced from his wife, and has had a patient die.
While the storm looms, the two characters, the only people at the inn, find compassion in one another and fall in love. After a few days, Adrienne and Paul slowly realize that once they leave, they must return to their separate lives. Paul explains a promise to join his estranged son in a medical clinic in Ecuador; eventually, he and Adrienne part. Adrienne returns to Rocky Mount. Paul heads for Ecuador. They communicate through letters, further fortifying their love. Paul, however, dies in Ecuador.
Writing.
Sparks developed the rudiments of "Nights in Rodanthe" while he was writing his fourth novel, "The Rescue". He said that he contemplated writing "another short love story ... that harkens back to poignant emotional intensity of "The Notebook"", his first published novel. Unlike his other works, "Nights in Rodanthe" was not inspired by a specific person who was involved in Sparks' life; the story drew upon an incident when his mother-in-law requested as a Christmas present that her name and that of her husband, Paul, would appear in a Sparks novel. So Sparks worked on a story that his in-laws would "not only enjoy, but not offend them as well".
Sparks encountered difficulties; it "just didn't seem to come together". For Sparks, there should be an "element that keep the characters apart in order to have drama". Throughout Sparks' career, he has attempted to not use the same element twice, so it had become harder for him to write each new novel. He comments, "If I don't have the 'conflict', I don't have the story, and for the life of me, I couldn't come up with something new to keep the characters apart. ... I also wanted to write a story using older characters, again because it's something I haven't done (with the exception of "The Notebook", in which they're elderly, not middle-aged)."
Sparks diverted his attention by working on "A Bend in the Road", his fifth novel, and the first draft of "The Guardian", which succeeded the release of "Nights in Rodanthe". However, "The Guardian" imposed a "tremendous challenge" to Sparks, and he reckoned it would require a "great deal of re-writing". He was tired of writing the novel and needed a break from it.
So Sparks returned to "Nights in Rodanthe": "My mind then returned to the story I'd been thinking about, and suddenly everything began to click. Within days, I suddenly knew exactly how to tell the story. I knew the characters, the setting, and especially and most importantly, the 'conflict' that would keep the characters apart." Sparks started writing the novel in December 2001. He finished the draft in February 2002, and editing continued until April of the same year.
Style and themes.
Sparks set the novel in Rodanthe, a small town in the Outer Banks off the coast of North Carolina. He chose Rodanthe because, according to him, it "looks wonderful on the page, and the name itself conjures up a mixture of mystery and sensuality", adding he had wished to write a novel about the place. In an interview, Sparks said, "In "Nights in Rodanthe", I needed a sense of isolation. Find another area of coastline in the U.S. that isn't developed where that could happen." The inn, where the majority of the events in the novel happened, is fictitious. According to Sparks, there are a number of bed and breakfasts in other Outer Banks towns that are similar to his description of the inn in the novel, but he chose to create it for the story.
Sparks based parts of the story from his real life events, though less so compared to his previous novels. These events were given twists to "make the story as interesting as possible". The story parallels Sparks' relationship with his wife, Cathy Cote. In his speech in 2002 for the Friends of the Library in Fayetteville, North Carolina, Sparks cited several similarities of the story with his own life. Sparks and his wife, in their senior years, met in a small coastal town where they traveled to in hopes of respite. He recalls, "I sensed something kind and wonderful about Cathy almost immediately, though Cathy (like Adrienne) was a little bit more hesitant in her feelings for me."
The prose of the novel is written in third person. The main body of the novel consists of Adrienne's flashback about her love affair with Paul. Sparks incorporated the themes of love and sacrifice into the story. Adrienne and Paul parted ways for the sake of their children. Sparks comments, "I think that sacrifice is inherent to good parenting. Both Paul and Adrienne loved their children, and the sacrifices they were willing to make made them nobler as characters."
According to some critics, Sparks was inspired by the 1992 best-selling novel "The Bridges of Madison County" in writing "Nights in Rodanthe". "The Bridges of Madison County" has a few similarities to "Nights in Rodanthe": the characters are roughly of the same age and their relationships had ended. Sparks, said he was more guided by his novel "The Notebook" than "The Bridges". He explained that the latter is a story of adultery while his is not. The main male character of "The Bridges" was a loner without children, while Paul has children. In his official website, Sparks writes, "The list the disparity of the two novels could go on and on, but I think you get the point."
Release and reception.
"Nights in Rodanthe" was published in September 2002 by Warner Books to commercial success. It was Sparks' first novel to debut at number one on the best-sellers chart. On July 1, 2003, Grand Central Publishing republished the novel in paperback. "Nights in Rodanthe" was republished in July 2007 by Hachette Book Group, and the novel's cover features the promotional photo for its film adaptation. An unabridged audio version of the novel was published by Hachette Book Group in August 2008. The audio is narrated by American actress JoBeth Williams, and it spans five hours and 30 minutes. Scarce copies of the first printing of the novel's hardcover edition are sold; the cover bears an autograph by Sparks.
"Nights in Rodanthe" received mixed reviews. Sheri Melnick of "Book Reviews" complimented the novel for its "emotional depth", adding, "No doubt bookstores should sell this tearjerker with a box of tissues, as even the most unemotional of readers will be hard pressed not to cry." Karen Valby of "Entertainment Weekly" magazine gave the book a "C" and notes, "Sparks, no slouch when it comes to a sales hook, employs many of the same elements of Robert James Waller's weepie in his Outer Banks romance." Trisha Finster of "Lakeland Mirror" complimented Sparks, saying "Sparks has a unique way of going about writing romance in his novels."
The novel was adapted into a film of the same name, released on September 26, 2008, in the United States. Sparks sold the film rights to Warner Bros. American film producer Denise Di Novi produced the film, directed by George C. Wolfe from a screenplay by Ann Peacock and John Romano. "Nights in Rodanthe" stars American actor Richard Gere as Paul and actress Diane Lane as Adrienne. The movie has received generally negative reviews.

</doc>
<doc id="19931134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931134" title="Gimnasio de los Cerros">
Gimnasio de los Cerros

The Gimnasio de los Cerros is a private primary and secondary school associated with Opus Dei, located in Bogota, Colombia.
Has about 800 students (as of 2009). It have by the afternoons some extra activities, such as music, soccer, basketball and, voleiball. 

</doc>
<doc id="19931139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931139" title="Black Ice (2007 film)">
Black Ice (2007 film)

Black Ice () is a 2007 Finnish drama film written and directed by Petri Kotwica. Produced as a Finnish-German joint production, it stars actors Outi Mäenpää, Martti Suosalo and Ria Kataja in a twisted love triangle.
The film was first screened at the Helsinki International Film Festival on 26 September 2007 before being released to the Finnish movie theaters on 19 October 2007.
"Black Ice" was nominated for nine Jussi Awards, eventually winning five, including Best Lead Actress (Outi Mäenpää) and Best Film. Petri Kotwica was also nominated for Best Director at the Berlin International Film Festival as was Ria Kataja for her role as Tuuli at the Festroia International Film Festival.
Plot.
"Musta jää" is a psychological Ménage à trois, where two women compete for the same man. Saara is a doctor who finds out her husband, an architecture teacher, is having an affair with a young student called Tuuli. Saara develops a new identity so she can befriend her husband's mistress. The movie takes place in Helsinki.
Cast.
Other cast members include: Netta Heikkilä as Krista; Väinö Heiskanen as Joonas; Philipp Danne as Uwe; Matti Laine as Komu; Emilia Sinisalo as Receptionist; and Anne von Keller as Nurse.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack for Black Ice was written by Eicca Toppinen of the band Apocalyptica. The song "Black Ice" was released by Hanna Pakarinen as a promotional single for the film. A music video, depicting scenes from the film was also released. Lyrics for the theme song were written by Johnny Andrews.
Remake.
Korean film Love, In Between is based on this film.

</doc>
<doc id="19931175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931175" title="Astur CF">
Astur CF

Astur Club de Fútbol is a Spanish football team based in Oviedo, in the autonomous community of Asturias. Founded in 1949, it plays in Regional Preferente, holding home matches at "Estadio Hermanos Llana", which has a capacity of 2,000 spectators.
History.
In 2003, Astur CF changed its name to Oviedo Astur Club de Fútbol (more commonly known as Oviedo ACF) and its actual colours to a blue shirt and white shorts, with the aim to substitute Real Oviedo, in that year relegated to Segunda División B and weeks later to Tercera División by financial debts.
After four seasons where Oviedo ACF played one time the promotion playoffs to Segunda División B, in 2007 the club decided to come back to the classical denomination Astur CF.

</doc>
<doc id="19931192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931192" title="Elisabeth Berge">
Elisabeth Berge

Elisabeth Berge (born 27 November 1954) is a Norwegian businessperson and civil servant.
She graduated with the siv.øk. degree from the Norwegian School of Economics and Business Administration in 1978, and as Master of Arts in Economics from the University of California in 1979. She worked in the Ministry of Petroleum and Energy from 1981 to 1990, since 1986 as a deputy under-secretary of State. She then worked in Statoil from 1990 to 2004, since 2001 as chief of communications. In 2004 she was appointed permanent under-secretary of State in the Ministry of Petroleum and Energy.
She was a member of the board of Statnett from 1992 to 2000 and the Kavli Foundation from 1999 to 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19931197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931197" title="First Presbyterian Church and Lewis Pintard House">
First Presbyterian Church and Lewis Pintard House

The First Presbyterian Church and Lewis Pintard House is a pair of adjacent historic buildings in downtown New Rochelle, New York, USA. The church and its adjoining manse, the Pintard House, are on a lot. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.
The First Presbyterian Church had its origins as the French Church formed by New Rochelle's early Huguenot settlers. The church is a Colonial revival structure with granite quoins, designed by John Russell Pope, architect of the Jefferson Memorial. Completed in 1929, it replaced the congregation’s first church, which had been destroyed by fire.
Adjacent to the church building is the Pintard House, one of New Rochelle’s oldest remaining houses. It was constructed in part by Alexander Allaire sometime before 1710. In 1765 it became the home of a prominent New York City merchant named Pierre Vallade who came to New Rochelle on his retirement. After Vallade died in 1770, his widow married Lewis Pintard, whose name came to be associated with the house. Pintard was a local merchant and Revolutionary War patriot who was appointed by the Continental Congress to provide assistance to American prisoners held in the City of New York during British control. The Pintard House was moved to its current location in 1928.

</doc>
<doc id="19931199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931199" title="List of former Latvian commanders">
List of former Latvian commanders

This is a list of the former Latvian commanders, which also includes the Latvian officers who have served in the Imperial Russian Army, Wehrmacht, Waffen SS and the military commanders, who have retired since the restoration of the Republic of Latvia in 1991:

</doc>
<doc id="19931201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931201" title="Argentine Korean">
Argentine Korean

Argentine Korean or Korean Argentine may be:

</doc>
<doc id="19931207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931207" title="International Secretariat of National Trade Union Centres">
International Secretariat of National Trade Union Centres

International Secretariat of National Trade Union Centres (often just referred to as the 'International Secretariat'), later renamed the International Federation of Trade Unions, was an international consultative body of trade unions. Founded in 1901, it broke apart and became defunct during the First World War.
Founding.
The idea to build an international trade union structure had been a proposal of the Danish union president Jens Jensen. In 1900 the British General Federation of Trade Unions leader Isaac Michel supported the idea, whilst the leader of the German Generalkommission der Gewerkschaften Deutschlands (which had one million members at the time) Carl Legien pledged to provide financial and administrative support to the new international organization.
Parallel to the ISNTUC were various International Trade Secretariats, most of them based in Germany and, like the ISNTUC, dependent on support from the German unions.
In 1903 Legien became Secretary of ISNTUC and the headquarters of the organization was moved to Berlin.
Political divisions.
The activities of ISNTUC were largely limited to exchanging information between unions and providing support to development of national union federations. Politically, the organization was subordinated to the socialist Second International. The majority within ISNTUC, led by the German trade unions, were firmly Social Democratic and emphasized the need to leave the political affairs to the political international. However, this subordination was not uncontroversial. The French Confédération générale du travail (CGT) adhered to the syndicalist line and harshly criticized the lack of independent political advocacy of ISNTUC. This dispute was notable both at the 1907 (Stuttgart) and 1910 (Copenhagen) congresses of ISNTUC. CGT withdrew from ISNTUC in 1905 and returned in 1909.
But there was also a third category of organizations in the ISNTUC apart from the syndicalists and Social Democrats, namely politically non-aligned neutral union centres, like the American Federation of Labor and the British GFTU. The CGT and AFL, albeit for politically different reasons, sought to distance the ISNTUC from the Second International and give ISNTUC more of a coordinating role. Whilst the German unions were unwilling to accept any real changes in the character of the organization, they were able to accommodate the CGT and AFL in symbolic gestures. At the 1913 Zurich congress of ISNTUC the name of the organization was changed to International Federation of Trade Unions.
Outbreak of the war.
At the time the IFTU was becoming a more well-functioning organization, active in publishing trade union literature. In 1913 the organization had affiliates in 19 countries, with a combined membership of seven million. At the eve of the First World War, the IFTU secretariat in Germany had 12 full-time employees (4 British, 4 Swiss, 2 Germans, 1 American and 1 Danish).
When the war broke out, the foreign staff left and the publication of the IFTU organ "Correspondence Syndicale" ceased.
IFTU was divided into Allied, German and neutral camps. The trade unions in the Allied countries demanded that the IFTU secretariat be moved out of Germany. Legien tried to appease this demand by setting up a liaison office in Amsterdam, in cooperation with the NVV leader Jan Oudegeest. This did not please the French and British unions, however. In July 1916 a trade union conference was held in Leeds, which decided to set up a Correspondence Office in Paris, under the supervision of Léon Jouhaux.
Refoundation.
In 1919, after the end of the war, a new International Federation of Trade Unions was reconstituted at a conference in Berne.

</doc>
<doc id="19931209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931209" title="List of rivers of Malaysia">
List of rivers of Malaysia

This is a list of rivers of Malaysia. The rivers are arranged alphabetically within their respective states or federal territories. The same river may be found in more than one state as many rivers cross state borders.
States.
Kedah.
shrik river

</doc>
<doc id="19931217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931217" title="Set My Love in Motion">
Set My Love in Motion

Set My Love In Motion is the Grammy Award-nominated fifth studio album by the late Grammy-nominated American R&B singer-songwriter Syreeta Wright (known as "Syreeta"), released on the Motown label on July 2, 1981. It debuted on the Billboard R&B Albums at #10, at #43 on the Billboard 200. The album yielded the singles: "You Set My Love in Motion", "Can't Shake Your Love" and "Quick Slick".

</doc>
<doc id="19931221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931221" title="List of former Lithuanian commanders">
List of former Lithuanian commanders

This is a list of the former Lithuanian commanders, which also includes the Lithuanian officers who have served in the Imperial Russian Army, Lithuanian Armed Forces during the Reestablished Republic of Lithuania in the interbellum, occupational forces by the Red Army and Wehrmacht and the military commanders, who have retired since the restoration of the Republic of Lithuania in 1990:

</doc>
<doc id="19931222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931222" title="Stanley Gallimore">
Stanley Gallimore

Stanley Hugh Gallimore (14 April 1910 – September 1994) was an English footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Bucklow Hill, Cheshire and died in the Trafford district of Cheshire. He played for Witton Albion, Manchester United, Altrincham and Northwich Victoria.
He joined Manchester United from Witton Albion in September 1929 and made his First Team debut at West Ham United on 11 October 1930. He went on to make a total of 76 appearances scoring 20 goals of which 1 was scored in the 4 F.A. Cup ties he played in.

</doc>
<doc id="19931233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931233" title="Samuel Langford">
Samuel Langford

"For the Canadian boxer, see Sam Langford".
Samuel Langford (1863 - 8 May 1927) was an influential English music critic of the early twentieth century. 
Trained as a pianist, Langford became chief music critic of "The Manchester Guardian" in 1906, serving in that post until his death. As chief critic, he succeeded Ernest Newman and preceded Neville Cardus.
Biography.
Early years.
Langford was born to an old South Manchester family in the suburb of Withington, where his father was a market gardener. By the age of twenty Langford was an accomplished pianist and church organist, and was sent to study in Leipzig with Carl Reinecke. Recognising that his short hands were unsuited to virtuoso pianism, Langford returned to Manchester, where he was engaged by "The Manchester Guardian" as deputy to Ernest Newman, whom he succeeded as chief music critic in 1906.
Manchester Guardian.
The rest of Langford's career was spent in this post, based in Manchester, although he sometimes travelled to London to hear a new work in which he was interested, and he never missed the big music festivals. Manchester was, in the early years of the twentieth century, an important musical city, with Hans Richter and the Hallé Orchestra at its centre. Neville Cardus said of him:
Langford, like his editor C. P. Scott, encouraged the young Cardus, who succeeded him as chief music critic. One of Cardus's first acts in his new post was to edit a collection of his predecessor's writings, published in 1929.
Langford married Leslie Doig in 1913. There was one daughter of the marriage, Brenda, born in 1918, later, as Brenda Milner, professor of neuropsychology at the Montreal Neurological Institute. Langford died after a serious illness at the family home in Withington, England, aged 65.

</doc>
<doc id="19931239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931239" title="Jack Hall (footballer born 1912)">
Jack Hall (footballer born 1912)

John "Jack" Hall (23 October 1912 – August 2000) was an English footballer. His regular position was as a goalkeeper. He was born in Failsworth, Lancashire. He played for Failsworth Dynamoes, Manchester United, Tottenham Hotspur, Stalybridge Celtic and Runcorn, as well as guesting for several teams during the Second World War.

</doc>
<doc id="19931249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931249" title="Hinton, Gloucestershire">
Hinton, Gloucestershire

Hinton is a village and civil parish near Berkeley in Stroud District, Gloucestershire. The parish includes the larger villages of Sharpness and Purton. The ecclesiastical parish is Sharpness with Purton, formerly part of the parish of Berkeley and now united with Slimbridge.
In the 2001 census the civil parish had a population of 1,141.

</doc>
<doc id="19931254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931254" title="Mondi lontanissimi">
Mondi lontanissimi

Mondi Lontanissimi (Italian: "Very Distant Worlds") is an album by Italian singer-songwriter Franco Battiato, released by EMI Italiana in 1985.
Overview.
The central theme of most of the songs on the album is travelling, either on Earth or in space; for example "Via Lattea", "No Time No Space" and "I treni di Tozeur" speak of astronauts, telescopes and spaceships. "Temporary Road" is a song about drivers who sit in their cars in traffic jams every day, a slow first part in English and a second part in Italian. "Il Re del Mondo" is an older song, inspired by René Guenon's theories, released again in a re-arranged version.
Also in 1985, Battiato re-recorded the songs "No Time No Space", "Temporary Road", "Il Re del Mondo", "Chan-son Egocentrique" (first recorded by Alice on her 1982 album "Azimut"), "I treni di Tozeur" and "L'animale", translated into English on his album "Echoes of Sufi Dances" and into Spanish on "Ecos de Danzas Sufi".
"I treni di Tozeur" was originally performed by Battiato and his female colleague Alice in the Eurovision Song Contest 1984, gaining the 5th place in a field of 19. On "Mondi lontanissimi" Battiato sings this song by himself.
Track listing.
Side A
Side B 

</doc>
<doc id="19931256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931256" title="Ehud Yatom">
Ehud Yatom

Ehud Yatom (, born 26 September 1948), Shin Bet agent and former Israeli politician who briefly served as a member of the Knesset for Likud from 2003 until 2006.
Biography.
Born in Netanya, Yatom worked in the Shin Bet, and was one of the agents involved in the Kav 300 affair in 1984. According to Haaretz correspondent Gideon Levy, Yatom "smashed in the skulls of two bound, unarmed teen-terrorists with stones and iron rods."
For the 2003 elections he was placed 23rd on the Likud list, and entered the Knesset when the party won 38 seats. Whilst an MK he served as a member of several committees; the Foreign Affairs & Defense Committee, the Internal Affairs and Environment Committee and the Labour, Welfare and Health Committee. He was also a member of the parliamentary inquiry committee for the Amona events.
Prior to the 2006 elections he was placed 32nd on the Likud list, and lost his seat when the party won only 12 mandates.

</doc>
<doc id="19931258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931258" title="Jimmy Collinson">
Jimmy Collinson

Jimmy Collinson (1876 – "unknown") was an English football player. His regular position was at full back. He was born in Newton Heath. He played for Newton Heath.

</doc>
<doc id="19931262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931262" title="The Jaywalks">
The Jaywalks

The Jaywalks (formerly known as 'Who's Ya Daddy') were an indie rock Australian band. In 2004, they were recognized by Guinness World Records for being the youngest group of musicians banned from commercial radio airplay for their song "I Like Fat Chicks". It was banned on 23 December 2004 by ZZZ FM. At the time of the ban being announced, the average age of the three piece (later four piece) group was 12 years and 26 days. Ironically the banned song won a Dolphin Award for Best Pop Song in 2006. In 2008 the band released their debut EP, containing a re-recording of the notorious song and other newer material. The band broke up in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19931264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931264" title="Wer wird Millionär?">
Wer wird Millionär?

Wer wird Millionär? may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19931273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931273" title="Ernest Vincent">
Ernest Vincent

Ernest Vincent (28 October 1910 – 2 June 1978) was an English footballer. His regular position was at half back. He was born in Seaham, County Durham. He played for Dawdon Colliery, Ryhope Colliery, Seaham Harbour, Washington Colliery, Southport, Manchester United, Queens Park Rangers and Doncaster Rovers.

</doc>
<doc id="19931281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931281" title="Meie Mats">
Meie Mats

Meie Mats, named after an Estonian folk song, is a prestigious yearly humour award issued since 1987 and originally initiated by Edgar Spriit, the chief editor of "Pikker", a long-time Estonian humour magazine. The award is customarily announced on April 1, the April Fools Day, and it can only be awarded to any person once, in recognition of his life work in the field of humour, satire and comedy.

</doc>
<doc id="19931283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931283" title="Billy Porter (footballer)">
Billy Porter (footballer)

Billy Porter (July 1905 - 28 April 1946) was an English footballer. His regular position was at full back. He was born in Fleetwood, Lancashire. He played for Windsor Villa, Fleetwood Town, Oldham Athletic, Manchester United and Hyde United, as well as guesting for several teams during the Second World War.

</doc>
<doc id="19931288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931288" title="Kamiōsaki, Shinagawa, Tokyo">
Kamiōsaki, Shinagawa, Tokyo

Kamiōsaki is home to Meguro Station; thereby, commercial areas around the station are often recognized as a part of the broad-sense Meguro area.
Otherwise, most part of Kamiōsaki is a quiet upscale residential district, notably with its 2-chōme and 3-chōme called and , respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="19931289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931289" title="Candás CF">
Candás CF

Candás Club de Fútbol is a Spanish football team based in Candás, in the autonomous community of Asturias. Founded in 1948, it plays in Tercera División – Group 2, holding home games at "Estadio La Mata", which has a capacity of 3,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="19931292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931292" title="Neohelix multilineata">
Neohelix multilineata

Neohelix multilineata is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae.

</doc>
<doc id="19931294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931294" title="Wer wird Millionär? (Switzerland)">
Wer wird Millionär? (Switzerland)

Wer wird Millionär? (English translation: "Who becomes a millionaire?") was a Swiss game show based on the original British format of "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?". The show was hosted by René Rindlisbacher. The main goal of the game was to win 1 million CHF by answering 15 multiple-choice questions correctly. There were three lifelines - fifty fifty, phone a friend and ask the audience. "Wer wird Millionär?" was broadcast from 27 March 2000 to 2001. It was shown on the Swiss TV station TV3. The biggest prize won on the show was 500,000 CHF won by Hans Frauchiger.
In 2011, Swiss TV station 3+ resumed the Show with slight changes: the lifeline ask the audience was replaced by ask the experts and the candidate needs to choose at the beginning of the game whether he plays the save or the risky variant. If he chooses the risky variant, he gets a fourth lifeline, "Switch the question", but he loses the second guaranteed sum.
Money tree.
From 2011

</doc>
<doc id="19931300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931300" title="John Clarkin">
John Clarkin

John Clarkin (born 1872) was a Scottish footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Neilston. He played for Neilston, Bootle, Glasgow Thistle, Newton Heath and Blackpool.
Blackpool.
Neilston-born Clarkin signed for Blackpool from Newton Heath in June 1896. He made his debut for the club in their first-ever match in the Football League, on 5 September 1896 (see Blackpool F.C. season 1896–97). He went on to appear in 28 of the club's 30 games that season, scoring eight goals.
The following season, 1897–98, Clarkin made 26 appearances and scored five goals.

</doc>
<doc id="19931301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931301" title="William Milbourne James (judge)">
William Milbourne James (judge)

Sir William Milbourne James (1807 - 7 June 1881) was a British judge and Privy Councillor.
Life history.
James was born in Merthyr Tydfil, Wales in 1807 to Christopher James a prosperous provision merchant. His cousin was Charles Herbert James, who later became Member of Parliament for Merthyr Tydfil. He was educated privately at the school run by John James of Gellionnen before entering Glasgow University. He was called to the Bar from Lincoln's Inn in 1831.
James first practised his legal work around the South Wales circuit, but later switched his activities to his Chancery practise. In 1836 James was included in the preparations for the record breaking balloon trip funded by Robert Hollond and he was amongst six people included in the commemorative painting which is now in the National Portrait Gallery in London.
During his legal career, he held the posts of Junior Counsel to HM Treasury in Equity, Junior Counsel to the Woods and Forests Department, the Inland Revenue, and the Metropolitan Board of Works. 
In 1846 James married Maria Otter, daughter of William Otter, Bishop of Chichester. In 1853 he became Queens Counsel. In 1869 he was made a Knight Bachelor, and appointed as Vice-Chancellor. In 1870 he was appointed Lord Justice of Appeal and a Privy Councillor, which entitled him to sit on the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council. He was also a member of the Reform Club.
In 1880 he was considered for the nomination to the Merthyr Tydfil seat when his cousin was elected, but by that time James had lost touch with Welsh affairs and had little interest in the Welsh national movement. He died the next year in 1881 at his London residence.

</doc>
<doc id="19931314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931314" title="Neohelix albolabris">
Neohelix albolabris

Neohelix albolabris is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae.

</doc>
<doc id="19931316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931316" title="Neohelix divesta">
Neohelix divesta

Neohelix divesta is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae.

</doc>
<doc id="19931317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931317" title="Charlie Rennox">
Charlie Rennox

Clatworthy "Charlie" Rennox (25 February 1897 – 1967) was a Scottish footballer. His regular position was as a forward. He was born in Shotts. He played for Dykehead, Wishaw, Clapton Orient, Manchester United and Grimsby Town.

</doc>
<doc id="19931319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931319" title="1965 Australian Touring Car Championship">
1965 Australian Touring Car Championship

The 1965 Australian Touring Car Championship was a CAMS sanctioned motor racing title open to Group C Improved Production Touring Cars. It was contested over a single 40 lap, 124 km race staged at the Sandown Park circuit in Victoria, Australia on 11 April 1965. It was the sixth Australian Touring Car Championship title to be awarded and the first to be contested by cars complying with Group C regulations.
The championship was won by Norm Beechey driving a Ford Mustang, the first ATCC victory to be achieved with a V8-engined car and the first of five title to be won with Ford Mustangs. It was Beechey's first Australian Touring Car Championship victory, and reportedly the first racing victory for the Mustang anywhere in the world.
Race summary.
The change in regulations from Appendix J to Group C had disadvantaged most heavily those driving Holdens, like Norm Beechey and Brian Muir, and Bob Jane's Jaguar, as the practice of overboring engines was effectively outlawed, making 4.1 litre Jaguars and 3.4 litre Holdens ineligible.
Bob Jane took pole position in his Mustang which had been acquired only weeks prior to the race after Beechey's early season form had demonstrated the clear superiority of a Mustang over the class leading Ford Cortinas and Morris Cooper S racers. After Beecheys had mechanical problems in practice second fastest was the Ford Galaxie of John Reaburn, four second slower than Jane.
Jane won the start with Muir up to second ahead of Reaburn, Ian Geoghegan in his Ford Cortina and Beechey was quickly up to fifth from his rear of grid start. Beechey was leading by lap seven. By then Reaburn was fading with brake problems and Jane was starting to overheat. He pitted to retire on lap 23. Geoghegan battled with Jim McKeown for second after Beechey backed of once he had lapped the field. McKeown had engone failure in the late running in his Cortina, leaving Geoghegan second. Muir and rookie Canadian Allan Moffat in his Cortina fought over third until Muir picked up the pace late in the race to secure third.
Results.
Pole position: Bob Jane, Ford Mustang, 1:20.9 <br>
Number of starters in race: 18 <br>
Fastest race lap: Norm Beechey, Ford Mustang, 1:20.8, 

</doc>
<doc id="19931330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931330" title="Raimo Aas">
Raimo Aas

Raimo Aas (born 18 June 1953 in Tallinn) is an Estonian humorist.
Radio career.
For many years, Raimo Aas performed together with Margus Lepa in the Sunday morning radio programme Meelejahutaja.
Performance prohibition.
Aas was subject to a six-month Soviet prohibition of public performance for singing, on the tune of Pust' vsegda budet solnce (Russian for "May there always be sunshine"; ) lyrics that can be translated as "May there always be sunshine, may there always be smoked sausages". The performance was deemed as insulting to Soviet youth.
Awards.
In 1999, Raimo Aas was awarded the Meie Mats award for lifelong work in humour.

</doc>
<doc id="19931343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931343" title="Westpoort">
Westpoort

Westpoort (Dutch for "Western Gate") is the main harbour and industrial area of the city of Amsterdam in the Netherlands and is located in the north-western part of the city. It is divided in industrial areas "Teleport", "Sloterdijk" areas I, II and II, "De Heining" and the harbour area (Havengebied). It is home to over 1500 companies and an estimated 45 000 people are employed in the area.
It is considered to be one of the fifteen stadsdelen (boroughs) of Amsterdam, but unlike the other fourteen, it does not have its own council. It is instead governed directly by the central municipal council because of its so few inhabitants.
The northern border of the area is formed by the North Sea Canal. The district borders the Amsterdam boroughs West and Nieuw-West and the municipality Haarlemmerliede en Spaarnwoude (with the village Halfweg).

</doc>
<doc id="19931359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931359" title="UC Ceares">
UC Ceares

Unión Club Ceares is a Spanish football team based in the neighbourhood of Ceares, Gijón, in the autonomous community of Asturias. Founded in 1946, it plays in Tercera División – Group 2, holding home games at "Estadio La Cruz", which has a capacity of 1,500 spectators.
History.
The club was founded in 1946 as a merger of two clubs: Blancoval and Fortuna. On 1965 and being Mr. José Ramón Elvira Sastre the president, UC Ceares promotes for the first time to Tercera División, but only played one year, where it finished in the last position. Ceares continued playing in regional divisions until 1986, year that the team returned to Tercera División and played in it two more years.
In the seasons 2001–02 and 2002–03, UC Ceares achieved two consecutive promotions from Primera Regional to Tercera División with Rogelio García as head coach. He would coach UC Ceares during six consecutive seasons, with a break in 2007, staying the team all the time in Tercera with the longest streak of the club in this division.
In 2007, former Sporting de Gijón footballer José Antonio Redondo substituted him until 2009 when he resigned. Rogelio would take the team until the end of the 2008–09 season. After that season, Florentino Angulo was named head coach and continues nowadays in UC Ceares.
Before the 2011–12 season, a new board takes the control of the club and gives it a new philosophy based on a claim of social and popular sport and criticism the actual business in football. For this philosophy, UC Ceares board inspired on English football and clubs like FC St. Pauli or F.C. United of Manchester.
In 17 November 2013, coinciding with the 500th game of the club in Tercera División, Ceares took the lead for the first time in its history after winning L'Entregu CF by 1–3.
Stadium.
During the 1960s, UC Ceares played its matches in the old field of Viesques, neighbourhood of Gijón. This site is today occupied by a school. During some years, due to not having an own stadium, played its matches in various fields until actual Campo de La Cruz was built.
The pitch is made of natural grass and has dimensions of 99x65 meters. The stadium has got a lateral tribune, improved in 2004, with 250 seats. It's located in "Parque de Los Pericones" in Gijón.
At the main entrance, there is a sign stating in Asturian language "ESTO YE LA CRUZ" ("This is La Cruz"), inspired in the one existing at the stairs of Anfield, in Liverpool. As a curiosity, La Cruz has the only men's restrooms from where one can still see the game.
The field was used also by Gijón FF in the 2005–06 Superliga Femenina, the only season the club played in the top women's league in Spain.
Memorial Pepe Ortiz.
Since 2011, UC Ceares starts the pre-season playing a friendly trophy called "Memorial Pepe Ortiz" in hommage of the former player of Sporting de Gijón from 1949 to 1963, considered as the best player of the history of the neighbourhood.
Awards.
Jimmy Greaves trophy.
This award is conceded since the 2011–12 season to the top scorer.
George Best trophy.
The best player of the year is awarded every year since the 2011–12 season with this trophy. It is decided by popular votings during all the season.
UC Ceares B.
UC Ceares B is the reserve team of the club. It was created in 2012 and currently plays in Segunda Regional, the lowest division in Asturias.
Ceares B plays its games in the pitches of the Royal Asturias Football Federation, in Roces, Gijón.

</doc>
<doc id="19931370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931370" title="List of wars involving Italy">
List of wars involving Italy

This is a list of wars fought by independent Italy from 1861:

</doc>
<doc id="19931384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931384" title="Steve A. Matthews">
Steve A. Matthews

Steve A. Matthews (born 1955 in Columbia, South Carolina) is an American lawyer and unsuccessful nominee to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit.
Background.
Matthews received his B.A. in History from the University of South Carolina, graduating "magna cum laude" in 1977. He received his J.D. from Yale Law School in 1980. During his time at the University of South Carolina, Mr. Matthews was a member of the Euphradian Society and completed a semester at the University of Warwick in Coventry, England.
After law school, Matthews briefly worked at the law firm of Boyd, Knowlton, Tate & Finlay (now Haynsworth Sinkler Boyd, P.A.). In 1981, he began work at the firm of Dewey Ballantine in Washington, D.C., where he practiced corporate law for five years. Matthews left Dewey Ballantine in 1985 to work at the Department of Justice under Attorney General Edwin Meese.
During his three years at the Justice Department, Matthews served as the Special Counsel to the Assistant Attorney General for Civil Rights (1985-6), Deputy Assistant Attorney General for Judicial Selection (1986-8), Special Assistant to Attorney General Meese for Iran-Contra Matters (1987), and Executive Assistant to Attorney General Meese (1988). Matthews’ duties included advising President Reagan and the Attorney General on federal judicial nominees, and later in his tenure Matthews provided legal advice to the Attorney General when he was investigated for his role in the Iran-Contra scandal. While at the Justice Department, Matthews also worked with Fred Fielding, the future White House Counsel under George W. Bush, who was then counsel to President Ronald Reagan.
In 1988, Matthews returned to South Carolina to join the firm of Haynsworth Sinkler Boyd. Matthews served as Co-Managing Director of his firm from 2001 to 2004, and was the Managing Director from 2004 to 2008. His areas of practice include Intellectual Property, Business and Commercial Litigation.
Fourth Circuit nomination under Bush.
On September 6, 2007, President George W. Bush nominated Matthews to a seat on the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit vacated by Judge William Walter Wilkins, who had taken senior status on July 1, 2007. Although he had the support of South Carolina's two Republican senators, Lindsey Graham and Jim DeMint, Matthews ran into immediate opposition from Senate Democrats and liberal groups such as People for the American Way and the Alliance for Justice. There were concerns over Matthews' conservative political connections.
The People for the American Way did not like the close connection he had with several in President Ronald Reagan's administration, in particular Assistant Attorney General William Bradford Reynolds, whom the group accused of being "notable for his efforts to undermine civil rights enforcement." In a memo to Reynolds analyzing proposed language from the Federal Highway Administrator for a "revised procurement preference for 'disadvantaged business enterprises' in highway construction contracts," Matthews wrote that contracting set-asides, "when tied to particular racial groups, are discriminatory and wrong." Also in his capacity as Special Counsel to Reynolds, Matthews wrote a confidential memorandum to the Department's Honor Program Evaluation Committee concerning the structure of the Honor Program Hiring Committee on which Matthews then served (and blind-copied Reynolds). In that memo, Matthews opposed efforts to ensure racial and gender diversity on the Hiring Committee. According to Matthews, while "a diversity of perspective is critical to the successful work of a hiring committee ... to suggest that the relevant diversity is a function of race and gender involves a stereotype that denies the individuality of particular members of a given race or gender."
The Alliance for Justice did not like the connection Matthews had with the Federalist Society and the Landmark Legal Foundation.
During the 110th Congress, Senator Patrick Leahy D-VT, the Democratic chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, refused to schedule a hearing for Matthews.

</doc>
<doc id="19931391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931391" title="Eye of the Spider">
Eye of the Spider

Eye of the Spider () is a 1971 Italian crime film directed by Roberto Bianchi Montero and starring Klaus Kinski.

</doc>
<doc id="19931401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931401" title="The Undercover Soldier">
The Undercover Soldier

The Undercover Soldier is a 2008 BBC documentary which investigated bullying in the British Army in the wake of the Deepcut enquiry. For the programme, BBC journalist Russell Sharp went undercover as a soldier, enrolling in the army for six months basic training at the Infantry Training Centre, at the Catterick Garrison in Yorkshire. The one hour programme was shown on BBC One on Thursday 18 September 2008 at 9:00pm.
The programme did not show any filmed evidence of ill treatment, although Sharp himself claimed to have witnessed several incidents of bullying. The documentary led to the suspension of five instructors based at the camp. The show attracted relatively low ratings and the BBC was criticised by serving soldiers for the way the investigation was conducted.

</doc>
<doc id="19931430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931430" title="Chancellor House (company)">
Chancellor House (company)

Chancellor House is a South African group of companies active in the mining, engineering, energy and information technology sectors. It is named after Chancellor House, the building where the law firm of Nelson Mandela and Oliver Tambo was located.
After initially being exposed as a surreptitious funding front for the African National Congress it was subsequently acknowledged as an in-house investment firm for the party. It is best known for the controversy surrounding the award to it of lucrative black economic empowerment and parastatal contracts.
History.
The existence of the company was first brought to light by the Mail & Guardian newspaper in a 2006 article. That article alleged that the company had been formed in 2003 on the initiative of Mendi Msimang, then treasurer-general of the ANC, with the explicit intention of raising funds for the party.
Prior to the newspaper report the company was virtually unknown; Kgalema Motlanthe, then secretary general of the party, reportedly first learned of it when contacted by the newspaper for comment.
Eskom contract.
In November 2007 parastatal electricity supplier Eskom awarded the biggest single contract in its history, for six steam generators worth R20 billion, to a consortium including Hitachi Power Africa. At the time of the award that company was 25% owned by Chancellor House.
In February 2008 the ANC said it would appoint advisers with a view to transparently exiting the transaction due to governance issues. In March 2008 the office of the Public Protector said an investigation into the transaction was underway.

</doc>
<doc id="19931433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931433" title="Helen Westwood">
Helen Westwood

Helen Mary Westwood AM, MLC, is an Australian politician and Australian Labor Party member of the New South Wales Legislative Council. Westwood has been a member of the Council since 24 March 2007.
Personal and early life.
Westwood was born to Harry and Cecily Wray. Her brother David is known in the music industry as crooner Frank Bennett. Westwood married Bob in 1973, and they have two daughters and four grandchildren.
She attended Catholic schools, but in her final year she attended Birrong Girls High School along with fellow politician Lynda Voltz.
She began her working life at 15 years of age and she has had a variety of jobs including shop assistant, accounting machinist, clerical assistant, stay-at-home mum, community worker and electorate officer.
Westwood was previously married and is currently in a same-sex relationship.
Political career.
Westwood joined the Bargo-Picton Branch of the Australian Labor Party in 1976 (and which is now subsumed into the Wollondilly Branch). She became the Secretary of the Sefton Branch in 1977.
She was a Councillor of Bankstown City Council between 1995 and 2007. She was its Deputy Mayor between 1997 and 1998, and between September 2002 to May 2006, she was the Mayor of Bankstown. She claims to be the first mayor of Bankstown to be elected to the New South Wales Parliament. She was a Board Member of the Western Sydney Regional Organisation of Councils (WSROC) since 2001 and Chair from 2004 to 2005. She was also a member of the Executive of the New South Wales Local Government Association. She was a Director of the Board of Waste Recycling and Processing Corporation from 1996 to 2007.
In 2006, she resigned as Mayor to become an adviser to State Fisheries Minister Ian MacDonald as a prelude to her nomination on the Labor Party ticket for the Legislative Council. 
She was elected to the New South Wales Legislative Council in 2007. She received the twelfth highest quota for the Council. Westwood is from the left faction of the Labor Party.
In 2008, she was one of a number of Australian politicians who backed besieged politician Belinda Neal Shortly after her election, she raised allegations about politician Paul Gibson assaulting fellow MP Sandra Nori resulting in Gibson standing down from the Ministry whilst the allegations were investigated.
Awards.
In 2001, she was awarded the Centenary Medal in 2001 for service to Local Government.
In 2006, she was made a Member of the Order of Australia (AM) for her services to Local Government.
In 2007, she was commended in the Women of the West Award for her commitment and dedication to improving social balance, equity, opportunity and community harmony.

</doc>
<doc id="19931454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931454" title="Condal Club">
Condal Club

Condal Club is a football team based in Noreña in the autonomous community of Asturias. Founded in 1940, the team plays in Tercera División Group 2.
History.
Condal Club was founded in 1940.
Stadium.
The club's home ground is "Alejandro Ortea", which has a capacity of 2,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="19931460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931460" title="Dhatusena of Anuradhapura">
Dhatusena of Anuradhapura

Dhatusena was a king of Sri Lanka who ruled from 455 to 473 A.D. He was the first king of the Moriyan dynasty of Sri Lanka. In some records, he is also identified as Dasenkeli. Dhatusena reunited the country under his rule after twenty six years, defeating the South Indian invaders that were ruling the country at that time. Dhatusena made eighteen irrigation tanks, a large irrigation canal known as Yodha Ela, and the Avukana statue, a large statue of Lord Buddha.
Early life and becoming king.
Dhatusena's ancestry is uncertain. The Cūḷavaṃsa, the ancient chronicle of Sri Lanka, tells us that he was of royal linage whose ancestors had fled the royal capital about three hundred years earlier. The country was invaded in 433 A.D. by six Tamil leaders from South India, known as the six Dravidians. They overthrew the Sri Lankan monarch and ruled the country for twenty six years, from 433 to 459 A.D. During this time, Sinhalese leaders abandoned Rajarata and fled to the Ruhuna principality in the south of the country. Ruhuna was used as the base for resistance against the invading rulers.
Dhatusena was raised by his uncle, a Buddhist monk named Mahanama. The Pandyan invaders were searching for Dhatusena, and his uncle ordained him as a Buddhist monk to disguise him. Dhatusena later organised a resistance movement against the Tamil invaders and led a rebellion against them. Dhatusena claimed the kingship of the country in 455. By the time Dhatusena started the rebellion, three of the six Pandayn invaders were already dead, and in the battles that occurred during the rebellion, two more were killed. The final battle took place in 459, where the last king, Pithiya, was killed. Having successfully defeated the Pandyan invaders, Dhatusena was crowned as the king of Sri Lanka in 459 A.D, taking Anuradhapura as his capital.
Services as king.
Dhatusena built eighteen irrigation tanks in order to develop agriculture in the country. Among these tanks are the Kalavewa and Balaluwewa, which are interconnected and cover an area of .
He also constructed the Yodha Ela, also known as Jayaganga, an irrigation canal carrying water from Kalawewa to Tissawewa tank in Aunuradhapura.
The Avukana statue, a high statue of Lord Buddha, is also a creation of Dhatusena.
Death.
Dhatusena had two sons, Kasyapa I and Moggallana I. Moggallana was the son of the royal consort and the rightful heir to the throne, while Kasyapa was born to a non-royal concubine. Dhatusena’s daughter was married to his sister’s son and the general of his army, Migara. Following an argument between his daughter and sister, Dhatusena ordered his sister to be killed. In reprisal, Migara encouraged and assisted Kasyapa to overthrow the king and take the throne. Kasyapa eventually rebelled against Dhatusena and overthrew him. Dhatusena was imprisoned and Kasyapa became the king of the country in 473 A.D.
Migara led Kasyapa to believe that Dhatusena had hidden treasures of great wealth and persuaded him to find these. When asked to lead Kasyapa to where these treasures were hidden, Dhatusena led him to the Kalavewa and taking water into his hands, claimed that this was the only treasure he had. Enraged at this, Kasyapa had him murdered by entombing him in a wall. (an alternate story is that he was buried alive in the bund of the Kalaweva).

</doc>
<doc id="19931465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931465" title="A Night to Remember (High School Musical song)">
A Night to Remember (High School Musical song)

"A Night to Remember" is the third official single from the "" soundtrack, performed by the cast of . It is the fifth track on the tracklisting.
Release.
The Radio Edit version of the song premiered on Radio Disney on September 26, 2008 as part of its "Planet Premiere" featurette. The song was released later exclusively on iTunes, on September 30. This is the only song from the soundtrack performed by the full Cast of the movie, not only for the primary Cast.
Music video.
A preview of movie scene (credited as the official music video for the song) premiered on Disney Channel during the world premiere of "The Suite Life on Deck" on September 26, 2008. The music video features the boys complaining about prom and the girls hoping that the night will be a night to remember. Then the whole cast ends up dancing at prom.

</doc>
<doc id="19931481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931481" title="Michael Paragyios">
Michael Paragyios

Michael Paragyios (alternate spellings: Michalis, Mihalis Paragios) (Greek: Μιχάλης Παραγιός; born August 25, 1982 in Glyfada, Athens, Greece) is a Greek professional basketball player. He is 2.07m (6 ft 9 ½ in) tall. He can play at the power forward and center positions.
Professional career.
Paragyios began playing basketball with Aris Glyfada. During his pro career, he has played with: Ionikos Nikeas, Ilysiakos, Maroussi, and Panionios. He won the Greek All-Star Game Slam Dunk Contest in the year 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19931489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931489" title="1983 BMW Open – Singles">
1983 BMW Open – Singles

Gene Mayer was the defending champion, but did not participate this year.
Tomáš Šmíd won the singles title of the 1983 BMW Open, defeating Joakim Nyström 6–0, 6–3, 4–6, 2–6, 7–5 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19931496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931496" title="Ambodivahibe Marine Reserve">
Ambodivahibe Marine Reserve

Ambodivahibe Marine Reserve is a new marine protected area that was identified during a marine Rapid assessment (RAP) in the north-east of Madagascar as an unusually rich zone for marine biodiversity. A cool upwelling from the deep bay is thought to provide natural resilience to coral bleaching and this may explain the unusually pristine coral habitat.

</doc>
<doc id="19931499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931499" title="Right Here, Right Now (High School Musical song)">
Right Here, Right Now (High School Musical song)

"Right Here, Right Now" is a song from , performed by Zac Efron and Vanessa Hudgens as Troy Bolton and Gabriella Montez. It is the second track on soundtrack's tracklisting. However, when the song is sung in the movie, the second verse is omitted. However, in the extended edition of the film, the second verse is sung later, as the reprise when Troy and Gabriella are at their houses.
Release.
The Radio Edit version of the song premiered on Radio Disney on October 10, 2008 as part of its "Planet Premiere" featurette. It reached #2 on the Top 30 Countdown, where it stayed for 6 weeks. The song was released later exclusively on iTunes, on October 14.
In the movie version of the song, Vanessa Hudgens sings the line "Then I would thank that star, that made our wish come true," as well as part of the second verse. However, on the soundtrack, Zac Efron sings these lines, with Hudgens singing the "come true" part.
Music video.
A preview of the movie scene (credited as the official music video) was released on Disney Channel. It shows Troy and Gabriella singing and remembering some of their special moments in Troy's treehouse. It is a song about how the future is coming soon and that we should make every second last.
Foreign language versions.
The song has been recorded and released in various languages by national pop stars in international markets. 

</doc>
<doc id="19931500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931500" title="A Fistful of Death">
A Fistful of Death

A Fistful of Death ( ) is a 1971 Italian Western film directed by Demofilo Fidani and starring Klaus Kinski.

</doc>
<doc id="19931506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931506" title="Golden Balls (video game)">
Golden Balls (video game)

Golden Balls is a video game by Endemol UK based upon the UK TV series of the same name hosted by Jasper Carrott. The game was released on November 14, 2008. PEGI have rated the game as 3+.
Gameplay.
The gameplay is exactly the same as the show "Golden Balls" it contains the same four rounds, the only exception is when the votes are cast in rounds 1 & 2, there is never a draw.
Default Characters.
The following is the default characters you can face when you don't choose their occupation.

</doc>
<doc id="19931510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931510" title="Gheorghiţă Ştefan">
Gheorghiţă Ştefan

Gheorghiţă Ştefan (born on January 17, 1984 in Bucharest) is a male freestyle wrestler from Romania. He participated in Men's freestyle 74 kg at 2008 Summer Olympics. He lost the bronze medal fight against Murad Gaidarov and was ranked on 4-5 place. 

</doc>
<doc id="19931525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931525" title="Herbert Kuhlmann">
Herbert Kuhlmann

Herbert Kuhlmann (17 April 1915 — 9 November 1985) was an Obersturmbannfuhrer (Lieutenant Colonel) in the Waffen-SS, who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross during World War II. After the war, he emigrated to Argentina where he assisted Nazis who were wanted for war crimes to hide from the authorities.
Early life.
Kuhlmann was born in Harburg, Germany, on 7 April 1915.
Military career.
Kuhlmann graduated "SS Junkerschule" at Braunschweig in 1936 with the SS Number 118 826. He was first posted to the Wiking (Germania & Westland) before joining the "Das Reich" in 1942. He was appointed the commander of the 8th Light Company, 2nd SS Panzer Regiment, 2nd SS Division "Das Reich" upon the formation of their Panzer Battalion, on the 10 February. He eventually took command of the I./Battalion, SS Panzer Regiment 1, "LSSAH". He was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross on the 13 February 1944, for his role in the breakout from the Cherkassy encirclement. while in command of this Panzer Battalion. He was eventually given command of the 12th SS Panzer Regiment, 12th SS Panzer Division Hitlerjugend
During the Ardenness offensive he was in command of his own Kampfgruppe, which consisted of the 12th SS Panzer Regiment, 560 SS Panzerjager Battalion, Panzer Grenadier Battalion, Self-propelled Artillery Battalion and an engineer company.
Later life.
After the fall of the Reich, Kuhlmann made his way to South America to start a new life in Argentina. Like many within Buenos Aires' underground Nazi community, he built a fortune in business, joining the upper echelons of Buenos Aires society. The wealth and successful business-ventures of Nazis who escaped to Buenos Aires after the war was thanks in most part to the support and protection made available by the highest-ranking officials within the Argentine government. Perhaps the greatest support to Kuhlmann and his fellow Nazis came directly from the Argentine President and Nazi-sympathizer, Juan Perón, husband of the much loved, late Eva Perón.
Kuhlmann helped many other Nazis into hiding in establishing their new lives in Argentina. One of the most infamous among those he helped was Adolf Eichmann, the Third Reich's leader of the Final Solution. Kuhlmann provided Eichmann with a lease to a modest home in Buenos Aires' largely German suburb of Olivos, after Eichmann had spent years living in extreme isolation in the Argentine province of Tucumán, 700 miles north of the capital. Kuhlmann, on the other hand, managed a much more plush residence for himself, behind the walls of a palatial mansion in Palermo Chico, the embassy row of Buenos Aires.

</doc>
<doc id="19931527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931527" title="Andreas Kanonidis">
Andreas Kanonidis

Andreas Kanonidis (Greek: Ανδρέας Κανονίδης; born July 26, 1991) is a Greek professional basketball player. He is 2.00 m (6 ft 6.75 in) tall. He can play at both the shooting guard and small forward positions.
Pro career.
Kanonidis started playing basketball with the Asteria Thessaloniki and Panionios Athens youth teams in Greece. He began his professional career during the 2008-09 season, with the Greek Basket League club Panionios.
Greek national team.
Kanonidis has played with the junior national basketball teams of Greece. With Greece's junior national teams, he played at the: 2007 FIBA Europe Under-16 Championship, the 2009 FIBA Europe Under-18 Championship, and the 2011 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19931548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931548" title="MusicMight">
MusicMight

MusicMight (formerly Rockdetector) is a rock music website which provides artist and product information through a global website and an ongoing book series. Currently based in New Zealand, the site was founded by British writer Garry Sharpe-Young, and is backed by a small team of international writers who contribute to the site.
Database contents.
The database covers many styles and ages of rock music, such as thrash metal, black metal, death metal, radio rock and nu metal. As of December 2007, the database has over 59,400+ bands listed. The site includes over 92,000 releases in the database and almost 659,000 songs. The site also has an international concert guide of over 300,000 concerts, archiving from 1965. The site also features extensive and unique band biographies, many of which are the result of direct, first-hand interviews with band members conducted by Sharpe-Young during his many years as a Heavy Metal journalist. 
Additional features include extensive discographies, pictures of the bands, their logos and their albums covers, upcoming concerts and album reviews.
The site was without updates for some time, bearing a message that a new expanded version of Rockdetector is on its way. On 1 September 2008 the site started after more than one year of re-programming and testing with an improved concept, layout and a re-designed database under the new name Musicmight.com with 60,000 artists and 144,000 persons included in the database.
Sharpe-Young died in March 2010. The site has since been abandoned.

</doc>
<doc id="19931558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931558" title="Lost (band)">
Lost (band)

Lost is an Italian pop rock band consisting of four boys from Vicenza and Thiene, in northern Italy.
History.
Lost officially came together in the summer of 2003, through the friendship of the band's singer Walter Fontana, and the guitarist Roberto Visentin, who were soon joined by the drummer Filippo Spezzapria, bassist Matthew Miller and guitarist Giulio Dalla Stella. A few months after their formation they played their first show at a local festival. In 2006, due to internal disputes, Miller was replaced by the new bassist Luca Donazzan. 
The publication of their demo track "My (?)" on MySpace in 2006 proved to be an unexpected success amongst the social network users. Following this, Lost signed a contract with Bass Department records and the producers Matteo Franzan and Stefano Florino, in 2006.
In the summer of 2007 the group signed up for the Cornetto Free Music Audition and was chosen by the director of the TRL Extra Live Italian Music channel. Thanks to this, and the showing of their music video "Oggi" (Italian for "Today"), Lost was talent-spotted by the record company Carosello, who offered the band a contract in September 2007
The single "Oggi" was released on the 15th of November 2007, and the following week entered the Italian singles chart in twenty-seventh place, mainly thanks to the single's promotion on MTV Italy. At the end of the year, Lost was nominated as the best Italian "riempipiazza 2007" (Meaning the band which could best fill a town square during their show), beside other Italian and international artists. In the new year, the band released their second single "Tra pioggia e nuvole" ("Between rain and clouds") which was also promoted by TRL
On the 25th of January 2008 their first album "XD" was published. The album entered the Italian album chart in twenty-seventh position. After the release of the album the group embarked on their first Italian tour: "XD Live Tour 2.0."
In the summer of 2008, Lost opened two dates of Tokio Hotel's Italian tour, in Rome and in Modena.
In late 2008 Lost's guitarist, Giulio Dalla Stella, left to continue his studies at university and obtain a degree.
In 2009, Lost released a single with Joel Madden from the pop-punk band Good Charlotte, called "Sulla Mia pelle", meaning On My Skin. It immediately went to number one on TRL and Lost won the Best Band on TRL Italy.
"Sulla mia pelle" is the first single of the new album "Sospeso". The album reached gold status in Italy.
The second single from "Sospeso" is the ballad "Sopra il mondo". The band recently went on to win the Best Italian Act for the MTV Europe Music Awards and were also nominated for Best European Act.
Interaction with fans.
Since their very beginnings the group has had direct contact with its listeners through the internet, with different initiatives to facilitate this contact being used on their official site and their MySpace page. In February 2008, the group launched an official podcast in which they publish backstage clips and things relating to the band not concerning live shows.
Break Up.
Lost in 2011 decided to take a break from the scene. Walter has decided to release a solo album in the meantime, while others are dedicated to another project.
Awards.
Awards won in bold.

</doc>
<doc id="19931562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931562" title="Georg Gottlob Richter">
Georg Gottlob Richter

Georg Gottlob Richter (1694–1773) was a professor of medicine, philosophy, and philology.
Education.
Before receiving his MD degree, Richter spent a year (1718) in Leiden listening to the lectures of Herman Boerhaave. He then obtained his MD under Johann Ludwig Hannemann at the University of Kiel in 1720.
Career.
He occupied first chair of medicine at the University of Göttingen. Richter wrote a text on dietetics and numerous dissertations on medical theory and practice.

</doc>
<doc id="19931565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931565" title="NWS Holdings">
NWS Holdings

NWS Holdings Limited () is the conglomerate flagship of New World Development. It was established in 2002 when its predecessor, Pacific Ports Company Limited, acquired New World Services Limited from New World Development and the infrastructure assets from New World Infrastructure Limited.
The company is involved in infrastructure and service businesses in Hong Kong, Mainland China and Macau. Its infrastructure division includes roads, energy, water and ports projects. Its service division comprises facilities management (the management of Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Centre and ATL Logistics Centre), contracting (Hip Hing Construction and NWS Engineering), finance (Taifook Securities and New World Insurance) and transportation (New World First Bus, Citybus and New World First Ferry). 
NWS Holdings announced on 11 June 2010 that the Group had entered into an agreement with Fung Seng Enterprises Limited to dispose of certain subsidiary companies (NWS Engineering GroupLtd) engaged in service businesses for a total consideration of HK$888.5 million.
In December 2013 Bloomberg reported that NWS Holdings agreed to acquire a stake in Beijing Capital International Airport Co from sovereign wealth fund GIC Pte. The was valued at HK$2.36 billion (US$304 million), according to Bloomberg. 
Other companies owned by NWS Holdings include HK Ticketing.
The company is headed by Henry Cheng, the elder son of Dr Cheng Yu-tung, the chairman of New World Development.

</doc>
<doc id="19931567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931567" title="Cephas Zhuwao">
Cephas Zhuwao

Cephas Zhuwao (born 15 December 1984, Harare, Zimbabwe) is a Zimbabwean cricketer. He is an all-rounder who bats left-handed and bowls left-arm spin.
Zhuwao made his first-class debut for Northerns in May 2007, having made his limited-overs debut in January 2006.
Despite having played well against a Pakistan academy side, he was a surprise selection for the Zimbabwean national side in October 2008. He made his International Twenty20 debut in the 2008 Quadrangular Twenty20 Series in Canada against Canada, also playing against Pakistan. Played as an opening batsman, he scored twelve runs in three innings. Even though he bowled just two balls in the tournament, he took the final wicket of the third-place playoff against Canada in a 109-run victory.
Following this tournament, Zhuwao made his One Day International debut against Ireland on 17 October 2008 in Nairobi, Kenya. Again opening the innings, he scored 16 runs in a 156-run victory.
During the 2013 season, Zhuwao will be the overseas player for the Eversley Cricket Club, in North Hampshire.

</doc>
<doc id="19931577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931577" title="A Barrel Full of Dollars">
A Barrel Full of Dollars

A Barrel Full of Dollars also known as Coffin Full of Dollars () is a 1971 Italian Western film directed by Demofilo Fidani and starring Jack Betts.

</doc>
<doc id="19931582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931582" title="2005 Davidoff Swiss Indoors – Doubles">
2005 Davidoff Swiss Indoors – Doubles

Bob Bryan and Mike Bryan were the defending champions, but lost in the semifinals to Agustín Calleri and Fernando González.
Agustín Calleri and Fernando González won in the final 7–5, 7–5, against Stephen Huss and Wesley Moodie.

</doc>
<doc id="19931587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931587" title="CD Cudillero">
CD Cudillero

Club Deportivo Cudillero is a Spanish football team based in Cudillero, in the autonomous community of Asturias. Founded in 1950 and refounded in 2002 it currently plays in Tercera División – Group 2, holding home games at "Estadio La Roja", which has a capacity of 2,000 spectators.
History.
Cudillero was founded in 1950 and reformed in 2002 after disappearing in 1979.

</doc>
<doc id="19931590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931590" title="Cabinet of Hugon Hanke">
Cabinet of Hugon Hanke

The Cabinet of Hugon Hanke (Polish: Rząd Hugona Hanke) was a brief administration of the Polish Government in Exile, formed on August 8 and dismissed on September 10, 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="19931591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931591" title="Jaffe profile">
Jaffe profile

The Jaffe profile (or Jaffe model) is a mathematical function that is used to describe the distribution of mass or light in elliptical galaxies and the bulges of spiral galaxies. It was proposed by Walter Jaffe in 1983. Its usefulness derives from the fact that it accurately reproduces a de Vaucouleurs profile when projected onto the sky.
The density in the Jaffe model is given by
formula_1
In this equation, formula_2 and formula_3 are parameters that can be varied to fit the observed density. 
Jaffe described how he arrived at his model: 
formula was derived heuristically from the observation that the brightness profiles of spherical galaxies seem to run as formula_4 and formula_5 in at least some parts of their envelopes and cores, respectively. This would imply that the spatial density runs as formula_6 and formula_7.
Variations on Jaffe's law include the Hernquist profile, the Dehnen profile and the NFW profile, which have a similar functional form as Jaffe's law but which use different values for the two exponents.

</doc>
<doc id="19931601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931601" title="Terry Kelly (singer)">
Terry Kelly (singer)

Terry Kelly, CM (born in St. John's, Newfoundland) is a Canadian country/folk music artist, athlete and professional speaker. Kelly has released six studio albums and charted eleven singles on the "RPM" Canadian country singles chart. In addition to award nominations from the Juno Awards and the Canadian Country Music Association, Kelly has also won seven East Coast Music Awards. Kelly received the King Clancy Award in 2000, an Honorary Doctorate in Civil Laws from the University of Kings College in 2001, an Honorary Doctorate in Fine Arts from Saint Mary’s University in 2002 and was inducted into the Order of Canada in 2003, the highest civilian honour within the Canadian system of honours. He sang the Canadian National Anthem at the Opening Ceremonies for the 2010 Vancouver Paralympic Winter Games and also sang at the official installation ceremony of the 28th Governor General of Canada (David Lloyd Johnston) in 2010.
Biography.
At the age of one, Terry Kelly was diagnosed with retinoblastoma, a cancerous condition that left him blind. His parents sent him to the Halifax School for the Blind when he was seven. His recording career began in high school when he released five albums with instrumental band The Stringbusters.
At the 1979 Canadian Track Championships, Kelly was a double silver medallist. He became the third blind person in the world to run a sub five-minute mile. He competed in the 1980 Paralympics in Arnhem, Netherlands and carried the Olympic torch as part of the cross Canada Torch Relay.
Kelly released his first studio album, "On the Move", in 1985. His second album, "Face to Face", was released in 1988. "In My Father's House," the first single from Kelly's third studio album, 1992's "Divided Highway", was nominated for Single and SOCAN Song of the Year at the 1993 Canadian Country Music Association Awards. The same year, Kelly set an East Coast Music Awards record when he won every award that he was nominated for, including Album of the Year ("Divided Highway"), SOCAN Song of the Year ("In My Father's House"), Male Vocalist of the Year, Country Artist of the Year and Entertainer of the Year. He was also nominated for a 1995 Juno Award for Best Country Male Vocalist. A fourth album, "Far Cry from Leaving", followed in 1997.
In 2000, Kelly was presented with the King Clancy Award. The following year, Kelly received an Honorary Doctorate in Civil Laws from the University of Kings College. He also received an Honorary Doctorate in Fine Arts from Saint Mary’s University in 2002. Kelly made music history with the release of his 2002 album, "The Power of the Dream". It was the first music CD in the world with Braille liner notes. In 2003, Kelly was appointed to the Order of Canada.
His most recent single, "A Pittance of Time," was released in 2003. The song inspired a musical production, "Two Minutes of Silence - A Pittance of Time". Kelly released his first Christmas album, "Old Tyme Christmas", in 2004. In 2005, he was presented with the Humanitarian Award from the Canadian Country Music Association. Kelly became a member of Team Canada in 2007 and travelled to Afghanistan to perform for Canadian troops.

</doc>
<doc id="19931614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931614" title="Brides of Frankenstein">
Brides of Frankenstein

"Brides of Frankenstein" is a medley of excerpts from various Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark songs mixed with dance rhythms by Mike "Hitman" Wilson and Steve "Silk" Hurley.
It was released as a 12-inch single in 1988 in the United States and Canada. In 1991, both tracks were released as B-sides of the "Call My Name" CD single.
Track listing.
All songs written by OMD.

</doc>
<doc id="19931619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931619" title="Thanks to the Moon's Gravitational Pull">
Thanks to the Moon's Gravitational Pull

"Thanks to the Moon's Gravitational Pull" is the third studio album released by the Filipino alternative rock band Sandwich in 2003. The album contains the singles "Right Now", "2 Trick Pony" and "Nahuhulog". It was the last album featuring Marc Abaya as the band's lead vocalist. This was the first Sandwich album initially released independently and also the special edition of the album is the first Sandwich album released under EMI Philippines.
The special edition of the album contains the music videos of "2 Trick Pony and "Thanks to the Moon" and remixes of some songs in the album.
Track listing.
Disc two.
"The second disc is only included in the special edition of the album which was released through EMI in 2004."

</doc>
<doc id="19931624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931624" title="Douglas Dragonfly">
Douglas Dragonfly

The Douglas Dragonfly is a motorcycle designed and built by Douglas motorcycles in Bristol. The last motorcycle produced by the company, the 1955 Dragonfly was an all-new motorcycle built to use an improved version of an existing engine. Despite its riding comfort, which was equaled to a car, it did not sell well, and only 1,457 Dragonfly motorcycles were produced before the company was taken over and production ended in 1957.
History.
After World War II Douglas was in financial difficulty and reduced its output to the 350 cc flat-twin engine models. The flat twin had been the Douglas trademark since 1906 and had a long history of Isle of Man TT racing successes.
Development.
The Dragonfly was known as the "Dart" while in development and was based on the Mark V Douglas and an earlier prototype. Aiming to overcome the outdated image, designers were commissioned from the Reynolds Tube Company to develop a completely new open duplex frame of welded tubing, including a swinging arm with twin Girling dampers (state of the art for the time) with leading link front suspension. The strengthened and streamlined engine had a modern coil ignition, AC generator and distributor, with bolt-through cast iron cylinders and heads and pushrods made from Duralumin.
Launch.
The launch of the Dragonfly was the last chance of survival for the Douglas company when it featured at the 1954 Earls Court motorcycle show in a big display held in a giant micrometer. Although it aroused a lot of interest, Douglas' finances did not allow them to exploit demand and the Dragonfly did not go into volume production for nine months.
Decline.
As well as suffering from production delays, the Dragonfly was bigger and heavier than its predecessors and its raw power was too difficult to handle for most riders. It was also noisy and acceleration was rather unpredictable. Douglas decided to concentrate on importing Vespa scooters which were increasing in popularity, and only 1500 Dragonfly motorcycles were ever built. The Westinghouse Brake and Signal Company Ltd bought Douglas out in 1956, and production of Douglas Motorcycles ended in 1957 with the final Dragonflys being sold at discount by London dealer Pride & Clarke.

</doc>
<doc id="19931625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931625" title="John Blaney">
John Blaney

John Blaney may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19931629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931629" title="His Name Was King">
His Name Was King

His Name Was King () is a 1971 Italian Western film directed by Giancarlo Romitelli and starring Klaus Kinski.
Plot.
The bounty killer "King" Marley kills one of the Benson brothers, who are wanted smugglers. In retaliation the Bensons kill King's brother and rape his sister-in-law. While King goes after the gang the widow is taken in by King's friend sheriff Foster. She is raped again by his deputy who is then killed by Foster.
The government agent Collins has King arrested, but this turns out to be a ruse to catch the real boss of the smuggling activities, which in fact is Foster. Collins also assists King in the final reckoning with the sheriff.
Reception.
In his investigation of narrative structures in Spaghetti Western films, Fridlund writes that "His Name Was King" is an example of vengeance stories with an "external second motive", where there besides the avenger is a second protagonist with a different motive. This is a variant of the partnership plot that was used in many Spaghetti Westerns following the success of "For a Few Dollars More" where one of the bounty killer partners turns out to have a secret vengeance motive. In "His Name Was King" the different motivations of Collins (ending the smuggling activities) and King (revenge) in the end brings them together - the initial conflict being a stratagem by Collins. Also, in the seminal "Django" the hero has two conflicting motives (avenging himself on the villain Jackson or stealing his fortune) that strongly influence the plot, while King's two motives (revenge and collecting bounty for the Bensons) do not come into conflict, thus presenting a weaker version of such an "internal second motive".

</doc>
<doc id="19931647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931647" title="Doncaster Museum">
Doncaster Museum

Doncaster Museum and Art Gallery is a museum in Doncaster, South Yorkshire, England. The museum won the "Most Improved Audience Figures" award from Audiences Yorkshire.
History.
Doncaster Museum opened in 1964 to display collections of natural history, archaeology, local history, fine and decorative art. The building also houses the Regimental Museum of the King's Own Yorkshire Light Infantry.

</doc>
<doc id="19931651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931651" title="E. Duncan Getchell">
E. Duncan Getchell

Earle Duncan Getchell, Jr. (born October 12, 1949 in Mobile, Alabama) is an American lawyer and a former nominee to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit. Mr. Getchell is a former Solicitor General of Virginia.
Background.
Getchell attended Emory University on an Air Force ROTC Scholarship and graduated with high honors. He then graduated with distinction from Duke University Law School, where he was on the staff and editorial board of the Duke Law Journal.
After law school, Mr. Getchell worked as an associate at McGuire, Woods & Battle for one year before serving as an Air Force JAG Officer in the Office of the General Counsel for two years, attaining the rank of Captain. He served in the U.S. Air Force Reserve 1971–1977, with active duty assignment 1975–1977. After his tenure with the Air Force, Mr. Getchell returned to McGuire, Woods & Battle in 1977 and remained there for over thirty years. He was made a partner in 1981 and then headed the firm's appellate litigation. Mr. Getchell is a fellow of the American Academy of Appellate Lawyers, an elected member of The American Law Institute, and a permanent member of the Fourth Circuit Judicial Conference.
In late 2009, Virginia Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli named him Solicitor General of Virginia. In 2014, Mr. Getchell returned to practice at McGuireWoods LLP. 
Wintergreen lawsuit.
In 2005, Getchell was the lead appellate attorney in a case involving a severely injured skier at Wintergreen Resort, near Charlottesville. At trial, a jury awarded the skier $8 million. Getchell represented Wintergreen on appeal. The Virginia Supreme Court dismissed the appeal when it discovered that Wintergreen’s lawyers neglected to file the trial transcript. As a result, Wintergreen had to pay the $8 million judgment.
Wintergreen’s trial lawyer blamed Getchell for the mistake. Wintergreen, however, sued the trial lawyer, Christopher C. Spencer of Richmond, alleging legal malpractice. "The Virginian-Pilot" reported on the error in October 2007. In November 2007, Spencer sued Getchell for $7.5 million, accusing him and a law partner of defamation for trying to pass off blame in the Wintergreen case. In the lawsuit, Spencer accused Getchell of shifting blame "in hopes of salvaging a troubled nomination to the federal bench." 
Fourth Circuit nomination.
On September 6, 2007, President George W. Bush nominated Getchell to a seat on the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit vacated by Judge H. Emory Widener, Jr., who had taken senior status on July 17, 2007. From September 2003 until January 2007, William J. Haynes, II had been nominated for the position, but his nomination had met stiff opposition from Senate Democrats over his role as general counsel of the United States Department of Defense in the formulation of rules concerning the use of torture in Iraq. Getchell was nominated as Haynes' replacement.
In 2006, Virginia’s two U.S. Senators at the time – John Warner and George Allen, both Republicans – had recommended three candidates from Virginia for two open seats on the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals. Getchell was on that list. But before Bush acted, Allen was defeated for re-election by Democrat Jim Webb. In July 2007, Warner and Webb submitted a new list of five names, and Getchell was not on it. Bush nominated Getchell anyway, noting that he was rated “highly qualified” by the Virginia State Bar. Warner and Webb did not support him, so his nomination never received a hearing. The Wintergreen matter also complicated Getchell's nomination.
Getchell withdrew his nomination from consideration on January 23, 2008. On May 8, 2008, Federal District Court Judge Glen E. Conrad was nominated in his stead.

</doc>
<doc id="19931663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931663" title="Cabinet of Tadeusz Komorowski">
Cabinet of Tadeusz Komorowski

The Cabinet of Tadeusz Komorowski (Polish: Rząd Tadeusza Komorowskiego) was a Polish cabinet in exile headed by General Tadeusz Bór-Komorowski.
The cabinet was formed on July 2, 1947 and resigned on February 10, 1949

</doc>
<doc id="19931667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931667" title="Civic courage">
Civic courage

Civic courage is the willingness to talk directly to people in authority. Alternatives are avoiding authority all together, or communicating only what is perceived to be expected. Actions that require civic courage vary by culture.

</doc>
<doc id="19931682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931682" title="UD Gijón Industrial">
UD Gijón Industrial

Unión Deportivo Gijón Industrial is a football team based in Gijón in the autonomous community of Asturias. It plays in Tercera División – Group 2. The club's home ground is "Santa Cruz", which has a capacity of 3,000 spectators.
The club was founded in 1969 as a merger between Pelayo CF and Club Calzada.

</doc>
<doc id="19931684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931684" title="Johann Ludwig Hannemann">
Johann Ludwig Hannemann

Johann Ludwig Hannemann (1640–1724) was a professor of medicine who famously opposed the idea of the circulation of the blood. He studied the chemistry of phosphorus, gold, and hematite; wrote articles on metallurgy, botany, theology, and various medical topics. He was an adherent of the views of the ancients and pre-Renaissance alchemists. He trained his medical students according to the schools of Galen, Hippocrates, and Aristotle.
He first studied theology before studying medicine.
In 1675, he became a Full Professor at the University of Kiel.
He was the doctoral advisor of Georg Gottlob Richter.
In 1680, he became a member of Leopoldina.

</doc>
<doc id="19931696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931696" title="Kenny &amp; Zuke's Delicatessen">
Kenny &amp; Zuke's Delicatessen

Kenny & Zuke's Delicatessen is a Jewish delicatessen in Portland, Oregon.
History.
The restaurant opened in October 2007, however, the principal owners, Ken Gordon and Nick Zukin, began their venture at the Hillsdale Farmers' Market as The Pastrami King in 2006. After regularly selling pastrami, they moved to Ken Gordon's restaurant, Ken's Place, for a Saturday brunch, renaming the venture Kenny & Zuke's. Because of its popularity, the two started looking for a permanent location for the deli.
Awards and recognition.
Named one of the top 10 sandwich shops in the country by Bon Appetit. Also named among the best restaurants in Portland by the Oregonian, which also named its Pastrami Burger one of the city's "Best Bites", and the Willamette Week, which also named it among the best spots for lunch, sandwiches, pre-show dinners, and lines worth the wait. Its Cobb Salad was named best in the city by Portland Monthly.
Kenny and Zuke's was featured on Portland TV channel 12's "Dirty Dining" segment on November 13, 2008, revealing that the popular restaurant had received a 73 because of repeat violations. Kenny & Zuke's most recent score, September 10, 2009, was a 91, with a previous score, observed March 13, 2009, of 84.

</doc>
<doc id="19931697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931697" title="Francesca Salvalajo">
Francesca Salvalajo

Francesca Salvalajo (born July 20, 1972) is a retired backstroke swimmer from Italy. She represented her native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain. Salvalajo is a two-time gold medalist at the Mediterranean Games.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19931699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931699" title="Brinda">
Brinda

Brinda is also known as Tulsi in Hindi
Brinda may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19931700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931700" title="Albert Järvinen">
Albert Järvinen

Pekka "Albert" Johannes Järvinen (born October 25, 1950 in Iitti, Finland, died March 24, 1991 in London, England) was a Finnish guitarist. He is most well known as a fast-fingered and skilled guitar player of Finnish rock band Hurriganes. He got his stage-name Albert from one of his idols, blues guitarist Albert King.
Career.
Järvinen started playing acoustic guitar at the age of eight. He studied classic guitar playing under the teaching of Ivan Putilin before switching to electric guitar. He got his first electric guitar (Gretsch) in 1965. He played in numerous bands, including blues band The Harp, Poison, the background band of singer Kristian, and later Eero Raittinen and Kalevala before replacing Ile Kallio as a guitarist of Hurriganes in May 1972. He also worked as a studio guitarist for many Finnish singers in that time.
In 1975 Järvinen left Hurriganes and played with Rock-Jerry before founding a new blues rock band, Royals which tried to challenge the success of Hurriganes. In 1979 Royals was broken up and Järvinen was planning to continue his career in England. Elvis Costello and many others wanted him to became their guitarist. This was result as a contacts with Nick Lowe, who had earlier come to Finland to record Järvinen's guitar solos. However Järvinen came back to Finland and played in the band of Dave Lindholm before joining back to Hurriganes in 1979. His second spell in Hurriganes lasted two years. In that time the band recorded two albums.
In 1981 Järvinen joined Sleepy Sleepers but was sacked due to his heavy alcohol drinking. Together with former Sleepy Sleepers drummer Harri Lemola Järvinen formed a new band The Quips which lasted only a year. In 1984 Järvinen published a maxi-single "Countdown" under the name of "Albert Järvinen Band". The single was produced and also signed by Lemmy Kilmister from English band Motörhead. In the middle of 1980s Järvinen kept low profile practising his guitar skills. At the end half of the decade he played with various artist and recorded a solo album "Braindamage – Or Still Alive" together with Albert King and William Clarke.
Death.
Järvinen died on a concert trip in London in the Spring of 1991. The official cause of death was myocardial infarction. No illegal drugs were found in his body. Järvinen is buried in Honkanummi cemetery in Vantaa.

</doc>
<doc id="19931709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931709" title="Micro-revenue">
Micro-revenue

Microrevenue is the earning of revenue by streams of traditional or virtual currency, where many small transactions or micropayments contribute to a much larger outcome.
Microrevenue follows the logic that great change can be accomplished by many small acts and is an evolved idea from the success of the microcredit approach to financing small business. This is especially achievable within on-line communities that arise around a cause, a belief or a mass-appeal project. Microrevenue has particular advantages for social businesses that rely upon small-scale transactions but may have ambitious or hard-to-define investment targets that can be hard to fund using traditional means.
The microrevenue proposition draws significant strength from Crowdsourcing the phenomenon explored by Jeff Howe in his book of the same name. Communities of activity and of interest are no longer constrained by geography and can be massive in scale while drawing on devolved knowledge, which encourages the rise of microrevenue.
The phrase 'microrevenue' was coined and developed by Howard Jones, Director of Human Networks at the Eden Project in Cornwall. This was as a result of his creating the Living Networks programme as a first example of very large, networked, social business. For the model to work, the architecture and characteristics of the network needed to allow very large numbers of tiny transactions that develop revenue to support the programme and feed its development. The reasoning for this to happen is summarised in an article by Howard Jones in the book Beyond by Mario Raich. The practicalities are that this open-source approach to network economies can help provide environments for new communities of interest and ideas, for support systems, and for increased resilience for societies that are vulnerable to existing or traditional socio-economic rules.

</doc>
<doc id="19931725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931725" title="Slaughter Hotel">
Slaughter Hotel

Slaughter Hotel ( and also known as "Asylum Erotica" and "The Beast Kills in Cold Blood") is a 1971 Italian horror film directed by Fernando Di Leo and starring Klaus Kinski.
Plot.
An axe-wielding maniac stalks the beautiful, scantily-clad women of an upscale sanitarium, all under the watchful eye of the mysterious Dr. Keller (Klaus Kinski).
Release.
The film was released theatrically in the United States by Hallmark Releasing in 1972. The film was released on DVD by Media Blasters on their sub-label Shriek Show in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19931726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931726" title="Until the Day Is Done">
Until the Day Is Done

"Until the Day Is Done" is a song by American rock band R.E.M. from their fourteenth studio album "Accelerate". It was debuted on "Anderson Cooper 360°" to promote the "Planet in Peril" special and was released as a single on November 14, 2008, as a two-track download-only single. The promotional music video, directed by Vincent Moon, was posted on the band's website and on the band's YouTube account in late October 2008 and features footage from the live video album "Live at The Olympia".

</doc>
<doc id="19931739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931739" title="Priestman">
Priestman

Priestman may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19931747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931747" title="Manuela Carosi">
Manuela Carosi

Manuela Carosi (born June 13, 1965) is a retired backstroke swimmer from Italy. She represented her native country at three consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1980. Carosi is a three-time gold medalist at the Mediterranean Games.

</doc>
<doc id="19931752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931752" title="1984 BMW Open – Singles">
1984 BMW Open – Singles

Tomáš Šmíd was the defending champion, but lost in the first round this year.
Libor Pimek won the title, defeating Gene Mayer 6–4, 4–6, 7–6, 6–4 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19931769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931769" title="Shoot the Living and Pray for the Dead">
Shoot the Living and Pray for the Dead

Shoot the Living and Pray for the Dead () is the original release title of the 1971 Italian dramatic spaghetti western film directed by Giuseppe Vari, and starring Klaus Kinski and Dante Maggio. With its many international releases, the film had additional English titles of "Pray to Kill and Return Alive", "To Kill a Jackal", and "Renegade Gun". The script by Adriano Bolzoni is inspired by American noir-crime films of the 1930s and 1940s, and Kinski's entry into the scene reprises Edward G. Robinson's presence in "Key Largo" (1948).
Plot.
After having robbed a bank for $100,000 in gold bars, Dan Hogan (Klaus Kinski) and his gang meet up at the Jackal's Ranch stagecoach way station near the Mexican border, where Hogan's girlfriend Eleanor (Victoria Zinny) is to surreptitiously bring their stolen gold to them. While they await her arrival, they encounter John Webb (Paolo Casella), a stranger who had shot the man who was to be their guide and who himself wants half their gold in exchange for leading them into Mexico. Hogan agrees and they depart into the desert with the law close behind. In fact, Webb plots to destroy the gang as Hogan, during his earlier days with the Ku Klux Klan, had killed Webb's father.
Production.
The film was shot simultaneously with "Il tredicesimo è sempre Giuda" ("Thirteenth Is a Judas"), another spaghetti western that was also directed and written by Vari and Bolzoni.
Releases.
First released theatrically as "Prega il morto e ammazza il vivo" in Italy on 31 August 1971, the film was distributed internationally under different titles. In West Germany it was released as "Der Mörder des Klans". In its 24 May 1972 French release, it was "Priez les morts, tuez les vivants". On release on cable television in Brazil it was titled "Mata o Vivo E Reza Pelo Morto". When first released in the United States, it was as "Pray to Kill and Return Alive", while its international release title in English was "Renegade Gun". Subsequently it was also released as "To Kill a Jackal" and then "Shoot the Living and Pray for the Dead". It was released in Finland as "Rukous kuolleiden puolesta". In its 19 September 1973 release in Sweden it was as "Skjut de levande - bed för de döda", while in Portugal on 28 July 1975, it was as "Reza Pelo Morto e Mata o Vivo", and its latest US release was as "To Kill a Jackal". 
DVD release.
The German DVD release quality is considered very good, with the image being clean and sharp. The German language dubbing is well done but the English language dubbing is a bit dull. DVD extras include a picture gallery showing stills of the film, as well as stills of international poster artwork, clips of other Klaus Kinski projects, and trailers for other Koch Media films.
Reception.
Of its German release, "Das Filmmagazin" said that there was nothing wrong in principle for Klaus Kinski to be in this spaghetti western even though the actor and genre have been in better productions. The role of Dan Hogan was a perfect opportunity for Kinski to create a character who was an ice cold lunatic on the verge. "Das Filmmagazin" also felt that the reduced scope of the limited locations of the coach station and the desert allowed the director to use hand-held shots to create a surreal tonality. The wobbling close-ups of faces captured intensity of expressions, short shots with wide focal lengths, tilted camera angles, and other unusual camera work were used to generate mood. They summarised by writing "Ein spannender, nahezu minimalistischer Italowestern, der zwar nicht mit den Besten seines Fachs mithalten kann, aber in der zweiten Liga eine ziemlich gute Figur macht." (An exciting, almost minimalist spaghetti western, which, although it cannot compete with the best in its field, makes a pretty good figure in the second division). The "Spaghetti Western Database" calls the film a "thoroughly interesting mystery thriller disguised as a Western" and representative of "one of the best examples of the forgotten gems of the Spaghetti Western". On the other hand, Italian film critic Paolo Mereghetti criticized the film, calling it "an absolutely conventional western, with a Kinski to the minimum of his actorial capabilities". In his review for the website "Sense of View", Carsten Henkelmann, while highlighting the lack of rhythm ("The action is for the most part very quiet, the narration is quite slow"), praised the originality of the plot ("it is a Western that uses the usual gunfights as a last resort").
In his investigation of narrative stuctures in Spaghetti Western films, Fridlund counts "Shoot the Living and Pray for the Dead" among the many stories about an infiltrator with a hidden agenda that took their inspiration from A Fistful of Dollars.
Quentin Tarantino ranked the film 16th in his personal "Top 20 favorite Spaghetti Westerns".

</doc>
<doc id="19931774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931774" title="Northland Steamship Company">
Northland Steamship Company

The Northland Steamship Company was a small steamship line that sailed between ports on Puget Sound and Alaska.
In 1914, Northland Steamship was sailing two passenger ships totaling from the Puget Sound Terminal in Seattle on the Southeast Alaskan Route, regularly visiting the ports of Ketchikan, Wrangell, Petersburg, Douglas, Juneau, Haines, Skagway and Seward in Alaska.

</doc>
<doc id="19931782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931782" title="Vasil Levski National Military University">
Vasil Levski National Military University

The Vasil Levski National Military University (, "Natsionalen voenen universitet "Vasil Levski"") is Bulgaria's national military academy.
Founded in 1878 as a military school in Plovdiv, it was moved to Sofia the same year. On 19 April 1924, it was promoted to university status and in 1945, it was named in honour of Bulgarian national hero Vasil Levski (1837–1873). Since 1958, it has been headquarters in Veliko Tarnovo.
On 14 June 2002, the structure of Bulgarian military academies was reorganized: the Veliko Tarnovo-based Vasil Levski National Military University also covers the artillery academy (now a faculty) in Shumen and the air force faculty in Dolna Mitropoliya. The Rakovski Defence and Staff College remains independent.

</doc>
<doc id="19931794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931794" title="Princess Marie Gabriele of Luxembourg">
Princess Marie Gabriele of Luxembourg

Marie Gabrielle Aldegunde Wilhelmine Louise (born 2 August 1925, Berg Castle), is a Luxembourgian princess, a daughter of Grand Duchess Charlotte and Prince Felix of Bourbon-Parma.
Born as Princess of Luxembourg, Princess of Nassau, Princess of Bourbon-Parma, she married Knud Johan Ludvig, "Lensgreve" Holstein til Ledreborg (Count of Ledreborg), a Danish Roman Catholic nobleman (2 October 1919 - 25 June 2001) in Berg Castle on 6 November 1951, son of Joseph 6th Lensgreve Holstein til Ledreborg, a relative of Ludvig Holstein-Ledreborg and a descendant of Johan Ludvig Holstein-Ledreborg, and his wife Countess Christina Hamilton, of a Danish branch of Clan Hamilton. They had seven daughters: 

</doc>
<doc id="19931806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931806" title="Vengeance Is a Dish Served Cold">
Vengeance Is a Dish Served Cold

Vengeance Is a Dish Served Cold (), also known as "Death's Dealer", is a 1971 Italian Western film directed by Pasquale Squitieri and starring Klaus Kinski.

</doc>
<doc id="19931817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931817" title="Selly Park">
Selly Park

Selly Park is a residential suburban district in south-west Birmingham, England. The suburb of Selly Park is located between the Bristol Road (A38) and the Pershore Road (A441).
Toponymy.
Selly Park is named after the parkland that was originally associated with Selly Hall, now preserved within Selly Convent.
History.
Initially Selly Park was developed on the parkland around Selly Hall, whilst the land to the west of the Pershore Road (A441) was laid out for development in the mid nineteenth century with spacious plots and tree-lined streets, and where development is still restricted by covenant. On the other side of the Pershore Road, between it and Cannon Hill Park are several streets of superior c19 terraced housing, built by Grants, the principal local builder. One or two of the larger houses have been converted into offices and two small hotels.
Governance.
The suburb is in the Selly Oak local authority electoral ward, along with the districts of Bournbrook, Selly Oak, Ten Acres and a small part of Stirchley. It also comes under the Selly Oak local council constituency, which is managed by its own district committee, and comprises both the Selly Oak ward as well as the wards of Billesley, Bournville and Brandwood.
Education.
Selly Park is the location of Selly Park Technology College.
Religion.
St Edward's Church, Selly Park is the main local Catholic Church. Selly Park is also home to three Protestant Churches, namely St Stephen's Church, Christ Church, Selly Park and Selly Park Baptist Church.
Television.
The BBC's Pebble Mill Studios were located to the north of the region, before moving to The Mailbox in 2004.
Some episodes of "Dalziel and Pascoe" have been shot in Oakfield Road, An episode of "Bird of Prey" was filmed in Selly Wick Drive and various local shops and houses have been used in the soap opera of "Doctors".
Notable residents.
The economist P. Sargent Florence lived in Selly Wick House.
The area is and was home to many academics from Birmingham University, such as Prof. Ivor Keys (1919–1995) and Dr Gordon Warwick (1918–1983), and to two former olympic athletes, Audrey Court and Max Madders.
Sporting history.
Alex Higgins won his first snooker World Championship in 1972 at the British Legion Club in Selly Park. This was demolished around 2000 and is now a block of flats.

</doc>
<doc id="19931819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931819" title="South Korea–Thailand relations">
South Korea–Thailand relations

South Korea–Thailand relations are foreign relations between the Thailand and South Korea. Both countries established diplomatic relations on October 1, 1958. The year 2008 is the 100th year of bilateral relations with two nations.
During the Korean War, Thailand was the second nation sending troops for supporting South Korea just after United States. In October 2003, South Korean president Roh Moo-hyun visited Thailand while Prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra to Seoul in November 2005.
South Korean is 10th largest trade partner, which is about to reach the scale of 10 billion dollars.

</doc>
<doc id="19931823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931823" title="Purton (disambiguation)">
Purton (disambiguation)

Purton is a village in Wiltshire, England. 
Purton may also refer to

</doc>
<doc id="19931824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931824" title="Heinrich Burkhardt">
Heinrich Burkhardt

Heinrich Friedrich Karl Ludwig Burkhardt (10 October 1861 – 2 November 1914) was a German mathematician. He famously was one of the examiners of Albert Einstein's PhD thesis. Of Einstein's thesis he stated: "The mode of treatment demonstrates fundamental mastery of the relevant mathematical methods" and "What I checked, I found to be correct without exception."
Burkhardt was born in Schweinfurt. Starting from 1879 he studied under Karl Weierstrass, Alexander von Brill, and Hermann Amandus Schwarz in Munich (at university and technical university), Berlin and Göttingen. He attained a doctorate in 1886 in Munich under Gustav Conrad Bauer with a thesis entitled: "Beziehungen zwischen der Invariantentheorie und der Theorie algebraischer Integrale und ihrer Umkehrungen" (Relations between the invariant theory and the theory of algebraic integrals and their inverses).
In 1887 he was an assistant at Göttingen and obtained his habilitation there in 1889. Later he was a professor in Zürich (1897–1908) and Munich (since October 1908). He worked on the theory of the elliptical functions, series expansions, group theory, the Burkhardt quartic, and history of mathematics.
He died in Neuwittelsbach/München, of a disease of the stomach, diagnosed about Easter 1914.

</doc>
<doc id="19931832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931832" title="2008–09 Hong Kong Senior Challenge Shield">
2008–09 Hong Kong Senior Challenge Shield

Hong Kong Senior Challenge Shield 2008–09, officially named as "Eisiti Senior Shield" () due to the competition's sponsorship by Shenzhen Xiangxue Eisiti FC, was the 107th season of one of the Asian oldest football knockout competition, Hong Kong Senior Challenge Shield. It was a knockout competition for all the teams of Hong Kong First Division League. The winner would qualify for AFC Cup 2010, if was a full member of The Hong Kong Football Association.
The final match was held in Hong Kong Stadium on 21 December 2008. The tournament was won by TSW Pegasus, who beat Convoy Sun Hei 3–0 in the final, thanks to two goals from Guy Junior Ondoua and one from Beto. Since TSW Pegasus was not a full member of the Hong Kong Football Association, the AFC Cup 2010 qualification of it was not confirmed before the final of 2008–09 Hong Kong FA Cup.
Bracket.
<noinclude>
"All times are local (UTC+8)".
Scorers.
The scorers in the 2008–09 Hong Kong Senior Challenge Shield are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="19931835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931835" title="Hausdalshorga">
Hausdalshorga

Hausdalshorga is a mountain in Bergen, Norway, near the Gullfjellet mountain massif.

</doc>
<doc id="19931851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931851" title="List of tallest buildings in France">
List of tallest buildings in France

For non-building structures like towers, masts and chimneys, see List of tallest structures in France

</doc>
<doc id="19931860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931860" title="Corona perversa">
Corona perversa

Corona perversa is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Orthalicidae.
The shell of "Corona perversa" is normally left-handed or sinistral. This species lives in Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="19931892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931892" title="Pasha (Quran)">
Pasha (Quran)

A Pasha (pronunciation: PAH-shüh), in the Quran or other Islamic holy books, is a delineated section of a book that was often thought to originally be a separate scroll. The plural in Arabic is "al-pashawat". The word "pasha" comes from the Hebrew "parashah", which refers to part of a biblical book.

</doc>
<doc id="19931898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931898" title="List of people from Etobicoke">
List of people from Etobicoke

The following is a list of people from Etobicoke, Ontario.

</doc>
<doc id="19931915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931915" title="Samma">
Samma

Samma may refer to:
Samma is also a surname and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19931918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931918" title="Chancellor House">
Chancellor House

Chancellor House may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19931932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931932" title="Bangladesh–South Korea relations">
Bangladesh–South Korea relations

Bangladesh–South Korea relations Bangladesh is one of the many countries that has established diplomatic relationships with both the Koreas. Official diplomatic relations with the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (North Korea) was established in 1973. In 1974, South Korea opened its embassy in the capital Dhaka while her counterpart did so in 1987.
In 2008, Ministry of Justice of South Korea ceased the protocol of visa exemption. It is decided in that temporary residents from Bangladesh have been over 13,000 through South Korea. Both nations should get permission from each country to enter from July 15, 2008.
In South Korea, there are more than 130,000 Bangladeshi foreign workers in the country. A significant number of them are temporary immigrants. This has led to some prejudice towards Bangladeshi immigrants, an issue recently tackled by the 2009 Korean film "Bandhobi", directed by Sin Dong-il.

</doc>
<doc id="19931937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931937" title="The Price of Death">
The Price of Death

The Price of Death () is a 1971 Italian Western film directed by Giancarlo Romitelli and starring Klaus Kinski and Gianni Garko. Some DVD releases feature the title "Der Galgen Wartecht Schon, Amigo!".
Release.
Wild East announced they would be releasing "The Price of Death" on DVD in a double feature with "Killer Caliber 32". The release was canceled due to rights issues. "Killer Caliber 32" is know scheduled to be released in a double feature with "Killer Adios" instead.

</doc>
<doc id="19931953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931953" title="Webbhelix multilineata">
Webbhelix multilineata

Webbhelix multilineata is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae.

</doc>
<doc id="19931966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931966" title="Avalanche Lake (New York)">
Avalanche Lake (New York)

Avalanche Lake is a mountain lake located in the Adirondack High Peaks in New York, USA. Avalanche Lake sits at 2885 feet (879 m) between 4,714-foot (1,437 m) Mount Colden and-3816 foot (1163 m) Avalanche Mountain. The two mountains rise in vertical cliffs from the surface of the lake. Immediately west of Avalanche Mountain (formerly known as Caribou Mountain) lies the MacIntyre Range— 5,115-foot (1,559 m) Algonquin Peak (the second highest mountain in the state), 4829-foot (1472 m) Boundary Peak, 4,843-foot (1,476 m) Iroquois Peak and 4,380-foot (1,335 m) Mount Marshall. Mount Marcy is 2.5 (4 km) miles to the east. Avalanche Lake feeds Lake Colden to the south, in the Hudson River watershed. To the north, the trail to the lake from the Adirondack Loj surmounts Avalanche Pass, which is only slightly above lake level but separates it from the Lake Champlain (St. Lawrence River) watershed. Following the lake toward Lake Colden, the trail is choked with large boulders, and a number of wooden ladders have been built to make passage possible. There are also three places where the trail takes to wooden catwalks, first built in the 1920s, that are bolted directly into the cliff face. This section is known as the "Hitch-Up Matilda;" in the nineteenth century it is said a mountain guide waded to carry one of his expeditioners on his back past a point with no footing on shore, urging her to hitch up her skirts above the water.
History.
The European discovery of the lake dates to an 1833 surveying party led by Judge John Richards and Major Reuben Sanford; it was named by William C. Redfield. A large avalanche occurred on August 20, 1869, that created a number of the landslides on Mount Colden, the rubble from which substantially raised the level of the lake. Another avalanche in 1942 caused further slides that raised the lake level by 10 feet (3 m).

</doc>
<doc id="19931971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931971" title="Fred Tauby">
Fred Tauby

Frederick Joseph "Fred" Tauby (born Fred Joseph Taubensee from March 27, 1906 – November 23, 1955), was a Major League Baseball outfielder who played in and with the Chicago White Sox and the Philadelphia Phillies. He batted and threw right-handed. Tauby had a .077 career batting average, with four hits in 54 at-bats. 
Tauby was born in Canton, Ohio and died in Concord, CA.

</doc>
<doc id="19931979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931979" title="Jerome Holder">
Jerome Holder

Jerome Holder (born 1994) is an English actor, best known for appearing in CBBC's "The Story of Tracy Beaker" as Maxy, "Holby City" as Max Tyson and "Fallout" as Clinton. He has also appeared in "Casualty" and "The Bill". In 2010, Jerome starred in the gang-crime blockbuster, "Shank", playing the role of Tugz and is now starring in CBBC's new sci-fi The Sparticle Mystery as Callum. Jerome was born and is raised in Walthamstow, East London and he attends Walthamstow Academy in Walthamstow, East London. He is a member of the Sylvia Young Agency.
In 2013, he was working at Barclay Primary School to work with the year 3's. He has now left the school, for The Sparticle Mystery maybe.

</doc>
<doc id="19931987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931987" title="Kramer graph">
Kramer graph

A Kramer graph is a specific multiple-line 2D geometric symbolic representation of the characteristics of intake, scavenging and exhaust components in a two-stroke cycle engine.
They are typically used to visualize the opening time versus area and/ or lift of the following components:
They do not show the specific configuration of ports like in a port-map, which enables it to illustrate a more useful visualization of port area distribution,
This could be useful because different types of port configurations could have the same opening time and area.
In these graphs the X-axis represents the crankshaft angle (θ) in degrees, and the left Y-axis represents the open area in any square unit of measure such as cm². To discern the different types of ports each type is given a designated color.
For example (commonly used):
Kramer graphs are named after Dutch engineer H. Kramer, who is considered to have been the first to use this type of graph in a publication on the effect of port shape and area on two-stroke cycle engine performance.

</doc>
<doc id="19931989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931989" title="Michel Montignac">
Michel Montignac

Michel Montignac (1944 – August 22, 2010) was a French diet developer who originally created the Montignac diet to help himself lose weight, which he based on research that focuses on the glycemic index of foods, which affects the amount of glucose delivered to the blood after eating. The diet, which distinguishes between good and bad carbohydrates, became the basis for best-selling books and a chain of restaurants and stores promoting his diet regimen and was one of the theoretical predecessors of the South Beach Diet.
Born in Angoulême, France in 1944, Montignac had a family history of obesity, with his father weighing . He studied political science and worked as a human resources manager, ultimately working as the personnel manager in the 1970s for the European subsidiary of Abbott Laboratories, an American pharmaceutical firm. Using the research materials available to him there, and despite the lack of any formal medical training, he sought a way to counteract the effects of the daily business lunches he ate and came to the determination that the issue in weight loss was not how much you ate but what you consumed. By dividing carbohydrates into two categories, good (including beans, leaf vegetables, lentils, whole grain wheat products, wild rice and dark chocolate) and bad (such as corn, potatoes, refined flour, white bread and white rice), Montignac's research led him to conclude that eating bad carbs, those with a high glycemic index, raises the levels of glucose in the blood and results in weight gain by coaxing the pancreas to generate insulin, which ultimately leads to the conversion of excess glucose into body fat. In 1993 he told "The New York Times" that "all traditional methods of dieting have amounted to a myth as big as Communism, and like Communism, they are destined to collapse". He tested the diet on himself and lost in three months.
Building on his own experiences and research, Montignac proposed that trying to lose weight by reducing caloric consumption was a "scientific swindle" and that weight could be controlled by monitoring and selecting the foods one ate. Montignac's diet was based on the idea that reducing calories in ones diet triggers a "survival instinct" that causes the body to store fat after losing pounds early in the diet. He self-published the book "Dine Out and Lose Weight" in 1986 aimed at business people who eat out often as part of their work and sold more than 500,000 copies. By the early 1990s, Montignac was opening a series of diet stores and restaurants that sold such items as beef, cheese, chocolate bars, foie gras that had been traditionally viewed as "symbols of ruinous hedonism" but that were promoted as part of Montignac's diet method. His 1987 book "Je Mange Donc Je Maigris" (translated in English as "Eat Yourself Slim ... and Stay Slim!") was aimed at the general public and had reached sales of 16 million copies in 40 countries by 2005.
A resident of Juvigny, Haute-Savoie, Montignac died of prostate cancer at age 66 on August 22, 2010, at a clinic in Annemasse. "He is survived by his wife, Suzy; their children, Joseph and Peter; and by three children from his first marriage, Charles, Emeric and Sybille. The promotion of his method has been passed on to Suzy and Sybille."

</doc>
<doc id="19931995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931995" title="Live at Llangollen">
Live at Llangollen

Live at Llangollen is a live concert video by Welsh mezzo-soprano Katherine Jenkins, which was released on DVD on 4 December 2006. The concert was filmed at the Llangollen International Musical Eisteddfod on 9 July 2006.
The concert features the tenor Nicky Spence as a special guest, Anthony Inglis and the National Symphony Orchestra. The DVD also features all of Jenkins' previous promotional videos, made available for the first time, and a rendition of "You'll Never Walk Alone" from the BBC archives.

</doc>
<doc id="19931997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931997" title="Viva la Diva (Darcey Bussell and Katherine Jenkins)">
Viva la Diva (Darcey Bussell and Katherine Jenkins)

Viva la Diva is an operatic ballet show by Welsh mezzo-soprano Katherine Jenkins and prima ballerina Darcey Bussell, CBE. In the show Jenkins and Bussell pay homage to past 'divas' and idols, including Doris Day, Edith Piaf, Marilyn Monroe, Maria Callas, Fred Astaire, Audrey Hepburn and Moira Shearer. Choreographer Kim Gavin directs.
The object of the show was to primarily swap talents. Bussell and Jenkins sang and danced respectively. In an interview, they reported it as being 'so, "so" much fun', but completely new territory for both of them. The show's 17 date tour around the UK was a sellout.
The show was not received favourably by "The Daily Telegraph's" reviewer.
The DVD of the concerts was released on 10 November 2008, and was filmed at the O2 Arena London. The DVD also includes bonus interviews with Jenkins and Bussell. The idea of the show came from Steven Howard, who also produced it.

</doc>
<doc id="19931998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19931998" title="Black Killer">
Black Killer

Black Killer is a 1971 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Carlo Croccolo and starring Klaus Kinski.
Plot.
James Webb arrives to town with a casket full of books. He discovers that the judge co-operates with the wanted O'Hara brothers, who make farmers sign over their land deeds and then kill them. The deeds are then deposited with the judge. Webb, who has presented himself to the judge as a lawyer, finds that since these deeds are not registered they will forfeit to the judge if the O'Haras are killed.
The O'Haras suspect Webb to be a government agent, but later they intercept and kill the real agent. They also raid town and kill the sheriff in anger when they don't get enough protection money.
Burt Collins arrives in town and asks for his brother Peter, who lives outside town with an Indian woman. He kills two of O'Hara men who cheat in gambling. He seems willing to follow the advice of Ramon O'Hara (who owns the saloon) to leave in the morning, but Webb visits his hotel room to suggest a plan.
In the morning Burt is challenged by three O'Hara men and kills them. Webb has earlier convinced the judge that according to the law he must become sheriff if none is appointed, and Burt is offered to become sheriff instead of standing trial. He accepts and the judge suggests that they share the land 50-50. The O'Haras are told that Burt visits his brother. They surround the house and capture the brothers when they come out. Burt is beaten unconscious and Peter is killed when he tries to stop them from raping his wife Sarah. Then they set fire to the house.
Burt and Sarah now avenge themselves on the O’Hara gang. They get information from Consuela and in the morning after the gang’s celebration at the saloon one of the malefactors is killed by gun shots from Burt and by an arrow from Sarah. The O’Haras have Consuela taken to a mine to serve as bait to catch Burt. Burt and Sarah kill the guards with arrow and knife. They enter the cave and kill the gang member who is in the process of raping Consuela, but the girl is killed by a stray bullet.
Sarah and Burt kill the guards at the O'Hara ranch with arrow and snare. They hang one of the guards out-side the window to make the men come out. Inside, Burt confronts Pedro O’Hara in the darkness of a closed room. When a man opens the door he exposes Pedro and is killed with him. Outside Sarah kills men with a rifle, until they run away, leaving Miguel O'Hara. She shoots an arrow with burning dynamite. After the explosion he cries that he is blind and then falls down.
Webb accuses the judge, who offers him 50%. When the offer is refused he takes a gun from his drawer but is killed by Webb with a gun concealed in a book. Webb picks the safe and takes papers and money. He is surprised by Sarah, who was sent by Burt to detain him, but he tricks her, takes her gun and ties her up.
Burt arrives into town with the bodies of the O'Haras and offers Ramon a choice between the gun and jail. He shoots The Mexican's rifle from his hand and shoots another man coming down the stairs. The two now fight and come out in the street, where O’Hara uses a hayfork. Webb appears and shoots down two O'Hara henchmen from the roof. Ramon goes for a rifle in a saddle holster but is shot by a gun that Webb throws to Burt.
Citizens gather around the corpses. Webb gives Burt the deeds taken from Wilson. Sarah has set herself free and arrives with a gun. Burt calms her, but still he arrests Webb for the murder of the judge, and cuffs him to take him to the judge in Canyon city. He gives back the star and answers vaguely to Sarah's question about when he will be back. At the junction to Canyon city he sets Webb free. The latter says, "You fooled me.” Burt replies that he wanted half of the money rather than the land. They separate.
Reception.
In his investigation of narrative structures in Spaghetti Western films, Fridlund writes that "Black Killer" displays many typical properties of a low-end genre production. There are blatantly unmotivated exhibitions of female skin and conspicuous gaps in the plot. As another low-end characteristic, the scenes with the O’Haras were re-used in another film, "Bounty Hunter in Trinity". However, by chance or by design, the story line does offer a subtle play on several variants of the partnership plot that was used in many Spaghetti Westerns following the success of "For a Few Dollars More".

</doc>
<doc id="19932000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932000" title="Druids Heath">
Druids Heath

"Not to be confused with Druid's Heath, Walsall"
Druids Heath is an area of southern Birmingham, United Kingdom covering the south-west quadrant of the B14 postcode (west of the Maypole). Nearby settlements include Kings Heath, Kings Norton.
Etymology.
The name Druids Heath comes from the Drews family, who worked in the area in the mid-19th century.
Politics.
Druids Heath is in the local council ward of Selly Oak, which is represented by Liberal Democrat David Radcliffe. It is also in the parliamentary constituency of Selly Oak. Therefore, it is represented in the House of Commons by the Labour Member of Parliament (MP) Steve McCabe.
Education.
The schools within the Druids Heath area are; Baverstock School & Specialist Sports College, Bells Farm Primary School, The Oaks Primary School and St. Jude's RC Junior and Infant School.

</doc>
<doc id="19932004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932004" title="1985 BMW Open – Singles">
1985 BMW Open – Singles

Libor Pimek was the defending champion, but lost in the second round this year.
Joakim Nyström won the title, defeating Hans Schwaier 6–1, 6–0 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19932021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932021" title="Mount Erin College">
Mount Erin College

Mount Erin Secondary College is a secondary school located in the suburb of Frankston, Victoria, Australia. It has approximately 800 students and is one of the only schools running the SEAL (Select Entry Accelerated Learning) program in the area. Other schools that run the program include Lyndale Secondary College and Wellington Secondary College.
Campuses.
The school was previously split into two separate campuses, one located on the original Frankston site and another newer campus in the nearby suburb of Somerville. The Somerville campus runs a year 7–10 programme with students progressing to Mount Erin Frankston to complete years 11 and 12 within the VCE or VCAL programs.
In 2009 the Somerville campus was separated from Frankston campus (the original campus). The Somerville campus then became 'Somerville Secondary College'. The former Somerville campus continued to run a 7–10 program despite the de-merger. As a result, students wishing to continue to years 11 and 12 progress to Mount Erin (Frankston) and are guaranteed a place. Since 2011, Somerville Secondary College has begun to run VCE classes. 
Mount Erin College offers wide and diverse range of specialist on campus programmes including the Hands On Learning program, the SEAL program, MESEM (student council), and the lap-top program to name a few. It also has a successful welfare program and caters for individual learning needs. Mount Erin College also has a DEAF Education Facilities, where students from the program are integrated into mainstream classes. Teachers are assisted with RF systems and speakers to ensure that DEAF EDU students are receiving a high quality of teaching and learning. 
In 2012, Mount Erin College introduced its Athlete Enhancement Program, where by students are selected for excellence and undertake classes suited to enhancing their athletic ability. 
In 2013, Mount Erin College aims to release its Performing Arts Academy to enhance those students who excel in the performing arts.
Faculty.
The current principal of Mt Erin is Karen Lee. The school has a further two vice principals, Heather Worral, who is in charge of the junior sub school (years 7 to 9) and Murray Sydenham, who manages the senior sub school (years 10 to 12).
Programmes and subjects.
Mount Erin College is host to many on-campus vet programmes including VET Hairdressing, VET Automotive and VET building and construction. The outcomes of these VET classes are nationally accredited certificates in the particular disciplines, which are a lifelong achievement. There are also a wide array of VCE and VCAL options not available at other schools in the area, due to outstanding facilities not present at other schools.
Mount Erin College recently introduced a lap-top programme aimed at year 7–9 students to increase their computer skills, as well as allow an extra two classes to use computers and Internet. this eliminated the need to build extra computer rooms, increasing the total of available 'computer classes' from four to six+. The college also funded netbooks to all year 10 students in 2012 as a part of the government's 1.1 computer program. 
Mount Erin College draws students from a number of local primary schools, including Frankston Heights Primary and Kingsley Park Primary School, which are both within walking distance. Students come from as far south as Hastings and Bittern and as far north as Carrum Downs.
Mount Erin College is also host to a DEAF programme, enabling hearing-impaired students to access a full subject range. Interpreters are normally present in classes containing hearing impaired students, to aid them in understanding and completing their work. Hearing-impaired students make up a small percentage of total students but often score very high in their school work and further studies.
Indonesian is taught to all students for years 7 and 8, with further studies an option taken by many who excel in the subject. Recently the school hosted exchange students from Germany, Indonesia and Panama.
Facilities.
Mount Erin College retained many technical facilities from its previous years as Baxter Technical School. These include fully functional woodwork rooms, multi purpose 'tech' rooms used for year 7 and 8 students an electronics room as well as two large kitchens, a textiles room and ceramics room.
Other facilities include a vast and amply equipped science wing, many graphics and art rooms, 3 large computer rooms, resource center containing many thousands of books and around a further 25 computers, interactive whiteboards in around 1 in every 3 classrooms (excluding tech rooms), learning center and student welfare facility.
The Year 7 annex is a fully integrated open plan learning area occupied by the year 7 level. It 'softens' the transition process from primary school and provides a positive learning area.
The school has vast, well kept grounds and gardens. There are many sporting areas including a large oval and multiple courts. The school has a huge gym, with adjacent weights facility and separate change rooms.
The school also has a well-developed auditorium that hosts the accredited drama facility. Students have the opportunity to explore not only the acting side of drama, but also the backstage aspects such as lighting and stage craft. The Drama department hosts a production at a professional theater (the George Jenkins theater) each year. The production is generally spread over one week, containing 3 night time performances and matinées.
The college also has state of the art music facilities who produce many, very talented musicians who are well known and respected through the peninsula. 

</doc>
<doc id="19932022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932022" title="Viva la Diva">
Viva la Diva

Viva la Diva may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19932034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932034" title="Locks on the Canal du Midi">
Locks on the Canal du Midi

Construction.
The Canal du Midi was built between 1666 and 1681 by Pierre-Paul Riquet to provide an inland water route through Southern France between the Atlantic at Bordeaux and the Mediterranean at Sète via the Garonne. The first design for the locks on the canal was a rectangular shape however due to a collapse of a side-wall early in the building program (exactly which lock is not recorded), Riquet modified his plans and rebuilt both existing and new locks with an ovoid chamber. They were typically 11m wide at the midpoint and 6m at the gates with an overall length of 30.5m. Riquet also restricted the maximum rise to 2.9m so whereas previously he would have built one deep lock he instead used intermediate gates creating double, triple and sometimes quadruple chambers. During the Canal du Midi modernisation program of the 1970s several of these multiple chambers were converted into single "deep" locks with concrete side walls.
The lock gates were originally made of oak in the traditional mitre pattern with balance beams and each gate had a single large wooden sluice drawn up by a vertical screw. The introduction of electric and hydraulic systems for both the lifting of the sluices and the opening of the gates has seen the removal of the balance beams and modern gates are of metal construction.
At each lock there is a double-fronted two-storey lock keeper's house upon which is fixed either a cast iron or a masonry sign showing the name of the lock and the name and distance to the adjacent locks in each direction. The locks are still operated by lock keepers and passage is only possible when they are in attendance however on La Nouvelle branch operation by boaters is allowed. The locks are open every day except 1 January, 11 November and 25 December, from 08:00 until 17:30 out of season and 08:00 until 19:00 in the summer peak; all locks are closed 12:30 – 13:30 for lunch.
Profile.
At its western end, Toulouse, the canal is at an altitude of and climbs to at its summit level between Ocean Lock and Mediterranee Lock west of Castelnaudary before dropping down to sea level at Sète. 
The graph shows the profile of the Canal du Midi from Toulouse (1), through the summit of the canal at Seuil de Naurouze (2), Castelnaudary (3), then Carcassonne (4) and Trèbes (5). The channel continues to Béziers just after Fonsérannes Lock (6), and then on to Agde (7) before flowing in to the Bassin de Thau at Sète (8). 
At , Naurouze is the highest point of the canal with a drop of between the summit and Toulouse and between the summit and Sète. The longest pound is between Argens Lock (Aude) and the Fonsérannes Lock (Hérault) while the shortest reach is between two locks at Fresquel.
Locks.
The following list numbers the locks from the Canal lateral a la Garonne in the west to the Bassin du Thau in the east. Staircase locks are listed as a single entity but the number of individual chambers in the flight is noted. Travelling west to east from Toulouse to Sète the locks numbered 1–18 are ascending and 19–86 are descending.

</doc>
<doc id="19932035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932035" title="Yardley Wood">
Yardley Wood

Yardley Wood is an area of Birmingham, United Kingdom, covering the eastern-most quadrant of postcode area B14 (as well as Priory Rd and adjacent streets up to the city boundary), and is located within the ward of Billesley to the south of the city.
To the west the area is contiguous with Warstock.
Other nearby settlements include Billesley, Hall Green, Solihull Lodge, Highter's Heath and Kings Heath.
Yardley Wood is remote from the Birmingham suburb of Yardley which is located to the east of the city.
Transport.
The area is served by Yardley Wood railway station, despite the station being located just inside the Hall Green (B28 postcode) area, as well as by the following bus routes:
Additionally bus route 76 (QE Hospital to Solihull) serves the railway station. All these bus services are run by National Express West Midlands who have a large depot in Yardley Wood.
Education.
Local schools include Yardley Wood Primary School, plus Highters Heath Community School (on the border with Warstock) and Our Lady of Loudes RC Primary School (on the border with Billesley).
Yardley Wood library is located on Highfield Road.

</doc>
<doc id="19932036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932036" title="Shovel Hodge">
Shovel Hodge

Clarence Clement "Shovel" Hodge (July 6, 1893 to December 31, 1967), was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played from to with the Chicago White Sox. He batted left and threw right-handed. Hodge had a 14-15 record with a 5.17 ERA, in 75 career games, in his three year career. 
He batted .256 in his career. After his playing days he was an umpire in the Southern League and Alabama State League. He also managed as "Mutt" Hodge in the Alabama-Florida league in 1936, 1950 and 1955.
He was born in Clayton, Alabama and died in Ft. Walton Beach, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="19932048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932048" title="Jalan Cheeding">
Jalan Cheeding

Jalan Cheeding (Selangor state route ) is a major road in Selangor, Malaysia

</doc>
<doc id="19932051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932051" title="Aidan Power">
Aidan Power

Aidan Power (born 30 March 1979) is an Irish television and radio presenter.
Career.
Power was educated at St. Mac Dara's community college and then Ballyfermot Senior College where he obtained a diploma in broadcasting and journalism in 1998. He began his career as a DJ and presented West Dublin Community Radio alongside reporting for RTÉ's daytime show "12-2-1".
Subsequently Power worked as a presenter on a variety of shows such as "Open House" and "The Den". In 2003, he left RTÉ and joined Nickelodeon as anchor presenter on their daily show "NickL8R", but he left this show in 2004 to concentrate on co-presenting "The Cafe" with Laura Woods, until October 2008 when he became the show's sole presenter. In September 2005, he became the face of "TTV" until July 2007. In September 2007, he co-presented one series of "Class Act" with Síle Seoige. He hosted "Celebrities Go Wild" with Anna Nolan in October 2007 In September 2008, he began co-presenting ' with Kathryn Thomas. He quit ' in 2009 to present a behind-the-scenes show of "The All Ireland Talent Show Backstage".
In 2010, he started presenting "SuperCrew" on TRTE, and he began working on "Celebrity Bainisteoir". He also presented the "98fm Morning Crew" show with Clare Solan until the end of September 2012. A man called Ray Foley came along and replaced him on his radio show on 98FM. Power admitted he wasn't too bothered by this development.
Power presented "Superbloopers" with Zig and Zag on RTÉ over the 2011 Christmas season, and again during 2012.
On 13 April 2013 Aidan staked his claim to be the next Bill O'Herlihy when he presented Sligo Rovers versus Cork City in a high profile league of Ireland game on RTE2. Despite this being his first time to ever see a League of Ireland match he effortlessly read his script while discussing the talking points of the game.
Power co-hosted the first series of the Irish songwriting competition, The Hit with Nicky Byrne.
Notable incident.
Power was surprised on 23 October 2008 when wrestling superstars Joe Legend and Scotty Too Hotty came in to talk about the wrestling events around Ireland but in a strange turn of events ended up taking on Power and trashing the Cafe. Power later admitted this was the highlight of his broadcasting career.

</doc>
<doc id="19932056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932056" title="Stenotrema florida">
Stenotrema florida

Stenotrema florida, common name the Apalachicola slitmouth, is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae.
The common name refers to Apalachicola, Florida, USA.

</doc>
<doc id="19932057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932057" title="Onde 2000">
Onde 2000

Onde 2000 is a motorcycle racing team previously competing in the 125 cc road racing Grand Prix world championship. The team withdrew from MotoGP after 8 races in the 2009 season due to financial difficulties.
In 2009, the team competed in 6 races under the name Grupo Francisco Hernando Ducati Team and using a Ducati Desmosedici motorcycle.
History.
2008.
The team was officially launched early in 2008, running two bikes in the 125 cc Grand Prix category. The team entered two KTM motorcycles, ridden by Pablo Nieto and Raffaele de Rosa.
2009.
Onde 2000 stepped up to the MotoGP class in 2009 with the Spanish rider Sete Gibernau riding a Ducati Desmosedici. however financial problems restricted them to 6 rounds ending with the US GP with a best result of 11th at the Spanish Grand Prix.

</doc>
<doc id="19932065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932065" title="Australia–South Korea relations">
Australia–South Korea relations

Australia – South Korea relations are foreign relations between the Australia and South Korea. Both countries established diplomatic relations in May 1963. 
Australia and South Korea are trading partners in the Asia Pacific region. South Korea and Australia have a relationship that has reached very high ground in the last few years. South Korea has an embassy in Canberra and Australia has an embassy in Seoul. In Australia the population of people of Korean origin is about 150,873 mainly in Sydney and Melbourne. Australia also sent 17,000 troops to Korea during the Korean War which was to defend South Korea.
Relations between 1884-1950.
South Korea had little contact with Australia in these times. The Australians sent Presbyterian missonaries to Korea in these early times. Many Koreans came to Australia to learn about Christianity. Korea was known to the world as the Hermit Kingdom as they kept their shores from outsiders who wished to trade with them. Korea in 1910 was attacked by Japan to annex it. This is when Korea had lost its title as being called the hermit kingdom.
Korean War relations 1950-53.
When the outbreak of the Korean War had reached across the globe. Australia quickly hurried to aid South Korea. The United States of America helped the Australians and the South Koreans in the war. Australia sent 17,000 troops to South Korea. Robert Menzies was Prime Minister at the time. In 1950 South Korean people were overjoyed to see the Americans and the Australians interevene. South Korea and Australia relations were growing rapidly. In 1953 Australian troops pulled out of Korea by ceasefire agreement.
Relations today.
South Korea and Australian relations are strong and are continuing to grow. Today South Korea and Australia share a very friendly and very healthy relationship. Both countries are emerging economies in the Asia Pacific region. Both are in Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation. In 2000 Kim Dae Jung came to Canberra. In 2009 Korean President Lee Myung Bak visited Kevin Rudd in Canberra. The outcome of the meeting was very positive. Australia and South Korea officially declared a security pact. Similar to the one Australia has with Japan. They also talked about future cooperation and a Free Trade Agreement. South Korean people still thank Australia for the help in their time of need. South Korean people believe Australia is a very important partner in the region.
Korean Australian.
Korean Australian is a person who has migrated from South Korea to Australia. Today Australia has the sixth biggest Korean community outside of Korea. Korean Australians number about 150,873 persons of Korean origin. The migration began in the 1970s and is still continuing the growth. In Australia according to MOFAT statistics 3348 Korean adoptees live in Australia. Since late 1980s many Korean Australians come in under the business category required for economic growth. The Korean Australian population is a young population. There are also many Koreans studying in Australian Universities and schools. There is Korean populations in all capital cities. Most Koreans in Australia live in Sydney and Melbourne. Koreans in Australia have reached high standards in schooling, work and sport in Australia. AFL player Peter F. Bell who played for Fremantle Football club and North Melbourne Football Club is of Korean origin.

</doc>
<doc id="19932068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932068" title="Hans Malkomes">
Hans Malkomes

Hans Malkomes (15 November 1913 — 21 March 1945) was a Hauptsturmführer (Captain) in the Waffen-SS he was born in Bremen, Germany on 15 November 1913. He graduated "SS Junkerschule" at Braunschweig in 1936 with the SS Number 164 526 and the NSDAP number 2 570 587 and was posted to the Leibstandarte SS Adolf Hitler and took command of a platoon in the 14th Company "LSSAH". In November 1942 he was transferred to command a platoon in the 4th Company, 1st SS Pioneer Battalion "LSSAH" and then finally in 1943 he was transferred to command the 2nd Company, SS Panzer Regiment 1 "LSSAH". It was while in command of this company that he was awarded the German Cross in Gold (June 1944) and the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (October 1944).
Malkomes was killed in action in March 1945 at Veszprém, Hungary.
He is buried in the Mattersburg war grave cemetery block 10 row 2.

</doc>
<doc id="19932076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932076" title="Homps Lock">
Homps Lock

Homps Lock is a single chamber lock on the Canal du Midi. It lies east of the small town of Homps in the Aude region of Languedoc, France. The adjacent locks are Ognon Lock 689 metres to the east and Jouarres Lock 3688 metres to the west.

</doc>
<doc id="19932080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932080" title="Rabindrah Ghurburrun">
Rabindrah Ghurburrun

Sir Rabindrah Ghurburrun (1928–2008) was the Vice President of Mauritius from 1992 to 1997. He started his political career as a member of the Mauritius Labour Party. However, he was appointed by the Mauritian Militant Movement-Militant Socialist Movement coalition government as Vice President while the Labour Party was in the opposition.
A lawyer by profession, he studied at the University of Oxford.
He died at the age of 79 in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="19932093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932093" title="1995–96 United States network television schedule (late night)">
1995–96 United States network television schedule (late night)

These are the late night Monday-Friday schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 1995. All times are Eastern/Pacific.
Talk/variety shows are highlighted in yellow, network news programs in gold, and local news & programs are highlighted in white background.

</doc>
<doc id="19932103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932103" title="1996–97 United States network television schedule (late night)">
1996–97 United States network television schedule (late night)

These are the late night Monday-Friday schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 1996. All times are Eastern/Pacific.
Talk/variety shows are highlighted in yellow, network news programs in gold, and local news & programs are highlighted in white background.

</doc>
<doc id="19932108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932108" title="1997–98 United States network television schedule (late night)">
1997–98 United States network television schedule (late night)

These are the late night Monday-Friday schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 1997. All times are Eastern/Pacific.
Talk/variety shows are highlighted in yellow, network news programs in gold, and local news & programs are highlighted in white background.

</doc>
<doc id="19932109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932109" title="List of Mexican British people">
List of Mexican British people

This is a list of notable Mexican British people, including Mexican immigrants to the UK and British born people of Mexican origin with at least one Mexican parent:

</doc>
<doc id="19932121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932121" title="Pakistanis in the Netherlands">
Pakistanis in the Netherlands

Pakistanis in the Netherlands formed a population of 35,000 individuals , according to the statistics of Pakistan's Ministry of Foreign Affairs. However, the figures of the Netherlands' Centraal Bureau voor de Statistiek showed only 17,990 persons of Pakistani origin (persons born in Pakistan or with at least one parent born there) that year. Their most updated data for 2011 show 19,408 persons of Pakistani origin, little increase from the 2004 number.

</doc>
<doc id="19932123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932123" title="Purton, Lydney">
Purton, Lydney

Purton is a hamlet on the west bank of the River Severn, in the civil parish of Lydney in Gloucestershire, England. It lies opposite the village of Purton on the east bank of the river.
The name of the place derives from the Old English "pirige tun", meaning "pear orchard". It was mentioned in the Domesday Book.
Purton was a small port, and there was a ferry across the river to the other Purton by 1282. In the late 18th and early 19th century, there was also a ford across the river here. The ferry, known as Purton Passage, continued in use until 1879, when it was replaced by the Severn Railway Bridge.
Purton Manor, which stands on a cliff overlooking the Severn, dates back to the 16th century.

</doc>
<doc id="19932127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932127" title="1998–99 United States network television schedule (late night)">
1998–99 United States network television schedule (late night)

These are the late night Monday-Friday schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 1998. All times are Eastern/Pacific.
Talk/variety shows are highlighted in yellow, network news programs in gold, and local news & programs are highlighted in white background.

</doc>
<doc id="19932128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932128" title="Ognon Lock">
Ognon Lock

Ognon Lock is a double chamber lock on the Canal du Midi in the Aude region of Languedoc, France. The adjacent locks are Pechlaurier Lock 2726 metres to the east and Homps Lock 689 metres to the west.

</doc>
<doc id="19932129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932129" title="William Terry Couch">
William Terry Couch

William Terry Couch (1901–1989) was a U.S. intellectual and academic editor, known primarily for his work as director of the University of Chicago Press in the 1940s, and his work as Editor in Chief of Collier's Encyclopedia in the 1950s and 1960s. He also wrote and commented extensively on encyclopedias, their organization and role in modern society and academia. Friends, family and colleagues knew him as Bill Couch.
Biography.
Couch was born in Pamplin City, Virginia in 1901. He was raised in Virginia and North Carolina and settled in Chapel Hill, North Carolina in 1910 (?). He attended the University of North Carolina and after brief military service immediately following World War I, returned to Chapel Hill to work for the University of North Carolina Press where he rose to be the director of the press and therefore a member of the university faculty. His brother, John Couch was also a member of the University of North Carolina Biology Department faculty. In 1943 (?), Couch was hired by the University of Chicago to direct its press under then Chancellor Robert Maynard Hutchins. He was subsequently dismissed from that position in 1949 after a significant public academic controversy over the publication of Morton Grodzin's book "Americans Betrayed". Couch had published the book after refusing Hutchins's request to suppress the manuscript. He subsequently was hired as Editor and Chief of Collier's Encyclopedia, a position he held until 1969 (?) when he retired and moved back to Chapel Hill.
Couch married Elizabeth Calvert in 1925 (?) and had two children, Elizabeth and Jane.
He died in 1989 in Charlottesville, Virginia after a prolonged illness.

</doc>
<doc id="19932136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932136" title="CD Llanes">
CD Llanes

Club Deportivo Llanes is a football team based in Llanes in the autonomous community of Asturias. Founded in 1949, the team plays in Tercera División – Group 2. The club's home ground is "San José", which has a capacity of 2,000 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="19932140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932140" title="1999–2000 United States network television schedule (late night)">
1999–2000 United States network television schedule (late night)

These are the late night Monday-Friday schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 1999. All times are Eastern/Pacific.
Talk/variety shows are highlighted in yellow, network news programs in gold, local news & programs are highlighted in white background.

</doc>
<doc id="19932143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932143" title="Mount Olive Tribune">
Mount Olive Tribune

The Mount Olive Tribune is a weekly newspaper based in Mount Olive, North Carolina covering Southern Wayne and Northern Duplin Counties.
<br clear=right>

</doc>
<doc id="19932147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932147" title="Pechlaurier Lock">
Pechlaurier Lock

Pechlaurier Lock is a double chamber lock on the Canal du Midi in the Aude region of Languedoc, France. The adjacent locks are Argens Lock 2485 metres to the east and Ognon Lock 2726 metres to the west.

</doc>
<doc id="19932153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932153" title="2000–01 United States network television schedule (late night)">
2000–01 United States network television schedule (late night)

These are the late night Monday-Friday schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 2000. All times are Eastern/Pacific.
Talk/variety shows are highlighted in yellow, network news programs in gold, and local news & programs are highlighted with a white background.

</doc>
<doc id="19932154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932154" title="The Return of Clint the Stranger">
The Return of Clint the Stranger

The Return of Clint the Stranger (aka There's a Noose Waiting for You Trinity!, , ) is a 1972 Italian-Spanish Western film directed by Alfonso Balcázar and starring Klaus Kinski. 
Releases.
Wild East released this an a limited edition R0 NTSC DVD alongside the first film "Clint the Nevada's Loner".

</doc>
<doc id="19932155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932155" title="Gwaneumsan">
Gwaneumsan

Gwaneumsan is a mountain in the city of Pocheon, Gyeonggi-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="19932163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932163" title="Hajla">
Hajla

Hajla (Montenegrin and Bosnian: Хајла, "Hajla"; or "Hajla") is a mountain located between Kosovo and Montenegro. It has several peaks that reach over , the highest having which is also called Hajla. In its northern slopes, the river Ibar originates, and to its southern slopes is the origin of the Pećka Bistrica river. Hajla is also the highest mountain in the northern part of the Prokletije. In Kosovo, Hajla forms part of the long Rugova Canyon. The nearest city to Hajla is Rožaje, in Montenegro.
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:

</doc>
<doc id="19932168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932168" title="Argens Lock">
Argens Lock

Argens Lock is a single chamber lock on the Canal du Midi. It lies east of the small town of Argens in the Aude region of Languedoc, France. The adjacent locks are Fonserannes Lock 53,868 metres to the east and Pechlaurier Lock 2485 metres to the west.

</doc>
<doc id="19932175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932175" title="2001–02 United States network television schedule (late night)">
2001–02 United States network television schedule (late night)

These are the late night Monday-Friday schedules on all three networks for each calendar season beginning September 2001. All times are Eastern/Pacific.
Talk/variety shows are highlighted in yellow, network news programs in gold, and local news & programs are highlighted with a white background.

</doc>
<doc id="19932179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932179" title="Trevelyan Thomson">
Trevelyan Thomson

(Walter) Trevelyan Thomson (30 April 1875 – 8 February 1928) was a British Liberal Member of Parliament, iron and steel merchant and soldier.
Family and education.
Trevelyan Thomson (he rarely used his first name of Walter) was born in Stockton on Tees, the son of an iron founder and merchant. He was educated in the Quaker tradition at The Friends’ School, Ackworth in the West Riding of Yorkshire and The Friends’ School, Bootham in York. He joined his father in business as iron and steel merchants in Albert Road, Middlesbrough. In 1907 he married Hilda Mary Tolley, the daughter of a minister of religion from London. They had one son and a daughter.
Retreat from Quakerism and the Great War.
Thomson was a birthright Friend claiming Quaker connections back to the days of George Fox. In 1914 he seemed a model Quaker citizen but the Middlesbrough Society of Friends took a strong anti-war stand in 1914 on the basis of the traditional Quaker belief that no war can be defended and Thomson dissented from this position, tendering his resignation from the Society. Thomson was too old to join up at the start of the war but he helped the military by encouraging recruiting. While individuals joining the armed forces might be tolerated by the Quakers, a member of the religion actively encouraging others to enlist while still publicly holding a position in the Society was too much and the Quakers disowned him. Although his membership was later restored, he rejected his re-instatement and resigned from the Society of Friends. By 1917 the army had relaxed its age rules for volunteers so Thomson enlisted in the Royal Engineers. He served overseas reaching the rank of Sergeant but there was to be no reconciliation with the Society of Friends after the War ended.
Local politics.
Thomson had become an established and respected Middlesbrough businessman and like so many other Victorian and Edwardian successes, he wished to serve his community and his ambition through politics. He was an elected member of Middlesbrough County Borough Council in 1904 and served until his death in 1928. He was also a Justice of Peace.
Member of Parliament.
Thomson graduated to Parliamentary politics at the end of the First World War. At the 1918 general election, the still serving Sergeant Thomson stood for election in Middlesbrough West. There is disagreement as to his party affiliation. In "The Times House of Commons, 1919" he was described as a Coalition Liberal although it seems unlikely that he received the government coupon. He certainly had no Conservative opponent but he may have identified with the coalition because it had successfully prosecuted the war in which he had just served. In other sources he is described simply as a Liberal. He defeated his Labour opponent by 10,958 votes to 5,350 – a majority of 5,608. At the 1922 general election Thomson faced a National Liberal candidate, i.e. one supporting the outgoing coalition prime minister David Lloyd George but again won comfortably by 16,811 votes to 7,422 - a majority of 9,389. At the general election the following year Thomson again faced no Tory candidate and easily beat his Labour opponent by 16,837 votes to 7,413 – a majority of 9,424.
The 1924 general election.
Thomson held his seat in the 1924 election because he was one of only a few Liberal MPs to establish a considerable personal following with his local electorate and he was well known for his many Parliamentary interventions, questions to ministers and contributions to debate in the House of Commons. While the Liberal Party nationally was experiencing electoral meltdown, Thomson enjoyed the luxury of being returned unopposed. There was a rumour circulating after the election that Thomson was to be asked to stand down and cause a by-election in Middlesbrough to make way for a return to the Commons by H H Asquith, who had lost his seat at Paisley. Thomson certainly made a hasty trip down to London immediately after the election for political meetings but he denied he had been asked to stand aside and no such by-election ever took place. Asquith was made a peer in 1925.
Political position.
Thomson has been described by one historian as a ‘right-wing Liberal who received prolonged Conservative support’ Despite this he did vote with the Labour Party in Parliament from time to time. Significantly these occasions included Labour’s vote of censure against the Tory administration of Stanley Baldwin in July 1925 and the Trades Union Bill in February 1927 with further support for Labour on the intimidation clauses of that Bill in May 1927. He was also in agreement with Asquith’s support of the first Labour government of 1924.
The description of Thomson as a right-winger also seems at odd with his role in December 1924, as a founding member of the Radical Group of Liberal MPs. The Group was formed because Asquith had lost his seat and David Lloyd George had become chair of the Parliamentary Liberal Party in his absence. Thomson had voted against Lloyd George for this post. The Radical MPs did not think Lloyd George to be reliable because of his past coalitions with the Tories. They associated themselves publicly with the proposals to support social reform and international peace. Clearly the Radical Group were no closet friends of the Conservative Party or of Baldwin’s administration, their resolution establishing the group plainly declaring the Liberal Party to be in Parliamentary opposition to the government in the House of Commons.
Death.
Thomson died at nursing home in London aged 52 on 8 February 1928 having collapsed following a severe operation a week earlier. His health had been poor for a while. In November 1926 he had to decline the offer of being an assistant Liberal Whip for reasons of ill health and he underwent an operation in 1927. Thomson was a personal friend of the Reverend P B Clayton who founded the organisation Toc H and Clayton took part in Thomson’s memorial service at St. Margaret’s Church, Westminster.

</doc>
<doc id="19932198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932198" title="Accidents Happen">
Accidents Happen

Accidents Happen is a 2010 Australian coming of age comedy drama film directed by Andrew Lancaster and starring Geena Davis, Harrison Gilbertson, Sebastian Gregory, Harry Cook, Joel Tobeck and Sarah Woods. Written by Brian Carbee, based on his own childhood and adolescence, the story revolves around an accident-prone teenage boy and his family. The film was shot in Sydney, New South Wales over June – July 2008, and opened in Australia on 22 April 2010.
Plot.
In 1974, the Conway family are at a drive-in theater in Connecticut watching The Three Stooges. The parents are Gloria (Geena Davis), a foul mouthed and strict mother who would always take responsibility over the family, Ray (Joel Tobeck), an easy going father, and siblings Linda, Gene, Larry (Harry Cook) and Billy (Harrison Gilbertson) who is an accident-prone child. In the meantime, the Conway's neighbor, Douglas "Doug" Post (Sebastian Gregory), to whom Gloria hates and often calls him names because he is the one who causes problems that could be offensive towards the family, drives by on his bike and Gene leads him up to the top of the drive-in screen. Gene then urinates out of the screen and while an infuriated Gloria trips as she approaches the screen, the police are dispatched to handle the situation as the horns of infuriated and confused guests are heard honking at Gene and Doug. While driving back home, the argument over the incident causes their car to collide with a pick up truck during a rainy night. Although Gloria, Ray, Billy, Larry and Doug only suffer minor injuries, Linda is killed and Gene is severely injured with severe brain damage (that could be fatal in a matter of years) and is left paralyzed from the head down.
In 1982, 8 years after the accident, Ray is divorced and there are more problems not only concerning about Doug, but also about Gene's severe condition as he could die in any day or any month. 15-year-old Billy is still friends with Doug even after the accident. One night, an argument over a TV dinner (with turkey) causes Larry, now a belligerent alcoholic, to throw the dinner at Billy, injuring his back. When Doug overhears whats going on, he intervenes and gets into a short scuffle with Larry. After streaking and robbing a convenience store, Billy and Doug are playing when he causes an almighty crash with a bowling ball and a moving car, actually killing Doug's father by accident. Just a few days after the incident, Larry's non-stop harassment causes Billy to fight against his older brother, and when Gloria breaks up the scuffle and discovers a gauze on Billy's back (when Larry deliberately threw the TV dinner at his brother, and on the newspapers regarding the robbery that Billy was wearing the gauze), Larry tells her that it was Billy and Doug who went streaking and stealing things. As a result, an infuriated Gloria threatens to have Billy's former father take him away along with Larry and is told that he will not see Doug again; if Billy does see Doug again, trouble will be on Billy's way if that rule was violated. Although she knows what Billy and Doug did, Gloria does not know what really happened at the car crash. 
When Doug receives a mistaken note that his father committed suicide and that the insurance company does not pay for suicide, they decide that it is time to confess to the police of what really happened. When Billy tells this to Gloria, she describes him as a selfish son and she slaps him across the face in disbelief and breaks down in tears. As the police interrogate Billy and Doug, the family receive word that Gene had finally passed away. It is implied that when Doug attended Gene's funeral, Gloria had forgiven him for what happened. The movie ends when Billy takes the bowling ball that was found after the fatal accident and roles it down the sidewalk as Billy looks on.
Production.
American-born screenwriter Brian Carbee wrote "Accidents Happen" based on his childhood in 1980s Connecticut, changing his own name to "Billy Conway". He had previously performed in a one person show titled "In Search of Mike", which director Andrew Lancaster saw and asked Carbee if he would adapt the show to a short film. Carbee subsequently wrote a novel which served as the basis for his "Accidents Happen" screenplay. He developed the screenplay through the prestigious Aurora Script Workshop in Sydney, where producer Anthony Anderson had worked and collaborated on his 2004 film "Somersault". In 2004, the completed script was nominated for an Australian Inside Film Award for Best Unproduced Screenplay, but it took a further three years to gather finances for the project. Anderson, Carbee and Lancaster successfully applied for funding from Screen Australia on two occasions; they were granted A$18,000 in May 2003 to fund drafts of the script, and $50,000 in November 2007. In September 2005, Anderson traveled to New York City with three other Australian producers to meet with investors at No Borders Co-Production Market, a division of the Independent Feature Project Market in which filmmakers attempt to secure financing for their projects. The film was the first production from the Abacus Film Fund, co-founded by producer Heather Ogilvie and corporate advisers BG Capital Corporation. British production company Bankside Films of London also assisted in raising finances and is handling all international sales of the film. The filmmakers received a 40% rebate on all production costs from Screen Australia. Davis was the only American actor to be cast, in spite of the story's American setting; the rest of the cast is Australian, with feigned American accents.
"Accidents Happen" was originally intended to be filmed in Connecticut, where it is set, but production remained in Australia, where the script had been written, because finances were easier to raise than in the United States. Filming was slated to begin in April 2008 but was delayed until June. Lancaster said that he did "a huge amount of technical preparation" before filming began so that, on the set, he could focus his directing on the actors' performances since the cast was largely inexperienced. Principal photography commenced in early June with scenes shot on a built set at Sydney's Fox Studios. Most filming took place in and around Kuringgai, first on Gillian Parade in West Pymble for a week in late June and then Lincoln St, St Ives for 1–2 July. Lincoln St residents complained about possible disruptions to Ku-ring-gai Council, starting a petition to have production moved elsewhere, and threatening to play bagpipes and wave lights around during filming if it went on as planned. The council then offered a revised filming schedule, cutting filming down by two days and bringing each day's finishing time forward by an hour to 12.30 am, and the producers offered some residents a $500 payment to cover any inconveniences. Filming of the story's integral car crash scene was relocated to another street after the discord.
Release.
Select footage of "Accidents Happen" was screened to potential distributors at the 2008 Toronto International Film Festival and was shown at the American Film Market in November 2008. The final cut of the film had its world premiere on 23 April 2009 at the Tribeca Film Festival and was screened in June 2009 at the Sydney Film Festival. It was shown in October 2009 at the Branchage Jersey Film Festival, the Cinéma des Antipodes festival and the Sitges Film Festival.
Box office.
"Accidents Happen" took $157,131 at the box office in Australia.
Reception.
Rotten Tomatoes, a review aggregator, reports that 56% of nine surveyed critics gave the film a positive review; the average rating was 5.5/10. Russell Edwards of "Variety" wrote, "John Irving-style mishaps and labored irony fail to maintain drama or coherence in "Accidents Happen", an Australian-made, faux-American dysfunctional-family black comedy."

</doc>
<doc id="19932202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932202" title="Gwangdeoksan (Gangwon/Gyeonggi)">
Gwangdeoksan (Gangwon/Gyeonggi)

Gwangdeoksan is a mountain on the boundary between the provinces of Gangwon-do and Gyeonggi-do in South Korea. Its area extends across the city of Pocheon and the counties of Hwacheon and Cheorwon. Gwangdeoksan has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="19932205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932205" title="Mountain Times">
Mountain Times

Mountain Times is a weekly newspaper based in Boone, North Carolina covering Watauga, Ashe, Avery Counties.The newspaper placed first in 2000 and 2nd in 2002 in the National Newspaper Association's Better Newspaper Contest and 1st in the North Carolina Press Association's best website in 2003.
Founded in 1978 by Ken Ketchie and Ellen Foster (aka Misty Foster), the Mountain Times began life as the Sundown Times. As the Business Manager and co-founder, Ms. Foster started the advertising section of the paper and initiated the student internship program with Appalachian State University, a program which is still in existence today. It was through funding from Ms. Foster and her family that launched the Mountain Times. The first issues were created in Misty's living room in Blowing Rock. Ken Ketchie and several of the volunteers would drive the "draft paper" to the Lenoir News Topic to be printed and on a weekly basis it was distributed as a free paper to the local community.
Ken Ketchie would later sell the Mountain Times brand to Jones Media, owners of the Watauga Democrat, in 2002. Ken Ketchie in this process mis-represented his intentions to sell the paper. Ken Ketchie and Misty Foster were the original founders of the Sundown Times with Ken owning 51% and Misty owning 49%. They released a small amount of ownership stock to several other members including Noel Todd did receive a small payment upon the sale of the paper.
Ken and Misty first met while working at Catherine's Cheese house and restaurant in Blowing Rock in the summer of 1978. They had just finished school and working summer jobs. It was here that Ken approached Misty with the idea of creating a new paper. They met often during those summer months and developed the framework for what the paper is today. They understood that the Appalachian University students and the year-round visitors to the mountains were a missing audience. It was through their love of the community, the mountains, and a desire to incorporate unconnected groups and communities that spawned the Mountain Times. It was a combined idea that came together with a group of volunteers who had a passion and a vision.
In the beginning there were four members of the group with Ken and Misty as the founding members. Misty approached her roommate Noel Todd (McLaughlin)to join as editor and contributing writer. Noel's background was English and Communications while Misty's background was Industrial Arts, Advertising, and Marketing. Ken moved into the role of the entrepreneur and negotiated the leases, secured the equipment, and developed the business contracts. It was during these initial months that Ken and Misty formalized their agreement and level of ownership. When funding was needed Misty provided the initial $1,000 of seed money for launch. The funding allowed the Mountain Times acquire offices in Blowing Rock and purchase their first IBM Selectric Typewriter. As often the case with start-ups, when money was tight, Ken would put the typewriter in the trunk of his car to avoid IBM collections at the door.
In less than a year, The Mountain Times started to become better known as a start-up and competition to the Watauga Democrat. It was a free paper with the local establishments and citizens anticipating the weekly paper. The paper published events in multiple counties, it included the ski resorts and schedules, all upcoming summer events including dates and locations, activities of the University including the local Boone and Blowing Rock news. It eventually expanded to include domestic news and published seasonal issues.
Six months into its creation, the paper required additional staffing. They needed writers, editors, artists, and volunteers for distribution. The paper continued to be printed in Lenoir every week as the Watauga Democrat turned down the request to print locally. It was during this time the Misty developed the idea of setting up an internship with the University and met with the President of the school to present the internship concept. The internship allowed students to receive up to 3 hours of credit in exchange for services rendered to the paper. It was a win for everyone and the paper started to take-off. Ken and Misty knew once the banks and local stores started to adverstise with the paper that they finally had broken through the stone-walling that had been occurring. The paper still known as the Sundown Times would change the name to the Mountain Times several years later.

</doc>
<doc id="19932216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932216" title="List of UEFA Women's Cup and Women's Champions League winners">
List of UEFA Women's Cup and Women's Champions League winners

The UEFA Women's Champions League is a women's association football competition established in 2001. It is the only international competition for European women's football clubs. The competition is open to the league champions of all UEFA member associations who run such championships; 46 of UEFA's 53 member associations have entered. The top eight associations may enter two teams, and the title holder is also entitled to an additional spot if they do not qualify through their domestic league. The first final was held in a single match final. Between 2003 and 2009, the final was contested in two legs, one at each participating club's home, but the single match was reinstated in 2010. The competition was known as "UEFA Women's Cup" until 2009.
German side 1. FFC Frankfurt holds the record with three titles while Swedish side Umeå IK is the only team that has retained the title by winning in 2003 and 2004. Umeå also holds the distinction of losing the final the most times with three final losses. Germany is the most successful member association with six titles. Turbine Potsdam won the most recent tournament, in 2010, after beating Lyon in a penalty shootout.

</doc>
<doc id="19932217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932217" title="Five on the Floor">
Five on the Floor

Five on the Floor is the fourth studio album released by the Filipino alternative rock band Sandwich in 2006. The album contains the singles "Sugod" (which was inspired by Juan Dela Cruz Band's "Kahit Anong Mangyari"), "Sunburn", "DVDX" and "Walang Kadala-Dala". This is the first album without Marc Abaya as lead vocalist of the band and the first featuring Mong Alcaraz as guitarist. The title of the album is a pun on the "four on the floor" disco beat.

</doc>
<doc id="19932218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932218" title="Glyptostoma gabrielense">
Glyptostoma gabrielense

Glyptostoma gabrielense is a species of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Megomphicidae. 

</doc>
