<doc id="19932220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932220" title="History of labour law in the United Kingdom">
History of labour law in the United Kingdom

The history of labour law in the United Kingdom concerns the development of UK labour law, from its roots in Roman and medieval times in the British Isles up to the present. Before the Industrial Revolution and the introduction of mechanised manufacture, regulation of workplace relations was based on status, rather than contract or mediation through a system of trade unions. Serfdom was the prevailing status of the mass of people, except where artisans in towns could gain a measure of self-regulation through guilds. In 1740 save for the fly-shuttle the loom was as it had been since weaving had begun. The law of the land was, under the Act of Apprentices 1563, that wages in each district should be assessed by Justices of the Peace. From the middle of the 19th century, through Acts such as the Master and Servant Act 1867 and the Employers and Workmen Act 1875, there became growing recognition that greater protection was needed to promote the health and safety of workers, as well as preventing unfair practices in wage contracts.
Anglo-Saxon England.
Of the main conditions of industrial labour in early Anglo-Saxon England details are scanty. Monastic industrial communities were added in Christian times to village industrial communities. While generally husbandry was the first object of toil, and developed under elaborate regulation in the manorial system, still a considerable variety of industries grew up, the aim being expressly to make each social group self-sufficing, and to protect and regulate village artisans in the interest of village resources. This protective system, resting on a communal or co-operative view of labour and social life, has been compared as analogous to the much later and wider system under which the main purpose was to keep England as a whole self-sufficing.
Medieval England.
It has also been shown how greatly a fresh spirit of enterprise in industry and trade was stimulated first by the Danish and next by the Norman invasion; the former brought in a vigour shown in growth of villages, increase in number of freemen, and formation of trading towns; the latter especially opened up new communications with the most civilised continental people, and was followed by a considerable immigration of artisans, particularly of Flemings. In Saxon England slavery in the strictest sense existed, as is shown in the earliest English laws, but it seems that the true slave class as distinct from the serf class was comparatively small, and it may well be that the labour of an ordinary serf was not practically more severe, and the remuneration in maintenance and kind not much less than that of agricultural labourers in recent times. In spite of the steady protest of the Church, slavery (as the exception, not the general rule) did not die out for many centuries, and was apt to be revived as a punishment for criminals, e.g. in the fierce provisions of the statute of Edward VI against beggars, not repealed until 1597. At no time, however, was it general, and as the larger village and city populations grew the ratio of serfs and slaves to the freemen in the whole population rapidly diminished, for the city populations "had not the habit and use of slavery," and while serfs might sometimes find a refuge in the cities from exceptionally severe taskmasters," there is no doubt that freemen gradually united with them under the lord's protection, that strangers engaged in trade sojourned among them, and that a race of artisans gradually grew up in which original class feelings were greatly modified."
From these conditions grew two parallel tendencies in regulation of labour. On the one hand there was, under royal charters, the burgh or municipal organisation and control of artisan and craft labour, passing later into the more specialised organisation in craft guilds; on the other hand, there was a necessity, sometimes acute, to prevent undue diminution in the numbers available for husbandry or agricultural labour. To the latter cause must be traced a provision appearing in a succession of statutes (see especially an act of Richard II., 1388), that a child under twelve years once employed in agriculture might never be transferred to apprenticeship in a craft. The steady development of England, first as a woolgrowing, later as a cloth-producing country, would accentuate this difficulty. During the 13th century, side by side with development of trading companies for the export of wool from England, may be noted many agreements on the part of monasteries to sell their wool to Florentines, and during the same century absorption of alien artisans into the municipal system was practically completed. Charters of Henry I. provided for naturalisation of these aliens.
Trend towards statute law.
From the time of Edward I to Edward III a gradual transference of burgh customs, so far as recognised for the common good, to statute law was in progress, together with an assertion of the rights of the Crown against ecclesiastical orders. The Statutes of Edward I, says Dr. Cunningham, "mark the first attempt to deal with Industry and Trade as a public matter which concerns the whole state, not as the particular affair of leading men in each separate locality." The first direct legislation for labour by statute, however, is not earlier than the twenty-third year of the reign of Edward III., and it arose in an attempt to control the decay and ruin, both in rural and urban districts, which followed the Hundred Years' War, and the pestilence known as the Black Death. This first Statute of Labourers was designed for the benefit of the community, not for the protection of labour or prevention of oppression, and the policy of enforcing customary wages and compelling the able-bodied labourer, whether free or bond, not living in merchandise or exercising any craft, to work for hire at recognised rates of pay, must be reviewed in the circumstances and ideals of the time.
Regulation generally in the Middle Ages aimed at preventing any individual or section of the community from making what was considered an exceptional profit through the necessity of others. The scarcity of labour by the reduction of the population through pestilence was not admitted as a justification for the demands for increased pay, and while the unemployed labourer was liable to be committed to jail if he refused service at current rates, the lords of the towns or manors who promised or paid more to their servants were liable to be sued treble the sum in question. Similar restrictions were made applicable to artificers and workmen. By another statute, two years later, labourers or artificers who left their work and went into another county were liable to be arrested by the sheriff and brought back. These and similar provisions with similar aims were confirmed by statutes of 1360, 1368 and 1388, but the act of 1360, while prohibiting " all alliances and covins of masons, carpenters, congregations, chapters, ordinances and oaths betwixt them made," allowed " every lord to bargain or covenant for their works in gross with such labourers and artificers when it pleaseth them, so that they perform such works well and lawfully according to the bargain and covenant with them thereof made."
Powers were given by the acts of 1368 and 1388 to justices to determine matters under these statutes and to fix wages. Records show that workmen of various descriptions were pressed by writs addressed to sheriffs to work for their king at wages regardless of their will as to terms and place of work. These proceedings were founded on notions of royal prerogative, of which impressment of seamen survived as an example to a far later date. By an act of 1388 no servant or labourer, man or woman, however, could depart out of the hundred to serve elsewhere unless bearing a letter patent under the king's seal stating the cause of going and time of return. Such provisions would appear to have widely failed in their purpose, for an act of 1414 declares that the servants and labourers fled from county to county, and justices were empowered to send writs to the sheriffs for fugitive labourers as for felons, and to examine labourers, servants and their masters, as well as artificers, and to punish them on confession.
15th century.
An act of 1405, while putting a property qualification on apprenticeship and requiring parents under heavy penalties to put their children to such labour as their estates required, made an exception, giving freedom to any person " to send their children to school to learn literature." Up to the end of the 15th century a monotonous succession of statutes strengthening, modifying, amending the various attempts (since the first Statute of Labourers) to limit free movement of labour, or demands by labourers for increased wages, may be seen in the acts of 1411, 1427, 1444, 1495. It was clearly found extremely difficult, if not impracticable, to carry out the minute control of wages considered desirable, and exceptions in favour of certain occupations were in some of the statutes themselves. In 1512 the penalties for giving wages contrary to law were repealed so far as related to masters, but it also appears that London workmen would not endure the prevalent restrictions as to wages, and that they secured in practice a greater freedom to arrange rates when working within the city. Several of these statutes, and especially one of 1514, fixed the hours of labour when limiting wages. During March to September the limits were 5 a.m. to 7 or 8 p.m., with half an hour off for breakfast and an hour and a half off for midday dinner. In winter the outside limits were fixed by the length of daylight.
Throughout the 15th century the rapidly increasing manufacture of cloth was subject to a regulation which aimed at maintaining the standard of production and prevention of bad workmanship, and the noteworthy statute 4 Edward IV. c. 1, while giving power to royal officers to supervise size of cloths, modes of sealing, etc., also repressed payment to workers in " pins, girdles and unprofitable wares," and ordained payment in true and lawful money. This statute (the first against "truck") gives an interesting picture of the way in which clothiers—or, as we should call them, wholesale merchants and manufacturers—delivered wool to spinners, carders, etc., by weight, and paid for the work when brought back finished. It appears that the work was carried on in rural as well as town districts. While this industry was growing and thriving other trades remained backward, and agriculture was in a depressed condition. Craft guilds had primarily the same purpose as the Edwardian statutes, that is, of securing that the public should be well served with good wares, and that the trade and manufacture itself should be on a sound basis as to quality of products and should flourish. Incidentally there was considerable regulation by the guilds of the conditions of labour, but not primarily in the interests of the labourer. Thus night work was prohibited because it tended to secrecy and so to bad execution of work; working on holidays was prohibited to secure fair play between craftsmen and so on. The position of apprentices was made clear through indentures, but the position of journeymen was less certain. Signs are not wanting of a struggle between journeymen and masters, and towards the end of the 15th century masters themselves, in at least the great wool trade, tended to develop from craftsmen into something more like the modern capitalist employer; from an act of 1555 touching weavers it is quite clear that this development had greatly advanced and that cloth-making was carried on largely by employers with large capitals. Before this, however, while a struggle went on between the town authorities and the craft guilds, journeymen began to form companies of their own, and the result of the various conflicts may be seen in an act of Henry VI, providing that in future new ordinances of guilds shall be submitted to justices of the peace—a measure which was strengthened in 1503.
Renaissance.
A detailed history of labour regulation in the 16th century would include some account of the Tudor laws against vagrancy and methods of dealing with the increase of pauperism, attributable, at least in part, to the Dissolution of the Monasteries under Henry VIII., and to the confiscation of craft guild funds, which proceeded under the Lord Protector Somerset and Edward VI. It is sufficient here to point to the general recognition of the public right to compel labourers to work and thus secure control of unemployed as well as employed. The statutes of Henry VIII. and Edward VI. against vagrancy differed rather in degree of severity than in principle from legislation for similar purposes in previous and subsequent reigns. The Statute of Labourers, passed in the fifth year of Elizabeth I of England's reign (1562), as well as the poor law of the same year, was to a considerable extent both a consolidating and an amending code of law, and was so securely based on public opinion and deeply rooted custom that it was maintained in force for two centuries. It avowedly approves of principles and aims in earlier acts, regulating wages, punishing refusal to work, and preventing free migration of labour. It makes, however, a great advance in its express aim of protecting the poor labourer against insufficient wages, and of devising a machinery, by frequent meeting of justices, which might yield "unto the hired person both in time of scarcity and in time of plenty a convenient proportion of wages." Minute regulations were made governing the contract between master and servant, and their mutual rights and obligations on parallel lines for ("a") artificers, ("b") labourers in husbandry. Hiring was to be by the year, and any unemployed person qualified in either calling was bound to accept service on pain of imprisonment, if required, unless possessed of property of a specified amount or engaged in art, science or letters, or being a " gentleman." Persons leaving a service were bound to obtain a testimonial, and might not be taken into fresh employment without producing such testimonial, or, if in a new district, until after showing it to the authorities of the place. A master might be fined or a labourer imprisoned, and if contumacious, whipped, for breach of this rule. The carefully devised scheme for technical training of apprentices embodied to a considerable extent the methods and experiences of the craft guilds. Hours of labour were as follows: "All artificers and labourers being hired for wages by the day or week shall, betwixt the midst of the months of March and September, be and continue at their work at or before 5 o'clock in the morning and continue at work and not depart until betwixt 7 and 8 o'clock at night, except it be in the time of breakfast, dinner or drinking, the which time at the most shall not exceed two hours and a half in a day, that is to say, at every drinking half an hour, for his dinner one hour and for his sleep when he is allowed to sleep, the which is from the midst of May to the midst of August, half an hour; and all the said artificers and labourers betwixt the midst of September and the midst of March shall be and continue at their work from the spring of the day in the morning until the night of the same day, except it be in time afore appointed for breakfast and dinner, upon pain to lose and forfeit one penny for every hour's absence, to be deducted and defaulted out of his wages that shall so offend." Although the standpoint of the Factory Act and Truck Act in force at the beginning of the 20th century as regards hours of labour or regulation of fines deducted from wages is completely reversed, yet the difference is not great between the average length of hours of labour permissible under the present law for women and those hours imposed upon the adult labourer in Elizabeth's statute. Apart from the standpoint of compulsory imposition of fines, one advantage in the definiteness of amount deductible from wages would appear to lie on the side of the earlier statute.
Three points remain to be touched on in connexion with the Elizabethan poor law. In addition to ("a") consolidation of measures for setting vagrants to work, we find the first compulsory contributions from the well-to-do towards poor relief there provided for, ("b") at least a theoretical recognition of a right as well as an obligation on the part of the labourer to be hired, ("c") careful provision for the apprenticing of destitute children and orphans to a trade.
One provision of considerable interest arose in Scotland, which was nearly a century later in organizing provisions for fixing conditions of hire and wages of workmen, labourers and servants, similar to those consolidated in the Elizabethan Statute of Labourers. In 1617 it was provided (and reaffirmed in 1661) that power should be given to the sheriffs to compel payment of wages, "that servants may be the more willing to obey the ordinance." The difficulties in regulation of compulsory labour in Scotland must, however, have been great, for in 1672 houses of correction were erected for disobedient servants, and masters of these houses were empowered to force them to work and to correct them according to their demerits. While servants in manufacture were compelled to work at reasonable rates they might not enter on a new hire without their previous master's consent.
Industrial Revolution.
Such legislation continued, at least theoretically, in force until the awakening effected by the beginning of the Industrial Revolution—that is, until the combined effects of steady concentration of capital in the hands of employers and expansion of trade, followed closely by an unexampled development of invention in machinery and application of power to its use, xvi. 1 a completely altered the face of industrial England. From time to time, in respect of particular trades, provisions against truck and for payment of wages in current coin, similar to the act of Edward IV. in the woollen industry, were found necessary, and this branch of labour legislation developed through the reigns of Anne and the four Georges until consolidation and amendment were effected, after the completion of the industrial revolution, in the Truck Act 1831. From the close of the 17th century and during the 18th century the legislature is no longer mainly engaged in devising means for compelling labourers and artisans to enter into involuntary service, but rather in regulating the summary powers of justices of the peace in the matter of dispute between masters and servants in relation to contracts and agreements, express or implied, presumed to have been entered into voluntarily on both sides. While the movement to refer labour questions to the jurisdiction of the justices thus gradually developed, the main subject matter for their exercise of jurisdiction in regard to labour also changed, even when theoretically for a time the two sets of powers—such as ("a") moderation of craft guild ordinances and punishment of workers refusing hire, or ("b") fixing scales of wages and enforcement of labour contracts—might be concurrently exercised. Even in an act of George II (1746) for settlement of disputes and differences as to wages or other conditions under a contract of labour, power was retained for the justices, on complaint of the masters of misdemeanour or ill-behaviour on the part of the servant, to discharge the latter from service or to send him to a house of correction " there to be corrected," that is, to be held to hard labour for a term not exceeding a month or to be corrected by whipping. In an act with similar aims of George IV (1823), with a rather wider scope, the power to order corporal punishment, and in 1867 to hard labour, for breach of labour contracts had disappeared, and soon after the middle of the 19th century the right to enforce contracts of labour also disappeared. Then breach of such labour contracts became simply a question of recovery of damages, unless both parties agreed that security for performance of the contract shall be given instead of damages.
While the endeavour to enforce labour apart from a contract died out in the latter end of the 18th century, sentiment for some time had strongly grown in favour of developing early industrial training of children. It appears to have been a special object of charitable and philanthropic endeavour in the 17th century, as well as the 18th, to found houses of industry, in which little children, even under five years of age, might be trained for apprenticeship with employers. Connected as this development was with poor relief, one of its chief aims was to prevent future unemployment and vagrancy by training in habits and knowledge of industry, but not unavowed was another. motive: " from children thus trained up to constant labour we may venture to hope the lowering of its price." 1 The evils and excesses which lay enfolded within such a movement gave the first impulse to the new ventures in labour legislation which are specially the work of the 19th century. Evident as it is " that before the Industrial Revolution very young children were largely employed both in their own homes and as apprentices under the Poor Law," and that " long before Peel's time there were misgivings about the apprenticeship system," still it needed the concentration and prominence of suffering and injury to child life in the factory system to lead to parliamentary intervention.
Early Nineteenth Century.
Health and safety laws.
A serious outbreak of fever in 1784 in cotton mills near Manchester appears to have first drawn widespread and influential public opinion to the overwork of children, under terribly dangerous and insanitary conditions, on which the factory system was then largely being carried on. A local inquiry, chiefly by a group of medical men presided over by Dr Thomas Percival, was instituted by the justices of the peace for Lancashire, and in the forefront of the resulting report stood a recommendation for limitation and control of the working hours of the children. A resolution by the county justices followed, in which they declared their intention in future to refuse
"indentures of parish Apprentices whereby they shall be bound to Owners of Cotton Mills and other works in which children are obliged to work in the night or more than ten hours in the day."
In 1795 the Manchester Board of Health was formed, which, with fuller information, more definitely advised legislation for the regulation of the hours and conditions of labour in factories. In 1802 the Health and Morals of Apprentices Act was passed, which in effect formed the first step towards prevention of injury to and protection of labour in factories. It was directly aimed only at evils of the apprentice system, under which large numbers of pauper children were worked in cotton and woollen mills without education, for excessive hours, under wretched conditions. It did not apply to places employing fewer than twenty persons or three apprentices, and it applied the principle of limitation of hours (to twelve a day) and abolition of night work, as well as educational requirements, only to apprentices. Religious teaching and suitable sleeping accommodation and clothing were provided for in the act, also as regards apprentices. Lime-washing and ventilation provisions applied to all cotton and woollen factories employing more than twenty persons. "Visitors" were to be appointed by county justices for repression of contraventions, and were empowered to
"direct the adoption of such sanitary regulations as they might on advice think proper."
The mills were to be registered by the clerk of the peace, and justices had power to inflict fines of from £2 to for contraventions. Although enforcement of the very limited provisions of the act was in many cases poor or non-existent, in some districts excellent work was done by justices, and in 1803 the West Riding of Yorkshire justices passed a resolution substituting the ten hours' limit for the twelve hours' limit of the act, as a condition of permission for indenturing of apprentices in mills.
Rapid development of the application of steam power to manufacture led to growth of employment of children in populous centres, otherwise than on the apprenticeship system, and before long the evils attendant on this change brought the general question of regulation and protection of child labour in textile factories to the front. The Act of 1819, limited as it was, was a noteworthy step forward, in that it dealt with this wider scope of employment of children in cotton factories, and it is satisfactory to record that it was the outcome of the efforts and practical experiments of a great manufacturer, Robert Owen. Its provisions fell on every point lower than the aims he put forward on his own experience as practicable, and notably in its application only to cotton mills instead of all textile factories. Prohibition of child labour under nine years of age and limitation of the working day to twelve in the twenty-four (without specifying the precise hour of beginning and closing) were the main provisions of this act. No provision was made for enforcement of the law beyond such as was attempted in the act of 1802.
Slight amendments were attempted in the acts of 1825 and 1831, but the first really important factory act was in 1833 applying to textile factories generally, limiting employment of young persons under eighteen years of age, as well as children, prohibiting night work between 8.30 p.m. and "5.30 a.m.," and first providing for "inspectors" to enforce the law. This is the act which was based on the devoted efforts of Michael Sadler, with whose name in this connexion that of Lord Ashley, afterwards Earl of Shaftesbury, was from 1832 associated. The importance of this act lay in its provision for skilled inspection and thus for enforcement of the law by an independent body of men unconnected with the locality in which the manufactures lay, whose specialisation in their work enabled them to acquire information needed for further development of legislation for protection of labour. Their powers were to a certain extent judicial, being assimilated to those possessed by justices; they could administer oaths and make such "rules, regulations and orders" as were necessary for execution of the act, and could hear complaints and impose penalties under the act.
In 1844 a Textile Factory Act modified these extensive inspectoral powers, organizing the service on lines resembling those of our own time, and added provision for certifying surgeons to examine workers under sixteen years of age as to physical fitness for employment and to grant certificates of age and ordinary strength. Hours of labour, by the act of 1833, were limited for children under eleven to 9 a day or 48 in the week, and for young persons under eighteen to 12 a day or 69 in the week. Between 1833 and 1844 the movement in favour of a ten hours' day, which had long been in progress, reached its height in a time of great commercial and industrial distress, but could not be carried into effect until 1847. By the act of 1844 the hours of adult women were first regulated, and were limited (as were already those of "young persons") to 12 a day; children were permitted either to work the same hours on alternate days or "half-time," with compulsory school attendance as a condition of their employment. The aim in thus adjusting the hours of the three classes of workers was to provide for a practical standard working-day. For the first time detailed provisions for health and safety began to make their appearance in the law. Penal compensation for preventible injuries due to unfenced machinery was also provided, and appears to have been the outcome of a discussion by witnesses before the Royal Commission on Labour of Young Persons in Mines and Manufactures in 1841.
From this date, 1841, begin the first attempts at protective legislation for labour in mining. The first Mines Act of 1842 following the terrible revelations of the Royal Commission referred to excluded women and girls from underground working, and limited the employment of boys, excluding from underground working those under ten years, but it was not until 1850 that systematic reporting of fatal accidents and until 1855 that other safeguards for health, life and limb in mines were seriously provided by law. With the exception of regulations against truck there was no protection for the miner before 1842; before 1814 it was not customary to hold inquests on miners killed by accidents in mines. From 1842 onwards considerable interaction in the development of the two sets of acts (mines and factories), as regards special protection against industrial injury o health and limb, took place, both in parliament and in the department (Home Office) administering them.
Another strong influence tending towards ultimate development of scientific protection of health and life in industry began in the work and reports of the series of sanitary commissions and Board of Health reports from 1843 onwards. In 1844 the mines inspector made his first report, but two years later women were still employed to some extent underground. Organised inspection began in 1850, and in 1854 the Select Committee on Accidents adopted a suggestion of the inspectors for legislative extension of the practice of several colliery owners in framing' special safety rules for working in mines.
The Act of 1855 provided seven general rules, relating to ventilation, fencing of disused shafts, proper means for signalling, proper gauges and valve for steam-boiler, indicator and brake for machine lowering and raising; also it provided that detailed special rules submitted by mine-owners to the secretary of state, might, on his approval, have the force of law and be enforceable by penalty.
The Mines Act of 1860, besides extending the law to ironstone mines, following as it did on a series of disastrous accidents and explosions, strengthened some of the provisions for safety. At several inquests strong evidence was given of incompetent management and neglect of rules, and a demand was made for enforcing employment only of certificated managers of coal mines. This was not met until the act of 1872, but in 1860 certain sections relating to wages and education were introduced. Steady development of the coal industry, increasing association among miners, and increased scientific knowledge of means of ventilation and of other methods for securing safety, all paved the way to the Coal Mines Act of 1872, and in the same year health and safety in metalliferous mines received their first legislative treatment in a code of similar scope and character to that of the Coal Mines Act. This act was amended in 1886, and repealed and recodified in 1887; its principal provisions are still in force, with certain revised special rules and modifications as regards reporting of accidents (1906) and employment of children (1903). It was based on the recommendations of a Royal Commission, which had reported in 1864, and which had shown the grave excess of mortality and sickness among metalliferous miners, attributed to the inhalation of gritty particles, imperfect ventilation, great changes of temperature, excessive physical exertion, exposure to wet, and other causes. The prohibition of employment of women and of boys under ten years underground in this class of mines, as well as in coal mines, had been effected by the act of 1842, and inspection had been provided for in the act of 1860; these were in amended form included in the code of 1872, the age of employment of boys underground being raised to twelve.
In the Coal Mines Act of 1872 we see the first important effort to provide a complete code of regulation for the special dangers to health, life and limb in coal mines apart from other mines; it applied to
"mines of coal, mines of stratified ironstone, mines of shale and mines of fire-clay."
Unlike the companion act—applying to all other mines—it maintained the age limit of entering underground employment for boys at ten years, but for those between ten and twelve it provided for a system of working analogous to the half-time system in factories, including compulsory school attendance. The limits of employment for boys from twelve to sixteen were io hours in any one day and 54 in any one week. The chief characteristics of the act lay in extension of [the " general " safety rules, improvement of the method of formulating "special" safety rules, provision for certificated and competent management, and increased inspection. Several important matters were transferred from the special to the general rules, such as compulsory use of safety lamps where needed, regulation of use of explosives, and securing of roofs and sides. Special rules, before being submitted to the secretary of state for approval, must be posted in the mine for two weeks, with a notice that objections might be sent by any person employed to the district inspector. Wilful neglect of safety provisions became punishable in the case of employers as well as miners by imprisonment with hard labour. But the most important new step lay in the sections relating to daily control and supervision of every mine by a manager holding a certificate of competency from the secretary of state, after examination by a board of examiners appointed by the secretary of state, power being retained for him to cause later inquiry into competency of the holder of the certificate, and to cancel or suspend the certificate in case of proved unfitness.
Returning to the development of factory and workshop law from the year, 1844, the main line of effort—after the act of 1847 had restricted hours of women and young persons to 10 a day and fixed the daily limits between 6 a.m. and 6 p.m. (Saturday 6 a.m. to 2 p.m.)—lay in bringing trade after trade in some degree under the scope of this branch of law, which had hitherto only regulated conditions in textile factories. Bleaching and dyeing works were included by the acts of 1860 and 1862; lace factories by that of 1861; calendering and finishing by acts of 1863 and 1864; bakehouses became partially regulated by an act of 1863, with special reference to local authorities for administration of its clauses. The report of the third Children's Employment Commission brought together in accessible form the miserable facts relating to child labour in a number of unregulated industries in the year 1862, and the act of 1864 brought some of (these earthenware-making, lucifer match-making, percussion cap and cartridge making, paper-staining, and fustian cutting) partly under the scope of the various textile factory acts in force. A larger addition of trades was made three years later, but the act of 1864 is particularly interesting in that it first embodied some of the results of inquiries of expert medical and sanitary commissioners, by requiring ventilation to be applied to the removal of injurious gases, dust, and other impurities generated in manufacture, and made a first attempt to engraft part of the special rules system from the mines acts. The provisions for framing such rules disappeared in the Consolidating Act of 1878, to be revived in a better form later.
Late nineteenth century.
Throughout the nineteenth century, the worker's existence remained largely miserable, nasty, brutish and short.
As Industrial Britannia was extending its Empire, its corporations and its businesses were responsible for half the world's production across a third of the globe's land, a quarter of its population, and ruling its waves. Joint Stock Companies, building railways, canals and factories, manufacturing household goods, connecting telegraphs, distributing coal, formed the backbone of this dominant "laissez faire" model of commerce. Around the start of the 20th century, in "Mogul Steamship Co Ltd v McGregor, Gow & Co", the House of Lords emphasised that businesses should be free to organise into trade associations in the same way that employees organised into unions. The consciousness of working people that they should have a role in the economy mirrored the development toward political participation.
Health and safety, post 1867.
The Sanitary Act of 1866, administered by local authorities, provided for general sanitation in any factories and workshops not under existing factory acts, and the Workshops Regulation Act of 1867, similarly to be administered by local authorities, amended in 1870, practically completed the application of the main principle of the factory acts to all places in which manual labour was exercised for gain in the making or finishing of articles or parts of articles for sale. A few specially dangerous or injurious trades brought under regulation in 1864 and 1867 (e.g. earthenware and lucifer match making, glass-making) ranked as "factories," although not using mechanical power, and for a time employment of less than fifty persons relegated certain work-places to the category of "workshops," but broadly the presence or absence of such motor power in aid of process was made and has remained the distinction between factories and workshops.
The Factory Act of 1874, the last of the series before the great Consolidating Act of 1878, raised the minimum age of employment for children to ten years in textile factories. In most of the great inquiries into conditions of child labour the fact has come clearly to light, in regard to textile and nontextile trades alike, that parents as much as any employers have been responsible for too early employment and excessive hours of employment of children, and from early times until to-day in factory legislation it has been recognised that they must to some extent be held responsible for due observation of the limits imposed. For example, in 1831 it was found necessary to protect occupiers against parental responsibility for false certificates of age, and in 1833 parents of a child or
"any Person having any benefit from the wages of such child"
were made to share responsibility for employment of children without school attendance or beyond legal hours.
During the discussions on the bill which became law in 1874, it had become apparent that revision and consolidation of the multiplicity of statutes then regulating manufacturing industry had become pressingly necessary; modifications and exceptions for exceptional conditions in separate industries needed reconsideration and systematisation on clear principles, and the main requirements of the law could with great advantage be applied more generally to all the industries. In particular, the daily limits as to period of employment, pauses for meals, and holidays, needed to be unified for non-textile factories and workshops, so as to bring about a standard working-day, and thus prevent the tendency in
"the larger establishments to farm out work among the smaller, where it is done under less favourable conditions both sanitary and educational."
In these main directions, and that of simplifying definitions, summarizing special sanitary provisions that had been gradually introduced for various trades, and centralizing and improving the organisation of the inspectorate, the Commission of 1876 on the Factory Acts made its recommendations, and the Factory Act of 1878 took effect. In the fixed working-day, provisions for pauses, holidays, general and special exceptions, distinctions between systems of employment for children, young persons and women, education of children and certificates of fitness for children and young persons, limited regulation of domestic workshops, general principles of administration and definitions, the law of 1878 was made practically the same as that embodied in the later principal act of 1901. More or less completely revised were:
Entirely new since the act of 1878 are the provisions:
The Factories and Workshops Act 1878 remained until the Factory and Workshop Act 1901, although much had been meanwhile superimposed, a monument to the efforts of the great factory reformers of the first half of the 19th century, and the general groundwork of safety for workers in factories and workshops in the main divisions of sanitation, security against accidents, physical fitness of workers, general limitation of hours and times of employment for young workers and women. The Factory and Workshop Act 1901, which came into force 1 January 1902 (and became the principal act),was an amending as well as a consolidating act. Comparison of the two acts shows, however, that, in spite of the advantages of further consolidation and helpful changes in arrangement of sections and important additions which tend towards a specialised hygiene for factory life, the fundamental features of the law as fought out in the 19th century remain undisturbed. So far as the law has altered in character, it has done so chiefly by gradual development of certain sanitary features, originally subordinate, and by strengthening provision for security against accidents and not by retreat from its earlier aims. At the same time a basis for possible new developments can be seen in the protection of "outworkers" as well as factory workers against fraudulent or defective particulars of piece-work rates of wages.
Later acts directly and indirectly affecting the law are certain acts of 1903, 1906, 1907, to be touched on presently.
The Act of 1878, in a series of acts from 1883 to 1895, received striking additions, based
The first additions to the act of 1878 were, however, almost purely attempts to deal more adequately than had been attempted in the code of 1878 with certain striking instances of trades injurious to health. Thus the Factory and Workshop Act of 1883 provided that white-lead factories should not be carried on without a certificate of conformity with certain conditions, and also made provision for special rules, on lines later superseded by those laid down in the act of 1891, applicable to any employment in a factory or workshop certified as dangerous or injurious by the secretary of state.
The act of 1883 also dealt with sanitary conditions in bakehouses. Certain definitions and explanations of previous enactments touching overtime and employment of a child in any factory or workshop were also included in the act. A class of factories in which excessive heat and humidity seriously affected the health of operatives was next dealt with in the Cotton Cloth Factories Act 1889. This provided for special notice to the chief inspector from all occupiers of cotton cloth factories (i.e. any room, shed, or workshop or part thereof in which weaving of cotton cloth is carried on) who intend to produce humidity by artificial means; regulated both temperature of workrooms and amount of moisture in the atmosphere, and provided for tests and records of the same; and fixed a standard minimum volume of fresh air () to be admitted in every hour for every person employed in the factory. Power was retained for the secretary of state to modify by order the standard for the maximum limit of humidity of the atmosphere at any given temperature. A short act in 1870 extended this power to other measures for the protection of health.
The special measures from 1878 to 1889 gave valuable precedents for further developments of special hygiene in factory life, but the next advance in the Factory and Workshop Act 1891, following the House of Lords Committee on the sweating system and the Berlin International Labour Conference, extended over much wider ground. Its principal objects were:
(d) to raise the age of employment of children and restrict the employment of women immediately after childbirth;
(e) to require particulars of rate of wages to be given with work to piece-workers in certain branches of the textile industries;
(f) to amend the act of 1878 in various subsidiary ways, with the view of improving the administration of its principles, e.g. by increasing the means of checking the amount of overtime worked, empowering inspectors to enter work-places used as dwellings without a justice's warrant, and the imposition of minimum penalties in certain cases. On this act followed four years of greatly accelerated administrative activity. No fewer than sixteen trades were scheduled by the secretary of state as dangerous to health. The manner of preparing and establishing suitable rules was greatly modified by the Factory and Workshop Act 1901 and will be dealt with in that connexion.
The Factory and Workshop Act 1895 followed thus on a period of exercise of new powers of administrative regulation (the period being also that during which the Royal Commission on Labour made its wide survey of industrial conditions), and after two successive annual reports of the chief inspector of factories had embodied reports and recommendations from the women inspectors, who in 1893 were first added to the inspectorate. Again, the chief features of an even wider legislative effort than that of 1891 were the increased stringency and definiteness of the measures for securing hygienic and safe conditions of work. Some of these measures, however, involved new principles, as in the provision for the prohibition of the use of a dangerous machine or structure by the order of a magistrate's court, and the power to include in the special rules drawn up in pursuance of section 8 of the Act of 1891, the prohibition of the employment of any class of persons, or the limitation of the period of employment of any class of persons in any process scheduled by order of the secretary of state. These last two powers have both been exercised, and with the exercise of the latter died, without opposition, the absolute freedom of the employer of the adult male labourer to carry on his manufacture without legislative limitation of the hours of labour. Second only in significance to these new developments was the addition, for the first time since 1867, of new classes of workplaces not covered by the general definitions in section 93 of the Consolidating Act of 1878, viz.
Other entirely new provisions in the Act of 1895, later strengthened by the Factory and Workshop Act 1901, were the requirement of a reasonable temperature in workrooms, the requirement of lavatories for the use of persons employed in any department where poisonous substances are used, the obligation on occupiers and medical practitioners to report cases of industrial poisoning; and the penalties imposed on an employer wilfully allowing wearing apparel to be made, cleaned or repaired in a dwelling-house where an inmate is suffering from infectious disease. Another provision empowered the secretary of state to specify classes of outwork and areas with a view to the regulation of the sanitary condition of premises in which outworkers are employed. Owing to the conditions attached to its exercise, no case was found in which this power could come into operation, and the act of 1901 deals with the matter on new lines.
The requirement of annual returns from occupiers of persons employed, and the competency of the person charged with infringing the act to give evidence in his defence, were important new provisions, as was also the adoption of the powers to direct a formal investigation of any accident on the lines laid down in section 45 of the Coal Mines Regulation Act 1887. Other sections, relating to sanitation and safety, were developments of previous regulations, "e.g." the fixing of a standard of overcrowding, provision of sanitary accommodation separate for each sex where the standard of the Public Health Act Amendment Act 1890 had not been adopted by the competent local sanitary authority, power to order a fan or other mechanical means to carry off injurious gas, vapour or other impurity (the previous power covering only dust). The fencing of machinery and definition of accidents were made more precise, young persons were prohibited from cleaning dangerous machinery, and additional safeguards against risk of injury by fire or panic were introduced. On the question of employment the foremost amendments lay in the almost complete prohibition of overtime for young persons, and the restriction of the power of an employer to employ protected persons outside his factory or workshop on the same day that he had employed them in the factory or workshop. Under the head of particulars of work and wages to piece-workers an important new power, highly valued by the workers, was given to apply the principle with the necessary modifications by order of the secretary of state to industries other than textile and to outworkers as well as to those employed inside factories and workshops.
In 1899 an indirect modification of the limitation to employment of children was effected by the Elementary Education Amendment Act 1899, which, by raising from eleven to twelve the minimum age at which a child may, by the by-laws of a local authority, obtain total or partial exemption from the obligation to attend school, made it unlawful for an occupier to take into employment any child under twelve in such a manner as to prevent full-time attendance at school. The age of employment became generally thereby the same as it has been for employment at a mine above ground since 1887. The Act of 1901 made the prohibition of employment of a child under twelve in a factory or workshop direct and absolute. Under the divisions of sanitation, safety, fitness for employment, special regulation of dangerous trades, special control of bakehouses, exceptional treatment of creameries, new methods of dealing with home work and outworkers, important additions were made to the general law by the Act of 1901, as also in regulations for strengthened administrative control. New general sanitary provisions were those prescribing,
New safety provisions were those relating to:
The most important administrative alterations were,
The Employment of Children Act 1903, while primarily providing for industries outside the scope of the Factory Act, incidentally secured that children employed as half "Acts of" timers should not also be employed in other occupations. The Notice of Accidents Act 1906 amended the whole system of notification of accidents, simultaneously in mines, quarries, factories and workshops, and will be set out in following paragraphs. The Factory and Workshop Act 1907 amended the law in respect of laundries by generally applying the provisions of 1901 to trade laundries while granting them choice of new exceptional periods, and by extending the provisions of the act (with certain powers to the Home Office by Orders laid before parliament to allow variations) to institution laundries carried on for charitable or reformatory purposes. The Employment of Women Act 1907 repealed an exemption in the act of 1901 (and earlier acts) relating to employment of women in flax scutch mills, thus bringing this employment under the ordinary provisions as to period of employment.
Liberal reforms from 1906.
Around the start of the 20th century, the judiciary moved into a reactionary phase, passing the notorious judgment of "Taff Vale Railway Co v Amalgamated Society of Railway Servants", which made trade unions liable in economic tort for the costs of industrial action. Although a combination of employers in a company could dismiss employees without notice, a combination of employees in a trade union could not, by withdrawing their labour, do the same without sanction. This was soon reversed by an increasingly representative Parliament after the United Kingdom general election, 1906. A coalition government composed of the Labour Party and the Liberals, among whom David Lloyd George and Winston Churchill were rising stars, quickly passed the Trade Disputes Act 1906. This laid down the essential principle of collective labour law that any strike "in contemplation or furtherance of a trade dispute" is immune from discriminatory civil law sanctions. The Old Age Pensions Act 1908 provided some minimum security for people who retired, the Trade Boards Act 1909 created industrial panels that would fix minimum wages and the National Insurance Act 1911 levied a fee to insure people got benefits in the event of unemployment.
Inter war period.
During World War I the sheer brutality of the Western Front demanded the participation of every available person and resource. Women particularly took over traditional "men's jobs", as the Suffragette movement gained momentum. Before the war's conclusion, the Representation of the People Act 1918 gave universal suffrage to men over age 21 and women over 28. A new beginning was promised by the victors to their people. The Versailles Treaty created the International Labour Organisation to draw up common standards between countries, for as it said, "peace can be established only if it is based on social justice", and echoed the US Clayton Act 1914 in pronouncing that "labour should not be regarded merely as a commodity or an article of commerce". But the international system remained disjointed as the United States Congress withheld its approval to join the League of Nations. Within the UK the postwar settlement was to make a home fit for heroes. Whitley Councils extended the Trade Boards Act 1909 system to Joint Industrial Councils that encouraged (non legally binding) fair wage agreements, while the Ministry of Labour actively organised and advised the growth of trade unions. This was based on a theory of industrial democracy through collective bargaining, agreement or action, advocated by Sidney Webb and Beatrice Webb in "Industrial Democracy" to remedy the inequality of bargaining power of workers. Without legal force behind collective agreements, the law remained in a state of collective "laissez faire", encouraging voluntarism for agreement and dispute settlement between industrial partners. The 1920s and 1930s were economically volatile. In 1926 a General Strike against coal miners' pay cuts paralysed the country, though was broken by Winston Churchill, by then the Chancellor of the Exchequer. The Trade Disputes and Trade Unions Act 1927 was subsequently passed to prohibit any secondary action. The Labour Party had formed Parliamentary majorities in 1924 and 1929, but achieved little in the way of reform, particularly after the onset of the Great Depression.
Post War consensus.
By the Second World War and the labour government of Clement Attlee, trade union membership was well established and collective agreements covered over 80 per cent of the workforce. With the British Empire is rapid dissolution and immigration from Commonwealth countries, combined with record levels of female workplace participation the character of Britain's workforce was changing fast. Though the common law was sometimes comparatively progressive, sometimes not, the first statutes to prohibit discrimination focused on gender and race emerged in the 1960s as the Civil Rights Act was passed in the United States. Discrimination in employment (as in consumer or public service access) was formally prohibited on grounds of race in 1965, gender in 1975, disability in 1995, sexual orientation and religion in 2003 and age in 2006. A complicated and inconsistent jamboree of Acts and statutory instruments was placed into a comprehensive code in the Equality Act 2010. Much discrimination law is now applicable throughout the European Union, to which the UK acceded in 1972. While the prominence of labour issues in the early European Treaties and case law was scant, it was not until the Social Chapter of the Maastricht Treaty was drafted that labour issues were formally incorporated into the EU's jurisprudence.
Conservative government.
From 1979, the UK's Conservative government took a strongly sceptical policy to all forms of labour law and regulation. It opted out of the Social Chapter. This approached mirrored the policy trend of the 1980s, where ten major Acts reduced the power of trade unions. Reforms to the internal structure of unions mandated that representatives be elected and a ballot is taken before a strike, that no worker could strike in sympathetic secondary action with workers with a different employer, and that employers could not run a closed shop system of requiring all workers to join the recognised union. The wage councils were dismantled, and a public campaign against the merits of unions paralleled the decline of membership and collective agreement coverage to under 40 per cent.
New Labour.
In 1997 the new Labour government brought the UK into the EU's Social Chapter, which has served as the source for most reform in UK law since that time. Domestic led reform was minimal. The National Minimum Wage Act 1998 established a country-wide minimum wage, but did not attempt to reinvigorate the Wage Board system. The Employment Relations Act 1999 introduced a 60 page procedure requiring employers to compulsorily recognise and bargain with a union, though union membership remained at a steady 30 per cent level. While the UK retains essentially the same legal framework as evolved through the 1980s, globalisation, Europeanisation and increased success in workplace participation models ensure further change will follow.

</doc>
<doc id="19932226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932226" title="The Pinnacle (Pennsylvania)">
The Pinnacle (Pennsylvania)

The Pinnacle is local high point on the Blue Mountain ridge of the Appalachian Mountains. Due to its location on the Appalachian Trail, and its reputation as one of the best views in Pennsylvania, the Pinnacle is heavily used by hikers.

</doc>
<doc id="19932247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932247" title="Club Nalón">
Club Nalón

Club Nalón de Olloniego is a football team based in Olloniego in the autonomous community of Asturias. Founded in 1958 and refounded in 1996, the team plays in Regional Preferente. The club's home ground is "Fumea", which has a capacity of 300 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="19932251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932251" title="Anti-homelessness">
Anti-homelessness

Anti-homelessness can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="19932254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932254" title="Wanted (1967 film)">
Wanted (1967 film)

Wanted is an Italian western film released in 1967. It was directed by Giorgio Ferroni and starring Giuliano Gemma, Teresa Gimpera, and Nello Pazzafini.
Plot.
A local sheriff (by Giorgio Ferroni) is unjustly accused of murder in a small town and forced to flee. He gets rid of his enemies one by one and tries to prove his innocence.

</doc>
<doc id="19932261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932261" title="Heroes in Hell (film)">
Heroes in Hell (film)

Heroes in Hell () is a 1973 Italian war film directed by Joe D'Amato and starring Klaus Kinski. 

</doc>
<doc id="19932263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932263" title="Marathon swimming at the 2008 Asian Beach Games">
Marathon swimming at the 2008 Asian Beach Games

Marathon swimming at the 2008 Asian Beach Games was held from 25 October to 26 October, 2008 in Bali, Indonesia.
Results.
Men.
5 km.
October 25
10 km.
October 26
Women.
5 km.
October 25
10 km.
October 26

</doc>
<doc id="19932268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932268" title="Purton, Berkeley">
Purton, Berkeley

Purton is a village on the east bank of the River Severn, 3 miles north of Berkeley, in Gloucestershire, England. The village is in the civil parish of Hinton. It lies opposite the hamlet of Purton on the west bank of the river.
The Gloucester and Sharpness Canal passes through the village. 
The name of the place derives from the Old English "pirige tun", meaning "pear orchard".
River crossing.
There was a ferry across the river to the other Purton by 1282. In the late 18th and early 19th century, there was also a ford across the river here. The ferry, known as Purton Passage, continued in use until 1879, when it was replaced by the Severn Railway Bridge. 
Tidal erosion barrier.
In the early 20th century, a number of old vessels were run aground along the bank of the Severn, near Purton, to create a makeshift tidal erosion barrier to reinforce the narrow strip of land between the river and canal. Barges, Trows and Schooners were "hulked" at high tide, and have since filled with silt. More boats have been added, including the schooner "Katherine Ellen" which was impounded in 1921 for running guns to the IRA, the Kennet Canal barge "Harriett", and Ferrous Concrete Barges built in World War II.
Purton Passage SSSI.
Purton Passage () is a geological Site of Special Scientific Interest near Purton notified in 1966. The site is listed in the ‘Stroud District’ Local Plan, adopted November 2005, Appendix 6 (online for download) as an SSSI and a Regionally Important Geological Site (RIGS).
It is adjacent to the Severn Estuary SSSI.
Rocks of the Upper Ludlow Silurian age are exposed on the foreshore at Tites Point. These include bone beds, and the area is a declared important educational resource for the study of vertebrate palaeontology. Most important are the plates of Cyathaspis banksi. The remains of primitive fish include thelodont denticles and acanthodian fragments.
Inspections by Natural England in 2009 report only acceptable change due to the natural processes of estuarine muds, and no establishment of vegetation; this is controlled due to the natural process of tidal scour.

</doc>
<doc id="19932279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932279" title="Chancellor House (building)">
Chancellor House (building)

Chancellor House is a building situated at 25 Fox Street, Ferreirasdorp, Johannesburg, that once housed the law firm of Nelson Mandela and Oliver Tambo. It is a national heritage site.
The building was due to be bought by the Johannesburg Heritage Trust in 2004 
and developed into a tourist destination, with R300 000 earmarked for the construction of a visitor center.
As of 2008, however, no purchase had been consummated and the building reportedly continued to fall into ruin.
Full restoration of the building was completed in May, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19932285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932285" title="Ashmunella levettei">
Ashmunella levettei

Ashmunella levettei is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae.
Subspecies.
This species includes the following subspecies:

</doc>
<doc id="19932293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932293" title="Constitution of Uzbekistan">
Constitution of Uzbekistan

The Constitution of Uzbekistan was originally adopted on 8 December 1992 and subsequently modified on 28 December 1993. It is the supreme law of the Republic of Uzbekistan (Article 15).
Overview.
The Constitution of Uzbekistan nominally creates a separation of powers among a strong presidency, the legislature (the Supreme Assembly of Uzbekistan or "Oliy Majlis"), and a judiciary. However Uzbekistan remains among the most authoritarian states in Central Asia.
The President of Uzbekistan, who is directly elected to a five-year term that can be renewed once, is the head of state and is granted supreme executive power by the constitution. As commander in chief of the armed forces, the President may declare a state of emergency or of war. The President is empowered to appoint the prime minister and full cabinet of ministers and the judges of the three national courts, subject to the approval of the "Oliy Majlis", and to appoint all members of lower courts. The President also has the power to dissolve the parliament, in effect negating the "Oliy Majlis"'s veto power over presidential nominations in a power struggle situation.
The 150 deputies to the Legislative Chamber (lower house) of the bicameral "Oliy Majlis", the highest legislative body, are elected to five-year terms. The body may be dismissed by the President with the concurrence of the Constitutional Court; because that court is subject to presidential appointment, the dismissal clause weights the balance of power heavily toward the executive branch. The 100-member Senate includes 16 directly nominated by the President. The "Oliy Majlis" enacts legislation, which may be initiated by the President, within the parliament, by the high courts, by the procurator general (highest law enforcement official in the country), or by the government of the Autonomous Republic of Karakalpakstan. Besides legislation, international treaties, presidential decrees, and states of emergency also must be ratified by the "Oliy Majlis".
The national judiciary includes the Constitutional Court, the Supreme Court, and the High Economic Court. Lower court systems exist at the regional, district, and town levels. Judges at all levels are appointed by the President and approved by the "Oliy Majlis". Nominally independent of the other branches of government, the courts remain under the effective control of the executive branch. As in the system of the Soviet era, the procurator general and his regional and local equivalents are both the state's chief prosecuting officials and the chief investigators of criminal cases, a configuration that limits the pretrial rights of defendants.
Although the language of the constitution includes many democratic features, it can be superseded by executive decrees and legislation, and often constitutional law simply is ignored.
General provisions.
Article 1.
Uzbekistan is a sovereign democratic republic. The names "Republic of Uzbekistan" and "Uzbekistan" are equivalent.
Article 2.
The state expresses the will of the people and serves the interests of the people. State organs and state officials are answerable to society and the citizens.
Article 4.
The state language of the Republic of Uzbekistan is the Uzbek language. Uzbekistan respects the languages, customs, and traditions of nationalities and ethnic groups that live on its territory and creates conditions for their development.
Article 6.
The capital of Uzbekistan is the city of Tashkent.
Article 8.
The people of Uzbekistan consists of the citizens of the Republic of Uzbekistan irrespective of their nationality. 
Article 10.
Only the National Assembly ("Oliy Majlis") and the President of the Republic, elected by the people, can act on behalf of the people of Uzbekistan. No part of society, political party, public association, movement, or individual may act on behalf of the people of Uzbekistan.
Article 11.
The state power in Uzbekistan is divided into legislative, executive, and judicial branches.
Article 12.
Public life in the Republic of Uzbekistan develops on the basis of diversity of political institutions, ideologies, and opinions. No single ideology may be established as a state ideology.
Article 13.
Democracy in the Republic of Uzbekistan is based on general human principles, which assign the highest value to man, to human life, to freedom, honor, dignity, and other inalienable rights. Democratic rights and freedoms are protected by the Constitution and the laws.
Article 14.
The state bases its activity on the principles of social justice and legality in the interest of well-being of man and society.
Economic principles.
Article 36.
Everyone has the right to own property. The secrecy of bank deposits and the right of inheritance are guaranteed by law.
Article 53.
The economy of Uzbekistan, oriented toward the development of market relations, is based on property in various form of ownership. The state guarantees the freedom of economic activity, entrepreneurship, and work subject to priority of consumer rights, equality, and legal protection for all forms of property. Private property, alongside other forms of property, is inviolable and is protected by the state. An owner may be deprived of his property only by legal process. 
Article 55.
The land, the mineral resources, the water, the animal and plant kingdom, and other natural resources constitute national wealth, which is subject to efficient and conscientious use and is protected by the state.
Chapter 16 - Administrative and territorial structure of the Republic of Uzbekistan.
Article 68.
The Republic of Uzbekistan shall consist of regions, districts, cities, towns, settlements, kishlaks and auls (villages) in Uzbekistan and the Republic of Karakalpakstan.
Article 69.
Any alteration of the boundaries of the Republic of Karakalpakstan, regions, the city of Tashkent, as well as the formation and annulment of regions, cities, towns and districts shall be sanctioned by the Oliy Majlis of the Republic of Uzbekistan.

</doc>
<doc id="19932294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932294" title="Anti-homelessness legislation">
Anti-homelessness legislation

Anti-homelessness legislation can take two forms; legislation that aims to help and re-house homeless people, and legislation that is intended to send the homeless to homeless shelters compulsively, or criminalize homelessness and begging.
International law.
Since the publication of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (Charter of the United Nations — UN) in 1948, the public perception has been increasingly changing to a focus on the human right to housing, travel and migration as a part of individual self-determination rather than the human condition. The Declaration, an international law reinforcement of the Nuremberg Trial Judgements, upholds the rights of one nation to intervene in the affairs of another if said nation is abusing its citizens, and rose out of a 1939–1945 World War II Atlantic environment of extreme split between "haves" and "have nots." The modern study of homeless phenomena is most frequently seen in this historical context.
Laws supporting the homeless.
Laws supporting homeless people generally place obligations on the state to support or house homeless people.
Scotland.
The Scottish parliament passed the Homelessness Etc (Scotland) Act 2003 which has an aim of ensuring that by 2012 everyone assessed as being unintentionally homeless will be entitled to permanent accommodation. In addition, the Homeless Persons (Unsuitable Accommodation) (Scotland) Order came into force in December 2004 and requires councils to ensure that pregnant women and households with children are not placed in unsuitable temporary accommodation, unless there are exceptional circumstances.
United States.
The charter of the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act of 1986 (Stewart B. McKinney Homeless Assistance Act) is to "coordinate the Federal response to homelessness and to create partnerships between the Federal agencies addressing homelessness and every level of government and every element of the private sector".
Laws criminalizing behaviors engaged in by the homeless.
Use of the law that criminalizes the homeless generally takes on one of four forms:
England and Wales.
The Vagrancy Act 1824 makes it an offence to sleep on the streets or to beg. In essence, therefore, it is a crime in England and Wales to be homeless or to cadge subsistence money. When the Act was passed, criticism of it centred on the fact that it created a catch-all offence. To sleep on the streets or to beg subsistence became a crime, whatever reason an individual might have had for being in such a predicament. That provision still pertains today in England and Wales. So far as it extended to Scotland, it was repealed by the Civic Government (Scotland) Act 1982.
United States.
The National Coalition for the Homeless reports that there is a growing trend in the United States towards criminalizing the state of being homeless. Proponents of this approach believe that punitive measures will deter people from choosing to be homeless. To this end, cities across the country increasingly outlaw activities such as sleeping, eating, sitting, and begging in public spaces, and selectively enforce more neutral laws—such as those prohibiting open containers or loitering—against homeless populations. Violators of such laws typically incur criminal penalties, which result in fines and/or incarceration.
In Jones v. City of Los Angeles, the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit held that the Eighth Amendment prohibits the City from punishing involuntary sitting, lying, or sleeping on public sidewalks that is an unavoidable consequence of being human and homeless without shelter in the City of Los Angeles. It is important to note, however, that on October 15, 2007, the Court vacated its Opinion after the parties settled the case and sought withdrawal of the Opinion.
Critics of homeless criminalization claim that such measures do nothing to actually solve homelessness and in fact make matters worse. Homeless people find it harder to secure employment, housing, or federal benefits with a criminal record, and therefore penalizing the act of being homeless makes exiting such a situation much more difficult. In fact, a recent federal appeals court ruled an anti-homeless policy in Los Angeles as unconstitutional. Similarly, in response to growing reports of hate crimes, some state governments have proposed the addition of "people experiencing homelessness" to their hate-crimes statutes.

</doc>
<doc id="19932300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932300" title="Thurstable School">
Thurstable School

Thurstable School is a mixed (ages 11-18) secondary academy school, sports college and sixth form situated in the village of Tiptree, Essex. The school is located about 8 miles from Colchester.
Uniform.
The school uniform is a dark green blazer, off white polo shirt, both with the school logo, and black trousers.

</doc>
<doc id="19932312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932312" title="Chebulagic acid">
Chebulagic acid

Chebulagic acid is a benzopyran tannin and an antioxidant that has many potential uses in medicine.
It has been found to be immunosuppressive, and a potent alpha-glucosidase inhibitor, a human gut enzyme useful in diabetic studies.
It has been shown to be active against Staphylococcus aureus and Candida albicans
It is found in the plants "Terminalia chebula", "T. citrina" and "T. catappa".
It is formed from geraniin through a glutathione-mediated conversion.

</doc>
<doc id="19932313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932313" title="Mesodon thyroidus">
Mesodon thyroidus

Mesodon thyroidus is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae.
Parasites.
Parasites of "Mesodon thyroidus" include:

</doc>
<doc id="19932317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932317" title="Rock and Rollin' with Fats Domino">
Rock and Rollin' with Fats Domino

"Rock and Rollin' with Fats Domino, originally released as Carry on Rockin'", is the 1955 debut album by R&B pianist and vocalist Fats Domino, compiling a number of his hits and other material, some of which would soon become hits. The album, which featured a 
woodcut portrait of the musician, reached #17 on the "Billboard" "Pop Albums" chart. It is believed to have been produced by engineer Bunny Robyn due to the notation on the cover "A Robyn Recording".
Release history.
The album was first released on Imperial Records, catalog #9009, under the title "Carry on Rockin'" in November 1955 and reissued under the title "Rock and Rollin' With Fats Domino". Various dates are given for the re-issue. "The Great Rock Discography" indicates that Imperial 9009 was reissued under alternate title in October 1956 and March 1957, but the Domino biography "Blue Monday" indicates April 1956.
When Domino left Imperial in 1963 to join Paramount, Imperial retained the rights to this and several other of Domino's notable albums, reissuing it on LP as recently as 1981. It has subsequently been reissued in conjunction with another early Domino album, "Million Sellers By Fats", as "Rock and Rollin' with Fats Domino/Million Sellers By Fats".
Songs.
Although this was Domino's album debut, the R&B pianist had already been recording singles for seven years at the time of this release. The album compiled a number of Domino's hit singles as well as some songs that would soon become hit singles, including "Ain't That a Shame" (#1 ""Black Singles", #10 "Pop Singles"), "All by Myself" (#1 "Black Singles"), "Poor Me" (#1 "Black Singles"), "Bo Weevil" (#5 "Black Singles", #35 "Pop Singles") and "Don't Blame It On Me" (#9 "Black Singles"), but omitted "Don't You Know" (#7 "Black Singles"), "I Can't Go On" (#6 "Black Singles") and "Thinking of You" (#14, "Black Singles").
Track listing.
"Except where otherwise noted, all songs by Dave Bartholomew and Fats Domino."

</doc>
<doc id="19932318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932318" title="Aimée Castle">
Aimée Castle

Aimée Castle (born November 29, 1978 in Montreal, Quebec, Canada), is a Canadian actress.
Biography.
She began acting at the age of 5 as a birthday party child in the Warner Bros. Pictures film "Of Unknown Origin" starring Peter Weller.
She made appearances in television and movies such as "Are You Afraid of the Dark?", "Back to Sherwood", "Teen Sorcery", "Laserhawk", "Satan's School for Girls", "Student Bodies", "Mr. Headmistress" and "An American Affair" as well as the voice of Helena in the English version of the children's anime TV series "Bumpety Boo". She has also lent her voice to several animated series including "Arthur", "Papa Beaver's Storytime", "Maya the Bee", "Calimero", "Cat Tales", "Robinson Sucroe", "Mrs. Pepper Pot" and "Mona the Vampire".
She played Lori Baxter in "Big Wolf on Campus".

</doc>
<doc id="19932325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932325" title="History of labour law">
History of labour law

The history of labour law concerns the development of labour law as a way of regulating and improving the life of people at work. In the civilisations of antiquity, the use of slave labour was widespread. Some of the maladies associated with unregulated labour were identified by Pliny as " diseases of slaves."
English origins.
As England was the first country to industrialise, it was also the first to face the often appalling consequences of capitalist exploitation in a totally unregulated and laissez-faire economic framework. Over the course of the late 18th and early to mid-19th century the foundation for modern labour law was slowly laid, as some of the more egregious aspects of working conditions were steadily ameliorated through legislation. This was largely achieved through the concerted pressure from social reformers, notably Anthony Ashley-Cooper, 7th Earl of Shaftesbury, and others.
Campaign against child labour.
A serious outbreak of fever in 1784 in cotton mills near Manchester drew widespread public opinion against the use of children in dangerous conditions. A local inquiry presided over by Dr Thomas Percival, was instituted by the justices of the peace for Lancashire, and the resulting report recommended the limitation of children's working hours. In 1802, the first major piece of labour legislation was passed - the Health and Morals of Apprentices Act. This was the first, albeit modest, step towards the protection of labour. It targeted the deficiencies of the apprentice system, under which large numbers of pauper children were worked in cotton and woollen mills without education, for excessive hours, under awful conditions. The Act limitated working hours to twelve a day and abolished night work. It required the provision of a basic level of education for all apprentices, as well as adequate sleeping accommodation and clothing.
The rapid industrialisation of manufacturing at the turn of the 19th century led to a rapid increase in child employment, and public opinion was steadily made aware of the terrible conditions these children were forced to endure. The Factory Act of 1819 was the outcome of the efforts of the industrialist Robert Owen and prohibited child labour under nine years of age and limited the working day to twelve.
A great milestone in labour law was reached with the Act of 1833, which limited the employment of children under eighteen years of age, prohibited all night work and, crucially, provided for inspectors to enforce the law. Pivotal in the campaigning for and the securing of this legislation were Michael Sadler and the Earl of Shaftesbury. This act was an important step forward, in that it mandated skilled inspection of workplaces and a rigorous enforcement of the law by an independent governmental body. This legislation was further amended by the 1844 Textile Factory Act, which strengthened the powers of the inspectors and required certified surgeons to examine all workers for physical fitness.
A lengthy campaign to limit the working day to ten hours was led by Shaftesbury, and included support from the Anglican Church. Many different groups, including many Quakers, workers, and even some factory owners like John Fielden also supported it. Many committees were formed in support of the cause and some previously established groups lent their support as well. One of the most influential groups to spring up was the "Ten Hours' Advocate and the Journal of Literature and Art". The campaign finally led to the passage of the Factory Act of 1847, which restricted the working hours of women and children in British factories to effectively 10 hours per day. The debate had been a rather contentious one in Parliament and was defeated several times by a coalition of conservatives and free traders.
Working conditions.
These early efforts were principally aimed at limiting child labour. From the mid-19th century, attention was first paid to the plight of working conditions for the workforce in general. For the first time detailed provisions for health and safety began to make their appearance in the law. Workers' compensation for preventible injuries was the outcome of a discussion by witnesses before the a Royal Commission in 1841. A year later, the first Mines and Collieries Act excluded women and girls from underground working, and limited the employment of boys under the age of ten. It was not until 1850 that systematic reporting of fatal accidents and until 1855 that other safeguards for health, life and limb in mines were seriously provided by law.
From 1843 onwards, the Board of Health began issuing annual reports on the state of health and safety in industry. Inspection was made more rigorous from 1850, and a Parliamentary Act in 1855 provided seven further regulations, relating to ventilation, fencing of disused shafts, signalling standards, proper gauges and valve for steam-boiler, indicator and brake for machine lowering and raising; it also provided that special rules submitted by mine-owners to the secretary of state, could gain legislative sanction and be enforceable through penalties.
Various inquests discovered the extent to which incompetent management and neglect was to blame for workplace accidents and legislation. This led to legislation in 1872 that required the employ of specifically certified managers. The certificates were issued by a government agency to candidates after passing a series of examinations. Steady development of the coal industry, increasing association among miners, and increased scientific knowledge paved the way for the extension and rationalisation of the then current legislation to a greater variety of industries.
The 1872 Act also included the first comprehensive code of regulation to govern legal safeguards for health, life and limb. For instance, in the coal mining industry, the provision of safety lamps was made compulsory, use of explosives was regulated, and the shaft roof was required to be properly secured at all times. Any willful neglect of these safety provisions became strictly punishable. But the most important new step lay in the sections relating to daily control and supervision of every mine by a manager holding a certificate of competency from the government, granted after passing an examination.Increased levels of inspection were also provided for.
The remit of the law steadily expanded to incorporate more industries, as reformers moved from one pressing issue to another. Other trades that came under legislative scrutiny included Bleaching and dyeing works, lace factories, and textile finishing, bakehouses, earthenware-making, match-making, cartridge making and paper-staining. As the result of inquiries by expert medical and sanitary commissioners, ventilation was required to remove dangerous gases, dust, and other impurities generated in all factories.
By the end of the century, a comprehensive set of regulations had been put in place in England. Although the law would undergo further refinement over the following century, its basic contours were already discernible. As other countries industrialised in the late 19th century, they too adopted a similar legal system to prevent and mitigate large scale abuse in industry.
France.
In France, the working day was first limited in factories for adults in 1848, to 12. The workplaces covered by this law was clarified in 1885 to include industrial establishments with motor power or continual furnaces, or workshops employing over 20 workers. In 1851, under condition of notification to the local authorities, exceptions, still in force, were made to the general limitation, in favour of certain industries or processes, among others for letterpress and lithographic printing, engineering works, work at furnaces and in heating workshops, manufacture of projectiles of war, and any work for the government in the interests of national defence or security. The limit of 12 hours was reduced, as regards works in which women or young workers are employed, in 1900 to II, and was to be successively reduced to 102 hours and to hours at intervals of two years from April 1900.
This labour law for adults was preceded in 1841 by one for children, which prevented their employment in factories before 8 years of age and prohibited night labour for any child under 13. This was strengthened in 1874, particularly as regards employment of girls under 21, but it was not until 1892 that the labour of women was specially regulated by a law, still in force, with certain amendments in 1900. Under this law factory and workshop labour is prohibited for children under 13 years, though they may begin at 12 if qualified by the prescribed educational certificate and medical certificate of fitness. The limit of daily hours of employment is the same as for adult labour, and, similarly, from the 1st of April 1902 was 102, and two years later became io hours in the 24. Notice of the hours must be affixed, and meal-times or pauses with absolute cessation of work of at least one hour must be specified. By the act of 1892 one day in the week, not necessarily Sunday, had to be given for entire absence from work, in addition to eight recognized annual holidays, but this was modified by a law of 1906 which generally requires Sunday rest, but allows substitution of another day in certain industries and certain circumstances. Night labour - work between 9 P.M. and 5 A.M. - is prohibited for workers under 18, and only exceptionally permitted, under conditions, for girls and women over 18 in specified trades. In mines and underground quarries employment of women and girls is prohibited except at surface works, and at the latter is subject to the same limits as in factories. Boys of 13 may be employed in certain work underground, but under 16 may not be employed more than 8 hours in the 24 from bank to bank. A law of 1905 provided for miners a 9 hours' day and in 1907 an 8 hours' day from the foot of the entrance gallery back to the same point.
As in Great Britain, distinct services of inspection enforce the law in factories and mines respectively. In factories and workshops an inspector may order re-examination as to physical fitness for the work imposed of any worker under 16; certain occupations and processes are prohibited - e.g. girls under 16 at machines worked by treadles, and the weights that may be lifted, pushed or carried by girls or boys under 18 are carefully specified. The law applies generally to philanthropic and religious institutions where industrial work is carried on, as in ordinary trading establishments; and this holds good even if the work is by way of technical instruction. Domestic workshops are not controlled unless the industry is classed as dangerous or unhealthy; introduction of motor power brings them under inspection.
General sanitation in industrial establishments is provided for in a law of 1893, amended in 1903, and is supplemented by administrative regulations for special risks due to poisons, dust, explosive substances, gases, fumes, &c. Ventilation, both general and special, lighting, provision of lavatories, cloakrooms, good drinking water, drainage and cleanliness are required in all workplaces, shops, warehouses, restaurant kitchens, and where workers are lodged by their employers hygienic conditions are prescribed for dormitories. In many industries women, children and young workers are either absolutely excluded from specified unhealthy processes, or are admitted only under conditions. As regards shops and offices, the labour laws are: one which protects apprentices against overwork (law of 22 February 1851), one (law of 29 December 1900) which requires that seats shall be provided for women and girls employed in retail sale of articles, and a decree of the 28th of July 1904 defining in detail conditions of hygiene in dormitories for workmen and shop assistants. The law relating to seats is enforced by the inspectors of factories.
In France there is no special penal legislation against abuses of the truck system, or excessive fines and deductions from wages, although bills with that end in view have frequently been before parliament. Indirect protection to workers is no doubt in many cases afforded in organized industries by the action of the "Conseils de Prud'hommes. Belgium. - In" 1848 in Belgium the Commission on Labour proposed legislation to limit, as in France, the hours of labour for adults, but this proposal was never passed. Belgian regulation of labour in industry remains essentially, in harmony with its earliest beginnings in 1863 and onwards, a series of specialized provisions to meet particular risks of individual trades, and did not, until 1889, give any adherence to a common principle of limitation of hours and times of labour for " protected " persons. This was in the law of the 13th of December 1889, which applies to mines, quarries, factories, workshops classed as unhealthy, wharves and docks, transports. As in France, industrial establishments having a charitable or philanthropic or educational character are included. The persons protected are girls and women under 21 years, and boys under 16; and women over 21 only find a place in the law through the prohibition of their employment within four weeks after childbirth. As the hours of labour of adult women remain ordinarily unlimited by law, so are the hours of boys from 16 to 21. The law of Sunday rest dated the 17th of July 1905, however, applies to labour generally in all industrial and commercial undertakings except transport and fisheries, with certain regulated exceptions for (a) cases of breakdown or urgency due to "force majeure, (b") certain repairs and cleaning, ("c) " perishable materials, ("d") retail food supply. Young workers are excluded from the exceptions. The absolute prohibitions of employment are: for children under 12 years in any industry, manufacturing or mining or transport, and for women and girls under 21 years below the surface in working of mines. Boys under. 16 years and women and girls under 21 years may in general not be employed before 5 A.M. or after 9 P.M., and one day in the seven is to be set apart for rest from employment; to these rules exception may be made either by royal decree for classes or groups of processes, or by local authorities in exceptional cases. The exceptions may be applied, generally, only to workers over 14 years, but in mines, by royal decree, boys over 12 years may be employed from 4 A.M. The law of 1889 fixes only a maximum of 12 hours of effective work, to be interrupted by pauses for rest of not less than 12 hours, empowering the king by decree to formulate more precise limits suited to the special circumstances of individual industries. Royal decrees have accordingly laid down the conditions for many groups, including textile trades, manufacture of paper, pottery, glass, clothing, mines, quarries, engineering and printing works. In some the daily limit is 10 hours, but in more 102 or I I hours. In a few exceptionally unhealthy trades, such as the manufacture of lucifer matches, vulcanization of india-rubber by means of carbcn bi-sulphide, the age of exclusion from employment has been raised, and in the last-named process hours have been reduced to 5, broken into two spells of 21. hours each.
As a rule the conditions of health and safeguarding of employments in exceptionally injurious trades have been sought by a series of decrees under the law of 1863 relating to public health in such industries. Special regulations for safety of workers have been introduced in manufactures of white-lead, oxides of lead, chromate of lead, lucifer match works, rag and shoddy works; and for dangers common to many industries, provisions against dust, poisons, accidents and other risks to health or limb have been codified in a decree of 1896. A royal decree of the 31st of March 1903 prohibits employment of persons under 16 years in fur-pulling and in carotting of rabbit skins, and another of the 13th of May 1905 regulates use of lead in house-painting. In 1898 a law was passed to enable the authorities to deal with risks in quarries under the same procedure. Safety in mines (which are not private property, but state concessions to be worked under strict state control) has been provided for since 1810. In matters of hygiene, until 1899 the powers of the public health authorities to intervene were insufficient, and a law was passed authorizing the government to make regulations for every kind of risk in any undertaking, whether classed under the law of public health or not. By a special law of 1888 children and young persons under 18 years are excluded from employment as pedlars, hawkers or in circuses, except by their parents, and then only if they have attained 14 years.
Abuses of the truck system have, since 1887, been regulated with care. The chief objects of the law of 1887 were to secure payment in full to all workers, other than those in agriculture or domestic service, of wages in legal tender, to prohibit payment of wages in public-houses, and to secure prompt payment of wages. Certain deductions were permitted under careful control for specific customary objects: lodging, use of land, uniforms, food, firing. A royal order of the Loth of October 1903 required use of automatic indicators for estimating wages in certain cases in textile processes. The law of the 15th of June 1896 regulates the affixing in workplaces, where at least five workers are employed, of a notice of the working rules, the nature and rate of fines, if any, and the mode of their application. Two central services the mines inspectorate and the factory and workshop inspectorate, divide the duties above indicated. There is also a system of local administration of the regulations relating to industries classed as unhealthy, but the tendency has been to give the supreme control in these matters to the factory service, with its expert staff.
Holland.
The first law for regulation of labour in manufacture was passed in 1874, and this related only to employment of children. The basis of all existing regulations was established in the law of the 5th of May 1889, which applies to all industrial undertakings, excluding agriculture and forestry, fishing, stock-rearing. Employment of children under 12 years is prohibited, and hours are limited for young persons under 16 and for women of any age. These protected persons may be excluded by royal decree from unhealthy industries, and such industries are specified in a decree of 1897 which supersedes other earlier regulations. Hours of employment must not exceed 11 in the 24, and at least one hour for rest must be given between II A.M. and 3 P.M., which hour must not be spent in a workroom. Work before 5 A.M. or after 7 P.M., Sunday work, and work on recognized holidays is generally prohibited, but there are exceptions. Overtime from "7" to to P.M., under conditions, is allowed for women and young workers, and Sunday work for 'women, for example, in butter and cheese making, and night work for boys over 14 in certain industries. Employment of women within four weeks of childbirth is prohibited. Notices of working hours must be affixed in workplaces. Underground work in mines is prohibited for women and young persons under 16, but in Holland mining is a very small industry.
In 1895 the first legislative provision was made for protection of workers against risk of accident or special injury to health. Sufficient cubic space, lighting, ventilation, sanitary accommodation, reasonable temperature, removal of noxious gases or dust, fencing of machinery, precautions against risk from fire and other matters are provided for. The manufacture of lucifer matches by means of white phosphorus was forbidden and the export, importation and sale was regulated by a law of the 28th of May 1901. By a regulation of the 16th of March 1904 provisions for safety and health of women and young workers were strengthened in processes where lead compounds or other poisons are used, and their employment at certain dangerous machines and in cleaning machinery or near driving belts was prohibited. No penal provision against truck exists in Holland, but possibly abuses of the system are prevented by the existence of industrial councils representing both employers and workers, with powers to mediate or arbitrate in case of disputes.
Switzerland.
In Switzerland separate cantonal legislation prepared the way for the general Federal labour law of 1877 on which subsequent legislation rests. Such legislation is also cantonal as well as Federal, but in the latter there is only amplification or interpretation of the principles contained in the law of 1877, whereas cantonal legislation covers industries not included under the Federal law, "e.g." single workers employed in a trade ("métier") and employment in shops, offices and hotels. The Federal law is applied to factories, workshops employing young persons under 18 or more than 10 workers, and workshops in which unhealthy or dangerous processes are carried on. Mines are not included, but are regulated in some respects as regards health and safety by cantonal laws. Further, the Law of Employers' Liability 1881-1887, which requires in all industries precautions against accidents and reports of all serious. accidents to the cantonal governments, applies to mines.
This led, in 1896, to the creation of a special mining department, and mines, of which there are few, have to be inspected once a year by a mining engineer. The majority of the provisions of the Federal labour law apply to adult workers of both sexes, and the general limit of the II-hours' day, exclusive of at least one hour for meals, applies to men as well as women. The latter have, however, a legal claim, when they have a household to manage, to leave work at the dinner-hour half an hour earlier than the men. Men and unmarried women may be employed in such subsidiary work as cleaning before or after the general legal limits. On Saturdays and eves of the eight public holidays the II-hours' day is reduced to 10. Sunday work and night work are forbidden, but exceptions are permitted conditionally. Night work is defined as 8 P.M. to 5 A.M. in summer, 8 P.M. to 6 A.M. in winter. Children are excluded from employment in workplaces, under the law until 14 years of age, and until 16 must attend continuation schools. Zurich canton has fixed the working day for women at 10 hours generally, and 9 hours on Saturdays and eves of holidays. Bale-Ville canton has the same limits and provides that the very limited Sunday employment permitted shall be compensated by double time off on another day. In the German-speaking cantons girls under 18 are not permitted to work overtime; in all cantons except Glarus the conditional overtime of 2 hours must be paid for at an enhanced wage.
Sanitary regulations and fencing of machinery are provided for with considerable minuteness in a Federal decree of 1897. The plans of every new factory must be submitted to the cantonal government. In the case of lucifer match factories, not only the building but methods of manufacture must be submitted. Since 1901 the manufacture, sale and import of matches containing white phosphorus have been forbidden. Women must be absent from employment during eight weeks before and after childbirth. In certain dangerous occupations, "e.g." where lead or lead compounds are in use, women may not legally be employed during pregnancy. A resolution of the federal council in 1901 classed thirty-four different substances in use in industry as dangerous and laid down that in case of clearly defined illness of workers directly caused by use of any of these substances the liability provided by article 3 of the law of the 25th of June 1881, and article I of the law of the 26th of April 1887, should apply to the manufacture.
Legislative provision against abuses of the truck system appears to be of earlier origin in Switzerland (17th century) than any other European country outside England (15th century). The Federal Labour Law 1877 generally prohibits payment of wages otherwise than in current coin, and provides that no deduction shall be made without an express contract. Some of the cantonal laws go much farther than the British act of 1896 in forbidding certain deductions; "e.g." Zurich prohibits any charge for cleaning, warming or lighting workrooms or for hire of machinery. By the Federal law fines may not exceed half a day's wage. Administration of the Labour laws is divided between inspectors appointed by the Federal Government and local authorities, under supervision of the cantonal governments. The Federal Government forms a court of appeal against decisions of the cantonal governments.
Germany.
Regulation of the conditions of labour in industry throughout the German empire is provided for in the Imperial Industrial Code and the orders of the Federal Council based thereon. By far the most important recent amendment socially is the law regulating child-labour, dated the 30th of March 1903, which relates to establishments having industrial character in the sense of the Industrial Code. This Code is based on earlier industrial codes of the separate states, but more especially on the Code of 1869 of the North German Confederation. It applies in whole or in part to all trades and industrial occupations, except transport, fisheries and agriculture. Mines are only included so far as truck, Sunday and holiday rest, prohibition of employment underground of female labour, limitation of the hours of women and young workers are concerned; otherwise the regulations for protection of life and limb of miners vary, as do the mining laws of the different states.
To estimate the force of the Industrial Code in working, it is necessary to bear in mind the complicated political history of the empire, the separate administration by the federated states, and the generally considerable powers vested in administration of initiating regulations. The Industrial Code expressly retains power for the states to initiate certain additions or exceptions to the Code which in any given state may form part of the law regulating factories there. The Code (unlike the Austrian Industrial Code) lays down no general limit for a normal working day for adult male workers, but since 1891 full powers were given to the Imperial government to limit hours for any classes of workers in industries where excessive length of the working day endangers the health of the worker (R.G.O. § 120e). Previously application had been made of powers to reduce the working day in such unhealthy industries as silvering of mirrors by mercury and the manufacture of white-lead. Separate states had, under mining laws, also limited hours of miners. Sunday rest was, in 1891, secured for every class of workers, commercial, industrial and mining. Annual holidays were also secured on church festivals. These provisions, however, are subject to exceptions under conditions.
An important distinction has to be shown when we turn to the regulations for hours and times of labour for protected persons (women, young persons and children). Setting aside for the moment hours of shop assistants (which are under special sections since 1900), it is to " factory workers " and not to industrial workers in general that these limits apply, although they may be, and in some instances have been, further extended - for instance, in ready-made clothing trades - by imperial decree to workshops, and by the Child Labour Law of 1903 regulation of the scope and duration of employment of children is much strengthened in workshops, commerce, transport and domestic industries. The term " factory " ("Fabrik") is not defined in the Code, but it is clear from various decisions of the supreme court that it only in part coincides with the English term, and that some workplaces, where processes are carried on by aid of mechanical power, rank rather as English workshops. The distinction is rather between wholesale manufacturing industry, with subdivision of labour, and small industry, where the employer works himself. Certain classes of undertaking, viz. forges, timber-yards, dockyards, brickfields and open quarries, are specifically ranked as factories. Employment of protected persons at the surface of mines and underground quarries, and in salt works and ore-dressing works, and of boys underground comes under the factory regulations. These exclude children from employment under 13 years, and even later if an educational certificate has not been obtained; until 14 years hours of employment may not exceed 6 in the 24.
In processes and occupations under the scope of the Child Labour Law children may not be employed by their parents or guardians before Jo years of age or by other employers before 12 years of age; nor between the hours of 8 P.M. and 8 A.M., nor otherwise than in full compliance with requirements of educational authorities for school attendance and with due regard to prescribed pauses. In school term time the daily limit of employment for children is three hours, in holiday time three hours. As regards factories Germany, unlike Great Britain, France and Switzerland, requires a shorter day for young persons than for women - io hours for the former, t t hours for the latter. Women over 16 years may be employed i 1 hours. Night work is forbidden, "i.e." work between 8.30 P.M. and 5.30 A.M. Overtime may be granted to meet unforeseen pressure or for work on perishable articles, under conditions, by local authorities and the higher administrative authorities. Prescribed meal-times are - an unbroken half-hour for children in their 6 hours; for young persons a midday pause of one hour, and half an hour respectively in the morning and afternoon spells; for women, an hour at midday, but women with the care of a household have the claim, on demand, to an extra halfhour, as in Switzerland. No woman may be employed within four weeks after childbirth, and unless a medical certificate can then be produced, the absence must extend to six weeks. Notice of working periods and meal-times must be affixed, and copies sent to the local authorities. Employment of protected persons in factory industries where there are special risks to health or morality may be forbidden or made dependent on special conditions. By the Child Labour Law employment of children is forbidden in brickworks, stone breaking, chimney sweeping, street cleaning and other processes and occupations. By an order of the Federal Council in 1902 female workers were excluded from main processes in forges and rolling mills.
All industrial employers alike are bound to organize labour in such a manner as to secure workers against injury to health and to ensure good conduct and propriety. Sufficient light, suitable cloakrooms and sanitary accommodation, and ventilation to carry off dust, vapours and other impurities are especially required. Diningrooms may be ordered by local authorities. Fencing and provision for safety in case of fire are required in detail. The work of the trade accident insurance associations in preventing accidents is especially recognized in provisions for special rules in dangerous or unhealthy industries. Officials of the state factory departments are bound to give opportunity to trustees of the trade associations to express an opinion on special rules. In a large number of industries the Federal Council has laid down special rules comparable with those for unhealthy occupations in Great Britain. Among the regulations most recently revised and strengthened are those for manufacture of lead colours and lead compounds, and for horse-hair and brushmaking factories.
The relations between the state inspectors of factories and the ordinary police authorities are regulated in each state by its constitution. Prohibitions of truck in its original sense - that is, payment of wages otherwise than in current coin - apply to any persons under a contract of service with an employer for a specified time for industrial purposes; members of a family working for a parent or husband are not included; outworkers are covered. Control of fines and deductions from wages applies only in factory industries and shops employing at least 20 workers. Shop hours are regulated by requiring shops to be closed generally between 9 P.M. and 5 A.M., by requiring a fixed midday rest of t 2 hours and at least 10 hours' rest in the 24 for assistants. These limits can be modified by administrative authority. Notice of hours and working rules must be affixed. During the hours of compulsory closing sale of goods on the streets or from house to house is forbidden. Under the Commercial Code, as under the Civil Code, every employer is bound to adopt every possible measure for maintaining the safety, health and good conduct of his employees. By an order of the Imperial Chancellor under the Commercial Code seats must be provided for commercial assistants and apprentices.
Austria.
The Industrial Code of Austria, which in its present outline (modified by later enactments) dates from 1883, must be carefully distinguished from the Industrial Code of the kingdom of Hungary. The latter is, owing to the predominantly agricultural character of the population, of later origin, and hardly had practical force before the law of 1893 provided for inspection and prevention of accidents in factories. No separate mining code exists in Hungary, and conditions of labour are regulated by the Austrian law of 1854. The truck system is repressed on lines similar to those in Austria and Germany. As regards limitation of hours of adult labour, Hungary may be contrasted with both those empires in that no restriction of hours applies either to men's or women's hours, whereas in Austrian factories both are limited to an t i-hours' day with exceptional overtime for which payment must always be made to the worker.
The Austrian Code has its origin, however, like the British Factory Acts, in protection of child labour. Its present scope is determined by the Imperial " Patent " of 1859, and all industrial labour is included except mining, transport, fisheries, forestry, agriculture and domestic industries. Factories are defined as including industries in which a " manufacturing process is carried on in an enclosed place by the aid of not less than twenty workers working with machines, with subdivision of labour, and under an employer who does not himself manually assist in the work." In smaller handicraft industries the compulsory gild system of organization still applies. In every industrial establishment, large or small, the sanitary and safety provisions, general requirement of Sunday rest, and annual holidays (with conditional exceptions), prohibition of truck and limitation of the ages of child labour apply. Night work for women, 8 P.M. to 5 A.M., is prohibited only in factory industries; for young workers it is prohibited in any industry. Pauses in work are required in all industries; one hour at least must be given at midday, and if the morning and afternoon spells exceed 5 hours each, another half-hour's rest at least must be given. Children may not be employed in industrial work before 12 years, and then only 8 hours a day at work that is not injurious and if educational requirements are observed. The age of employment is raised to 14 for " factories," and the work must be such as will not hinder physical development. Women may not be employed in regular industrial occupation within one month after childbirth.
In certain scheduled unhealthy industries, where certificates of authorization from local authorities must be obtained by intending occupiers, conditions of health and safety for workers can be laid down in the certificate. The Minister of the Interior is empowered to draw up regulations prohibiting or making conditions for the employment of young workers or women in dangerous or unhealthy industries. The provisions against truck cover not only all industrial workers engaged in manual labour under a contract with an employer, but also shopassistants; the special regulations against fines and deductions apply to factory workers and shops where at least 20 workers are employed. In mines under the law of 1884, which supplements the general mining law, employment of women and girls underground is prohibited; boys from 12 to 16 and girls from 12 to 18 may only be employed at light work above ground; 14 is the earliest age of admission for boys underground. The shifts from bank to bank must not exceed 12 hours, of which not more than to may be effective work. Sunday rest must begin not later than 6 A.M., and must be of 24 hours' duration. These last two provisions do not hold in case of pressing danger for safety, health or property. Sick and accident funds and mining associations are legislated for in minutest detail. The general law provides for safety in working, but special rules drawn up by the district authorities lay down in detail the conditions of health and safety. As regards manufacturing industry, the Industrial Code lays no obligation on employers to report accidents, and until the Accident Insurance Law of 1889 came into force no statistics were available. In Austria, unlike Germany, the factory inspectorate is organized throughout under a central chief inspector.
Scandinavian Countries.
In Sweden the Factory Law was amended in January 1901; in Denmark in July 1901. Until that year, however, Norway was in some respects in advance of the other two countries by its law of 1892, which applied to industrial works, including metal works of all kinds and mining. Women were thereby prohibited from employment: (a) underground; ("b") in cleaning or oiling machinery in motion; ("c") during six weeks after childbirth, unless provided with a medical certificate stating that they might return at the end of four weeks without injury to health; ("d") in dangerous, unhealthy or exhausting trades during pregnancy. Further, work on Sundays and public holidays is prohibited to all workers, adult and youthful, with conditional exceptions under the authority of the inspectors. Children over 12 are admitted to industrial work on obtaining certificates of birth, of physical fitness and of elementary education. The hours of children are limited to 6, with pauses, and of young persons (of 14 to 18 years) to 10, with pauses. Night work between 8 P.M. and 6 A.M. is prohibited. All workers are entitled to a copy of a code of factory rules containing the terms of the contract of work drawn up by representatives of employees with the employers and sanctioned by the inspector. Health and safety in working are provided for in detail in the same law of 1892. Special rules may be made for dangerous trades, and in 1899 such rules were established for match factories, similar to some of the British rules, but notably providing for a dental examination four times yearly by a doctor.
In Denmark, regulation began with unhealthy industries, and it was not until the law of 1901 came into force, on 1 January 1902, that children under 12 years have been excluded from factory labour. Control of child labour can be strengthened by municipal regulation, and this has been done in Copenhagen by an order of the 23rd of May 1903. In Sweden the 12 years' limit had for some time held in the larger factories; the scope has been extended so that it corresponds with the Norwegian law. The hours of children are, in Denmark, 62 for those under 14 years; in Sweden 6 for those under 13 years. Young persons may not in either country work more than 10 hours daily, and night work, which is forbidden for persons under 18 years, is now defined as in Norway. Women may not be employed in industry within four weeks of childbirth, except on authority of a medical certificate. All factories in Sweden where young workers are employed are subject to medical inspection once a year. Fencing of machinery and hygienic conditions (ventilation, cubic space, temperature, light) are regulated in detail. In Denmark the use of white phosphorus in manufacture of lucifer matches has been prohibited since 1874, and special regulations have been drawn up by administrative orders which strengthen control of various unhealthy or dangerous industries, dry-cleaning works, printing works and type foundries, iron foundries and engineering works. A special act of the 6th of April 1906 regulates labour and sanitary conditions in bakehouses and confectionery works.
Italy and Spain.
The wide difference between the industrial development of these southern Latin countries and the two countries with which this summary begins, and the far greater importance of the agricultural interests, produced a situation, as regards labour legislation until as recently as 1903, which makes it convenient to touch on the comparatively limited scope of their regulations at the close of the series. It was stated by competent and impartial observers from each of the two countries, at the International Congress on Labour Laws held at Brussels in 1897, that the lack of adequate measures for protection of child labour and inefficient administration of such regulations as exist was then responsible for abuse of their forces that could be found in no other European countries. " Their labour in factories, workshops, and mines constitutes a veritable martyrdom " (Spain). " I believe that there is no country where a sacrifice of child life is made that is comparable with that in certain Italian factories and industries " (Italy). In both countries important progress has since been made in organizing inspection and preventing accidents. In Spain the first step in the direction of limitation of women's hours of labour was taken by a law of 1900, which took effect in 1902, in regulations for reduction of hours of labour for adults to II, normally, in the 24. Hours of children under 14 must not exceed 6 in any industrial work nor 8 in any commercial undertaking. Labour before the age of 10 years and night work between 6P.M. and 5 A.M. was prohibited, and powers were taken to extend the prohibition of night work to young persons under 16 years. The labour of children in Italy was until 1902 regulated in the main by a law of 1886, but a royal decree of 1899 strengthened it by classing night work for children under 12 years as " injurious," such work being thereby generally prohibited for them, though exceptions are admitted; at the same time it was laid down that children from 12 to 15 years might not be employed for more than 6 hours at night.
The law of 1886 prohibits employment of children under 9 years in industry and under To years in underground mining. Night work for women was in Italy first prohibited by the law of the 19th of June 1902, and at the same time also for boys under 15, but this regulation was not to take full effect for 5 years as regards persons already so employed; by the same law persons under 15 and women of any age were accorded the claim to one day's complete rest of 24 hours in the week; the age of employment of children in factories, workshops, laboratories, quarries, mines, was raised to 12 years generally and 14 years for underground work; the labour of female workers of any age was prohibited in underground work, and power was reserved to further restrict and regulate their employment as well as that of male workers under 15. Spain and Italy, the former by the law of the 13th of March 1900, the latter by the law of the 19th of June 1902, prohibit the employment of women within a fixed period of childbirth; in Spain the limit is three weeks, in Italy one month, which may be reduced to three weeks on a medical certificate of fitness. Sunday rest is secured in industrial works, with regulated exceptions in Spain by the law of the 3rd of March 1904. It is in the direction of fencing and other safeguards against accidents and as regards sanitary provisions, both in industrial workplaces and in mines, that Italy has made most advance since her law of 1890 for prevention of accidents. Special measures for prevention of malaria are required in cultivation of rice by a ministerial circular of the 23rd of April 1903; work may not begin until an hour after sunrise and must cease an hour before sunset; children under 13 may not be employed in this industry.
United States.
Under the general head of Labour Legislation all American statute laws regulating labour, its conditions, and the relation of employer and employee must be classed. It includes what is properly known as factory legislation. Labour legislation belongs to the latter half of the 19th century, so far as the United States is concerned. Like England in the far past, the Americans in colonial days undertook to regulate wages and prices, and later the employment of apprentices. Legislation relating to wages and prices was long ago abandoned, but the laws affecting the employment of apprentices still exist in some form, although conditions of employment have changed so materially that apprenticeships are not entered as of old; but the laws regulating the employment of apprentices were the basis on which English legislation found a foothold when parliament wished to regulate the labour of factory operatives. The code of labour laws of the present time is almost entirely the result of the industrial revolution during the latter part of the 18th century, under which the domestic or hand-labour system was displaced through the introduction of power machinery. As this revolution took place in the United States at a somewhat later date than in England, the labour legislation necessitated by it belongs to a later date. The factory, so far as textiles are concerned, was firmly established in America during the period from 1820 to 1840, and it was natural that the English legislation found friends and advocates in the United States, although the more objectionable conditions accompanying the English factory were not to be found there.
The first attempt to secure legislation regulating factory employment related to the hours of labour, which were very long - from twelve to thirteen hours a day. Early during the introduction of machinery, it was felt that the tension resulting from speeded machines and the close attention required in the factory ought to be accompanied by a shorter work day. This view took firm hold of the operatives and was the chief cause of the agitation which has resulted in a great body of laws applying in very many directions. As early as 1806 the caulkers and shipbuilders of New York City agitated for a reduction of hours to ten per day, but no legislation followed. There were several other attempts to secure some regulation relative to hours, but there was no general agitation prior to 1831. As Massachusetts was the state which first recognized the necessity of regulating employment (following in a measure, and so far as conditions demanded, the English labour or factory legislation), the history of such legislation in that state is indicative of that in the United States, and as it would be impossible in this article to give a detailed history of the origin of laws in the different states, the dates of their enactment, and their provisions, it is best to follow primarily the course of the Eastern states, and especially that of Massachusetts, where the first general agitation took place and the first laws were enacted. That state in 1836 regulated by law the question of the education of young persons employed in manufacturing establishments. The regulation of hours of labour was warmly discussed in 1832, and several legislative committees and commissions reported upon it, but no specific action on the general question of hours of labour secured the indorsement of the Massachusetts legislature until 1874, although the day's labour of children under twelve years of age was limited to ten hours in 1842. Ten hours constituted a day's labour, on a voluntary basis, in many trades in Massachusetts and other parts of the country as early as 1853, while in the shipbuilding trades this was the work-day in 1844. In April 1840 President Van Buren issued an order " that all public establishments will hereafter be regulated, as to working hours, by the ten-hours system." The real aggressive movement began in 1845, through numerous petitions to the Massachusetts legislature urging a reduction of the day's labour to eleven hours, but nothing came of these petitions at that time. Again, in 1850, a similar effort was made, and also in 1851 and 1852, but the bills failed. Then there was a period of quiet until 1865, when an unpaid commission made a report relative to the hours of labour, and recommended the establishment of a bureau of statistics for the purpose of collecting data bearing upon the labour question. This was the first step in this direction in any country. The first bureau of the kind was established in Massachusetts in 1869, but meanwhile, in accordance with reports of commissions and the address of Governor Bullock in 1866, and the general sentiment which then prevailed, the legislature passed an act regulating in a measure the conditions of the employment of children in manufacturing establishments; and this is one of the first laws of the kind in the United States, although the first legislation in the United States relating to the hours of labour which the writer has been able to find, and for which he can fix a date, was enacted by the state of Pennsylvania in 1849, the law providing that ten hours should be a day's work in cotton, woollen, paper, bagging, silk and flax factories.
The Massachusetts law of 1866 provided, firstly, that no child under ten should be employed in any manufacturing establishment, and that no child between ten and fourteen should be so employed unless he had attended some public or private school at least six months during the year preceding such employment, and, further, that such employment should not continue unless the child attended school at least six months in each and every year; secondly, a penalty not exceeding $50 for every owner or agent or other person knowingly employing a child in violation of the act; thirdly, that no child under the age of fourteen should be employed in any manufacturing establishment more than eight hours in any one day; fourthly, that any parent or guardian allowing or consenting to employment in violation of the act should forfeit a sum not to exceed $50 for each offence; fifthly, that the Governor instruct the state constable and his deputies to enforce the provisions of all laws for regulating the employment of children in manufacturing establishments. The same legislature also created a commission of three persons, whose duty it was to investigate the subject of hours of labour in relation to the social, educational and sanitary condition of the working classes. In 1867 a fundamental law relating to schooling and hours of labour of children employed in manufacturing and mechanical establishments was passed by the Massachusetts legislature. It differed from the act of the year previous in some respects, going deeper into the general question. It provided that no child under ten should be employed in any manufacturing or mechanical establishment of the commonwealth, and that no child between ten and fifteen should be so employed unless he had attended school, public or private, at least three months during the year next preceding his employment. There were provisions relating to residence, &c., and a further provision that no time less than 120 half-days of actual schooling should be deemed an equivalent of three months, and that no child under fifteen should be employed in any manufacturing or mechanical establishment more than sixty hours any one week. The law also provided penalties for violation. It repealed the act of 1866.
In 1869 began the establishment of that chain of offices in the United States, the principle of which has been adopted by other countries, known as bureaus of statistics of labour, their especial purpose being the collection and dissemination of information relating to all features of industrial employment. As a result of the success of the first bureau, bureaus are in existence in thirty-three states, in addition to the United States Bureau of Labour.
A special piece of legislation which belongs to the commonwealth of Massachusetts, so far as experience shows, was that in 1872, providing for cheap morning and evening trains for the accommodation of working men living in the vicinity of Boston. Great Britain had long had such trains, which were called parliamentary trains. Under the Massachusetts law some of the railways running out of Boston furnished the accommodation required, and the system has since been in operation.
In different parts of the country the agitation to secure legislation regulating the hours of labour became aggressive again in 1870 and the years immediately following, there being a constant repetition of attempts to secure the "Factory " enactment of a ten-hours law, but in Massachusetts "legisia- " ? "tion, /877 " all the petitions failed till 1874, when the legislature of that commonwealth established the hours of labour at sixty per week not only for children under eighteen, but for women, the law providing that no minor under eighteen and no woman over that age should be employed by any person, firm or corporation in any manufacturing establishment more than ten hours in any one day. In 1876 Massachusetts reconstructed its laws relating to the employment of children, although it did not abrogate the principles involved in earlier legislation, while in 1877 the commonwealth passed Factory Acts covering the general provisions of the British laws. It provided for the general inspection of factories and public buildings, the provisions of the law relating to dangerous machinery, such as belting, shafting, gearing, drums, &c., which the legislature insisted must be securely guarded, and that no machinery other than steam engines should be cleaned while running. The question of ventilation and cleanliness was also attended to. Dangers connected with hoistways, elevators and well-holes were minimized by their protection by sufficient trap-doors, while fire-escapes were made obligatory on all establishments of three or more storeys in height. All main doors, both inside and outside, of manufacturing establishments, as well as those of churches, school-rooms, town halls, theatres and every building used for public assemblies, should open outwardly whenever the factory inspectors of the commonwealth deemed it necessary. These provisions remain in the laws of Massachusetts, and other states have found it wise to follow them.
The labouur legislation in force in 1910 in the various states of the Union might be classified in two general branches: (A) protective labor legislation, or laws for the aid of workers who, on account of their economic dependence, are not in a position fully to protect themselves; (B) legislation having for its purpose the fixing of the legal status of the worker as an employee, such as laws relating to the making and breaking of the labor contract, the right to form organizations and to assemble peaceably, the settlement of labour disputes, the licensing of occupations, &c.
(A) The first class includes factory and workshop acts, laws relating to hours of labour, work on Sundays and holidays, the payment of wages, the liability of employers for injuries to their employees, &c. Factory acts have been passed by "Factory " nearly all the states of the Union. These may be "and work- " considered in two groups - first, laws which relate to conditions of employment and affect only children, young persons and women; and second, laws which relate to the sanitary condition of factories and workshops and to the safety of employees generally. The states adopting such laws have usually made provision for factory inspectors, whose duties are to enforce these laws and who have power to enter and inspect factories and workshops. The most common provisions of the factory acts in the various states are those which fix an age limit below which employment is unlawful. All but five states have enacted such provisions, and these five states have practically no manufacturing industries. In some states the laws fixing an age limit are restricted in their application to factories, while in others they extend also to workshops, bakeries, mercantile establishments and other work places where children are employed. The prescribed age limit varies from ten to fourteen years. Provisions concerning the education of children in factories and workshops may be considered in two groups, those relating to apprenticeship and those requiring a certain educational qualification as a prerequisite to employment. Apprenticeship laws are numerous, but they do not now have great force, because of the practical abrogation of the apprenticeship system through the operation of modern methods of production. Most states have provisions prohibiting illiterates under a specified age, usually sixteen, from being employed in factories and workshops. The provisions of the factory acts relating to hours of labour and night work generally affect only the employment of women and young persons. Most of the states have enacted such provisions, those limiting the hours of children occurring more frequently than those limiting the hours of women. The hour limit for work in such cases ranges from six per day to sixty-six per week. Where the working time of children is restricted, the minimum age prescribed for such children ranges from twelve to twenty-one years. In some cases the restriction of the hours of labour of women and children is general, while in others it applies only to employment in one or more classes of industries. Other provisions of law for the protection of women and children, but not usually confined in their operation to factories and workshops, are such as require seats for females and separate toilet facilities for the sexes, and prohibit employment in certain occupations as in mines, places where intoxicants are manufactured or sold, in cleaning or operating dangerous machinery, &c. Provisions of factory acts relating to the sanitary condition of factories and workshops and the safety of employees have been enacted in nearly all the manufacturing states of the Union. They prohibit overcrowding, and require proper ventilation, sufficient light and heat, the lime-washing or painting of walls and ceilings, the provision of exhaust fans and blowers in places where dust or dangerous fumes are generated, guards on machinery, mechanical belts and gearing shifters, guards on elevators and hoistways, hand-rails on stairs, fire-escapes, &c.
The statutes relating to hours of labour may be considered under five groups, namely: (1) general laws which merely fix what shall be regarded as a day's labour in the absence of a contract; (2) laws defining what shall constitute a day's work on public roads; (3) laws limiting the hours of labour per day on public works; (4) laws limiting the hours of labour in certain occupations; and (5) laws which specify the hours per day or per week during which women and children may be employed. The statutes included in the first two groups place no restrictions upon the number of hours which may be agreed upon between employers and employees, while those in the other three groups usually limit the freedom of contract and provide penalties for their violation. A considerable number of states have enacted laws which fix a day's labour in the absence of any contract, some at eight and others at ten hours, so that when an employer and an employee make a contract and they do not specify what shall constitute a day's labour, eight or ten hours respectively would be ruled as the day's labour in an action which might come before the courts. In a number of the states it is optional with the citizens to liquidate certain taxes either by cash payments or by rendering personal service. In the latter case the length of the working day is defined by law, eight hours being usually specified. The Federal government and nearly one-half of the states have laws providing that eight hours shall constitute a day's work for employees on public works. Under the Federal Act it is unlawful for any officer of the government or of any contractor or subcontractor for public works to permit labourers and mechanics to work longer than eight hours per day. The state laws concerning hours of labour have similar provisions. Exceptions are provided for cases of extraordinary emergencies, such as danger to human life or property. In many states the hours of labour have been limited by law in occupations in which, on account of their dangerous or insanitary character, the health of the employees would be jeopardized by long hours of labour, or in which the fatigue occasioned by long hours would endanger the lives of the employees or of the public. The occupations for which such special legislation has been enacted are those of employees on steam and street railways, in mines and other underground workings, smelting and refining works, bakeries and cotton and woollen mills. Laws limiting the hours of labour of women and children have been considered under factory and workshop acts.
Nearly all states and Territories of the Union have laws prohibiting the employment of labour on Sunday. These laws usually make it a misdemeanour for persons either to labour themselves or to compel or permit their apprentices, servants or other employees, to labour on the first day of the week. Exceptions are made in the case of household duties or works of necessity or charity, and in the case of members of religious societies who observe some other than the first day of the week.
Statutes concerning the payment of wages of employees may be considered in two groups: (i) those which relate to the employment contract, such as laws fixing the maximum period of wage payments, prohibiting the payment of wages in scrip or other evidences of indebtedness in lieu of lawful money, prohibiting wage deductions on account of fines, breakage of machinery, discounts for prepayments, medical attendance, relief funds or other purposes, requiring the giving of notice of reduction of wages, &c.; (2) legislation granting certain privileges or affording special protection to working people with respect to their wages, such as laws exempting wages from attachment, preferring wage claims in assignments, and granting workmen liens upon buildings and other constructions on which they have been employed.
Employers' liability laws have been passed to enable an employee to recover damages from his employer under certain conditions when he has been injured through accident occurring in the works of the employer. The common-law maxim that the principal is responsible for the acts of his agent does not "liability. " apply where two or more persons are working together under the same employer and one of the employees is injured through the carelessness of his fellow-employee, although the one causing the accident is the agent of the principal, who under the common law would be responsible. The old Roman law and the English and American practice under it held that the co-employee was a party to the accident. The injustice of this rule is seen by a single illustration. A weaver in a cotton factory, where there are hundreds of operatives, is injured by the neglect or carelessness of the engineer in charge of the motive power. Under the common law the weaver could not recover damages from the employer, because he was the co-employee of the engineer. So, one of thousands of employees of a railway system, sustaining injuries through the carelessness of a switchman whom he never saw, could recover no damages from the railway company, both being co-employees of the same employer. The injustice of this application of the common-law rule has been recognized, but the only way to avoid the difficulty was through specific legislation providing that under such conditions as those related, and similar ones, the doctrine of co-employment should not apply, and that the workman should have the same right to recover damages as a passenger upon a railway train. This legislation has upset some of the most notable distinctions of law.
The first agitation for legislation of this character occurred in England in 1880. A number of states in the Union have now enacted statutes fixing the liability of employers under certain conditions and relieving the employee from the application of the common-law rule. Where the employee himself is contributory to the injuries resulting from an accident he cannot recover, nor can he recover in some cases where he knows of the danger from the defects of tools or implements employed by him. The legislation upon the subject involves many features of legislation which need not be described here, such as those concerning the power of employees to make a contract, and those defining the conditions, often elaborate, which lead to the liability of the employer and the duties of the employee, and the relations in which damages for injuries sustained in employment may be recovered from the employer.
(B) The statutes thus far considered may be regarded as protective labour legislation. There is, besides, a large body of statutory laws enacted in the various states for the purpose of fixing the legal status of employers and employees and defining their rights and privileges as such.
A great variety of statutes have been enacted in the various states relating to the labour contract. Among these are laws defining the labour contract, requiring notice of termination of contract, making it a misdemeanour to break a contract of service and thereby endanger human life or expose valuable property to serious injury, or to make a contract of service and accept transportation or pecuniary advancements with intent to defraud, prohibiting contracts of employment whereby employees waive the right to damages in case of injury, &c. A Federal statute makes it a misdemeanour for any one to prepay the transportation or in any way assist or encourage the importation of aliens under contract to perform labour or service of any kind in the United States, exceptions being made in the case of skilled labour that cannot otherwise be obtained, domestic servants and persons belonging to any of the recognized professions.
The Federal government and nearly all the states and territories have statutory provisions requiring the examination and licensing of persons practising certain trades other than those in the class of recognized professions. The Federal statute relates only to engineers on steam vessels, masters, mates, pilots, &c. The occupations for which examinations and licences are required by the various state laws are those of barbers, horseshoers, elevator operators, plumbers, stationary firemen, steam engineers, telegraph operators on railroads and certain classes of mine workers and steam and street railway employees.
The right of combination and peaceable assembly on the part of employees is recognized at common law throughout the United States. Organizations of working-men formed for their mutual benefit, protection and improvement, such for endeavouring to secure higher wages, as g g g shorter hours of labour or better working conditions, are nowhere regarded as unlawful. A number of states and the Federal government have enacted statutes providing for the incorporation of trade unions, but owing to the freedom from regulation or inspection enjoyed by unincorporated trade unions, very few have availed themselves of this privilege. A number of states have enacted laws tending to give special protection to and encourage trade unions. Thus, nearly one-half of the states have passed acts declaring it unlawful for employers to discharge workmen for joining labour organizations, or to make it a condition of employment that they shall not belong to such bodies. Laws of this kind have generally been held to be unconstitutional. Nearly all the states have laws protecting trade unions in the use of the union label, insignia of membership, credentials, &c., and making it a misdemeanour to counterfeit or fraudulently use them. A number of the states exempt labour organizations from the operations of the anti-trust and insurance acts.
Until recent years all legal action concerning labour disturbances was based upon the principles of the common law.
Some of the states have now fairly complete statutory enactments concerning labour disturbances, while g others have little or no legislation of this class. The right of employees to strike for any cause or for no cause is sustained by the common law everywhere in the United States. Likewise an employer has a right to discharge any or all of his employees when they have no contract with him, and he may refuse to employ any person or class of persons for any reason or for no reason. Agreements among strikers to take peaceable means to induce others to remain away from the works of an employer until he yields to the demands of the strikers are not held to be conspiracies under the common law, and the carrying out of such a purpose by peaceable persuasion and without violence, intimidation or threats, is not unlawful. However, any interference with the constitutional rights of another to employ whom he chooses or to labour when, where or on what terms he pleases, is illegal. The boycott has been held to be an illegal conspiracy in restraint of trade. The statutory enactments of the various states concerning labour disturbances are in part re-enactments of the rules of common law and in part more or less departures from or additions to the established principles. The list of such statutory enactments is a large one, and includes laws relating to blacklisting, boycotting, conspiracy against working-men, interference with employment, intimidation, picketing and strikes of railway employees; laws requiring statements of causes of discharge of employees and notice of strikes in advertisements for labour; laws prohibiting deception in the employment of labour and the hiring of armed guards by employers; and laws declaring that certain labour agreements do not constitute conspiracy. Some of these laws have been held to be unconstitutional, and some have not yet been tested in the courts.
The laws just treated relate almost entirely to acts either of employers or of employees, but there is another form of law, namely, - that providing for action to be taken by others in the effort to prevent working people from losing employment, either by their own acts or by those of their employers, or to settle any differences which arise out of controversies relating to wages, hours of labour, terms and conditions of employment, rules, &c. These laws provide for the mediation and the arbitration of labour disputes (see Compulsory arbitration and Conciliation). Twenty-three states and the Federal government have laws or constitutional provisions of this nature. In some cases they provide for the appointment of state boards, and in others of local boards only. A number of states provide for local or special boards in addition to the regular state boards. In some states it is required that a member of a labour organization must be a member of the board, and, in general, both employers and employees must be represented. Nearly all state boards are required to attempt to mediate between the parties to a dispute when information is received of an actual or threatened labour trouble. Arbitration may be undertaken in some states on application from either party, in others on the application of both parties. An agreement to maintain the "status quo" pending arbitration is usually required. The modes of enforcement of obedience to the awards of the boards are various. Some states depend on publicity alone, some give the decisions the effect of judgments of courts of law which may be enforced by execution, while in other states disobedience to such decisions is punishable as for contempt of court. The Federal statute applies only to common carriers engaged in interstate commerce, and provides for an attempt to be made at mediation by two designated government officials in controversies between common carriers and their employees, and, in case of the failure of such an attempt, for the formation of a board of arbitration consisting of the same officials together with certain other parties to be selected. Such arbitration boards are to be formed only at the request or upon the consent of both parties to the controversy.
The enforcement of laws by executive or judicial action is an important matter relating to labour legislation, for without action such laws would remain dead letters. Under the constitutions of the states, the governor is the commander-in-chief of the military forces, and he has the power to order the militia or any part of it into active service in case of insurrection, invasion, tumult, riots or breaches of the peace or imminent danger thereof. Frequent action has been taken in the case of strikes with the view of preventing or suppressing violence threatened or happening to persons or property, the effect being, however, that the militia protects those working or desiring to work, or the employers. The president of the United States may use the land and naval forces whenever by reason of insurrection, domestic violence, unlawful obstructions, conspiracy, combinations or assemblages of persons it becomes impracticable to enforce the laws of the land by the ordinary course of judicial proceedings, or when the execution of the laws is so hindered by reason of such events that any portion or class of the people are deprived thereby of their rights and privileges under the constitution and laws of the country. Under this general power the United States forces have been used for the protection of both employers and employees indirectly, the purpose being to protect mails and, as in the states, to see that the laws are carried out.
The power of the courts to interfere in labour disputes is through the injunction and punishment thereunder for contempt of court. It is a principle of law that when there are interferences, actual or threatened, with property or with rights of a pecuniary nature, and the common or statute law offers no adequate and immediate remedy for the prevention of injury, a court of equity may interpose and issue its order or injunction as to what must or must not be done, a violation of which writ gives the court which issued it the power to punish for contempt. The doctrine is that something is necessary to be done to stop at once the destruction of property and the obstruction of business, and the injunction is immediate in its action. This writ has been resorted to frequently for the indirect protection of employees and of employers.

</doc>
<doc id="19932329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932329" title="List of organizations opposing homelessness">
List of organizations opposing homelessness

This is a list of organizations opposing homelessness.

</doc>
<doc id="19932338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932338" title="Gary Bugenhagen">
Gary Bugenhagen

Gary Alan Bugenhagen (born February 6, 1945 in Buffalo, New York) is a former professional American football offensive lineman in the American Football League and in the National Football League. He was the 4th round draft pick (#102 overall) of the Buffalo Bills in the 1967 NFL Draft, playing offensive tackle there in 1967 and also playing with the Boston Patriots in 1970. He also played with Indianapolis Capitols of the Continental Football League.

</doc>
<doc id="19932342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932342" title="SD Navarro CF">
SD Navarro CF

Sociedad Deportiva Navarro Club de Fútbol is a football team based in Valliniello, Avilés in the autonomous community of Asturias. Founded in 1980, the team plays in Tercera División – Group 2. The club's home ground is "Tabiella", which has a capacity of 1,500 spectators.

</doc>
<doc id="19932351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932351" title="Prince Charles of Luxembourg">
Prince Charles of Luxembourg

Charles Frédéric Louis Guillaume Marie (7 August 1927, Berg Castle - Imbarcati, Pistoia, 26 July 1977), was a Luxembourgian prince, a son of Grand Duchess Charlotte and Felix of Bourbon-Parma.
Born as Prince of Luxembourg, Prince of Nassau, Prince of Bourbon-Parma, he married at St. Edward's, in Sutton Park, Guildford, Surrey, on 1 March 1967 Joan Douglas Dillon (born New York City, New York, 31 January 1935), daughter of U.S. Treasury Secretary C. Douglas Dillon and wife Phyllis Chess Ellsworth.
His wife.
She married firstly in Paris on 1 August 1953 James Brady Moseley (New York City, New York, 22 May 1931 – Boston, Suffolk County, Massachusetts, 9 April 1998), son of Frederick S. Moseley, Jr. and wife Jane H. Brady. They were divorced in Washoe County, Nevada, on 12 December 1955; later the marriage was annulled in Rome on 22 June 1963.
After her second husband's death she married thirdly in Isleboro, Maine, on 3 August 1978 Philippe-François-Armand-Marie, 7th duc de Mouchy, without issue.
Offspring.
Prince Charles and his wife, née Joan Dillon, had two children:

</doc>
<doc id="19932356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932356" title="A23 road (Kenya)">
A23 road (Kenya)

The A23 is a major road in Kenya linking the towns of Voi and Taveta, before crossing the Tanzanian border (where it ceases to be classified as the A23) and serving the towns of Moshi and Arusha. The Taveta branch of the Uganda Railway runs along the road.
Towns.
The following towns, listed from east towards the west, are located along the highway. 
Cultural references.
In the video game "Halo 3", the A23 is referred to as the Tsavo Highway.

</doc>
<doc id="19932380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932380" title="Agustín Balbuena">
Agustín Balbuena

Agustín Alberto Balbuena (born September 1, 1945 in Santa Fe) is a retired Argentine football striker who won four Copa Libertadores and the Copa Intercontinental with Club Atlético Independiente.
Balbuena started his professional playing career in 1964 with home town club Colón de Santa Fe, after a spell with Racing Club he played for Rosario Central where he was a losing finalist in the 1970 Nacional. 
In 1971 Balbuena joined Club Atlético Independiente where he became an important player in the most successful period in the history of the club. He was part of the team that won the 1971 Metropolitano to qualify for the Copa Libertadores. Independiente won the competition on four consecutive occasions, 1972, 1973, 1974 and 1975. He scored the winning gaol in the Copa Intercontinental in 1973 against Juventus F.C.. 
Balbuena was included in the Argentina squad for the 1974 FIFA World Cup, he played for the national team on 8 occasions.
Later in his career he played for Bucaramanga of Colombia and CD FAS of El Salvador.

</doc>
<doc id="19932386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932386" title="Nicole Natalino">
Nicole Natalino

Nicole Monserrat Natalino Torres (born March 5, 1989) is a Chilean singer and modelmade famous from was member former from the band Kudai, she left the band on 2006, and on 2008 she's comeback to her solo music career.
Biography.
Early life.
Nicole Natalino started by doing voices for commercials and her musical debut was at the age of 10. Even though she was a very shy girl, her mother convinced her attend the casting for CIAO. The casting for the group CIAO was held in Chile by their later manager Pablo Vega. Nicole was chosen, along with another girl and two boys (Pablo Holman and Tomas Manzi), by Pablo Vega and together they began their musical career. CIAO sang Italian songs translated to Spanish for children. Together Nicole Natalino, Pablo Holman, Tomas Manzi, and Barbara Sepulveda achieved a successful musical career. Due to their success as CIAO and their age, years later they became Kudai; still under Pablo Vega's management. Together they chose the groups new name, Kudai which they took from the word in mapudungun kudau that means "hard-working young man". In 2004 they met Guz (Gustavo Pinochet) and along with Guz the group wrote their first album as teens and Kudai titled "Vuelo".
Kudai.
In 2004 they released their first studio album "Vuelo". Their first single was "Sin Despertar" which was very successful and popular with teenagers in Latin America. At the beginning of 2005 they released their second single, the ballad "Ya Nada Queda" with great success as well, and later came their third single "Escapar". In August their album Vuelo became platinum. In September 2005, they were nominated for the "Best Central Artist" award and the "Best New Central Artist" award in the MTV Video Music Awards Latin America 2005. In that same month, they released their first DVD of their first tour (2004–2005). With great success in South and Central America their album, Vuelo, was edited in more than six countries and the group passed to form a part of EMI Records. At the beginning of 2006 and with their new album already in the making, they began touring in Chile. Due to the success of their first album they received an invitation to obe of the best events in Latin America, Viña del Mar. Due to their busy schedule they had to decline the invitation to Viña del Mar International Song Festivalthat same year they released the first single of their new album "Sobrevive". 
"Dejame Gritar" was their first single and soon became the Nº1 requested song in radio stations and the most popular music video on Latin MTV. The success of "Sobrevive" took them all the way to Mexico where they became very popular and began the promotion of their first album "Vuelo". In June of that same year and in the middle of the first International tour, the group suffered their first tragedy. Nicole Natalino decided to leave the tour and headed back to Chile. Many rumors spread but it was later said that Nicole went back due to stress and that she would come back. But on June 21, 2006, the Chilean press and tabloids confirmed that Nicole would no longer be part of the group. At that moment, the three remaining members of Kudai and their manager Pablo Vega decided to replace her with Ecuadorian Gabriela Villalba, ex-member of Kiruba who had been the opening act to the group during a few presentations in Ecuador. 
Later the group confirmed that Villalba was staying for good and they re-recorded their latest album "Sobrevive" where they removed Nicole's voice and replaced it with Villalba's. Although they re-recorded the album, the version with Nicole's voice was the version with most copies sold. Kudai continued with their tour and their appearances on television to promote their new album, they even performed on the Mexican Disney Channel with a pre-recording in which even though Gabriela Villalba held the microphone, it was Nicole's voice that fans heard. On October 19, 2006, Kudai won the MTV Video Music Award Latin America for "Best Pop Artist" with their first album "Vuelo". In the acceptance speech, member of Kudai Tomás Cañas gave Nicole credit for her work. Nicole later appeared on Chilean television and confirmed that she saw the award show and although she was given credit in the speech, she was not awarded a tongue.
Solo career.
Nicole work together with the vocalist of Lucybell Claudio Valenzuela on the debut album and ex-producer of Kudai Gustavo Pinochet and his new band SUM. In the song "Nadie" gives voice to the chorus, only she present a demo of the above mentioned song, after it she made song one with Cristian Cardemil called "Flores Crecerán". Nicole Natalino tried to take a normal life but it could not, felt that the music was calling her to the stages was as well as she decides to return to the music under Gustavo's Pinochet production where her album is preparing debut that will go out to the sale in the first of November 2008, already her first one sounds in the radios single "No Hay Más" released in the radio "Hit 40" on July 28, 2008. Some months later Los 40 Principales of Spain are nominated for her first single "No Hay Más", being the first artist in to be nominated with only a success given to knowing about her production.
2008 - Present: Her return to music and Eternidad.
After two years of being away from music and the stage, she began recording what would become her first solo album with the help of Guz in the production and Dr. Alfa in the compositions, whose first single "No Hay Más" was launched on July 28, 2008 on the radio Hit 40, was a success and standing fast in the first national radio stations.
The expectation of the fans from outside was enormous and the single "No Hay Más" then went on the radio in Argentina, Bolivia, Peru, Mexico, Ecuador, Venezuela and Colombia. 
She was nominated by that single in the Top 40 Awards Spain, 14 15 being the first singer to be nominated with just a playing issue. A month later he recorded his video, where he presented his new imagen.16 The clip garnered attention in Via X Zona Latina and later on MTV. 
Nicole Natalino was baptized as "Nico" because as it is a shorter name and more staff, including family, friends, and tell así.5 
Then came the second single and I will be announced the release of their album Eternity on 4 December of that year containing ten new songs plus two speakers. Nicole Natalino signed discs from their fans present that day and sang live their first two singles "No More" and "I will" plus a medley of Kudai. 
Later release his second music video "I will" also announcing its first solo concert for the January 18, 2009 filled that day passed all the subjects of her album and signed autographs after the show to their fans. 
Later presentations are scheduled the first of Eternidad abroad in Peru, Ecuador and Colombia in June and July 2009 Nico noticed that leaving out Kudai is less important than in Chile "Really, when I talk to journalists in Peru or Colombia, or the fans, or radios, they all seem very natural that it is now singing alone and trying to make a name for myself, "4 said. 
Nicole Natalino Twitter Miss Chile was the month of julio.17 A contest that was born among social network users and seeks to reward the most beautiful girl, friendly and communicative Twitter. 
On August 16 he participated in the concerts in Chile at the Teatro Caupolicán meeting for the first time to 13 local female performers that stand between Nicole, Denisse Malebrán, Javiera Parra, Francisca Valenzuela among others, being the youngest of the group which represented the younger generation as well as a touch pop.18 
Besides music Nico joined the campaign to prevent teen pregnancy by saying "the decision has to be initiated sexually mature and after a deep personal process" .19 
She was nominated for the first time solo for Best New Artist Center in Los MTV20 10 on October 15 was the awards ceremony in Bogota. 
On November 22, participates in the National Music Day along with other artists in the Parque O'Higgins 21 
Was chosen to perform "Forever Young" by Violeta Parra between 10 emblematic songs of all time in Chile for the competence of the Festival de Viña 2010 Bicentennial Chile.22 of which only one was a festival competition. The cut out for the obvious commercial emphasis behind the production at the expense of a quality work successfully performed more faithful to the original topic. 
But do not stay within the 5 most voted songs Camino a Viña program delivered on November 28 on Channel 13 in conjunction with National Television of Chile Twitter Nico confessed his confusion by the negative results but the next day at the same half said 
"Sometimes you win sometimes you lose but family and friends will always be there! Thank you very much for all your everlasting love and support" .23 
In January 2010 he participated in a tour called Tour Glass Show and traveled throughout the southern and central Chile in the Truck Glass: The route of the Chilean music with the band electro-pop of The Plugin, band led by former La Ley, Rodrigo "Coti" Aboitiz, Nabu and the revelation of the electro-rock, 2009 Mawashi.24 The truck pulls up and down the walls to reveal a stage with amps, instruments and band in vivo.25 
He composed the theme for the movie Bicentennial "Esmeralda" 26 which he played live with Denisse Guerrero Mario Malebran and aboard a replica of the Corvette Esmeralda.27 
Nicole Natalino recorded a track for the foundation of cienmanos soon be revealed this song. Nico is now preparing for his second album with the designer Gustavo Pinochet Kudai Music. Today. Nico has recorded the video "a secret between the two" Nicolas Majorca, this will be released later this year.
Controversy.
In February 2007 during the step of her ex-group along the XLVII International Festival of the Song of Vinña del Mar she puts a complaint in opposition to the mánager and counselor of Kudai. Pablo Vega, for "undue appropriation", finally the demand I stay in nothing. Nicole in 2006 there had left her school of the whole life Fortress of Counts to go away to the Athletic Study Center (where sportswomen studied as Nicolás Massú and Marcelo Ríos) the tours that she was taking the group were preventing the fulfillment of schedules that was governing the college. Already gone graduated, she enters to the University to study advertising.

</doc>
<doc id="19932393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932393" title="European Student Moon Orbiter">
European Student Moon Orbiter

The European Student Moon Orbiter (ESMO) is planned to be the first European student mission to the Moon. Currently student teams from 19 universities throughout Europe are working on the program. 
ESMO was conceived by the Student Space Exploration & Technology Initiative under the support of the European Space Agency (ESA); prior to the start of Phase A the full responsibility for the management of the program was transferred to the ESA Education Office. 
In 2009, Surrey Satellite Technology Ltd (SSTL) was selected as prime contractor. ESMO is scheduled for launch in late 2013 or early 2014.
Objectives.
The mission objectives for ESMO are:
The educational aim of the project is to provide valuable hands-on experience to university students within a real and demanding space project. This is in order to fully prepare a well qualified workforce for ambitious future ESA missions.
Lunar Transfer.
The spacecraft of approximately 190 kg mass and a size of 76 x 74 x 74 cm is designed to be launched as a secondary or auxiliary payload into Geostationary transfer orbit in late 2013 / early 2014. 
From there, the spacecraft uses its on-board propulsion to travel to lunar orbit via a weak stability boundary transfer. This travel via the Sun-Earth L1 Lagrange point takes three months, but it requires much less propellant than a direct transfer (see Low energy transfer and Interplanetary Transport Network).
ESMO is intended to be operated in lunar orbit for six months.
Payloads.
Payloads being studied are:
Technical Facts.
The table below provides an overview of the spacecraft platform and the ground segment.
Current Teams.
21 teams from 19 European universities in ESA member states and cooperating states are currently part of the project. Their involvement and responsibilities will be re-assessed in the System Requirements Review. 
Led by ESA's Education Office at ESTEC, the project has successfully completed a Phase A feasibility study and continued with the preliminary design during phase B. 
So far, more than 200 students have been involved in phases A and B of the ESMO project.
Since November 2009 SSTL coordinate and supervise the work of the students, providing system-level and specialist technical support.
Regular workshops at ESTEC and ESOC as well as internships at SSTL are organized to support the student teams in their ESMO related activities and provide training / knowledge transfer. Additionally, facilities at SSTL will be utilized for spacecraft assembly, integration and testing. 
As a major milestone during phase B, the System Requirements Review (SRR) for ESMO was performed in 2010. At SRR the system requirements and system design were finalised. Part of the SRR also selected the university teams to participate in the following phases of the project. 
ESMO is the fourth mission within ESA’s Education Satellite Programme following SSETI Express, YES2 and the European Student Earth Orbiter (ESEO).

</doc>
<doc id="19932416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932416" title="CD Tuilla">
CD Tuilla

Club Deportivo Tuilla is a Spanish football team based in Tuilla, a small village in the municipality of Langreo, in the autonomous community of Asturias. Founded in 1952, it plays in Tercera División – Group 2, holding home matches at "Estadio El Candín", which has a capacity of 2,800 spectators. 
After winning the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa and the 2011 UEFA Champions League Final, International footballer David Villa - who was born in Tuilla and enjoyed individual success with Sporting de Gijón, Real Zaragoza, Valencia CF, FC Barcelona and Spain - waved a CD Tuilla scarf at the crowd.
History.
In 2007, Tuilla won the regional stage of the Copa Federación by the first time. It repeated in 2011 and 2012.
In the 2012–13 season, Tuilla finished as champion of the Asturian group of Tercera División, but failed in its third attempt of promoting to Segunda División B.
In 2013, Tuilla played for the first time in its history the Copa del Rey. In the first round, the team beat CD Tropezón by 0–1 in the overtime, in a game where Tuilla finished with nine players. Tuilla was eliminated in the second round by Burgos CF which won at El Candín by 0–3.

</doc>
<doc id="19932419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932419" title="Susan Filan">
Susan Filan

Susan F. Filan (born August 24, 1959) is Senior Legal Analyst for MSNBC, former prosecutor for the State of Connecticut, and a trial lawyer.
Early career.
In 1991, she began her career as a criminal defense attorney for a legal aid clinic, in New Haven, CT, representing indigent defendants charged with crimes. She then went into private practice where she specialized in criminal defense and matrimonial law at both the trial and appellate level in state and federal court. In 1998, Filan was hired by the State Attorney's office for The Division of Criminal Justice which consists of the Office of the Chief State's Attorney and the State's Attorneys for each of the 13 Judicial Districts in Connecticut. They, along with Assistant State's Attorneys, are Connecticut's prosecutors—the public officials known in many other states, and in TV lore, as District Attorneys, or the "D.A." Filan was one of the more than 500 prosecutors, inspectors and administrative and support staff who are responsible for the investigation and prosecution of crime in Connecticut. She was assigned to the Gang and Continuing Crime Unit. In 2003, Filan transferred to the Judicial District of Fairfield at Bridgeport as an Assistant State's Attorney (prosecutor).
TV Legal Analyst.
In 2005, Filan began providing commentary on MSNBC, Fox News, CNN, Court TV, ABC News, CBS News, and BBC News in 2005 on several high-profile cases including Michael Jackson and Scott Peterson. In May 2005, Filan resigned as a prosecutor to pursue a career in media when she was hired by NBC News and MSNBC to provide exclusive legal analysis of the Michael Jackson trial. She covered the trial from Santa Maria, California. After Jackson's acquittal on all charges, Filan returned home and began providing legal analysis for MSNBC and occasionally appeared on NBC. In 2006, she was promoted to MSNBC Senior Analyst.
In addition to appearing as an analyst on MSNBC's daytime and primetime programs, Filan also has served as a guest host for "The Abrams Report." Filan has been quoted in print media around the world.
She is a regular contributor to Women in Crime Ink, described by the "Wall Street Journal" as "a blog worth reading."
Credentials.
Filan is admitted to practice before the Supreme Court of the United States, the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, the United States District Court for the District of Connecticut and the Courts of the State of Connecticut. She is a sought after public speaker and has a column on MSNBC.com called the Filan Files.
She was the past president of the Board of Quinnipiac University School of Law Alumni Association and an Alternate on the Local Grievance Panel for the Judicial District of New Haven. Ms. Filan does not yet have a Martindale rating.

</doc>
<doc id="19932421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932421" title="Hans Reimling">
Hans Reimling

Hans Reimling (17 January 1918 - 7 March 1943) was an Oberscharführer in the Waffen SS and was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. 
He was born in Karlsruhe-Mühlburg and became a member of the Hitler Youth. He joined the SS in 1937 and a year later signed on for four years with the SS-Verfügungstruppe.
He was then posted to the Leibstandarte SS Adolf Hitler, as a tank commander in the 2nd Company, SS Panzer Regiment 1 "LSSAH". In a short time he had 8 anti-tank guns killed.
SS Oberscharführer Reimling was killed in action in March 1943 during fighting in the Third Battle of Kharkov.
Reimling is probably buried as an unknown soldier at the War Graves cemetery in Kharkov.

</doc>
<doc id="19932425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932425" title="Studio Graton">
Studio Graton

History.
The studio was created by Jean Graton in the mid 1980s, contributing to several albums. It was made up of various drawers. In the 1990, a new generation of artists came, and the studio was in charge of all the drawings when Jean Graton withdrawn in 2003. It is now led by Philippe Graton, the son of Jean Graton, who has designed the scenarios of the series since the 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="19932445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932445" title="Jack Hamilton">
Jack Hamilton

Jack Hamilton may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19932446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932446" title="Margus Lepa">
Margus Lepa

Margus Lepa (born 7 October 1953) is an Estonian radio journalist and former actor.
Early life and education.
He was born in Pelgulinn, a subdistrict of Tallinn, Estonia.
Career.
Film acting.
Between 1970 and 1991, Lepa portrayed the character of Jorh Adniel Kiir in the films "Kevade" (Spring) (1970), "Suvi" (Summer) (1976) and "Sügis" (Autumn) (1991), all directed by Arvo Kruusement and based on a series of novels by Oskar Luts.
Filmography
Radio acting.
For many years, he performed, together with Raimo Aas, in "Meelejahutaja"., a Sunday morning radio programme.

</doc>
<doc id="19932455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932455" title="1986 BMW Open – Singles">
1986 BMW Open – Singles

Joakim Nyström was the defending champion, but did not participate this year.
Emilio Sánchez won the title, defeating Ricki Osterthun 6–1, 6–3 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19932467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932467" title="Alla mia età (album)">
Alla mia età (album)

Alla mia età is the fourth studio album by pop singer Tiziano Ferro, it was released in Europe on 5 March 2009 and on 7 March 2009 Mexico. (see 2009 in music)
There are two version of the album, in Italian and in Spanish (A mi edad).
The first single from the album was "Alla mia età", which has topped the chart in Italy.
Album information.
The album was recorded between Milan and London from 2007 on 2009.
There are many collaborations in this album: Ferro collaborated with Italian musician Franco Battiato in the song "Il tempo stesso", with American singer Kelly Rowland in the song "Breathe Gentle" and with Mexican singers Anahi & Dulce Maria by RBD in the song "El regalo mas grande"
In an interview in Mexico Ferro declared that Laura Pausini co-wrote the song "La paura non esiste" (El Miedo No Existe).

</doc>
<doc id="19932471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932471" title="World Plus">
World Plus

World Plus was an airline ticket brokerage operated by one RaeJean S. Bonham and based in Fairbanks, Alaska. The World Plus business model has been described as a Ponzi scheme, and as the largest investment scam in Alaska history.
History.
Born RaeJean Franklin in 1950, she moved with her husband Steve Bonham to rural Alaska in the early 1970s. RaeJean served as the postmaster of Chatanika, a small town north of Fairbanks, until 1977 when she was convicted of embezzlement and postal money order fraud.
She moved to Fairbanks and founded World Plus, Inc. in 1983. The travel agency engaged in the black market purchase and sale of frequent flyer miles. According to the U.S. Department of Justice, Bonham's World Plus became a Ponzi scheme in 1989, when she began soliciting larger investments in order to repay previous smaller investments. Over the next six years, the number of investors grew to roughly 1,200. Total contributions have been estimated between $15.3 million and $50 million.
In December 1995, World Plus was shut down by United States bankruptcy court after attorney Ken Lougee filed a petition in behalf of three creditors for involuntary bankruptcy, which appointed trustee Larry D. Compton to investigate Bonham's transactions. Compton subpoenaed bank records to determine the extent of the rather secretive pyramid scheme, which had spread primarily by word of mouth. Upon arrival in Fairbanks, Compton claimed to have received death threats from some of the more successful investors.
In "United States v. Bonham" (1998), Bonham pled guilty to federal charges of mail fraud and money laundering. For these, she was sentenced in 1999 to two concurrent sentences of five years (two suspended) plus ten years of probation.
During Bonham's Federal sentence, the State of Alaska filed additional charges of perjury and securities fraud. Bonham successfully argued that these should be dismissed on the basis that they constituted double jeopardy, but this decision was appealed by the State and overturned in 2001.
Recovery.
As of early 2008, Compton had filed 618 lawsuits against investors who had profited from their transactions with World Plus, recovering a total $18.2 million. From this sum he redistributed partial reimbursements to 697 known investors on whom Bonham had defaulted.

</doc>
<doc id="19932479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932479" title="Say It Again (Precious song)">
Say It Again (Precious song)

"Say It Again" was the United Kingdom entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 1999, written by Paul Varney and performed by girl band Precious.
The song was performed 5th on the night of the contest, following Croatia's Doris Dragović with "Marija Magdalena" and preceding Slovenia's Darja Švajger with "For A Thousand Years". The song received 38 points, placing 12th in a field of 23.
The song was succeeded as UK entry at the 2000 contest by Nicki French with "Don't Play That Song Again".

</doc>
<doc id="19932487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932487" title="2005–06 Divizia B">
2005–06 Divizia B

The 2005–06 Divizia B was the 66th season of Divizia B, the second tier of the Romanian football league system. It was the last in this format (three series of 16 teams each).
The first team from each series was promoted at the end of the season to the Liga I and also the winner of the play-off of the 2nd placed teams, while the bottom six and the weakest team finished on 10th place, were relegated to the Liga III.
Promotion playoffs.
In the following season, the Liga I was expanded from 16 teams to 18 teams, therefore the Romanian Football Federation decided that a promotion playoff group would be played at the end of the season, between the second placed teams from each series of the Liga II, in order to establish the fourth promoted team (in exchange to the two teams relegated from the Liga I). The winner of this group, Unirea Urziceni, promoted to the Liga I, along with the three winners of the series.

</doc>
<doc id="19932502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932502" title="Kevin Buckler">
Kevin Buckler

Kevin Buckler (born c. 1959) is an American race car driver and entrepreneur. He founded Adobe Road Winery and currently owns The Racer's Group, a professional sports car racing team, and a NASCAR Sprint Cup Series team, TRG Motorsports. Kevin's 2005 Adobe Road Cabernet Sauvignon won a 93 in Wine Spectator, as well as winning over 80 prizes both worldwide and locally.
Racing history.
Buckler began racing at the local level in the late 1980s. He attended his first high-speed race in 1990, with his first professional race, a win, in 1995.
Buckler is the founder and CEO of TRG (The Racer's Group) and TRG Motorsports. A professional racer, he has over 100 professional starts and numerous pole positions and podium finishes. He has won several races, including Overall at the Rolex 24 at Daytona in 2003, GT Class at the 24 Hours of Le Mans in 2002, the Porsche World Cup, and two Grand American Rolex GT Championships. He later established TRG Motorsports to participate in racing.

</doc>
<doc id="19932528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932528" title="Flux Information Sciences">
Flux Information Sciences

Flux Information Sciences were a three-piece noise rock band based in Brooklyn, New York City. The band was formed in 1996 by vocalist/guitarist Tristan Bechet (born in Portugal in 1973, raised in Brazil) and keyboardist Sebastian Brault (born in Madagascar, raised in France) who met in art school in Marseilles. A revolving drummer policy saw Derek Ethridge replace Phil Hernandez in 1999, who was in turn replaced by Siobhan Duffy. Eventually the band settled on the line-up of Bechet and Brault, with Christopher Pravdica on electronics.
Flux Information Sciences were influenced by the 1980s New York No Wave scene, by bands such as The Contortions, James White & the Blacks, Suicide and Foetus. In 2004, Flux were featured on S.A. Crary's documentary on No Wave "Kill Your Idols". Private/Public was recorded before a live audience who were required to stand naked and blindfolded before the band.
The band's debut album "A Dedication to Volt" was released in 1997, followed by "Services" in 1999. Their third album, "Summer", was released in 2000, and described by Joe Silva of AllMusic as seeing Flux "retain...ability to playfully challenge listeners to find entry points to their material, while maintaining their levels of chaos and invention". In 2001, Flux signed to Young God Records and released "Private/Public". Young God label boss and Swans vocalist Michael Gira described the band as "life-threatening".
"The New York Times" described their sound as "a clattering, dissonant, choppy, propulsive racket, punctuated every so often by a vocal chant; it's ominous and mockingly jubilant, somewhere between the Gang of Four and Ministry." In "Kill Your Idols", Bechet provides insight to the band's approach to rhythm when he described living across the road to "a metal stamping factory, and the rhythms and sounds that they make, are truly fucking phenomenal, just fucking...pff...amazing and groovy as shit; those are the kind of rhythms I enjoy, its almost as if New York City is the script and we interpret that.
Since the break-up of the band, Bechet has formed the Pinksock Records label, and worked with a number of artists, such as F. M. Einheit of Einstürzende Neubauten and Khan. He has released albums by several experimental projects including his heavy metal mash up vinyl "Please Forgive Me" and "Waiting for the Sun" CD by "Sauna KIngs". After the Label faded, Bechet founded "SERVICES" with Christopher Pravdica; a former member of Flux.

</doc>
<doc id="19932532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932532" title="The Wall Tour (1980-1981)">
The Wall Tour (1980-1981)

The Wall Tour was a concert tour by the English progressive rock band Pink Floyd throughout 1980–1981 in support of their concept album "The Wall".
The tour was relatively small compared to previous tours for a major release, with only 31 shows in total. The tour was notable for its extensive use of stage theatrics, most notably a giant wall constructed across the stage to convey the sense of alienation present in both the album, and Roger Waters personal feelings at the time. The concert tour was Pink Floyd's last with the classic line-up, as bassist Roger Waters left the band following a court battle between him and the band.
History.
The costs of the tour were estimated to have reached US$ 1.5 million even before the first performance. "The New York Times" stated in its 2 March 1980 edition that:
Nick Mason explained:
The Wall concert was only performed 31 times in four cities: Los Angeles (7 shows), New York (5), Dortmund (8) and London (11). The primary 'tour' consisted of 18 shows in LA, New York and London in 1980, but the band performed a further eight shows in Dortmund (13–20 February 1981) and five more shows at Earl's Court (13–17 June) for filming, with the intention of integrating the shows into the upcoming movie.
The London shows are documented on the album "Is There Anybody Out There? The Wall Live 1980-81".
Gilmour and Mason attempted to convince Waters to expand the show for a more lucrative, large-scale stadium tour, but because of the nature of the material (one of the primary themes is the distance between an artist and his audience) Waters balked at this.
Concert film.
The idea to include live concert footage of any significant length for The Wall film was dropped shortly before the final shows took place. There are conflicting statements regarding the professionally filmed footage. It had been widely believed that 'the wrong type of film' had been used and the results were dark and murky. Mark Fisher, partly responsible for designing the show said the footage was: 'very dark and horrible and boring and should be burned'. Alan Parker himself said: 'filming of the shows were five blown opportunities'. These rumours were partially scotched when the Channel 4 documentary 'Behind the Wall' (2000) used perfectly clear footage from the 1981 concerts. 27 February and 9 August 1980 concerts were shot on videotape. David Gilmour has stated in an interview that only three tracks were captured on film:
Roger Waters said on an episode of In the Studio with Redbeard which devoted two parts to the making of The Wall that "the London shows in 1980/81 were filmed and he had all of the footage and was thinking of putting it together to be released. However felt extremely reluctant to release the concerts on the video cassette format". He also would have to refer to the shows as a document of what went on.
In the December 2009 issue of 'Mojo', Roger Waters revealed that he had 'discovered a whole load of new footage of The Wall shows' and was busy 'editing it'. He explained that he assumed the cameramen decided to shoot more than they were asked to as they had the cameras and 'nobody bothered'. It is presumed that this footage is 35mm film.
During Waters' tour of The Wall in 2010 footage of Waters performing his vocal parts in "Mother", labelled as being filmed in Earls Court in 1980, was projected onto the incomplete wall.
DVD of "The Wall Immersion Box Set" includes the professionally shot 35mm footage of "The Happiest Days of Our Lives" at Earls Court on 13 June 1981. The footage seen on "Divided We Fall" is from 9 August 1980".
Tour band.
Pink Floyd:
with:
Set list.
The 1980/1981 set lists comprised the entire album, "The Wall". Two songs that did not make it onto the album, "What Shall We Do Now?", and the then untitled "The Last Few Bricks", were also played.

</doc>
<doc id="19932534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932534" title="Khandavalli Lakshmi Ranjanam">
Khandavalli Lakshmi Ranjanam

Khandavalli Lakshmi Ranjanam (Telugu: ఖండవల్లి లక్ష్మీరంజనం) M.A. (March 1, 1908 – June 18, 1986) is doyen of Telugu literature and research from Andhra Pradesh, India.
He was born on March 1, 1908. He lost his father early in life and bore the burden of the family. He passed B.A. in first class and M.A. in Telugu and Sanskrit from Madras University. He came to Hyderabad in 1928 and joined as a teacher in a Government school.
Osmania University, though established long ago, did not have a seat in Telugu subject. Rayaprolu Subbarao joined as lecturer in Telugu. Lakshmirajyam joined under him as junior lecturer. They persuaded the university authorities to open Telugu classes in the constituent colleges. He was elevated to Lecturer and Head of the 
Department in 1945 and Professor in 1952. 
Having established the Telugu department strongly, he turned his efforts to establish a Research wing in Telugu language. The first Ph.D. degree in Telugu from the University was achieved by Dr. B.Rama Raju. He edited some parvas of Tikkana Mahabharatam for Sahitya Academy. His major work is Sangrahandhra Vignanakosam - Encyclopedia in 8 volumes. Between 1912-1938 Komarraju Venkata Lakshmana Rao and Kasinadhuni Nageswara Rao compiled Encyclopedia of Telugu - Andhra Vignana Sarvaswam. They could bring 3 volumes. After that Urlam Zamindar Prasadaraya Bahadur with the help of scholars published 7 volumes. Lakshmirajyam with strong determination edited and published 8 volumes of Sangrahandhra Vignana Kosam. He published Andhra History and geographical facts of Andhra Pradesh.
He established Vivekananda Educational Society and started a high school for boys and girls. He started Andhra Oriental Sanskrit and Telugu College at Nallakunta in 1958. This college grew to a Postgraduate Centre and celebrating its Golden jubilee in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19932568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932568" title="Pedram Hamrah">
Pedram Hamrah

Pedram Hamrah is an ophthalmologist and immunologist. He obtained his M.D. from the University of Cologne, Germany. In 2002, together with Reza Dana and Ying Liu, he was the first to discover the presence of and characterize resident antigen-presenting cells in the central cornea. Hamrah is currently an assistant professor and attending physician at Harvard's Massachusetts Eye and Ear Infirmary and an Assistant Scientist at the Schepens Eye Research Institute, Massachusetts Eye and Ear. He 
was a faculty member in the laboratory of Ulrich von Andrian at Harvard's Immune Disease Institute from 2008 to 2012.
Hamrah has authored over 40 peer-reviewed articles and over 20 reviews and book chapters. According to the Web of Science, Hamrah's works have been cited over 1200 times (one of them cited 146, and two others 135 and 126 times respectively) and he has an h-index of 16. He currently serves as Cornea Section Editor of the journal "Eye", Assistant Editor of the journal "Ocular Immunology and Inflammation", and editorial board member of The Ocular Surface, as well as several other ophthalmology journals.

</doc>
<doc id="19932584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932584" title="Dön Artık">
Dön Artık

"Dön artık" () was the Turkish entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 1999, written by Erdinç Tunç and Canan Tunç and performed by Tuğba Önal with Grup Mistik.
The song was performed 7th on the night of the contest, following Slovenia's Darja Švajger with "For A Thousand Years" and preceding Norway's Stig Van Eijk with "Living My Life Without You". The song received 21 points, placing 16th in a field of 23.
The song was succeeded as Turkish entry at the 2000 contest by Pınar Ayhan with "Yorgunum Anla".

</doc>
<doc id="19932587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932587" title="Roadblock (Transformers)">
Roadblock (Transformers)

"Roadblock" is the name of several fictional characters in the various Transformers universes.
Transformers: Generation 1 (human).
Roadblock is a human member of G.I. Joe, a soldier who has met the Transformers several times. He has appeared in Transformers comics by Marvel Comics, Dreamwave Productions and Devil's Due Publishing.
Transformers: Generation 1 (Decepticon).
Roadblock is high ranking Decepticon who is described as a malevolent master of mayhem.
Animated series.
Roadblock was created after the animated Transformers series ended in the U.S., so his only animated appearance was as in toy commercials for his toy. in it he is seen fighting Skyhammer, an Autobot Ultra Pretender.
IDW Publishing.
Roadblock was a member of the crew of the ship commanded by Banzai-Tron in "".
Transformers: Generation 2.
Roadblock is a Decepticon who is described as always angry and extremely combative.
Fun Publications.
Roadblock is among the "Generation 2" Decepticons on Earth in the 2010 Botcon story "Generation 2: Redux".
IDW Publishing.
In "Transformation", Roadblock was one of the Decepticons that patrolled the streets of Cybertron after Zeta Prime's death.
In "Rise", he stood guard as Megatron welcomed a visitor, Hot Rod.
Transformers: Energon.
Despite the name already being used for an "Armada" Mini-Con, the Inferno moniker was reused for a character in "Transformers: Energon". This Inferno is an Autobot and physically a homage to the original Inferno. He was later upgraded and given the name Roadblock.
Inferno's tech spec portrayed him as the epitome of what an Autobot should be. He always cares for his teammates, and is careful to always think of the consequences of his acts, unlike his Powerlinking partner Hot Shot. In the series he took over Smokescreen's role from "Armada" as the Autobot sniper.
Animated series.
The level-headed master sniper of Team Optimus Prime, Inferno transforms into a fire engine and possesses the Spark of Combination, frequently combining with Hot Shot. He tended to play no major role until the Autobots were transported to a new region of space where Alpha Q had successfully recreated the planets destroyed by Unicron. Here, on Iron Planet, Inferno was charged with guarding Shockblast, but an attack by the Decepticons saw Megatron infuse Inferno with his own energies, trying to brand him with the Decepticon symbol and turn him to his side. Inferno fought the influence in a series of Jekyll-and-Hyde-like transformations, eventually plunging himself into the Energon Sun when he couldn't hold it back any more. Thankfully, Jetfire was able to recover his Spark and had a new body constructed for him, recreating Inferno as "Roadblock" (Inferno V in Japan), who now transformed into a truck crane. For much of the remainder of the series, Roadblock was staying at Ocean Planet, until Optimus called to him. Joining with the other Autobots, they merged into Optimus Supreme, fighting a Unicron-possessed Galvatron.
Dreamwave Productions.
Inferno first appeared in issue #19 of the Dreamwave Transformers: Energon comic series. He fought against Unicron's four Horsemen (Rhinox, Terrorsaur, Airazor and Cheetor). Badly injured, he was reformatted into his Powerlinking body by the power of Primus, allowing him and the other Autobots to drive off the Horsemen. He then went to Earth alongside Optimus Prime and battled against Scorponok's Terrorcons. Later, he was one of the defenders of Moscow against the endless horde of Battle Ravage clones. Although they looked doomed, they received help from a surprising source - Megatron, resurrected in a new body by Prime. Megatron routed the clones, allowing the Autobots to recover. Dreamwave's Energon comic ended at this point, forestalling any future stories of Inferno.
Pack in comics.
In the second "Transformers: Energon" pack in comic Prowl, Inferno and Landmine discover some hills on Earth that are rich with energon and call in to Optimus Prime that they should put an energon tower up. Optimus warns the Autobots that Decepticon activity has been scanned nearby. Megatron attacks with a horde of Divebomb Terrorcon clones. The Autobots attempt by fight back by having Mirage and Inferno Powerlinx while Landmine goes into brute mode, but they are overwhelmed when Insecticon Terrorcon hordes join in the attack. The Autobots retreat and Megatron takes the energon for himself.

</doc>
<doc id="19932606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932606" title="Jewish cemetery of Khotyn">
Jewish cemetery of Khotyn

The Jewish cemetery of Khotyn, Ukraine.
Background.
The city of Khotyn is located in the Chernivtsi oblast of Ukraine. According to the Encyclopedia of Ukraine, during the late 19th and early 20th centuries, the town was almost entirely Jewish or Russian. This created a uniformity of culture that endured throughout the different occupations of Khotyn (Bessarabia in the late 1800s, Austria during the 1910s, the Soviet Army in June 1940, Romania in 1941, and the USSR in 1944). The town in 1930 was composed of 38% Jews, and roughly the same percentage of Russians and Ukrainians. However, after the 2nd World War, the Jewish percentage of the population fell to 8%. The current Jewish population of Khotyn is small; residents estimate the community at 10 people, and the U.S. Commission for the Preservation of America's Heritage Abroad estimates the population at 11-100.
The cemetery.
The US Government organisation "Commission for the Preservation of America's Heritage Abroad," cited above, provides an excellent reference for the Jewish cemeteries of Ukraine. The International Jewish Cemetery Project cites this source for its information. The document includes the following information about Khotyn: 
KHOTIN:US Commission No. UA25060101
The last known Hasidic burial was 1990. No other towns or villages used this unlandmarked cemetery. The isolated suburban flat land has no sign or marker. Reached by turning directly off a public road, access is open to all. A broken masonry wall with no gate surrounds site. 501 to 5000 stones, most in original location with less than 25% of surviving stones toppled or broken, date from 19th to 20th century. Location of any removed tombstones is unknown. Some tombstones have traces of painting on their surfaces, portraits on stones, and/or metal fences around graves. The cemetery contains no known mass graves. The municipality owns the site used for Jewish cemetery only. Adjacent properties are agricultural. The cemetery boundaries are unchanged since 1939. Rarely, Jews or non-Jews visit. The cemetery was not vandalized in the last ten years. Local/municipal authorities cleared vegetation. Now, occasionally, individuals clean or clear. Within the limits of the cemetery are no structures. Vegetation overgrowth is a constant problem, disturbing graves. Water drainage at the cemetery is a seasonal problem. Serious threat: vegetation. Moderate threat: uncontrolled access, weather erosion and pollution. Slight threat: vandalism, and existing nearby development and proposed nearby development. 
The cemetery can be reached easily by taxi from the Bus Station. The report suggests that the cemetery contains no mass graves; in fact, the location includes a monument to those Jewish citizens killed in the 1941 occupation. 

</doc>
<doc id="19932611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932611" title="Amridge University">
Amridge University

Amridge University is an accredited, coeducational, non-profit, private university affiliated with the Churches of Christ with its main campus in Montgomery, Alabama. It was previously known as Alabama Christian School of Religion, Southern Christian University, and Regions University, and is a successor institution to Alabama Christian College.
Founded in 1967 as the Alabama Christian School of Religion, its primary function historically has been as a theological seminary to train ministers in Bible and Christian Counseling. However, Amridge has expanded its curricula to other degrees. Seminary training offered by the Turner School of Theology, named in honor of founder Rex Allwin Turner, Sr. and his wife Opal Shipp Turner, continues to be a core undertaking, with all levels of ministry and theological degrees available. Amridge offers both residential and online education opportunities.
Academics.
Programs of study.
In keeping with its Christian heritage, Amridge University provides educational opportunities through five schools; these are: the College of Business and Leadership, the College of General Studies, the School of Human Services, the Turner School of Theology, and the School of Continuing Education.
Facilities.
Campuses.
The institution’s main campus in Montgomery, Alabama lies alongside Auburn University Montgomery just north of Interstate 85 at the Taylor Road exit. The campus consists of a single two-story complex, the Morgan W. Brown Building, that houses classrooms and the library on the ground floor and administrative offices upstairs. Classrooms are equipped with extensive multimedia equipment to allow live Internet streaming of instruction and lecture. Instructors can also transmit computer data, video, or still pictures. Each student's desk has a computer workstation. There is building-wide Wi-Fi access.
Libraries.
The Amridge University library features a large collection of religious books and theological reference works. It holds 80,000 titles, 1,200 serial subscriptions, and 800 audiovisual materials. The library is linked with other libraries across the US to ensure availability of books that may be borrowed through interlibrary lending. Its card catalog is accessible for online searching by students, faculty, and staff.
Controversies.
On August 2, 2006, Southern Christian University’s board of regents voted to change the institution’s name to Regions University. They expected this would enhance the institution’s opportunities, complementing its purpose and vision while expanding its scope of educational and religious heritage to all the regions of the world. The name change, however, sparked a civil lawsuit by Regions Financial Corporation filed on September 29, 2006 for trademark infringement. Consequently, on January 31, 2008, the board of regents resolved to change the institution’s name again, this time to Amridge University, preserving its mission and vision to expand its operations worldwide.
In 2007, a former student sued Amridge University and its board of directors, alleging that they breached an implied contract to provide her with a complete education and that they discriminated against her because of her religion. The university filed a motion to dismiss for lack of personal jurisdiction. In July 2007, a district court in Delaware granted Amridge's motion to dismiss the complaint. An appeal by the student was later turned down by the US Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit in August 2008.
The Appeals court agreed that this case should have a change of venue to the former students home state. In 2008/2009, the student brought the case to her home state's courts with an Amended Complaint filed as recently as January 21, 2010 by her attorney. On June 22, 2012 (filed June 25, 2012) the Court granted summary judgment to the University, finding insufficient merit for the Plaintiff's complaints, and ordered the case closed.

</doc>
<doc id="19932622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932622" title="Misu Sotarō">
Misu Sotarō

Baron was an admiral in the early Imperial Japanese Navy.
Early life.
Misu was born in Hikone as the eldest son in a "samurai" class family. His father, Misu Kumajirō, was a retainer of the Ii clan, and was assigned command of the defenses of Edo Bay against the incursions of foreign vessels. After the Meiji Restoration, in August 1872, Misu entered the fledgling Imperial Japanese Navy; however, the navy was dominated former Satsuma samurai who were highly antagonistic to people from Hikone. Furthermore, his classmate, Dewa Shigetō, was from Aizu-Wakamatsu, whose former Matsudaira lords were the sworn enemies of the Hikone Ii clan. Misu survived partly through his father's connections with Yoshida Shōin, and through the support and patronage of Ijuin Gorō.
Naval career.
In 1874, Misu was assigned to the training ship "Tsukuba" for studies in navigation. During the Satsuma Rebellion of 1877, "Tsukuba" was sent to Kyūshū and its crew was assigned shore duty as infantry. However, Misu was ordered to remain aboard the ship for logistics duties.
In August 1878, Misu was commissioned as an ensign. He was promoted to second lieutenant two years later, and lieutenant after another five years. The slowness of his promotion can also be attributed to clan factionalism within the navy. He served initially on the battleship "Settsu" and cruiser "Asama", and in 1885 was assigned to the new cruiser "Naniwa" on its voyage to Great Britain. After serving as senior gunnery officer on the "Naniwa", Misu was appointed its captain in 1887.
Afterwards, he was subsequently captain of "Asama", "Ryūjō", and then served as commander of the Yokosuka Naval District. In September 1893, he was re-assigned to serve in the Imperial Japanese Navy General Staff as head of the Naval Personnel Bureau. He was in charge of payroll, awards and promotions, burial of fallen sailors, compensation to families, etc., and served in this desk job throughout the First Sino-Japanese War.
In 1897, Misu returned to the sea as captain of the "Suma". He went to England to supervise the construction of the new cruiser "Izumo", and brought the new battleship "Asahi" back to Japan. In 1901, he was promoted to rear admiral and recalled as head of the Naval Personnel Bureau in the Navy General Staff. However, his duties were greatly enlarged by the buildup of the Japanese navy prior to the outbreak of the Russo-Japanese War of 1904-1905.
During the personnel reorganization within the navy prior to the war, Naval Minister Yamamoto Gonnohyōe was convinced that victory could not be obtained unless Admiral Hidaka Sonojo was replaced by Tōgō Heihachirō. As head of the navy Personnel Bureau, Misu was in a strong position to encourage Yamamoto towards this action. He also recommended Kataoka Shichirō and Shibayama Yahachi as possible successors should something happen to Tōgō in battle. This was quite controversial, as Admiral Kamimura Hikonojō in command of the IJN 2nd Fleet would normally have been appointed successor. Misu reported that Kamimura was of aggressive, even reckless disposition, which made him ideal for leading with aggressive tactics for the Second Fleet, but that this same disposition was a detriment to his ability to replace Tōgō.
In 1905, Misu was promoted to vice admiral, and placed under Tōgō's direct control. Given command of the "Nisshin", he was in the line of battle at the Battle of Tsushima, and was wounded in the left eye. Making the most of this injury, Misu was compared with the famous one-eyed warrior Date Masamune.
Following the conclusion of the war, he was ennobled with the title of baron under the "kazoku" peerage system. In 1906, he commanded the Ryojun Guard District From 1909-1911, he was placed in charge of reconstruction of the Maizuru Naval District. The operational area of Maizuru encompassed his home town of Hikone, which has no access to the sea. He went on the reserve list in 1913 as full admiral and died in 1921.

</doc>
<doc id="19932645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932645" title="Turkish Workers and Peasants Socialist Party">
Turkish Workers and Peasants Socialist Party

The Turkish Workers and Peasants Socialist Party (, TİÇSF) was a socialist party founded in Istanbul on 22 September, 1919. Şefik Hüsnü, Ethem Nejat Ahmet Akif, Sadrettin Celal, Nafi Atuğ Kansu, Cevat Cevdet and Namık İsmail were prominent members. When Istanbul was militarily occupied by Britain and France the party suspended its activities.
Although many members fled, some remained to set up the Türkiye Komünist Firkasi (TKF) which became a formal organisation in March 1920.
Originally the TİÇSF gave support to Kemal Atatürk. They attended the congress held in Baku on September 10, 1920, where the pro-Bolshevik Communist Party of Turkey was established.

</doc>
<doc id="19932646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932646" title="Holden High School">
Holden High School

Holden High School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19932650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932650" title="Cat Thief">
Cat Thief

Cat Thief (foaled 1996 in Kentucky) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse. He is the son of Storm Cat, an outstanding Champion sire and the grandson of both the 20th Century's most important sire, Northern Dancer and whose damsire was the U.S. Triple Crown champion, Secretariat. Cat Thief's dam was the multiple stakes winner, Train Robbery, a daughter of U.S. Racing Hall of Fame inductee Alydar.
Conditioned for racing by Hall of Fame trainer, D. Wayne Lukas, at age two Cat Thief won two of his seven starts including the Lane's End Breeders' Futurity. He was then third behind winner Answer Lively in the Breeders' Cup Juvenile. As a three-year-old, Cat Thief made thirteen starts. He ran third to winner Charismatic in the 1999 Kentucky Derby and seventh to Charismatic in the Preakness Stakes. Under jockey Pat Day, Cat Thief went on to win the Swaps Stakes and at Gulfstream Park in Florida Pat Day was aboard him again for the most important win of his career, the Breeders' Cup Classic.
Cat Thief made ten more starts in 2000 but did not earn a win and was retired to stud at his owner's Overbrook Farm for the 2001 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19932681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932681" title="S Marks the Spot">
S Marks the Spot

The second disc of the album also features 9 of their past songs remixed and remade. It also contains the songs "Zaido", the theme song of the television series of the same name, "Super Noypi", the theme song of the movie of the same name, "Humanda Ka", the theme song of "Rounin" and "Nginig".

</doc>
<doc id="19932688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932688" title="Hesketh V1000">
Hesketh V1000

The Hesketh V1000 is a V-twin motorcycle originally designed and built by Hesketh Motorcycles in Daventry, Northamptonshire. Although the V1000 had an advanced ohc engine with 4 valves per cylinder, sales were poor as the motorcycle proved to be expensive and rather underpowered, with a hefty dry weight of and meagre 86 bhp output. Only 149 V1000 motorcycles were sold before the company was wound up in August 1982. Broom Development Engineering continued development and produce twelve V1000s each year. 
A "Motor Cycle News" review of the motorcycle said, "People see the Hesketh V1000 as an 80s version of the Vincent twin; and the engine has a classic simplicity about it, featuring a modest 86 bhp delivered at just 6500 rpm. So long as you understand that you're buying a handbuilt, relatively sedate, classic British motorcycle, you're not likely to be disappointed with the performance of the Hesketh V1000."
History & Development.
Lord Alexander Hesketh had been planning the production of a new motorcycle since 1974 and began talks with engine specialists Westlake in 1977 about the proposed development of a big V-twin. Hesketh Motorcycles PLC was formed in 1981, a purpose built factory was set up to manufacture the V1000 in Daventry, and production began in 1981. 
Styled by John Mockett, who later went on to design the Triumph Rocket III, the Hesketh V1000 was conceived as a luxury sports machine that could save the British motorcycle industry. The engine was specially developed by Weslake as an air-cooled 90° V-twin with bore and stroke, giving a displacement of 992 cc. With a one piece cast crankshaft and aluminium jackets on iron cylinder barrels and alloy cylinder heads, the V1000 was the first British motorcycle with four valves per cylinder and an overhead camshaft. The V1000 had electronic ignition and a Lucas alternator and starter motor. Lubrication was semi wet-sump and the gearbox was a five-speed constant mesh to a sealed roller chain final drive. Front suspension includes custom yokes machined from solid alloy billets, and conventional rear suspension is provided by twin Marzocchi shocks. The chain drive sprocket was concentric with the swinging arm pivot, an unusual arrangement to keep chain tension constant. The alloy wheels, anodised either gold or black, were neither forged nor cast, but were made up from two sheet alloy pressings, riveted together. The frame was available either painted black or nickel-plated.
Hesketh Vampire Tourer.
After the collapse of the Hesketh Motorcycle company, Lord Hesketh acquired most of the liquidated assets; and in 1983 he formed a new company, Hesleydon Ltd, to manufacture a revamped V1000 with a full fairing. This model, the Hesketh Vampire, was described by reviewers as "heavy and tall". The Vampire went into production prematurely, while still needing development. As well as gearbox problems such as false neutrals, the new fairing restricted turning and the Vampire did not sell well.
Broom Development Engineering.
Established in 1982 by engineer, Hesketh test rider and motorcycle racer Mick Broom, Broom Development Engineering have continued to improve the V1000 engine and frame performance as well as updating earlier motorcycles to the latest specification have each year produce about a dozen new V1000 EN10 motorcycles which are the V1000 with oil cooling improvements including an oil radiator to cool the rear cylinder. They have also produced fifty Hesketh Vampire tourers to customer specifications which can include specially made panniers. The latest model improvements included in the Vulcan include changes to the running gear to bring it up to date with radial tyres and modern suspension, brakes together with a bigger engine and computer control. In a bid to attract much needed investment in the marque, Mick Broom put the Hesketh business on the market in September 2008. Broom, who has now built over 300 Hesketh models, was badly burned in a petrol fire in a workshop in August 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19932734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932734" title="Japanese War Bride">
Japanese War Bride

Synopsis.
The film tells the story of a wounded Korean War veteran, Jim Sterling (Don Taylor), who returns to his California home with his Japanese wife. The couple had met and fallen in love in a Japanese hospital where Tae Shimizu (Shirley Yamaguchi) was working as a nurse. Back in America, the two face racism and bigotry from their neighbours and family, particularly their sister-in-law, Fran (Marie Windsor).
Impact and legacy.
The widespread publicity surrounding the film's launch made Japanese wives increasingly visible in the United States. Alongside the more successful film "Sayonara", "Japanese War Bride" was argued by some scholars to have increased racial tolerance in the United States by openly discussing interracial marriages.

</doc>
<doc id="19932738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932738" title="Maguarichi">
Maguarichi


</doc>
<doc id="19932742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932742" title="Mariano Matamoros, Chihuahua">
Mariano Matamoros, Chihuahua

Mariano Matamoros (aka Villa Matamoros or Matamoros) is a town and seat of the municipality of Matamoros, in the northern Mexican state of Chihuahua. As of 2005, the town had a total population of 2,256. 

</doc>
<doc id="19932754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932754" title="Carlow Crusaders">
Carlow Crusaders

The Carlow Crusaders are a rugby league team based in Carlow, Ireland. They play in the Irish Elite League. They play home games at Oak Park, Carlow. The Crusaders are forced to play most of their games in Cill Dara RFC, Kildare as Oak Park is owned & used by Carlow RFC.
Controversy.
The Carlow Crusaders were embroiled in controversy when they opted to pull out of the 2011 All Ireland Final against the Treaty City Titans. They have yet to explain publicly their reasons for the action but has since been found guilty of bringing the game into disrepute by an independent panel. This decision has left many wondering if Carlow will take part in any further rugby league competitions. They are currently in the process of appealing the charge.

</doc>
<doc id="19932764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932764" title="Manish Gupta">
Manish Gupta

Manish Gupta is an Indian writer and director in Bollywood. Manish started his career as a scriptwriter. His first film as a writer was "Sarkar", starring Amitabh Bachchan, Abhishek Bachchan and Katrina Kaif. 
Manish soon graduated to film direction and made his debut as director with "Darna Zaroori Hai" in which he directed one story amongst the six stories each directed by a separate director. 
Manish’s first film as independent director was "The Stoneman Murders", starring Kay Kay Menon and Arbaaz Khan.
His next movie as director was "Hostel" that explored the psychology of ‘Ragging’ (Hazing/Initiation). The President of India, Mrs. Pratibha Patil felicitated Manish Gupta at Rashtrapati Bhavan, New Delhi for addressing a national issue through cinema.
Manish’s latest film is ‘Rahasya’ a murder mystery based on the infamous AARUSHI murder case. The film stars Kay Kay Menon, Tisca Chopra and Ashish Vidyarthi and is slated for a 2014 release.
Career.
Manish graduated with a degree in Mechanical Engineering from Agnel Technical College (Bandra, Mumbai) in 1994 and worked in an equipment manufacturing company as a shop floor engineer. After working for six years in this field, he decided to pursue his creative instincts. Manish switched professions by joining an ad agency as a copywriter and began writing TV and radio commercials. 
It was during this short stint in advertising that Gupta saw Ram Gopal Varma’s film "Company" based on the Mumbai underworld. The film influenced Gupta to give up his lucrative career in advertising and approach Varma with his scripts. Varma took him under his wing. Impressed with his work in "Sarkar", Varma asked Manish to script three other films, "D" (2005), "James" (2005), and "Darna Zaroori Hai" (2006). 
Manish’s first job as a director was one story of "Darna Zaroori Hai", which had six separate stories and six separate directors for each story. When Varma turned down one of Manish’s scripts, Manish moved on to become an independent director with "The Stoneman Murders". The film released on 13 February 2009.
Manish protested against the evil practice of ragging in Indian hostels, through his movie Hostel that released in Jan 2011.
Manish’s latest film ‘Rahasya’ attempts to unfold the mystery of the infamous AARUSHI murder case. The film starring Kay Kay Menon, Tisca Chopra and Ashish Vidyarthi is slated for a 2014 release.
Discuss the movie with Manish on Passion for Cinema

</doc>
<doc id="19932778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932778" title="United States Post Office (Yellowstone National Park)">
United States Post Office (Yellowstone National Park)

The Yellowstone Main Post Office in Yellowstone National Park was built in Mammoth Hot Springs as part of a facilities improvement program by the United States Post Office Department. The post office in Yellowstone was nominated to the National Register of Historic Places as part of a thematic study comprising twelve Wyoming post offices built to standardized USPO plans in the early twentieth century. The Yellowstone facility is an understated classical structure with a low hipped roof and rounded dormers that uses a plan and a basic design vocabulary similar to that used in other post offices in the program. It is somewhat at odds with the prevailing design theme expressed in other buildings in the former Fort Yellowstone district.

</doc>
<doc id="19932779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932779" title="Slalom Consulting">
Slalom Consulting

Slalom Consulting is an American business and technology consulting firm headquartered in Seattle. Forbes named it one of the 50 best companies to work for in 2013.
History.
In 2001, Two Degrees created a business and technology consulting division that was re-branded to Slalom Consulting in 2007. 

</doc>
<doc id="19932790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932790" title="Clark's Grant">
Clark's Grant

Clark's Grant was a tract of land granted to George Rogers Clark and the soldiers who fought with him during the American Revolutionary War by the state of Virginia in honor of their service. The tract was and located in present day Clark County, Indiana, and parts of the surrounding counties.
Grant.
During the American Revolutionary War, George Rogers Clark led the militia of Virginia in capturing a large part of the Illinois Country as part of the Illinois Campaign. Land was offered as an incentive to adventurers to sign up as soldiers and join the expedition. After the war ended, as a reward, Virginia granted the soldiers and officers land to make good their promise.
The grant was made by the legislature of Virginia on January 2, 1781, offering them land on the northwest side of the Ohio River. A commission of officers from the group was created and they were granted the right to choose any within the defined region. They chose a tract across the Ohio River opposite from Louisville, Kentucky, a settlement Clark had founded during the war. Their land included all of present day Clark County, Indiana, as well as part of the surrounding counties. The group took part in land speculation and they ultimately purchased the rights to a large part of southern Indiana. Early settlements in the grant included Clarksville and Jeffersonville.
Clark himself was still owed a vast sum of money for helping to finance the campaigns which was never repaid to him during his life. Most of his land was taken from him by creditors, and he died nearly penniless and handicapped from injuries he sustained after the war. Virginia finally repaid most of his debt several years after his death.
Apportionment.
Clark's Grant was the basis of the establishment of the first American settlements in the modern state of Indiana. The land was allotted during 1784. Clark himself received the largest tract, containing over . Officers were also granted large tracts, and the 236 privates each were given an tract. The sergeants were each given tracts of . Higher ranking officers were given progressively larger tracts. Each person was given one or more large tracts in the countryside, and one smaller tract. The smaller tracts were grouped together around the entire grants and were intended to become settlements. It was hoped that the soldiers would build their homes on the small tracts that were near together, and sell or farm the larger tracts granted to them in the countryside. There was some controversy over the grant, because privates were promised at least tracts at the start of the war as reward.

</doc>
<doc id="19932791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932791" title="Dale Loves Sophie to Death">
Dale Loves Sophie to Death

Dale Loves Sophie to Death (April 1981) is the debut novel of American author Robb Forman Dew. It won the 1982 National Book Award in the category First Novel.• First novels or first works of fiction were recognized from 1980 to 1985.</ref>
It's a domestic story that takes places over the course of several weeks in the 1970s in Ohio and Massachusetts. The novel is notable for its realistic portrayal of children/adult relationships.

</doc>
<doc id="19932795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932795" title="Matachí">
Matachí


</doc>
<doc id="19932825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932825" title="Think Like a Cat">
Think Like a Cat

Think Like a Cat is a GSN-original game show produced by Grand Central Marketing, hosted by Chuck Woolery, and sponsored by Meow Mix. Eight cats and their owners compete in the contest, which is played like a game show rather than a pageant like "Catminster", another GSN special centering on cats. The show has a top prize of $1,000,000. The show premiered on November 15, 2008. The food used in this game show is the now-discontinued Meow Mix Wholesome Goodness.
Gameplay.
The first round is an elimination round in which the eight cats are placed in front of a bowl of cat food. The first three to finish their food, or the three which eat the most when time expires move on to the second round.
The three remaining owners answer trivia questions for points. The format is similar to "Jeopardy!" with six cat-related CATegories containing questions ranging from 10 to 50 points. The lowest-scoring owner is eliminated.
The two cats are each recorded in seven different situations. The owners wager points on what their cat will do before each clip is shown. They may not wager more than half of their points on the first two questions. For the remainder, they may wager any or all of their points. The cat and owner with the highest score win $25,000, and a chance to play the bonus round.
Ten bags of Meow Mix cat food are placed on the stage; the bags contain symbols with only one pair containing matching symbols. The owner and cat each choose a bag. If the two bags chosen have the same symbol, the owner wins $1,000,000, and in addition, earns an extra $100,000 to donate to the animal shelter of their choice. Otherwise, the contestant leaves with their $25,000.
The show hasn't been seen on GSN since it premiered in November.

</doc>
<doc id="19932844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932844" title="Océan Lock">
Océan Lock

Océan Lock is a single chamber lock on the Canal du Midi. The adjacent locks are Mediterranee Lock 5190 metres to the east and Emborrel Lock 4157 metres to the west. Ocean Lock marks the start of the summit section of the canal when travelling west to east.
It is located in the commune of Montferrand, Aude.

</doc>
<doc id="19932849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932849" title="San Francisco de Conchos">
San Francisco de Conchos


</doc>
<doc id="19932850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932850" title="Prince Januarius, Count of Caltagirone">
Prince Januarius, Count of Caltagirone

Januarius Maria Immaculata Louis of Bourbon-Two Sicilies, Count of Caltagirone (Full Italian name: "Gennaro Maria Immacolata Luigi, Principe di Borbone delle Due Sicilie, Conte di Caltagirone") (28 February 1857 – 13 August 1867) was the twelfth and youngest child of Ferdinand II of the Two Sicilies and his wife Maria Theresa of Austria. Januarius was a member of the House of Bourbon-Two Sicilies. The prince was named for Saint Januarius (), patron saint of Naples.
Life.
Januarius was born in the Caserta Palace, two years before the death of his father, Ferdinand II, the penultimate King of the Two Sicilies. At the time of the prince's birth, Ferdinand was already ill and too weak to play with his youngest son as he had done with his previous eleven children. The young prince would never know of the carefree experience of growing up in the opulence of the Neapolitan court.
In 1860, the Royal Family of the Two Sicilies was driven from Naples and from the kingdom by Giuseppe Garibaldi and his Expedition of the Thousand. Garibaldi and his troops deprived Januarius and his family of their properties and wealth forcing the family and their descendants into a financially strained and nomadic existence. Pope Pius IX offered the family a residence at Quirinal Palace in Rome as gratitude for their loyalty.
In 1867, a cholera epidemic forced the population, or at least those who could, to leave the capital. Januarius's mother, Maria Theresa, took the children who still lived with her at Quirinal Palace and moved them over the Alban Hills to Albano Laziale. Despite his mother's efforts to spare her children from illness, the small Januarius contracted cholera. Januarius died almost immediately. Maria Theresa was also infected and died after atrocious suffering, having refused treatment from a doctor whom she considered to be "liberal."

</doc>
<doc id="19932853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932853" title="United States Post Office (Powell, Wyoming)">
United States Post Office (Powell, Wyoming)

The Powell Main Post Office in Powell, Wyoming was built in 1937 as part of a facilities improvement program by the United States Post Office Department. The post office in Powell was nominated to the National Register of Historic Places as part of a thematic study comprising twelve Wyoming post offices built to standardized USPO plans in the early twentieth century.

</doc>
<doc id="19932858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932858" title="Salagam">
Salagam

Salagam (pronounced sālagam) is a rāgam in Carnatic music (musical scale of South Indian classical music). It is the 37th "melakarta" rāgam in the 72 "melakarta" rāgam system of Carnatic music. It is called Sowgandini in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music.
Structure and Lakshana.
It is the 1st rāgam in the 7th "chakra Rishi". The mnemonic name is "Rishi-Pa". The mnemonic phrase is "sa ra ga mi pa dha na". Its "" structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see "swaras" in Carnatic music for details on below notation and terms):
In this scale, the notes "shuddha rishabham, shuddha gandharam, prati madhyamam, shuddha dhaivatham" and "shuddha nishadham" are used. As "Salagam" is a "melakarta" rāgam, by definition it is a "sampoorna" rāgam (has all seven notes in ascending and descending scale). It is the "prati madhyamam" equivalent of "Kanakangi", which is the first "melakarta".
"Janya" rāgams.
"Salagam" has a minor "janya" rāgam (derived scale) associated with it. See List of "janya" rāgams for full list of rāgams associated with "Salagam" and other "melakartas".
Compositions.
A few compositions set to "Salagam" scale are:
Related rāgams.
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
"Salagam's" notes when shifted using "Graha bhedam", yields no other "melakarta" rāgam, like all 6 rāgams in the "Rishi chakra" ("Jalarnavam, Jhalavarali, Navaneetam, Pavani" and "Raghupriya" being the other 5). Only these rāgams have a gap of 3 notes anywhere in their scale, between G1 to M2. Such a gap does not occur in any other "melakarta" by definition. "Graha bhedam" is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the "shadjam" to the next note in the rāgam.

</doc>
<doc id="19932873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932873" title="Julimes">
Julimes

The community is adjacent the east bank of a north-flowing section of the Rio Conchos.

</doc>
<doc id="19932907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932907" title="Villa López">
Villa López


</doc>
<doc id="19932933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932933" title="Pedro Meoqui">
Pedro Meoqui


</doc>
<doc id="19932939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932939" title="Shannon Thunderbird">
Shannon Thunderbird

Shannon Thunderbird is a Coast Tsimshian First Nations singer-songwriter, speaker, educator, recording artist, playwright, and author.
She is an Elder of the Giluts'aaw tribe, Royal House of Niis'gumiik, Gispwudwada (Orca) Clan. She is a medicine wheel teacher and artist/educator who communicates time-honoured Indigenous knowledge in a variety of ways, workshops/seminars, drumming circles, stage shows. Thunderbird has worked with thousands of people all over North America, Europe and Asia. In particular, she has presented over fifteen hundred shows in elementary, secondary schools, universities and colleges. She is the President and Artistic Director of Teya Peya Productions, a First Nations arts/education company that includes the Thunderbird Native Theatre.
Her "Thunderous" touring shows include "Eagle Thunder: Song of Hope", "Sweet Thunder Medicine Wheel", "Daughter of the Copper Shield", "Thunder Rolling in the Mountains", Thunder Wolf Songwriting, Vocals and Drumming, Spirit Thunder Drumming and vocal workshops about cultural diversity and North American Indigenous cultures.

</doc>
<doc id="19932940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932940" title="Hajla e Vëranocit">
Hajla e Vëranocit

Vranovačka Hajla (; Montenegrin and Serbian: Врановачка Хајла, "Vranovačka Hajla") is a mountain whose high peak forms the boundary between Kosovo, Serbia and Montenegro. It is a peak of the Hajla mountain and the Prokletije, which are also located between the two. It is not far from the highest peak, Hajla at as it is just west from its direction.
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:

</doc>
<doc id="19932941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932941" title="Red Blanchard">
Red Blanchard

Donald Francis "Red" Blanchard (July 24, 1914 – February 24, 1980) was an American comedian and country musician.
Biography.
He was born in Pittsville, Wisconsin, the third son of William and May (Jackson) Blanchard. In his teens he learned to play guitar, fiddle and banjo. Inspired by the "Blue Yodeler" Jimmie Rodgers, he purchased his first guitar at the age of fourteen. In 1930, accompanied his two older brothers, Hillis and Nolney, he made his singing debut on radio station WISN in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, calling himself the "Texas Yodeler". In 1931, he performed on the National Barn Dance at WLS in Chicago as a member of "Rube Tronson's Texas Cowboys". He was married on July 16, 1934 to Lucille Overstake, who later became known under the name of Jenny Lou Carson. The marriage didn't last and they were divorced soon afterwards.
In March 1942, Blanchard was drafted, serving four years in the South Pacific as a combat entertainer of soldiers. A million soldiers saw his concerts and he was awarded six battle stars. After his discharge in 1946, he joined the "Sage Riders", performing on the National Barn Dance. The "Sage Riders" comprised Ray Klein, Dolph Hewitt and Don "Whytsell" White. He was married for the second time in 1946 to Marcella "Sally" Ebert, who was one of the square dancers at the National Barn Dance. In 1950, Blanchard left the "Sage Riders" to concentrate on a solo career. During the 1950s, he hosted the "Red Blanchard Show" and the "Merry-Go-Round Show". He also appeared on shows such as "Smile-A-While" and the "Armed Forces Radio Services" and also worked as an author, publishing books and writing columns for newspapers. In 1959, the National Barn Dance was transferred from WLS to WGN, where it changed name to the WGN Barn Dance. When WGN Barn Dance was cancelled in 1969 Blanchard began an extensive tour of more than 250 engagements a year.
In the 1960s and 1970s, he purchased several radio stations in Illinois and Iowa, with his business partners, Dolph Hewitt and Harry Campbell. During a broadcast from the "Dinner Bell Show" at WLS, he was elected "Honorary Mayor of Pittsville, Honorary Chief of Police, and Honorary Chief of the Fire Department", by his hometown of Pittsville. He retired to Florida and died in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="19932952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932952" title="Dutch Top 40 number-one hits of 1992">
Dutch Top 40 number-one hits of 1992

This is a list of the Dutch Top 40 number-one singles of 1992.

</doc>
<doc id="19932957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932957" title="Friedrich Wilhelm Schultz">
Friedrich Wilhelm Schultz

Friedrich Wilhelm Schultz (January 3, 1804 - December 30, 1876) was a German pharmacist and botanist who was a native of Zweibrücken.
He initially learned the pharmacy profession at his father's store in Zweibrücken. In 1827 be began studies in Munich, later performing post-doctoral work in Tübingen. In 1832 he became owner of a pharmacy in Bitsch, and in 1853 relocated to Weissenburg.
Schultz was a specialist regarding the botanical family Orobanchaceae. One of his better known publications was a book on Palatinate flora called "Flora der Pfalz". With Paul Constant Billot (1796-1863), he was co-author of "Archives de la flore de France et d’Allemagne".
In 1840 with his brother, Carl Heinrich Schultz (1805-1867), et al., he founded the scientific society POLLICHIA, a group specializing in nature studies of the Rheinland-Pfalz region.

</doc>
<doc id="19932968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932968" title="Nonoava">
Nonoava


</doc>
<doc id="19932973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932973" title="National Archives and Records Service">
National Archives and Records Service

National Archives and Records Service (formerly called the State Archives Service) is a government authority in South Africa.
The Bureau of Heraldry, headed by the National Herald (formerly State Herald) and the Heraldry Council form part of the National Archives and Records Service, which is currently under the authority of the Minister of Arts & Culture.

</doc>
<doc id="19932995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19932995" title="James Summers">
James Summers

James Summers (5 June 1828 – 1 February 1891) was a British scholar of English literature, hired by the Meiji government of the Empire of Japan to establish an English language curriculum at the "Kaisei Gakuin" (the forerunner of Tokyo Imperial University in 1873.
Biography.
James A. Summers was born in Richfield, Kent. His father was a sculptor of limited means, and could only provide him with a primary school education. Summers studied foreign languages and classical literature on his own, and obtained a teaching position at St. Paul's College in Hong Kong in 1848 with hopes of becoming a diplomat in the future. His stay in Hong Kong was eventful – he was arrested by the Portuguese authorities in Macao in 1849 for refusing to remove his hat during a Catholic religious procession. The Portuguese refused to accede to the British government’s request for his release, and he was only returned after the British threatened military action. Summers was forced to resign his post, and returned to England in 1851.
In 1852, Summers became professor of Chinese language of King's College London in the University of London at the age of 25, despite his lack of a formal education. In 1853 he published a first book on the Chinese language, and the following year translated the Bible into Shanghai dialect (using the Latin alphabet). His services and lectures were in great demand by diplomats, missionaries and merchants intending to travel to China. One of his students was Ernest M. Satow, who came to Japan as an interpreter in the early part of the Meiji period and later became the British Consul. 
From 1864, Summers began publishing essays on the Japanese language and Japanese grammar, as well as translations of Japanese poetry and an excerpt from the "Tale of the Heike" in British literary magazines. It is not clear how Summers learned Japanese, but some Japanese students (including Minami Teisuke) were already in Great Britain from 1865. 
In 1873, Summers published the first overseas Japanese-language newspaper, "The Taisei Shinbun" in London. The newspaper contained articles on Windsor Castle, Niagara Falls, the death of Napoleon, the Palace of Versailles, and news related to Britain along with advertisements. Summers intended it for Japanese students in London, but it did not sell well and soon ceased publication.
In 1872, when the Iwakura Mission visited England, Summers assisted with the visit, and was offered a position as an English teacher at the new "Kaisei Gakuin" (later Tokyo Imperial University) in Tokyo. He departed Southampton in mid-summer with his family, arriving in Japan in October 1873. 
Summers used works by Shakespeare (notably "Hamlet" and "Henry VIII" ) and John Milton in his teaching. His students included future Prime Minister Katō Takaaki, diplomat Amanō Tameyuki, and artist Okakura Kakuzō, 
In August 1876, after his three year contract as an "O-yatoi gaikokujin" expired, Summers went to the Niigata English School as an English teacher but six months later the school was closed, and he transferred to the Osaka English School. In June 1880, Summers was invited to the Sapporo Agricultural College as a professor of English literature, where one of his students was Inazō Nitobe. In 1882, Summers returned to Tokyo, where he tutored foreign children and opened a private school in 1884. 
In 1891, Summers died of a cerebral hemorrhage at his home in Tsukiji Tokyo. His widow Ellen and daughters continued the school he had established, teaching English to noted novelist Junichirō Tanizaki before it closed in 1908. Summers is buried in the foreign cemetery in Yokohama.

</doc>
<doc id="19933012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933012" title="Charlotte Susa">
Charlotte Susa

Charlotte Susa (1 March 1898 – 28 July 1976) was a German actress.
Biography.
Susa was born Charlotta Wegmüller near Memel, East Prussia and first appeared at a stage in 1915 at Tilsit. She chose her mothers maiden name "Susa" as her stage name and began a successful career as a singer and actress at different German Opera and Operetta stages, e.g. at Brandenburg, Essen, Düsseldorf, Hamburg and Cologne and later on at the Admiralspalast in Berlin.
Susa gave her debut as a film actress in the German Silent movie "Der Prinz und die Tänzerin" in 1926 and became popular for her roles as a Femme fatale. In 1932 she signed a contract with MGM and moved to the United States to start an international career.
Elizabeth Yeaman wrote in her newspaper column on 15 August 1932:
However, Susa did not succeed in Hollywood, returned to Germany soon and canceled the MGM contract in 1934. Her last role in a movie was a minor one in the 1941 comedy "Der Gasmann" next to Heinz Rühmann and Anny Ondra. After that she returned to theater stages.
Susa was married to Paul Cablin, Fritz Malkowsky and after 1939 to Andrews Engelmann. Susa died at Basel in Switzerland in the age of 78.

</doc>
<doc id="19933020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933020" title="1944–45 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1944–45 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

Huddersfield Town's 1944–45 campaign saw Town continuing to play in the Wartime League. They finished 1st in the 1st NRL Competition, 34th in the War Cup qualifiers and 13th in the 2nd NRL Competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19933021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933021" title="Sailing at the 2008 Asian Beach Games">
Sailing at the 2008 Asian Beach Games

Sailing at the 2008 Asian Beach Games were held from 21 October to 25 October 2008 in Bali, Indonesia.
Results.
Men.
Mistral lightweight.
October 21–25
Mistral heavyweight.
October 21–25
RS:X.
October 21–25
Women.
Mistral.
October 21–25
Open.
Laser 4.7.
October 21–25
Hobie 16.
October 21–25

</doc>
<doc id="19933024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933024" title="Disconnected (Face to Face song)">
Disconnected (Face to Face song)

"Disconnected" is a song by the American punk rock band Face to Face, written by singer/guitarist Trever Keith and bassist Matt Riddle. It first appeared on their 1992 debut album "Don't Turn Away" and was released as a 7" single in 1993 on the independent record label Fat Wreck Chords. A remixed version appeared on the "Over It" EP in 1994 after the band had signed to Victory Music. This version received radio airplay, leading the label to request that the band re-record "Disconnected" for their second album "Big Choice" (1994). This third version of the song was made into a music video and reached #39 on "Billboard"'s Modern Rock Tracks chart in 1995.
Origins and recording.
Face to Face had recorded their debut album "Don't Turn Away" at Westbeach Recorders in Hollywood, California in October 1991 with producer Donnell Cameron. However, there were complications with the record label Dr. Strange Records and nearly a year had passed and the album had still not been released. The band met aspiring record engineer Jim Goodwin, who offered to record new material with them for free. They agreed and recorded five new songs including "Disconnected" with Goodwin at Soundcastle in Los Angeles in August 1992. Goodwin also remixed all of the material from the Westbeach sessions, and the new songs were added to "Don't Turn Away" which was released on Dr. Strange in 1992.
Release, reception, and re-recording.
Copies of "Don't Turn Away" sold quickly and Dr. Strange was unable to keep up with the demand, so singer/guitarist Trever Keith contacted Fat Mike of Fat Wreck Chords to re-release it with wider distribution. In addition to re-releasing the album, Fat Wreck Chords released "Disconnected" as a 7" single in August 1993. In 1994 Face to Face signed to Victory Music, who released the "Over It" EP in order to test their new distribution system. The EP included a remixed version of "Disconnected" which was added to the playlist at KROQ-FM. The steady airplay of "Disconnected" helped the band's profile grow considerably, and Victory Music requested that the band re-record the song for their second album "Big Choice", which was scheduled to be released in several weeks. Keith has noted that the band were reluctant to re-record the song, but did not want to miss the opportunity to capitalize on its success:
We made ["Big Choice"] (in 10 days) and before it was even released, our label had started getting radio airplay for "Disconnected." It was on an EP we called "Over It" that Victory Music had put out to "test" the waters. Since the song was really working at radio, our manager and label wanted us to also put it on our new album. We reluctantly agreed because we didn't want to blow any opportunities or ruin momentum for the band. It was a weird time. A friend of ours at the label called me one day and politely let me know that we were making a lot of mistakes with our career. We decided to fire our manager and try to get off of Victory Music.
"Disconnected" was included as a bonus track on "Big Choice", along with a cover of the Descendents song "Bikeage". After the album's eleventh track, "Late", there is a twelfth untitled track consisting of a conversation between the band members and representatives from the record label about whether or not to include "Disconnected" on the album, with the band members stating that they do not want to be labeled as "sellouts" or lose credibility with their fans, and one member stating that "there's no way in hell this song's going on this record." "Disconnected" then appears as the thirteenth track. This third version of the song included second guitarist Chad Yaro, who had joined the band prior to the recording of "Over It". A music video was filmed and the song reached #39 on "Billboard"'s Modern Rock Tracks chart in 1995. It was also used in the soundtracks for the films "Tank Girl" and "National Lampoon's Senior Trip" that same year. The song's success ultimately helped "Big Choice" to sell over 100,000 copies. Rich Egan, who became the band's manager shortly after the release of "Big Choice", has recalled that Disconnected' was on the radio and the band was getting bigger by the day. It was just GO GO GO from day one."
Legacy.
The relative success of "Disconnected" helped Face to Face to gain more exposure and popularity, and the song became a standard for the band for the rest of their career. Allmusic reviewer Vincent Jeffries recalls that the song was an "alt-rock radio mega-hit", while Tracy Fey comments that the "Over It" version is "a rawer, less polished version than the one that appears on "Big Choice", but the power and catchiness are still there", remarking that "Disconnected" and "I Used to Think" "stand out as the backbone of the EP" and that the "Big Choice" version is "a bit heavier".
After Face to Face's breakup in 2004, Keith released a compilation album entitled "" through his Antagonist Records label. It includes the original version of "Disconnected" from "Don't Turn Away" as the album's opening track, and a live version of the song recorded at the band's farewell performance on September 19, 2004 at the House of Blues in Hollywood, California as the closing track. A review of the album on Punknews.org remarks that it is "Fitting that the live version of 'Disconnected' finishes this retrospective just as it started, more fitting that it was the final song recorded from their final live performance, in their home of Southern California," calling "Disconnected" "the band's most well known song" and "one of the best punk songs of the '90s."

</doc>
<doc id="19933043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933043" title="Santa Cruz de Rosales">
Santa Cruz de Rosales


</doc>
<doc id="19933045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933045" title="Anti-Flirt Club">
Anti-Flirt Club

The Anti-Flirt Club was an American club active in Washington, D.C., during the early 1920s. The purpose of the club was to protect young women and girls who received unwelcome attention from men in automobiles and on street corners. The Anti-Flirt Club launched an "Anti-Flirt" week, which began on March 4, 1923.
The club had a series of rules, which were intended as sound and serious advice. These were:
A Washington Post article from February 28, 1923, titled "10 Girls Start War on Auto Invitation," laid out the problem: "Too many motorists are taking advantage of the precedent established during the war by offering to take young lady pedestrians in their cars, Miss Helen Brown, 639 Longfellow Street, declared yesterday." Brown, the secretary of the nascent Anti-Flirt club, warned that these men "don't all tender their invitations to save the girls a walk," and while there were "other varieties of flirts," motorists were the absolute worst.
Brown, along with the president—a Miss Alice Reighly of 1400 Harvard Street—made their plan of action known. On March 4, 1923, the first-ever Anti-Flirt Week (and only since) would commence.

</doc>
<doc id="19933055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933055" title="Hajla e Shkrelit">
Hajla e Shkrelit

Škreljska Hajla (; Montenegrin and Serbian: Шкрељска Хајла, "Škreljska Hajla") is a mountain in Kosovo and Montenegro. It reaches a height of and is part of the Hajla mountain in the Prokletije. Its location in the Hajla mountain is in the far west.
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:

</doc>
<doc id="19933058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933058" title="Jalarnavam">
Jalarnavam

Jalarnavam (pronounced , meaning "the ocean") is a rāgam in Carnatic music (musical scale of South Indian classical music). It is the 38th "Melakarta" rāgam in the 72 "melakarta" rāgam system of Carnatic music.
It is called Jaganmōhanam in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music.
Structure and Lakshana.
It is the 2nd rāgam in the 7th "chakra Rishi". The mnemonic name is "Rishi-Sri". The mnemonic phrase is "sa ra ga mi pa dha ni". Its "" structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see "swaras" in Carnatic music for details on below notation and terms):
As it is a "melakarta" rāgam, by definition it is a "sampoorna" rāgam (has all seven notes in ascending and descending scale). It is the "prati madhyamam" equivalent of "Ratnangi", which is the 2nd "melakarta".
"Janya" rāgams.
"Jalarnavam" has a minor "janya" rāgam (derived scale) associated with it. See List of "janya" rāgams for full list of rāgams associated with "Jalarnavam" and other "melakarta" rāgams.
Compositions.
A few compositions set to this scale are:
Related rāgams.
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
"Jalarnavam's" notes when shifted using "Graha bhedam", yields no other "melakarta" rāgam, like all 6 rāgams in the "Rishi chakra" ("Salagam, Jhalavarali, Navaneetam, Pavani" and "Raghupriya" being the other 5). Only these rāgams have a gap of 3 notes anywhere in their scale, between G1 to M2. Such a gap does not occur in any other "melakarta" by definition.
"Graha bhedam" is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the "shadjam" to the next note in the rāgam.

</doc>
<doc id="19933068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933068" title="Valle del Rosario">
Valle del Rosario


</doc>
<doc id="19933075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933075" title="Frank Varey">
Frank Varey

Frank Varey (born 31 March 1908 in Eldwick, England - died February 1988, Sheffield) was a former international speedway rider who featured in the Speedway World Championship finals in 1937 and 1938. He also featured in two Star Riders' Championships, the forerunner to the World Championship, in 1932 and 1933.
Career summary.
Rider.
Varey began his speedway career competing in open meetings in 1928 before signing for the Belle Vue Aces who had joined the newly formed Northern League in 1929. Varey began succeeding quickly but had a reputation of being a hard, uncompromising rider which often led him to disciplinary problems with speedway authorities, confrontations and occasional scuffles with other riders and on several occasions needing police escorts from stadiums after on-track action upset the home fans at other tracks.
During the winter of 1929-1930, Varey rode in meetings in Argentina, where the local fans gave him the nickname of "El Dibalo Rojo" (The Red Devil) which further established his tough image even further.
Varey was very successful at Belle Vue. After being made captain in 1931 following the retirement of his friend and rival Arthur Franklyn, the team won the National League Championship four seasons in a row from 1933 to 1936 and were leading in the 1939 season until it was abandoned due to the outbreak of World War II. The Aces also won the National Trophy in those same four seasons.
Varey was selected to ride for England in the first ever Ashes Test Match series against Australia and was awarded the captaincy in the test held at Belle Vue.
He continued to ride during the war and in 1944 won the British Wartime Championship.
Promoter.
At the end of 1945 he decided to retire from racing and began promoting speedway at the Owlerton Stadium in Sheffield, staying as promoter of the Sheffield Tigers until 1950 before a spell promoting the Edinburgh Monarchs. Varey restarted speedway at Sheffield in 1960 in the Provincial League and remained until ill health forced him to relinquish control.
Varey returned to Belle Vue as team manager following the death of Dent Oliver the previous year but despite ongoing health problems he still helped with track preparation at Sheffield.
Varey died in February 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="19933077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933077" title="Frederick Hyland">
Frederick Hyland

Frederick Hyland (December 16, 1893 — February 27, 1964) was an English cricketer who played for Hampshire. He was born in Battle and died in Hartford, Cheshire.
Hyland made a single first-class appearance, during the 1924 County Championship season, against Northamptonshire. However, the match was abandoned with just a single run on the board.

</doc>
<doc id="19933078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933078" title="Walter Fielder">
Walter Fielder

Walter Fielder (March 6, 1899 — January 7, 1968) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman who played for Hampshire. He was born in Fareham, Hampshire and died in Sarisbury Green.
Fielder made a single first-class appearance, during the 1923 County Championship, against Leicestershire. As a tailender, he scored 2 not out in the only innings in which he batted, as well as bowling seven overs at 0-26.

</doc>
<doc id="19933079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933079" title="David Blair (rugby union)">
David Blair (rugby union)

David Blair, (born 14 July 1985) was a Scottish rugby union player who played Stand Off and played for Edinburgh Gunners in the Magners League until 2011. He is the younger brother of Scotland captain Mike Blair who also plays for Edinburgh. David Blair started at Sale Sharks and then moved to Edinburgh to join up with his brother. 
An injury to Phil Godman in September 2010 made him the first choice stand off for Edinburgh. He started with a man of the match performance to beat Leinster.
David was awarded PP2010 by a Swedish tourist and continues to hold that title.

</doc>
<doc id="19933088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933088" title="Baselios Sakralla III of Aleppo">
Baselios Sakralla III of Aleppo

Baselios Sakralla 3rd of Aleppo was the Maphriyano (Catholicos) of the Syrian Orthodox Church of the East from 1748-1760.
Maphriyano Sakralla came to India in 1751 and was buried at Kandanad Martha Mariyam Church in 1764 AD. 
He was declared a Saint by the Patriarch of the Syriac Orthodox Church in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19933091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933091" title="Joseph Kellogg">
Joseph Kellogg

Joseph Kellogg was a well-known steamboat captain and businessman of Portland, Oregon.
Early life.
Joseph Kellogg was born in Canada on June 12, 1812. His father Orrin Kellogg (9/4/1790-2/14/1872) was born in St. Albans, Vermont and his mother Margaret Miller Kellogg was Canadian. After the war of 1812, his family moved first to New York and then to Ohio. Kellogg was trained as a millwright.
In 1847 the Kellogg family crossed the plains to Oregon. They left Wood county, Ohio, November 24, 1847, with horse-drawn wagons. At Cincinnati, Ohio they shipped by steamer to St. Louis, and from there drove to St. Joseph, Missouri where they wintered.
Emigration to Oregon.
In May a company of thirty wagons started on journey across the plains. They had covered wagons and were provided with tin stoves and all the arms and provisions needed for such a journey. The emigrant party later exchanged their horses for oxen. They were able to travel nearly twenty-five miles a day, and arrived at Milwaukie, Oregon on September 8, 1848.
On arrival in Oregon, the heads of the families took up adjoining donation land claims of each, on which they erected cabins. Kellogg built the first commercial flour mill in Oregon. He also built several of the first sawmills. Kellogg's land claim was next to that of Lot Whitcomb, at Milwaukie. Kellogg, Whitcomb and William Torrence laid out the town site of what they hoped would be the principal city in Oregon.
In Milwaukie, Kellogg built a sawmill and a schooner. Kellogg, Whitcomb and Torrence loaded the schooner with provisions from the adjoining farms, took it to California, and there sold both vessel and cargo, and with the proceeds they bought the brig "Forest", which they used in the lumber trade between Oregon and California.Lumber in Sacramento was at that time worth $200 for 1,000 board feet. The firm soon made money enough to purchase the bark "Louisiana", which was fitted with engines and boilers and the complete outfit of a steamship.
Construction of the "Lot Whitcomb".
In the spring of 1850, Kellogg, Whitcomb and Torrence began building the sidewheel steamer "Lot Whitcomb", which either the first or the second large steam craft ever built in Oregon. They launched this boat on December 25, 1850. Kellogg was one of the owners of the boat, as well as of the site of the new city of Milwaukee. Under the initial command of Capt. John C. Ainsworth, "Lot Whitcomb" ran between Milwaukee and Astoria for several years, after which they sold it in San Francisco. Later Kellogg withdrew from the firm, forming a partnership with Bradbury and Eddy, who together built the Standard Flour Mills, which for years were the most extensive in the state of Oregon.
Association with the People's Transportation Company.
In 1863 Kellogg built the sternwheeler "Senator", which he sold to the People's Transportation Company. Kellogg became an owner of the People's Transportation Company in 1864. In 1867, Kellogg superintended the building of a basin above Willamette Falls, in 1867, which made it much easier to traverse the portage between the portions of the Willamette River above and below Willamette Falls. Kellogg was also connected with Capt. George A. Pease in the first navigation of the Tualatin River with the steamboat "Onward", and they also constructed the canal between that river and Sucker Lake, making it possible to bring freight from the Tualatin River to Oswego and thence to the Willamette river. Kellogg also laid out the town of Oswego.
Sale of business to Ben Holladay.
In 1870 the People's Transportation Company sold out to Ben Holladay, and soon afterward the Willamette Transportation Company was formed, of which Kellogg became vice-president and director. Under Kellogg's supervision, this company built the steamboats "Governor Grover" and "Beaver".
Operations on the Cowlitz River.
Soon later Kellogg sold out his interest in the Willamette Transportation Company and its boats, and formed a new transportation company with his brother, Jason, and his two sons. Kellogg then built the steamboats "Joseph Kellogg" and "Toledo" and placed his boats on the Columbia River, on the line to Washougal, Washington and the Cowlitz River. His two sons, Captains Orrin and Charles H., were put in command of these boats. The firm was incorporated as the Joseph Kellogg Transportation Company, and it became one of the most successful steamboat lines on the Columbia
river.
Personal life.
Kellogg's son Charles H. Kellogg became a successful steamboat captain, but died before his father on August 7, 1889 Kellogy's other son Orrin lived much longer, and was also a successful captain. Kellogg died Nov 30, 1903 and is buried at the Greenwood Hills Cemetery, Portland, Oregon along with his wife Estella. Kellogg had child, Harvey, who died in infancy. Kellogg lived to the age of 91, and at his death was the senior river pilot. Kellogg was also a prominent Mason

</doc>
<doc id="19933099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933099" title="Madison Parish School Board">
Madison Parish School Board

The Madison Parish School Board is an entity responsible for the operation of public schools in Madison Parish, Louisiana, United States. It is headquartered in the city of Tallulah.

</doc>
<doc id="19933109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933109" title="San Francisco de Borja">
San Francisco de Borja

San Francisco de Borja was founded as a Jesuit mission in the 1640s to the Tarahumara. The Tarahumara destroyed it in war with the Spanish in 1648, but it was later rebuilt.

</doc>
<doc id="19933122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933122" title="Morelos, Chihuahua">
Morelos, Chihuahua


</doc>
<doc id="19933135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933135" title="Mimi Berdal">
Mimi Berdal

Mimi Kristine Berdal (born 15 June 1959) is a Norwegian lawyer and businessperson.
A lawyer by profession, she graduated as cand.jur. from the University of Oslo in 1987. She was a research assistant from 1985 to 1986, worked for Total from 1989 and as a lawyer from 1990.
She chaired the board of directors of Stabæk Fotball from 2005 to 2009, and is a member of the board of Rocksource, Itera, Synnøve Finden, Q-Free and Gassco and a former member of the board of Norsk Rikstoto and Øvrevoll Galopp. She has been recognized as having most board memberships of all women in Norway, with approximately 90 in total.

</doc>
<doc id="19933157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933157" title="Moris, Chihuahua">
Moris, Chihuahua


</doc>
<doc id="19933174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933174" title="Georg Schönberger">
Georg Schönberger

Georg Schönberger (21 December 1911 — 20 November 1943) was an Obersturmbannführer (Lieutenant Colonel) in the Waffen-SS who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.
During Operation Marita Schönberger was in command of the Sturmgeschütz (Assault gun) Battalion "LSSAH".
He was later given command of the I/Battalion, SS Panzer Regiment 1.
It was during his command of the 1st SS Panzer Regiment that he was killed in action by artillery shrapnel on November 20, 1943 in the Zhitomir fighting. and was awarded a posthumous Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross in December 1943.

</doc>
<doc id="19933181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933181" title="Ignacy Ledochowski I">
Ignacy Ledochowski I

Ignacy Hilary Halka Count Ledóchowski (* 13 January 1789 in Krupa; † 29 March 1870 in Klimontów) was an Austrian as well as Polish General, a scion of the Ledóchowski family and Commander of the Fortress Modlin.
Ignacy Hilary Halka count Ledóchowski was the son of Antoni Halka Count Ledóchowski (* 1755; † 1835).

</doc>
<doc id="19933185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933185" title="Jhalavarali">
Jhalavarali

Jhalavarali (pronounced , meaning "A moon with the sun's heat") is a rāgam in Carnatic music (musical scale of South Indian classical music). It is the 39th "Melakarta" rāgam in the 72 "melakarta" rāgam system of Carnatic music.
It is called in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music.
Structure and Lakshana.
It is the 3rd rāgam in the 7th "chakra Rishi". The mnemonic name is "Rishi-Go". The mnemonic phrase is "sa ra ga mi pa dha nu". Its "" structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see "swaras" in Carnatic music for details on below notation and terms):
As it is a "melakarta" rāgam, by definition it is a "sampoorna" rāgam (has all seven notes in ascending and descending scale). It is the "prati madhyamam" equivalent of "Ganamoorti", which is the 3rd "melakarta".
"Janya rāgams".
Jhalavarali has a few "janya" rāgams (derived scale) associated with it, of which "Varali" is very popular. See List of "janya" rāgams for full list of rāgams associated with "Jhalavarali".
Compositions.
A few compositions set to "Jhalavarali" are:
Related rāgams.
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
"Jhalavarali's" notes when shifted using "Graha bhedam", yields no other "melakarta" rāgam, like all 6 rāgams in the "Rishi" chakra ("Salagam, Jalarnavam, Navaneetam, Pavani" and "Raghupriya" being the other 5). Only these rāgams have a gap of 3 notes anywhere in their scale, between G1 to M2. Such a gap does not occur in any other "melakarta" by definition.
"Graha bhedam" is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the "shadjam" to the next note in the rāgam.

</doc>
<doc id="19933195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933195" title="Maja Dramadol">
Maja Dramadol

Derman Dol (, Montenegrin: Derman dol/Дерман дол, ) is a peak of the Hajla mountain in the Prokletije located in Montenegro and Kosovo. This mountain reaches a height of 2,120m and is found to the west of the Hajla mountain.
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:

</doc>
<doc id="19933197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933197" title="Mark Beeson">
Mark Beeson

Mark Beeson (born 1962) is Professor of International Politics at Murdoch University in Perth, Western Australia. He was previously Winthrop Professor of International Relations and Political Science at the University of Western Australia. He has also worked at Griffith University and the University of Queensland in Australia, and the University of York and the University of Birmingham in the United Kingdom.
Publications.
Beeson's main publications include:

</doc>
<doc id="19933226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933226" title="Juárez Municipality, Chihuahua">
Juárez Municipality, Chihuahua

Juárez is one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in northern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Ciudad Juárez. The municipality covers an area of .
In the 2010 INEGI Census, the municipality reported a total population of 1,332,131, of whom 1,321,004 (over 99%) lived in the municipal seat. 
The municipality is named for 19th-century president Benito Juárez, as is the city of Ciudad Juárez.
Geography.
Towns and villages.
The municipality has 147 localities. The largest are:

</doc>
<doc id="19933236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933236" title="United States Post Office (Basin, Wyoming)">
United States Post Office (Basin, Wyoming)

The Basin Main Post Office in Basin, Wyoming was built in 1919 as part of a facilities improvement program by the United States Post Office Department. The post office in Basin was nominated to the National Register of Historic Places as part of a thematic study comprising twelve Wyoming post offices built to standardized USPO plans in the early twentieth century.

</doc>
<doc id="19933237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933237" title="1987 BMW Open – Singles">
1987 BMW Open – Singles

Emilio Sánchez was the defending champion, but lost in the first round this year.
Guillermo Pérez-Roldán won the title, defeating Marián Vajda 6–3, 7–6 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19933239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933239" title="Colne Brook">
Colne Brook

The Colne Brook is a river in England that is a distributary of the River Colne which runs from Uxbridge Moor, there forming the western border of Greater London, to the River Thames just below Bell Weir Lock in Hythe End, Wraysbury, Berkshire.
Detailed Course.
On leaving the Colne at Uxbridge Moor in the Colne Valley regional park, the Colne Brook flows close by to the west until West Drayton then passes under the M25 motorway at the M4 "Thorney interchange", enters Berkshire and flows through the village of Colnbrook. South of Colnbrook it receives a proportion of water from the Poyle Channel — after which the remainder of the Poyle Channel becomes the Wraysbury River — then the Brook runs between Horton's centre and another residential part of Horton on Coppermill Road adjoining Wraysbury Reservoir. Colne Brook then enters the Royal Borough of Windsor and Maidenhead, passes Wraysbury railway station then adjoins lakes made of former gravel pit at Wraysbury which make up a Site of Special Scientific Interest, before running into the River Thames between the M25 Runnymede Bridge and nearby Bell Weir Lock. 

</doc>
<doc id="19933266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933266" title="Silvery">
Silvery

Silvery are a London-based 4-piece indie rock band, signed to Blow Up Records (the label of the legendary Britpop night club Blow Up). Their sound was best described by Journalist David Quantick in The Word (magazine) as "Splenetic, frenetic, kinetic" and in NME as "Girlie harmonies, sniggering, fairground piano... tumble-dried Blur (band) melting Sparks (band) into liquid pop".
History.
Early shows were theatrical affairs, featuring bubble machines, Victorian uniforms, sword fights and flowers, meaning the band became an oddity on the London circuit, gaining a cult following and attracting reviews in NME and invitations to play such prestigious venues as KOKO in Camden, and O2 Wireless festival in Hyde Park, London. In the Summer of 2007 the band were picked up by Blow Up Records. 
Double A side debut single Horrors / Orders was a suitable statement of intent and the accompanying video gaining heavy rotation on MTV2 and in Topshop branches around the UK. Next single Devil In The Detail and the album Thunderer & Excelsior were released on the same day in August 2008, launched at an instore performance as part of the Rough Trade East record shop 1st Year anniversary. Devil In the Detail convincingly won a BBC 6Music Roundtable vote against The Streets and Katy Perry, and the station selected the album as Album Of The Day on 12 August. Positive reviews appeared in publications such as "The Word", "Q", "Artrocker" and "Clash", who included a track on a covermounted CD with their Sept 2008 issue. Steve Lamacq championed the band, stating that they should’ve been nominated for that year’s Mercury Music Prize. 
Following the release of the album, Silvery played a series of one off shows, most notably British Sea Power's Sing Ye From The Hillside festival at the legendary Tan Hill Inn, Yorkshire. The third single Action Force was made Lamacq's Single Of The Week on his BBC 6Music show and featured on Chris Evans' BBC Radio 2 Drivetime Juke Box Jury on 21 October 2008. 
The band ended 2008 with a one off Christmas single, a cover of You Give A Little Love (by Paul Williams (songwriter) from the musical Bugsy Malone) voted Steve Lamacq's Rebel Playlist winner on his BBC 6Music show. and healthy showings of Thunderer & Excelsior in the Artrocker and Organ Top albums of 2008 lists.
The Nishikado EP was released in May 2009 (featuring a new mix of a track already picked up by several album reviews as the stand out) which went as high as number 11 on the Dutch free40 chart. 
In July 2010 the band emerged with a live BBC 6Music radio session to promote their second album Railway Architecture, a track from which appeared on that month's Artrocker magazine 'The Sounds Of The Summer' covermounted CD'. The band contributed an exclusive cover version of a song by Cardiacs to a tribute album for Cardiacs mainman Tim Smith who had suffered a stroke in 2008. Spell With A Shell featured alongside tracks by XTC, Ultrasound (band), The Magic Numbers, and Oceansize. Eighth single Two Halves Of The Same Boy released on Valentine's Day 2011 was playlisted on BBC 6Music for 5 weeks at the start of the year as the band made a return to London's Koko venue for Club NME.
After a download only Christmas single Christmas Is Easy / Christ On a Bike in December 2012, the band released their third album Etiquette as a free download via their website
Influences.
While most reviews suggest a mix of Blur, Sparks and Kaiser Chiefs, Silvery themselves have often cited a wider range of interests. An interview on BBC Radio 1 on 4 August 2008 suggested that musically, the cult British band Cardiacs are an influence, as are Swindon's XTC, the more Glam Rock moments of Queen and David Bowie, as much as the Victorian science fiction of H.G. Wells, and magazines such as "Fortean Times" and a childhood obsession with extinct diesel locomotives. Indeed, within the packaging of both of their albums, a bibliography lists a selection of books for further reading for interested listeners, a unique gesture in rock music.
Discography.
SINGLES.
Horrors / Orders
1. Horrors
2. Orders (edit) 
Devil In The Detail
1. Devil In The Detail (edit)
2. The Squadron Leader
Action Force / The Nod
1. Action Force
2. The Nod 
You Give A Little Love
1. You Give A Little Love (from the musical Bugsy Malone)
The Nishikado EP
1. The Nishikado (Rebuilt In 2009)
2. Identity
3. Murder Holes
4. The Public Purse
The Naked & The Dead
1. The Naked & The Dead
A Deconstruction Of Roles
1. A Deconstruction Of Roles
Two Halves Of The Same Boy
1. Two Halves Of The Same Boy
Christmas Is Easy / Christ On A Bike
1. Christmas Is Easy
2. Christ On A Bike
ALBUMS.
Thunderer & Excelsior
1. Horrors
2. Devil in the Detail
3. Action Force
4. Penny Dreadful
5. Warship Class
6. Star of the Sea
7. Revolving Sleepy Signs
8. Orders
9. 1994
10. Nishikado
11. Ghosts
12. Foreign Exchange and the Drilling Machine
13. That Which Is / That Which Is Not
14. Animals Are Vanishing (or, Martian Invasion 1853)
Railway Architecture
1. A Deconstruction Of Roles
2. Identity
3. Two Halves Of The Same Boy
4. The Naked & The Dead
5. Will Self (or, 'The Man Who Wasn't There')
6. The Quaire Fellow
7. The Nod
8. Sparks & Fire
9. Ropes & Sails
10. An Account Of The Raising Of A Spirit
11. The 'In Insects' Jerk
12. The Murder Holes Are About You
13. You Give A Little Love
14. Hook Woods
Etiquette
1. The Ronald Opus
2. You Answered Your Own Question
3. Aokigahara Jive
4. Adventure Band
5. Charge Of The Light Brigade
6. The Round Tail
7. Triforium & Roof
8. Gang Show
9. Thunderer & Excelsior
10. Simple Harmonic Motion
11. The Resurrection Of The Dead Ships
12. Shimmy Shimmy
13. Light Engines
14. Life & Non-Life
Radio Sessions.
BBC Radio 1 : Steve Lamacq's In New Music We Trust
4 August 2008, Maida Vale Studios 4
1. Horrors
2. Action Force
3. The Nishikado (available as a download on the BBC website)
BBC 6Music : Marc Riley
25 September 2008, BBC Manchester Studio 2
1. Foreign Exchange & The Drilling Machine
2. Devil In The Detail
3. Action Force
BBC 6Music : Marc Riley
12 July 2010, BBC Manchester Studio 2
1. The 'In Insects' Jerk
2. The Naked & The Dead
3. Identity
4. Two Halves Of The Same Boy (broadcast on the Gideon Coe show)

</doc>
<doc id="19933267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933267" title="Lisbeth Berg-Hansen">
Lisbeth Berg-Hansen

Lisbeth Berg-Hansen (born 14 March 1963) is a Norwegian businessperson and politician for the Labour Party.
She chaired the Norwegian Seafood Federation from 2002 to 2005, and was Vice President of the Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise from 2004 to 2008. In politics, she was a political advisor in the Ministry of Fisheries from 1992 to 1996, and State Secretary in the Office of the Prime Minister from 2000 to 2001. On 20 October 2009, she was appointed Minister of Fisheries and Coastal Affairs.
She is the deputy chair of the board of the Norwegian Institute of Marine Research, and a member of the board of Aker Seafoods, Fosen Trafikklag, Investinor (formerly known as Statens Investeringsselskap), SOS-barnebyer and Bodø University College.
She lives in Bindal.
Conflict of interest.
Berg-Hansen owns an 8% stake in SinkabergHansen AS, one of Norway's salmon farms, through Jmj Invest AS.
NMF, a Norwegian environmental group, filled charges against Berg-Hansen in 2009 claiming that her own economic interests prompted her to violate the regulations she’s supposed to enforce.
A Nov 7 2013 France 2 documentary accuses Berg-Hansen of single-handedly relaxing the legal levels of toxins allowed in fish in Norway (she sits at the top of all the health advisory committees as well as all related research institutes (check min 42 of the video on ).

</doc>
<doc id="19933279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933279" title="Navaneetam">
Navaneetam

Navaneetam (pronounced navanītam, meaning "the eternal new one") is a rāgam in Carnatic music (musical scale of South Indian classical music). It is the 40th "Melakarta" rāgam (parent scale) in the 72 "melakarta" rāgam system of Carnatic music. It is called in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music.
Structure and Lakshana.
It is the 4th rāgam in the 7th "chakra Rishi". The mnemonic name is "Rishi-Bhu". The mnemonic phrase is "sa ra ga mi pa dhi ni". Its "" structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see "swaras" in Carnatic music for details on below notation and terms):
As it is a "melakarta" rāgam, by definition it is a "sampūrṇa" rāgam (has all seven notes in ascending and descending scale). It is the "prati madhyamam" equivalent of "Vanaspati", which is the 4th "melakarta" rāgam.
"Janya" rāgams.
"Navanītam" does not yet have a "janya" rāgam (derived scale) associated with it. See List of "janya" rāgams for full list of "janya" scales.
Compositions.
A few compositions set to "Navaneetam" scale are:
Related rāgams.
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
"Navaneetam's" notes when shifted using "Graha bhedam", yields no other "melakarta" rāgam, like all 6 rāgams in the "Rishi chakra" ("Salagam, Jalarnavam, Jhalavarali, Pavani" and "Raghupriya" being the other 5). Only these rāgams have a gap of 3 notes anywhere in their scale, between G1 to M2. Such a gap does not occur in any other "melakarta" by definition. "Graha bhedam" is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the "shadjam" to the next note in the rāgam.

</doc>
<doc id="19933281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933281" title="Regional Bond Dealers Association">
Regional Bond Dealers Association

The Regional Bond Dealers Association (RBDA) is the predominant U.S. trade association focused on representing regional and middle-market securities firms active in the fixed income markets. The RBDA is headquartered in Washington, DC, USA.
Formation.
The RBDA was formed in March 2008 by 14 firms. The RBDA's stated mission is to "work to advocate public policies and market practices aimed at improving the market environment" and to "provide a forum for its members to discuss and debate issues of common interest."
Leadership and Members.
The RBDA is led by a 15-member board of directors. As of October 2008, board members include:
Executive staff of the RBDA includes Chief Executive Officer Mike Nicholas.
In addition to firms represented on the board of directors, membership in the RBDA includes Coastal Securities, Inc., Comerica Securities, D.A. Davidson and Co., FTN Financial, Oppenheimer & Co. and Raymond James & Associates. Associate members include Broadridge Financial, MarketAxess and TheMuniCenter.

</doc>
<doc id="19933297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933297" title="Ingrid van Biezen">
Ingrid van Biezen

Ingrid van Biezen (born 1969) is Professor of Comparative Politics at Leiden University. From 2000 to 2009 she was based in the Department of Political Science and International Studies at the University of Birmingham. She studied for her PhD at Leiden. Her research interests include comparative European politics, political parties and party systems in Europe, democratisation, Southern Europe, and post-communist politics. She is the author of "Political Parties in New Democracies: Party Organization in Southern and East-Central Europe" (Palgrave Macmillan, 2003).
Ingrid van Biezen is currently directing a large comparative research project (Re-conceptualizing democracy) on political parties and democracy through a focus on party law. The project is funded by the European Research Council.

</doc>
<doc id="19933308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933308" title="Ferne House">
Ferne House

Ferne House is a country house in the parish of Donhead St Andrew in Wiltshire, England. There has been a settlement on the site since 1225 AD. The current house, known as Ferne Park and the third to occupy the site, was designed by architect Quinlan Terry in 2001. The estate grounds straddle both Donhead St Andrew and Berwick St John parishes. 
Mesolithic, Neolithic and Bronze Age artefacts were found in the vicinity of the house during 1988 archaeological fieldwork.
First house.
The first Ferne House was the manor house of the de Ferne family: Philip de Ferne is recorded as living there in 1225. From the Ferne family, it passed to the Brookway family, and in 1561 to William Grove of Shaftesbury. By 1809 the house had become so dilapidated that it was demolished.
Second house.
The second Ferne House was built by Thomas Grove, "on an enlarged scale in the year 1811 on the site of the old structure … in an elevated situation, commanding a pleasing view of the surrounding country". An 1850 photograph of this house is reproduced in "The Grove Diaries".
This house was remodelled some time after 1850 and assumed a square ground-plan. In 1902 the house passed out of the ownership of the Grove family, when it was sold to A. H. Charlesworth, who further enlarged it the following year. 
The house was bought in 1914 by Alfred Douglas-Hamilton, 13th Duke of Hamilton, who also bought nearby Ashcombe House at around the same time. During World War II the house was used as an animal sanctuary by his wife Nina, co-founder in 1906 of the Animal Defence and Anti-Vivisection Society with Lizzy Lind af Hageby. She used the sanctuary to enable well-off London families to evacuate their pets to safety. The house remained in the Hamilton family’s possession until the estate was bequeathed by the Duchess to the Animal Defence and Anti-Vivisection Society, for the purpose of maintaining the sanctuary. Nikolaus Pevsner described the house in his 1963 edition of "Wiltshire" in "The Buildings of England" series (incorrectly ascribed by him to the parish of Berwick St John).
A clause in the Duchess's will stated that it should remain as an animal sanctuary in perpetuity, but the restrictions she laid down were so stringent, according to "The Observer", that the house was unsaleable, and as a result it was demolished in 1965. The animal sanctuary moved to Chard, in Somerset, where it still operates; in 1985 the Animal Defence Trust still owned the property, including the still-standing stable block and lodges. 
In 1991, the Ferne Estate was sold at an auction for £1,040,000. The buyer was Francis Dineley, a.k.a (when writing) as John Goodyere, whose grandmother was a member of the Alexander Discount Banking family, and whose father, from his own pocket, armed the local Home Guard during World War II, and was a Director of the company known as Bapty & co. which supplied the guns used in such productions as the James Bond films.
Only the gate piers to the park of this second incarnation of Ferne House remain: they are Grade II listed structures.
Third house.
Sometime after 1991 the estate passed into the ownership of the 4th Viscount Rothermere and his wife. According to Private Eye, despite residing here, the 4th Viscount Rothermere claims to domicile in France for tax avoidance. 
In 2001 the third and present Ferne House (known as Ferne Park) was built to the design of the architect Quinlan Terry, in Palladian style and at a reported cost of £40m. The house won the award for Best Modern Classical House from the Georgian Group in 2003, and in 2006 permission was sought to build two additional wings. The house was featured in the November 2006 edition of "Vanity Fair". 
A summerhouse in the grounds, called the New Pavilion and also designed by Quinlan Terry, won the 2008 Georgian Group award for a New Building in the Classical Tradition. Terry is also known for the large plot of buildings in the 18th-century style by the Thames at Richmond.

</doc>
<doc id="19933317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933317" title="Maja e Ragamit">
Maja e Ragamit

Maja e Ragamit a mountain with a height reaching 2,472m is located in the Prokletije in Albania. Maja e Ragimit is east of Maja Jezercë at 2,694m high which is the highest of the range and the Dinaric Alps.

</doc>
<doc id="19933327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933327" title="Raghupriya">
Raghupriya

Raghupriya (meaning "The one dear to Raghu") is a rāgam in Carnatic music (musical scale of South Indian classical music). It is the 42nd "melakarta" rāgam (parent scale) in the 72 "melakarta" rāgam system of Carnatic music. It is called Ravikriya in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music.
Structure and Lakshana.
It is the 6th rāgam in the 7th "chakra Rishi". The mnemonic name is "Rishi-Sha". The mnemonic phrase is "sa ra ga mi pa dhu nu". Its "" structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see "swaras" in Carnatic music for details on below notation and terms):
As it is a "melakarta" rāgam, by definition it is a "sampoorna" rāgam (has all seven notes in ascending and descending scale). It is the "prati madhyamam" equivalent of "Tanaroopi", which is the 6th "melakarta" scale.
"Janya" rāgams.
"Raghupriya" has a few minor "janya" rāgams (derived scales) associated with it. See List of "janya" Rāgams for full list of scales associated with "Raghupriya".
Compositions.
A few compositions set to the scale "Raghupriya" are:
Related rāgams.
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
"Raghupriya's" notes when shifted using "Graha bhedam", yields no other "melakarta" rāgam, like all 6 rāgams in the "Rishi chakra" ("Salagam, Jalarnavam, Jhalavarali, Navaneetam" and "Pavani" being the other 5). Only these rāgams have a gap of 3 notes anywhere in their scale, between G1 to M2. Such a gap does not occur in any other "melakarta" by definition. "Graha bhedam" is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the "shadjam" to the next note in the rāgam.

</doc>
<doc id="19933354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933354" title="John Greenwood (cricketer, born 1800)">
John Greenwood (cricketer, born 1800)

John Greenwood (July 24, 1800, Tunbridge Wells – February 12, 1871, Pimlico) was an English lawyer and cricketer, who played cricket for Cambridge University. 
John Greenwood was educated at Eton and Jesus College, Cambridge. He made two first-class appearances for the university cricket team between 1820 and 1821, scoring just two runs in three innings, including two ducks. Gaining a BA as 13th Wrangler in 1822, he became a Fellow of Jesus and was called to the Bar from Lincoln's Inn in 1828. He later entered the Middle Temple, where he became a Bencher. He was Assistant Solicitor to the Treasury from 1851 to 1866, and Solicitor to the Treasury from 1866 until his death.
Greenwood's sons, Granville and Charles both played first-class cricket.

</doc>
<doc id="19933357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933357" title="John Greenwood (cricketer, born 1851)">
John Greenwood (cricketer, born 1851)

John Greenwood (March 10, 1851 — August 31, 1935) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Surrey. He was born in Epsom and died in Lewes.
Greenwood made three first-class appearances during June 1874, the first notable action of his career being to catch Gloucestershire's WG Grace. He played two further first-class matches, making a top score of 8 runs.
Greenwood retained an upper-order position for the final two matches of his career, despite making a top score of just 8 runs in five innings.

</doc>
<doc id="19933363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933363" title="The Grand Olympics">
The Grand Olympics

The Grand Olympics () is a 1961 Italian documentary film, directed by Romolo Marcellini, made in 1961. It was nominated as Best Documentary Feature at 34th Academy Awards in 1961.
Plot.
142 minutes of the film speak of events and athletes that have characterized the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome. From the absolute protagonist Wilma Rudolph, called "the black gazelle", to Livio Berruti, the first "white" to win the 200 meters, to the deeds of Ethiopian marathon runner Abebe Bikila, who won the marathon racing barefoot.

</doc>
<doc id="19933365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933365" title="Long Island Aquarium and Exhibition Center">
Long Island Aquarium and Exhibition Center

Long Island Aquarium and Exhibition Center (formerly Atlantis Marine World) is an aquarium which opened in 2000 on Long Island in Riverhead, New York, United States.
One of its biggest attractions is a coral reef display tank, which is one of the largest all-living coral displays in the Western Hemisphere.
History.
Construction on the Aquarium began in 1999, and it opened on June 15, 2000. The Town of Riverhead bought the land in 1995 with the hopes the Okeanos Foundation of Hampton Bays, New York would operate it as part of a rehabilitation project of the Peconic waterfront. However, Okeanos was unable to raise funds. Space has been given in the Aquarium to the Riverhead Foundation for Marine Research and Preservation.
The Aquarium's original cost of $15 million was provided by developers James J. Bissett and Joseph M. Petrocelli. Bissett's family owns the Bissett Nursery in Holtsville, New York. Petrocelli's family owns Petrocelli Construction based in Ronkonkoma, New York, as well as Raphael Vineyard.
On July 1, 2011, it changed its name to Long Island Aquarium and Exhibition Center after undergoing a $24 million expansion including a brand-new Exhibition Center, a Sea Star Grand Ballroom (which joined its successful catering component, Atlantis Banquets & Events), as well as construction of a 100-room waterfront Hyatt Place Hotel. The Aquarium also owns and operates a 120-slip marina called Treasure Cove Resort Marina. The Aquarium was featured in the 5th season of The Apprentice.
Exhibits.
Indoor exhibits include Amazon Aviary (parrots), Amazon Rainforest, Best Buddies (clownfish & anemone), Coral Reef, Cuttlefish, Electric Eel, Flounder Find, Form & Function, Giant Pacific Octopus, Jellyfish, Lake Malawi Cichlids, Local Rocky Shores, Lost City of Atlantis Shark Exhibit, Megalodon Display, Moray Eels, Ocean Creatures of the World/Crab Villa, Piranha, Poseidon's Treasure Room, Puffer Fish, Ray Bay, Sand Shark Lagoon, Schooling Fish, Seahorses, Shipwreck/Artificial Reef, Tidal Marsh, and a touch tank.
Outdoor exhibits include Ancient Reptile Ruins, Koi Pond, Interactive Salt Marsh, Lost Temple of Atlantis, Otter Falls (North American river otters), Penguin Pavilion, Ray Bay, Sea Lion Coliseum, Seals, and Shark Reef Lagoon.
Interactive displays include Discovery Tower, Interactive Salt Marsh, Nemo's Family Fun Center, Poseidon's Peak & Playground, Ray Bay, Sea Lion Kiss, Submarine Simulator, Unearthing Atlantis, and the touch tank.

</doc>
<doc id="19933381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933381" title="The Bloody Hands of the Law">
The Bloody Hands of the Law

The Bloody Hands of the Law () is a 1973 Italian crime film directed by Mario Gariazzo and starring Klaus Kinski.

</doc>
<doc id="19933387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933387" title="Jan Fridthjof Bernt">
Jan Fridthjof Bernt

Jan Fridthjof Bernt (born 6 July 1943) is a Norwegian professor of law and former rector (1996-1998) at the University of Bergen.
He graduated with the cand.jur. degree from the University of Oslo in 1968, with the Master of Comparative Law from the University of Michigan in 1971 and took the dr.juris degree at the University of Bergen in 1979. In 1980, he was appointed as professor of law at the University of Bergen. He was elected as rector of the university from 1996 to 1998.
He is the chairman of the Chr. Michelsen Institute and the Ludvig Holberg Memorial Fund, and a board member of Transparency International, Norway.
He is a former praeces of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters, and has been proclaimed Knight of the Order of St. Olav (2000) and Grand Knight of the Icelandic Order of the Falcon.

</doc>
<doc id="19933408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933408" title="Bloodsucking Cinema">
Bloodsucking Cinema

Bloodsucking Cinema is a 2008 documentary about vampire movies and it has horror directors talking about the genre. It is an Anchor Bay Entertainment film and it aired on Starz fear fest. It was released on September 23, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19933429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933429" title="3d Flying Training Squadron">
3d Flying Training Squadron

The 3d Flying Training Squadron (3 FTS) is part of the 71st Operations Group under the 71st Flying Training Wing. It operates the T-1A Jayhawk aircraft conducting advanced phase tanker/transport flight training.
The 3d FTS is the third-oldest squadron in the Air Force, with over 95 years of service to the nation, its origins date to the organization of the 3d Aero Squadron on 1 November 1916 at Fort Sam Houston, Texas. Deployed to the Philippines after World War I, during the 1941-1942 Battle of the Philippines, it was wiped out, with some of its personnel being forced by the Japanese to endure the Bataan Death March. It was not re-activated until 1973.
Mission.
To qualify warriors with the skills and attitude necessary to become the world's best combat airlift and tanker pilots.
History.
Origins.
The 3d Fighter Training Squadron dates to the organization of the 3d Aero Squadron on 1 November 1916 at Fort Sam Houston, Texas. Most of the officers and men of the Squadron were transferred from the Aviation School at Rockwell Field, San Diego, California, where, at the time, all Army aviators were trained. There, it replaced the 1st Aero Squadron, whose members were sent to Columbus Airfield, New Mexico as part of the Punitive expedition against Pancho Villa. There, the squadron may have operated some Curtiss JN-3s and possibly some Curtiss N-8s, preparing them to be sent south to Columbus.
In December 1916, Congress authorized the lease of a 700-acre tract of land seven miles south of San Antonio, Texas for a new airfield to accommodate the rapidly expanding Aviation Section of the Signal Corps. By March 1917, men from the 3d Aero Squadron were hard at work clearing the cotton plants from the land and laying foundations for hangars and mess halls at what would become Kelly Field. On 5 April 1917, one day before the United States entered World War I, four Curtiss JN-4 "Jennies" landed at the new field.
On 29 August 1917 the 3d Aero Squadron left Kelly Field for Fort Sill, Oklahoma with 12 Curtiss R4 airplanes under the command of a Captain Weir to establish a new training airfield. The squadron was assigned to Henry Post Field (named after 2nd Lt. Henry B. Post who was killed in a plane crash in California in 1914). It was re-designated as Squadron A, Henry Post Field, Oklahoma. on 22 July 1918. At Post Field, the 3d was most likely an observer training unit in support of the United States Army Field Artillery School. In September 1917, the 4th Aero Squadron was transferred to Post Field from Fort Sam Houston, as a second training squadron. The 3d was ordered to transfer 135 men to the 4th to bring the squadron up to its authorized strength. The 3d was redesignated as "Squadron A", with the 4th being redesignated as "Squadron B" in July 1918. Both squadrons were demobilized at the end of World War I on 2 January 1919.
Philippines Duty.
The unit was re-formed as a new unit, designated as the 3d Aero Squadron, on 13 May 1919 at Mitchel Field, New York. Many of the men were experienced mechanics and officers who had served either in France or at training units in the United States during World War I. After being organized, the squadron was transferred by train to San Francisco, California, where it boarded a ship bound for Manila, in the Philippine Islands, arriving on 18 August. The squadron was assigned to the Philippine Department, and was stationed initially at Camp Stotsenburg on Luzon. Some Dayton-Wright DH-4s, which were used as trainers during the war in the United States, arrived later in 1919 and were assigned to the squadron.
On 10 March 1920, along with the 2d Aero Squadron, which had arrived in December 1919, the squadrons were organized into the 1st Group (Observation). On 14 March 1921, the squadron was re-designated as the 3d Squadron (Pursuit), its mission was to provide coastal aerial defense as part of the 4th Composite Group, a re-designation of the 1st Group. In 1924, the squadron was formally consolidated with its World War I predecessor organization, giving it a history dating to 1 November 1916.
Exercises and maneuvers with Army ground forces and Naval forces were a regular and important part of its mission. In the Philippines, the squadron received a wide variety of second-line hand-me-down aircraft transferred from units in the United States during the austere years of Air Corps procurement during the 1920s and 1930s
As a result of the rising tensions with the Japanese Empire in 1940, the defenses of the Philippines were judged to be abysmal, and a reinforcement effort was made to defend the islands against any Japanese aggression. The 3d had received P-26 Peashooters in 1937, the latest in the line of second-line aircraft. These obsolete aircraft were replaced in early 1941 with impressed export versions of the Seversky P-35 being designated EP-106 by the company that were manufactured for the Swedish Air Force. On 24 October 1940, President Franklin Roosevelt signed an executive order requisitioning all the undelivered EP-106 aircraft and impressing them into the USAAC. These were designated P-35A by the Army, and 40 planes were sent to the Philippines during 1941 to bolster the islands' defenses. The P-35As were replaced by Curtiss P-40 Warhawks in late 1941. On 1 September 1941, the squadron was moved to the new Iba Airfield, in an effort to disperse the fighter strength of the 4th Composite Group. On 1 November, it was assigned to the new 24th Pursuit Group in a reorganization of the Far East Air Force assets in the Philippines.
World War II.
The first word of the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor was received by commercial radio between 0300–0330 hours local on 8 December 1941 in the Philippines. Within 30 minutes radar at Iba Field, Luzon plotted a formation of airplanes 75-miles (120-km) offshore, heading for Corregidor Island. P-40's from the squadron were sent out to intercept but made no contact. By 1130 hours, the fighters sent into the air earlier landed for refueling, and
radar disclosed another flight of Japanese aircraft 70-miles (112-km) West of Lingayen Gulf, headed south. Fighters from the 3d made another fruitless search over the South China Sea. The P-40's sent on patrol over the South China Sea returned to Iba with fuel running low at the beginning of a Japanese attack on the airfield. The P-40's failed to prevent the bombing but did manage to prevent the Japanese Zeros from a low-level strafe of the airfield and its ground support facilities. Zero low-level strafing had proved extremely destructive at Clark Field earlier that day. The RADAR facilities at Iba, however, were destroyed in the attack.
The P-40s that survived the initial Japanese attack were able to meet the Zeros on near equal terms, but the P-40 lacked the maneuverability of the lighter Japanese plane. On 9 December, the 3d Pursuit Squadron was ordered to move to Nichols Field, to provide air defense of the Manila area. Bad weather delayed additional attacks until 10 December However, without any early warning Radar, the squadron received only a few minutes notice of a second major Japanese air attack focused on Nichols Field and the Naval facilities at Cavite. The remaining pilots prepared to meet the enemy formations. However, the standing patrols being flown had left those planes in the air low on fuel. The planes on alert took off to attempt interception however before they could reach the altitude of the attacking Japanese bombers, they were swarmed on by Zeros. Combats broke out across the sky and although outnumbered nearly three to one, the 3d Pursuit pilots did well, downing more Japanese aircraft than they lost. However as they ran out of fuel, they had to break off and land wherever they could find a field. By the end of the day, the strength of the entire 24th Pursuit Group consisted of twenty-two P-40s and eight P-35s.
With no supplies or replacements available from the United States, ground crews, with little or no spares for repairing aircraft, used parts which were cannibalized from wrecks. Essentials, such as oil, was reused, with used oil being strained though makeshift filters, and tailwheel tires were stuffed with rags to keep them usable. The aircraft which were flying and engaging the Japanese seemed to have more bullethole patches on the fuselage than original skin. On 12 December, Nichols Field was abandoned and the squadron operated from at temporary fields in northern Bataan, and later withdrawn on 8 January to "Bataan Field," located several miles from the southern tip of the peninsula. 
Bataan field consisted of a dirt runway, hacked out of the jungle by Army engineers in early 1941 and lengthened after the FEAF was ordered into Bataan. However, it was well camouflaged. It was attacked and strafed daily by the Japanese, however no aircraft were lost on the ground as a result of the attacks. Bataan Field was kept in operation for several months during the Battle of Bataan. The remaining pilots continued operations with the few planes that were left, cannibalizing aircraft wreckage to keep a few planes airborne in the early months of 1942. Many squadron members, unneeded to support the limited number of airplanes fought as infantry.
With the surrender of the United States Army on Bataan, Philippines on 8 April 1942, the remainder of the 24th Pursuit Group withdrew to Mindanao Island and began operating from Del Monte Airfield with whatever aircraft were remaining. Those remaining on Luzon that surrendered to the Japanese were subjected to the Bataan Death March.
The last of the group's aircraft were captured or destroyed by enemy forces on or about 1 May 1942. With the collapse of organized United States resistance in the Philippines on 8 May 1942, a few surviving members of the 3d Pursuit Squadron managed to escape from Mindanao to Australia where they were integrated into existing units.
The unit was never remanned or equipped during the war. It was carried as an active unit 2 April 1946.
Southeast Asia.
As a result of the successes of the A-7D Corsair II-equipped 354th Tactical Fighter Wing (Deployed) at Korat Royal Thai AFB, Thailand in the closing days of the Vietnam War, Headquarters, Pacific Air Forces requested the activation of a permanent A-7D squadron in Thailand. The Air Force, in turn, re-activated the 3d as the 3d Tactical Fighter Squadron at Korat on 15 March 1973, and the 354th transferred a squadron of its A-7Ds to the squadron, along with volunteer airmen who joined the host 388th Tactical Fighter Wing.
3d TFS aircraft engaged in combat operations over Cambodia and Laos during the spring and summer of 1973, supporting friendly western governments in those nations against Communist aggression. A Congressional resolution mandated the end of United States combat over Indochina, effective 15 August 1973, and the 3d TFS flew its last combat mission that date over Cambodia. 
With the end of active combat in Indochina, in March 1974, the 354th TFW transferred several more aircraft to the 3d TFS prior to its return to Myrtle Beach AFB. Squadron aircraft practiced bombing and intercept missions in western Thailand. A large exercise was held on the first Monday of every month, involving all USAF units in Thailand. "Commando Scrimmage" covered skills such as dog fighting, aerial refueling, airborne command posts and forward air controllers. These exercises were taken very seriously. The A-7D aircraft were pitted against the F-4 Phantom II aircraft in dissimilar air combat exercises. These missions were flown as a deterrent to the Communists in Vietnam as a signal that if the Paris Peace Accords were broken, the United States would use its airpower to enforce its provisions. The wars in Cambodia and Laos, however continued, and in the spring of 1975, Communist regimes took power in both of those nations.
3d TFS A-7Ds along with other Thailand-based USAF aircraft provided air cover and escort during Operation Eagle Pull, the evacuation of Americans from Phnom Penh, Cambodia, and Operation Frequent Wind the evacuation of Americans and selected Vietnamese from Saigon, South Vietnam. On 14–15 May 1975, aircraft assigned to Korat (3d TFS A-7D, 34th TFS F-4E, 428th TFS F-111A and 16th SOS AC-130) provided air cover in what is considered the last battle of the Vietnam war, the recovery of the SS Mayaguez after it was hijacked by the Cambodian Khmer Rouge communists.
3d Tactical Fighter Wing.
The USAF presence at Korat RTAFB ended in 1975, and on 15 December, the 3d TFS was transferred to Clark Air Base, Philippines, replacing the 68th Tactical Fighter Squadron, which had been inactivated earlier. It was the first time the squadron had been assigned to the Philippines since the surrender of American forces on the islands in April 1942.
Upon its arrival at Clark, the A-7Ds were flown back to the United States to be transferred to the National Guard Bureau where they were reassigned to several Air National Guard squadrons. The 3d was re-equipped with F-4E Phantom IIs that were transferred from other Thailand-based squadrons which were headed back to the United States. Throughout the late 1970s and the 1980s, the squadron deployed throughout the Pacific on exercises and supported the training requirements of other units.
Cope Thunder.
The Mount Pinatubo eruption forced the 3d TFW's hasty relocation to Elmendorf AFB, Alaska on 19 December 1991. The F-4Es of the 3d TFS, however were retired and the squadron was transferred to Eielson AFB, Alaska without personnel or equipment, where it became part of the 343d Wing. It was re-designated as the 3d Fighter Training Squadron, and its mission became the administration of the COPE THUNDER arctic training program. It was equipped with UH-1N Huey helicopters for range support. It was inactivated in place on 20 August 1993 when the 354th Fighter Wing was moved to Eielson from the inactivated Myrtle Beach AFB, the personnel and equipment of the 3d being re-designated as the 353d Fighter Training Squadron. Ironically, it was the 363d Tactical Fighter Squadron, deployed to Korat RTAFB, that transferred its A-7D Corsair IIs to the re-activated 3d Tactical Fighter Squadron in March 1973 after decades of inactivation.
Air Education and Training Command.
The 3d Flying Training Squadron was reactivated on 1 April 1994 at Lackland AFB, Texas. It was equipped with the Slingsby T-3A Firefly with a mission to conduct AETC's Enhanced Flight Screening Program. On 2 April 2001, it was transferred to Moody AFB, Georgia where it became a T-6 Texan II primary flying training squadron as part of the 479th Flying Training Group. As a result of BRAC 2005, the 479th FTG was inactivated on 21 July 2007. Its aircraft and equipment were redistributed to other AETC units.
The 3rd was moved to Vance AFB, Oklahoma later in 2007 to provide IFF (Introduction to Fighter Fundamentals) training to fighter graduate students. The 3rd lost its IFF mission due to a lack of a relevancy in 2011. It was reassigned to provide Advanced Phase Training in the T-1A Jayhawk, training future combat airlift and tanker pilots for the USAF.

</doc>
<doc id="19933443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933443" title="Milk Cow Blues">
Milk Cow Blues

Milk Cow Blues is an album from American country singer Willie Nelson, released on September 19, 2000 on the Island Records label. It features many famous blues artists, including B. B. King and Dr. John.

</doc>
<doc id="19933451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933451" title="Gavin Cowan (rugby league)">
Gavin Cowan (rugby league)

Gavin Cowan (born 18 January 1987 in Australia) is a rugby league player contracted to the Wests Tigers in Australia. He plays as a centre or at full-back.
Cowan is a Scotland international player. He was named in the Scotland squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19933464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933464" title="2008 Yemen cyclone">
2008 Yemen cyclone

Deep Depression ARB 02 (IMD designation: ARB 02, JTWC designation: 03A, also known as the 2008 Yemen cyclone) was the sixth tropical cyclone of the 2008 North Indian Ocean cyclone season, and the second tropical cyclone in the Arabian Sea that year. A weak tropical cyclone, it caused extensive damage in Yemen, and minor damage in Oman and Somalia.
Meteorological history.
On October 19 the India Meteorological Department noted that an area of low pressure which located to the south east of Salalah, Oman had intensified into a tropical depression and was assigned the number ARB 02. On October 21 IMD updated the system to a Deep Depression while it lay 700 km south of Salalah, Oman, near the east coast of Somalia. It lost its strength while crossing the Gulf of Aden due to entry of dry air and land interaction as it passed close to the northeastern coast of Somalia. It later was downgraded to a Depression, named TC 03A by the JTWC. On October 24 it made landfall on the south-eastern coast of Yemen, and caused severe flooding, leaving about 180 dead.
Impact.
The flooding was preceded by several days of rain starting on October 23, as the remnants of a tropical cyclone moved over the area. Rain continued, with weather systems coming in from neighbouring Saudi Arabia and southern Somalia, resulting in severe flooding in some areas of Yemen.
Thousands of families fled Hadhramaut alone; many schools were used as evacuee shelters, but these could only accommodate 10% of the affected. According to search and rescue teams, the number of fatalities may increase due to the likelihood of people trapped in flooded houses. Electricity and telephone lines were disrupted, and many homes were damaged.
Survivors were seen signalling to rescue helicopters in Hadramout and Mahra, which had seen at least 30 hours of heavy rain. A Yemeni official was quoted as saying, "About 7,000 people have been made homeless and there are about 100 dead or missing."
Along with fatalities, approximately 730 homes were destroyed, along with businesses and other infrastructure projects. The severe thunder of the preceding thunderstorms resulted in at least nine deaths from lightning in the Al Mahrah, Ta'izz and Lahij governorates. The rain also destroyed large amounts of farmland and killed large numbers of livestock.
Aftermath.
The Yemeni government promised to supply tents as a means of emergency shelter, along with other emergency supplies, with six transport aircraft loaded with supplies taking off from Sanaa on Saturday and more scheduled for later. President Ali Abdullah Saleh ordered the creation of a committee to provide aid to affected civilians. Also, the United Arab Emirates declared their intent to provide relief. However, several residents in the city of Shibam say that government assistance and support, if any, is low.
The Organisation of the Islamic Conference declared the situation a "national catastrophe" and started a drive to collect funds for the relief of flood victims.
Yemeni president Ali Abdullah Saleh said, "The damages... are great and the catastrophe is also great."

</doc>
<doc id="19933471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933471" title="Valentine Simpson">
Valentine Simpson

Valentine Simpson (15 August 1849 at Newington, London — 2 November 1915 at Fareham, Hampshire) was an English cricketer who played for Hampshire.
Simpson made a single first-class appearance in 1885. He scored seven runs in the first innings in which he batted and three runs in the second. Simpson took two catches during the match.

</doc>
<doc id="19933477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933477" title="Torkjell Berulfsen">
Torkjell Berulfsen

Torkjell Berulfsen (born 20 January 1943) is a Norwegian television personality.
He took his education at the University of Oslo, graduating in the English language. He worked at the University College of London from 1967 to 1968, and was later an editor for a Norwegian-English dictionary. He started working for the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation in 1971, and has presented many television and radio shows. He won Gullruten awards in 2002 and 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19933482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933482" title="Netreba">
Netreba

Netreba was a village in Wołyń Voivodeship (1921–1939), in Sarny county, gmina Kisorycze, Poland, destroyed by the UPA in July 1943. Many of its residents converted to Roman Catholicism before the onset of the Nazi German and Soviet invasion of Poland in 1939, which contributed to the 1943 murderous raid by the Ukrainian death squads. The few surviving Netreba refugees built dugouts in the forest where they saved themselves. 
The solitary church still standing at the end of the war, was dismantled soon after by the Soviet authorities and the materials used in the construction of pig-stalls in nearby kolhozs (government-run farms).
At present, Netreba is an open field in Rivne Oblast of Ukraine.

</doc>
<doc id="19933483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933483" title="Death Smiles at a Murderer">
Death Smiles at a Murderer

Death Smiles at a Murderer () is a 1973 Italian horror film directed by Joe D'Amato, starring Klaus Kinski and Ewa Aulin.
Plot.
A rich couple take in a young girl who was in an accident and has amnesia, and both have an affair with her. Meanwhile, Dr. Sturges (Klaus Kinski) uses an ancient Incan formula to raise the dead for his own series of revenge murders.

</doc>
<doc id="19933490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933490" title="Immigrants (2008 film)">
Immigrants (2008 film)

Immigrants, also known as L.A. Dolce Vita or Immigrants: L.A. Dolce Vita (Hungarian title: "Immigrants - Jóska menni Amerika") is a Hungarian-American animated film directed by Gábor Csupó. The Hungarian release date was October 30, 2008. It is the 5th and last feature length film from studio Klasky-Csupo, and is Csupó's first feature length animated film he directed, and his second in general, following "Bridge to Terabithia", for Walt Disney Pictures.
The characters and storyline in this motion picture was to have been the basis for a new animated series for Spike TV, which was to have debuted in August 2004; however, despite scheduling a two-hour marathon of the series on its premiere and an order of six episodes, the series never aired. It was later compiled into a film and released in October 2008 in Hungary.
For home video, the film was released on Region 1 DVD in 2009 by Echo Bridge Home Entertainment.
Plot.
Joska, a Hungarian immigrant in Los Angeles, is sharing an apartment with the Russian Vladislav. In their search for the "American Dream" they get into all kinds of troubles, wild adventures and comical situations. What saves them is their big hearts and loyalty to each other in this unlikely friendship in a foreign country.

</doc>
<doc id="19933491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933491" title="Jackson Todd">
Jackson Todd

Jackson A. Todd (born November 20, 1951 in Tulsa, Oklahoma) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the New York Mets and Toronto Blue Jays from 1977 to 1981. He was originally drafted by the Chicago Cubs in the 11th round of the 1970 amateur draft out of high school, but did not sign with the team. Todd opted instead to attend college, and played college baseball at the University of Oklahoma.
College career.
During his time as a member of the Oklahoma Sooners baseball team, a member of the now defunct Big Eight Conference, he was named to the All-Conference second team in 1971, and the All-Conference first team in 1972 and 1973. In 1972 and 1973, Todd was also a third team All-American. Todd pitched 13 complete games during the 1973 season, a university record which still stands today. During the 1972 College World Series, Todd pitched 14 innings in two games without allowing an earned run. After three seasons at Oklahoma, Todd was selected in the second round with the 38th pick of the 1973 Major League Baseball draft by the New York Mets, and decided to forego his senior season and sign with the Mets.
Professional career.
Todd began his minor league career as a member of the Memphis Blues of the Texas League. During the 1973 season, Todd has a 2.84 ERA and a 6–5 record over 14 games. He played for Victoria and Jackson of the Texas League the following two seasons. With the Victoria Toros in 1974, he went 11–8 with a 3.23 ERA, and with the Jackson Mets in 1975 he went 3–4 with a 3.17 ERA. In 1976, Todd played for the Tidewater Tides of the International League and pitched in 26 games, going 13–9 with a 2.91 ERA. He played part of the 1977 season in Tidewater, and made his major league debut on May 5, 1977. He made his debut against the Los Angeles Dodgers, pitching an inning of relief for Tom Seaver and allowing one hit and no runs. He finished the season having pitched in 19 games and starting 10 of them, winning three and losing six. On March 27, 1978, Todd was traded to the Philadelphia Phillies for Ed Cuervo, and spent the season playing for the minor league Oklahoma City 89ers, where he pitched in 16 games. He was released by the Phillies at the start of the 1979 season, and signed on with the Toronto Blue Jays shortly afterward. During the 1979 season, he played 12 games for the Blue Jays and started one, earning a 5.85 ERA. He started 12 games during the 1980 Toronto Blue Jays season, and played in 21 more during the 1981 Toronto Blue Jays season. Despite a career-best 3.96 ERA in 1981, he was demoted to the Syracuse Chiefs, the Blue Jays' minor league team, where he spent the 1982 season. He played minor league baseball in 1983 and 1985, but did not see any more major league action.

</doc>
<doc id="19933497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933497" title="Infusion Therapy">
Infusion Therapy

In medicine, infusion therapy deals with all aspects of fluid and medication infusion, usually via the intravenous route. A special infusion pump can be used for this purpose.
Treatments.
Infusion therapy involves the administration of medication through a needle or catheter. It is prescribed when a patient’s condition cannot be treated effectively by oral medications. Typically, “infusion therapy” means that a drug is administered intravenously, but the term also may refer to situations where drugs are provided through other non-oral routes, such as intramuscular injections and epidural routes (into the membranes surrounding the spinal cord).
Until the 1980s, patients receiving infusion therapy had to remain in an inpatient setting for the duration of their therapy. Heightened emphasis on cost-containment in health care, as well as developments in the clinical administration of the therapy, led to strategies to administer infusion therapy in alternate settings. For individuals requiring long-term therapy, inpatient care is not only expensive but also prevents the individual from resuming normal lifestyle and work activities.

</doc>
<doc id="19933509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933509" title="Danny Mitchley">
Danny Mitchley

Daniel "Danny" Mitchley (born 7 October 1989) is an English footballer who plays as a forward for Kendal Town.
Career.
From youth team to first team at Blackpool.
Born in Liverpool, Mitchley played at Skelmersdale United until he was 15 years old. He then spent one season with the Oldham Athletic Centre of Excellence, followed by a short spell with Wigan Athletic's Centre of Excellence, before joining Blackpool, where he became a regular starter for the youth team in the Football League Youth Alliance, North West Conference.
By December 2007 Mitchley had scored 25 goals in just twelve matches for Blackpool's youth and reserve teams, and despite only just having turned eighteen, Blackpool manager Simon Grayson stated that he was "not frightened of throwing him into the action if I need to." Mitchley had been training with the first-team squad and had already travelled with them when he was included in the squad that went to Scunthorpe United. Grayson also confirmed that Mitchley would be training with the first team over the Christmas period and that he was close to a first team call up. By February 2008, Mitchley had scored 35 goals for the youth and reserve team in the 2007–08 season. However, he then suffered a broken foot, which kept him out of action for the rest of the season.
On 4 March 2008 Mitchley was offered his first professional contract, together with youth-team captain, Ashton Bayliss. On 6 May he won two awards at the club's annual presentation night: the Blackpool Supporters Association Young Player of the Year, and the Chris Muir Memorial Trophy for Young Player.
He made his return from injury on 15 October 2008 in a reserve-team match at Burnley. He was then included in the Blackpool squad for the first time in the Championship home match against Derby County on 21 October 2008, but was an unused substitute as "the Seasiders" won 3–2. Four days later, he made his professional debut when he came on as a late second-half substitute in the 89th minute for Gary Taylor-Fletcher at Bloomfield Road in a 2–2 draw with Crystal Palace.
Mitchley started the 2009–10 season with Blackpool and was twice an unused substitute. Firstly in "the Seasiders" 2–1 Carling Cup victory over Crewe Alexandra at Gresty Road on 11 August 2009. Then again on 15 August in a 1–1 draw with Cardiff City at Bloomfield Road. Mitchley spent most spells of 2009 and 2010 on loan at various lower league clubs. He was released by Blackpool in June 2010.
Loan moves whilst at Blackpool.
On 27 March 2009, Mitchley signed for Conference North side Southport on loan for the rest of the 2008–09 season. He made his debut as a substitute the following day in "the Sandgrounders"' 3–2 win over Stafford Rangers at Haig Avenue. He made a total of seven league appearances for Southport.
On 18 August 2009 he was loaned out to Northern Premier League side Burscough, along with fellow Blackpool player Mark Halstead. He made his debut on 22 August in a 0–4 home defeat to King's Lynn at Victoria Park. After two more substitute appearances, Mitchley made his full debut on 15 September in a 0–1 home loss to Stocksbridge Park Steels.
On 25 March 2010, Mitchley joined Conference National side Wrexham on a one month loan deal. He made his debut two days later in a 3–0 win over Histon at the Racecourse Ground.
Non-league.
On 27 October 2010, Burscough announced that they have captured the signing of Mitchley. He had a trial with Mansfield Town prior to him re-joining Burscough. He began his second stint at Burscough with a 3–2 defeat against F.C. Halifax Town.
Mitchley signed for Mansfield Town in November 2010 and scored on his debut against Forest Green Rovers, however was on the losing side, going down 2–1. He was originally released by Mansfield in May 2011, with still a year left on his contract, however he returned in the pre-season. Mansfield boss Paul Cox stated that Mitchley did not feature in his plans for 2011–12.
He joined Nuneaton Town on loan, and after scoring twice on his debut in the FA Cup, he failed to score again in 18 league appearances. He signed for Altrincham in the summer of 2012. Having struggled to break into the first team at Altrincham with only a handful of first team appearances, he went out on a 1-month loan spell to Marine. After returning to Altrincham, he had a second loan spell, this time at Kendal Town, where he scored on his debut. 

</doc>
<doc id="19933517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933517" title="Nina Bjerkedal">
Nina Bjerkedal

Nina Bjerkedal (born 24 April 1953) is a Norwegian civil servant.
She graduated as siv.øk. from the Norwegian School of Economics and Business Administration in 1975, worked for a short period as research assistant under Finn Kydland before starting a career in the Ministry of Finance. She is currently deputy under-secretary of State in the Ministry of Finance, being in charge of the Government Pension Fund - Global.

</doc>
<doc id="19933535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933535" title="Willie Yeadon">
Willie Yeadon

Willie Brayshaw Yeadon (1907–1997), was a British railway historian known for his "magnum opus", "Yeadon's Register of LNER Locomotives" and other works.
Biography.
Willie Yeadon was born in Yeadon, West Riding of Yorkshire on 28 June 1907. He trained as a mechanical engineer, initially working for the Bradford Dyers' Association Ltd. After being made redundant in the 1930s he joined the Hull firm Fenner in 1931.
Yeadon's initial railway interest was the London & North Western Railway. On moving to East Yorkshire he began to study the activities of the London and North Eastern Railway, starting to collect railway images around 1933. British Rail's 1955 modernisation plan prompted him to begin a systematic study of the locomotives of the LNER, during which he visited engine sheds and works, collecting locomotive related documentation such as works records.
He joined the Railway Correspondence and Travel Society in 1936 and made significant contributions to its multi-volume publication "Locomotives of the LNER". In 1984 he was made an honorary life member of the society.
During his career at Fenner he ultimately became marketing manager, before retiring in 1972. After retirement he started work on "Yeadon's register of LNER locomotives". Volume 12 and after were published postumhously from his work.
He also published works documenting the locations of LNER locomotives on the first and last day of its existence, and on the railways of Hull. His final work was the two volume "A compendium of LNWR locomotives". Yeadon also wrote article for railway periodicals, sometimes using the "nom de plume" "No. 9499".
Yeadon was married for 64 years to Annie, and had a daughter Jean. He died aged 89 in Hull on 16 January 1997.
Legacy.
W.B. Yeadon's will donated his collection of photographs, documents and research notes to the Brynmor Jones Library of the University of Hull; the collection includes over 30,000 photographs, primarily of LNER locomotives and trains, as well as company (works) records of locomotive repairs, boiler repairs, allocations, and other documents. The collection was inherited by the Hull History Centre

</doc>
<doc id="19933540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933540" title="King Cobra (disambiguation)">
King Cobra (disambiguation)

The King Cobra is the world's longest venomous snake.
King Cobra may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19933541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933541" title="River Wraysbury">
River Wraysbury

River Wraysbury is a river in England that branches off the River Colne at West Drayton and rejoins it at Staines before it flows into the River Thames.
The river leaves the River Colne at West Drayton and runs under the M4 motorway until close to Longford when it passes under the M25 motorway. A branch then feeds the Colne Brook by the Poyle Channel while the Wraysbury River runs along the M25, crossing back under it by the Wraysbury Reservoir. It then flows into Staines and rejoins the River Colne in the town centre, shortly before it flows into the River Thames. 

</doc>
<doc id="19933543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933543" title="Green (certification)">
Green (certification)

Green is the only green real estate designation for REALTORs approved by the National Association of Realtors (NAR). The program was developed in 2008 by the Real Estate Buyer's Agent Council of NAR, with administration transferred to the Green Resource Council. 
The course curriculum includes sustainable building practices, marketing, and rating systems (e.g., LEED and Energy Star). As a result, there is some course content overlap with the EcoBroker and NAGAB's Accredited Green Agent and Broker designations.

</doc>
<doc id="19933546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933546" title="Ram Thakur">
Ram Thakur

Thakur's followers believe that he was an Avatar or incarnation of God. He is their most revered " Kaivalyanath" or " Satyanarayan". According to their belief he took the human form for the spiritual uplift of all irrespective of religion, caste and class. A considerable section of his followers were the so-called 'untouchables' and people of other religions (Hindu, Muslim, Christian, Buddhist etc.). Most of them were drawn towards him fascinated by his magnetic divine personality, his magnanimity & affection for all and also by his pleasant personality.
He said that to attain ""Brahma"", the supreme being, requires a lot of perseverance and practice of the ways and means demonstrated by a great soul. Renunciation of "Samsara" (material world) is not the only path to realize the Self. God-consciousness may be achieved by chanting of "Maha-Nama" within this mundane world by means of hard work without attachment.
Biography.
The disciples of Ramthakur believe that he appeared in 'human form' in undivided Bengal in the middle of 19th Century to give salvation to all. Though he was a well known saint, little is known about him outside West Bengal and Bangladesh as he was against any kind of publicity about himself. Millions of followers flocked to him for his advice and spiritual guidance. People of the undivided Bengal could know about his proclaimed divine personality only from the writings of poet "Nabin Chandra Sen" (who was also a sub-divisional Magistrate of Feni, Bangladesh at that time) and from books and articles which were written by a few senior disciples from their recollections about Ramthakur. All of them divided his life into three phases:
First phase.
Ramthakur was born in the famous "Bidyalankar" family at Dingamanik, in Faridpur district, Bangladesh, in the month of "Magha", 1266 B.S (2 February 1860) on Thursday, the 10th of the New Moon with Rohini (Aldebaran) in the ascendant. His father "Sri Radhamadhab Chakravarty" was an ascetic, devoted to penance according to the tantras. His mother "Srimati Kamala Devi" had a frank and simple nature. Ramthakur had two elder brothers, one twin brother and one sister.
Ramthakur was from his early years different from the others. He, since his boyhood, always liked to be alone with himself. His chief pastime was worshiping the gods and goddesses. His schooling at the primary institution was brief. As a boy he felt strongly attached to, and was deeply loved, by his father's spiritual guide "Sri Mrityunjoy Nyayapanchanan", who died one year after his father's death. Ramthakur was then only 8 years old. Soon after, on the third day of the New Moon of "Vaishakha", he was initiated by the "Guru" in ways considered subtle and mysterious. A few years after, he met the "Guru" at Kamakshya, Assam.
Second phase.
The second period of Ramthakur's life is shrouded in mystery. From "Kamakshya" he disappeared with his "Guru" to return home after 8–10 years. During this period he visited several places at "Himalayas" and other places. Soon after he probably went to "Noakhali", "Bangladesh", and spent a few years there and at "Feni", "Bangladesh", where Poet "Nabin Chandra Sen" met him. He was then 26/27 years old. Immediately after, he disappeared again to reappear in "Kolkata" around 1902-'03.
When his mother died in 1903, he was in "Kalighat" . He next spent a few years in the well-known village of "Uttarpara" in the suburbs of "Kolkata" and one day disappeared from there. Ramthakur and his twin brother Lakshmanthakur were unmarried.
Third phase.
For more than a year he was on walking tours in the south, and returned home probably towards the end of 1907 or beginning of 1908. From this time till his passing away, during various crises like the two World Wars, riots, famines, political movements, nuclear explosion and British repression, He stood by the suffering humanity giving them constant courage, hope and blessings while moving from door to door. He was adored and revered by both the Hindus and people of other religion, irrespective of their faith. Ramthakur used to stress constantly on the efficacy of the repetitions of the Lord's Holy Name as a spiritual discipline and penance for all ills which subsequently would lead to God and eternal peace.
During the last few years of his life, in spite of his frail health, the tempo of Ramthakur's ministrations increased tremendously. His grace overflowed and touched the lives of thousands of men. Ramthakur died on the third day of the New Moon of "Vaishakha" 18, 1356 B.S (May 1, 1949) at Chaumohani, a town in the District of Noakhali, Bangladesh. His holy remains were laid to rest at Chaumohani, where a hermitage named Samadhi Mandir has been established as per his desire.

</doc>
<doc id="19933550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933550" title="Georgia B. Ridder">
Georgia B. Ridder

Georgia Ridder (December 5, 1914 - June 14, 2002) was an American thoroughbred racehorse owner and a member of the Board of Directors of the Oak Tree Racing Association.
Biography.
Born Georgia Buck in Baltimore, Maryland, she attended Ethel Walker School in Simsbury, Connecticut. She married Bernard J. Ridder of the Ridder family, co-founders and operators of the Knight Ridder newspaper chain. The couple made their home on Long Island, New York until 1955 when they moved to Pasadena, California where he husband took over as publisher of the "Pasadena Independent & Star News".
Active in Pasadena culture, Georgia Ridder was a member of the Board of Directors of the Pasadena Art Museum and the Pasadena Symphony Association.
Ridder Thoroughbred Stable.
A few years after settling in California, Georgia and Ben Ridder became owners of Thoroughbred racehorses. Some of their notable runners included Flying Paster, the winner of the Grade 1 Santa Anita and Hollywood Derbys and California Horse of the Year plus the Eclipse Award winner, Cascapedia.
Following her husbands death in 1983, Georgia Ridder continue to operate their stable. She owned the Hidden Springs Ranch in Mountain Center in the San Jacinto Mountains and enjoyed considerable further success highlighted by Cat's Cradle being voted California Horse of the Year in 1995 and Alphabet Soup's win in the 1996 Breeders' Cup Classic.
Georgia Ridder died at her Pasadena home in 2002 at age eighty-seven.

</doc>
<doc id="19933553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933553" title="MACS J0025.4-1222">
MACS J0025.4-1222

MACS J0025.4-1222 is a galaxy cluster created by the collision of two galaxy clusters, and is part of the MAssive Cluster Survey (MACS). Like the earlier discovered Bullet Cluster, this cluster shows a clear separation between the centroid of the intergalactic gas (of majority of the normal, or baryonic, mass) and the colliding clusters. 
In the image, intergalactic gas is shown in pink and the mass centroids of the colliding clusters in blue, showing the separation of the two, similar to the Bullet Cluster. It provides independent, direct evidence for dark matter and supports the view that dark matter particles interact with each other only very weakly.
Details.
The shown image is a composite of separate exposures made by Hubble Space Telescope ACS and WFPC2 detectors and the Chandra ACIS detector. The Hubble images were taken on November 5, 2006, and June 6, 2007. The visible light images from Hubble allowed astronomers to infer the distribution of total mass (both dark matter and normal matter). With gravitational lensing Hubble was then able to map the dark matter (colored in blue). The distribution of normal matter (pink) is mostly in the form of hot gas glowing brightly in X-rays. Its distribution was accurately mapped from Chandra data.
The international team of astronomers in this study was led by Marusa Bradac of the University of California, Santa Barbara, and Steve Allen of the Kavli Institute for Particle Astrophysics and Cosmology at Stanford University and the Stanford Linear Accelerator Center (SLAC). 
The two clusters that formed MACS J0025 are each almost a million billion times the mass of the Sun. They merged at speeds of millions of miles per hour, and as they did so the hot gas in each cluster collided with the hot gas in the other and slowed down. The dark matter (which interacts weakly) did not. The separation between the normal matter (pink) and dark matter (blue) therefore provides direct evidence for dark matter and supports the view that dark matter particles interact with each other almost entirely through gravity.

</doc>
<doc id="19933561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933561" title="Kingdom of Maynila">
Kingdom of Maynila

The Kingdom of Maynila (Tagalog: "Maynila" Old Malay: Kota Seludong, Jawi script: كوتا سلودوڠ ), was one of three major city-states that dominated the area by the lower reaches and mouth of the Pasig River before the arrival of Spanish colonizers in the 16th century. It is the site of present-day Manila, the capital of the Republic of the Philippines.
Etymology.
Early records claim that Maynila was named after the Yamstick Mangrove ("Scyphiphora hydrophyllacea", whose local name was "nila" or "nilad", by the time the Spanish colonizers arrived in the late 16th century. The name "maynila" itself transliterates as "There is nila (here)", and an alternate name for the place is "maynilad."
Nila or Nilad.
There is some argument among historians as to whether the plant was actually called "nila" or "nilad." 
Historians Ambeth Ocampo and Carmen Guerrero Nakpil assert that "nila" is popularly referred to as "nilad" by people unfamiliar with the plant. On his Facebook page, Ocampo notes that "Some idiot added a 'd' to give us: "Maynilad, Maharnilad", and "Lagusnilad"! In Fr. Blanco's "Flora de Filipinas" circa 1877 we find the "ixora manila". There is no "d" after nila.""
A number of early sources disagree, however, noting that the plant referred to as ""nilad"" is the Indigo plant ("Indigoferra tinctoria"), a different plant altogether. Emma Helen Blair, in the multi-volume collection of Philippine documents "The Philippine Islands", notes "The name Manila is derived from a Tagal word, ' "Manilad" ', meaning 'a place overgrown with Nilad' which is the name of a small tree, bearing white flowers."
Julio Nakpil asserted that the dropping of the "d" at the end of the name was probably a mistake on the part of the Spaniards: "Maynilad seems to us reasonable for the following reason: the prefix" 'may' "means "to have" or "there is" ("mayroon") ; and the prefix" 'ma' "means abundant ("marami"); and" 'nilad' "is a shrub, also called "sagasa", growing profusely on the banks of Manila, and for that reason it was called "Manilad" before and after the coming of the Spaniards who, because of their defective pronunciation of our language, dropped the last letter, converting it into Manila."" 
It has also been suggested that the name may have come from the Arabic word (في امان الله) ""Fi Amanillah"", which means, "In Allah's safety."
History.
Establishment.
The early inhabitants of the present-day Manila engaged in trade relations with its Asian neighbors as well as with the Hindu empires of Java and Sumatra, as confirmed by archaeological findings. Trade ties between China became extensive by the 10th century, while contacts with Arab merchants reached its peak in the 12th century.
During the reign of Sultan Bolkiah (1485–1521) the Kingdom of Brunei decided to break the Kingdom of Tondo's monopoly in the Chinese trade by attacking Tondo and establishing the city-state of "Seludong" as a Bruneian satellite. This is narrated through Tausug and Malay royal histories, where the names "Seludong", "Saludong" or "Selurong" are used to denote Manila prior to colonization.
Beginning of the Spanish Colonial Era.
In the mid-16th century, the areas of present-day Manila were governed by native rajahs. Rajah Matanda (whose real name was recorded by the Legaspi expedition as Ache) and his nephew, Rajah Sulayman ("Rajah Mura" or "Rajah Muda" (a Sanskrit title for a Prince), ruled the Muslim communities south of the Pasig River, including the Kingdom of Maynila, while Rajah Lakandula ruled the Kingdom of Tondo north of the river. These settlements held ties with the sultanates of Brunei, Sulu, and Ternate, Indonesia (not to be confused with Ternate in present-day Cavite).

</doc>
<doc id="19933562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933562" title="Robert Barnett (lawyer)">
Robert Barnett (lawyer)

Robert B. Barnett (August 26, 1946) is an American lawyer who is a partner at the law firm Williams & Connolly LLP. Barnett is married to Rita Braver, born April 1948, a correspondent with CBS News.
Barnett was born in Waukegan, Illinois. He obtained a bachelor's degree from the University of Wisconsin in 1968 and a law degree from the University of Chicago in 1971. He was comment editor for the "University of Chicago Law Review" and later clerked for John Minor Wisdom and later Byron White on the Supreme Court. An aide to Walter Mondale, he joined the law firm of Williams & Connolly in 1975.
Barnett was ranked by "The Washingtonian" as the #1 Washington, D.C. area lawyer in 2004 and number 10 in 2007.
He has represented many influential people including Bob Woodward, Ann Curry, Tim Russert, James Patterson, Barbra Streisand, James Carville, Mary Matalin, William Bennett, Benazir Bhutto, Dan Quayle, Madeline Albright, Larry Summers, Bill Clinton, Hillary Clinton, George W. Bush, Laura Bush, Dick Cheney, Lynne Cheney, James Baker, Paul Wolfowitz, Karl Rove, Alan Greenspan, Queen Noor, Sarah Palin, David Petraeus, Tony Blair, and Barack Obama.
He also served as a practice debate opponent for many Democratic Presidential and Vice-Presidential candidates.

</doc>
<doc id="19933564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933564" title="Rockhill Barracks">
Rockhill Barracks

Rockhill Barracks was an Irish Army barracks located in Letterkenny, County Donegal. The Barracks was forced to close due to the 2008 economic meltdown.
History.
Rockhill House is a 30-room period building originally built as a manor house in the 17th century for the gentry. Captain Thomas Chambers is the earliest recorded occupier of the house in 1660. The present structure dates from 1824 and is a listed building. Rockhill House was occupied by The Irregulars during the Irish Civil War. They were removed from the building by a pro-treaty crowd who were led by Letterkenny native James McMonagle. Rockhill House which houses the barracks was later privately owned by Sir Charles John Stewart. His two sons were killed during World War I. He sold the building in October 1936, through selling agent John King Robinson, due to the fear of attacks from the Irish Republican Army.
During years of vacancy the building was used as a Preparatory Irish College. The premises was used by The 24th Battalion from 1969 to 1973. Rockhill also hosted military combatants before members of the "B" Coy of the 28th Infantry settled there in 1973. The barracks opened in 1969 and covers of land. The then Taoiseach, Jack Lynch, deployed Irish troops to the border during The Troubles in Northern Ireland.
There is evidence that golf was played at Rockhill before the 20th century, long before Letterkenny Golf Club was established in 1913. A steward wrote to his master stating that golf was being played on the land of Major General ACH Stewart. In a letter he stated ""Mr Chambers, Manager of the Ulster Bank, Dr Carre and a few others been playing golf on the lawn starting at McDaid's old lodge and going across into the Fort Field"".
Before its closure the house had undergone major refurbishment with re-roofing of the original building and changing the heating system from turf burning to central heating.
Closure.
Due to the 2008 Budget cutbacks on military spending the barracks was forced to close. 135 personnel moved to Finner Camp in Ballyshannon on 31 January 2009. Willie O'Dea, Minister for Defence, who defended the closure, said ""There were too many army barracks for an army and a country of Ireland's size"". Local people protested and stated that ""the Government was walking on the people and the proposals would mean the loss of €6.5 million to the local economy"". Dessie Larkin, a local councillor, said ""I think it is a huge mistake to leave the north of the county without an army presence. The county would be cut off if it was blown up. What do people do in north Donegal now if there is a flooding crisis or other disaster?"" He recalled how his father James (Big Jim) Larkin was presented with a membership card for the officer's mass. The Sunday mass was only part of what the barracks meant to the community. ""For people living in Bomany, Oldtown and New Mills it was a God send"", he said.
Protest.
A protest march was held in Letterkenny on Saturday 15 November 2008 in objection to the barracks closure. It began at the Bus Éireann depot at 1.30pm and came to a climax at the Market Square. The protest was organised by the Donegal Steering Group Against Barrack Closures who include former Rockhill service personnel. Fine Gael politician Dinny McGinley was forced to leave the Dáil after he caused a row with Willie O'Dea. When O'Dea failed to answer McGinley's request for him to visit Donegal, the Donegal TD demanded that he prove whether he is ""a man or a mouse"". Leas Ceann Comhairle, Brendan Howlin asked McGinley to leave when he repeatedly shouted at O'Dea.
An open day was held at the barracks on 14 January 2009 and a final mass on 18 January was celebrated by Army Chaplain, Fr. Alan Ward. The open day provided soldiers and members of the general public with an opportunity to remember times gone by. On Wednesday, 28 January, soldiers marched down the Barracks avenue for the last time before proceeding to march from the Courthouse to the Library on the town's Main Street. Several hundred people lined the streets to acknowledge the role the army had played as soldiers from the 28th Battalion paraded through the town.
The future.
It has not yet been decided what will become of the Rockhill Estate. Many suggestions have been made:
Publications.
Lt.-Col. Declan O'Carroll, commanding officer at the barracks from 1981–1983, 1984–1986 and 1992–1993, published his 62 page book ""Rockhill House – A History"" in 1984. It was published by Defences Forces Printing Press and it was revised in 1994.

</doc>
<doc id="19933578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933578" title="Milton Road">
Milton Road

Milton Road is an arterial road in Brisbane, Australia. It is currently signed as State Route 32 for its entire length.
Milton Road is a major corridor for traffic between the Brisbane central business district and the western suburbs.
Milton Road's western end is at the northern terminus of the Western Freeway at the base of Mount Coot-tha in the suburb of Toowong and progresses in a north-easterly direction through the suburbs of Auchenflower and Milton before terminating at Petrie Terrace in Brisbane City. 250 metres west of Petrie Terrace is an interchange with the Hale Street expressway which allows access to and from the Inner City Bypass. Milton Road closely parallels the Ipswich railway line.
Attractions along Milton Road include the XXXX Brewery and Lang Park stadium, both in Milton.
The Toowong tram line ran along the entire length of Milton Road until 1962, when the Paddington tram depot fire compelled the closure of several tram lines. Part of the line was kept open to carry spectators to and from tennis matches at Frew Park in Milton for a short while after regular services ceased.

</doc>
<doc id="19933581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933581" title="It Won't Be Like This for Long">
It Won't Be Like This for Long

"It Won't Be Like This for Long" is a song co-written and recorded by American singer Darius Rucker, lead vocalist of the rock band Hootie & the Blowfish. It was released in November 2008 as the second from his first country music album "Learn to Live". Rucker co-wrote the song with Chris DuBois and Ashley Gorley.
Content.
The song is a mid-tempo mostly accompanied by acoustic guitar and piano. The song describes a couple who have just had a baby, and throughout it chronicles how their lives change by the child's presence. In the first verse, the child is crying at night, keeping both parents awake. The mother then tells the father that evenings will change when the child grows.
In the second verse, the daughter is four years old, and is being taken to preschool. She hangs on to her father's leg because she is afraid, and the teacher tells him "it won't be like this for long". By the third verse and bridge, the father is observing the daughter and realizing that the daughter will soon be grown up, and he will not be able to observe her much longer.
According to "Country Weekly" magazine, Rucker met with Chris DuBois and Ashley Gorley to write the song. The three songwriters were talking about their kids and "how quickly life changes." As the songwriters were talking, they decided to write the song.
Reception.
The song received a "thumbs down" review from the country music site The 9513. Brady Vercher stated that "the lyric itself is too straightforward to carry much emotional resonance despite Rucker's best efforts." He also considered it derivative of Trace Adkins' early 2008 hit "You're Gonna Miss This", which was also co-written by Ashley Gorley and contains a theme of a parent observing a daughter's growing up. Allen Jacobs of Roughstock gave the song a more favorable review. Jacobs said in his review that "Rucker's butter-smooth vocals catch a country cadence, as his balladeers a promise of improvement in a loved one - and his own life."
Music video.
A music video was released for the song in February 2009. As with his previous two music videos ("Don't Think I Don't Think About It" and "Winter Wonderland"), the video for "It Won't Be Like This for Long" was directed by Wayne Isham.
Chart performance.
The song debuted at number 45 on the Hot Country Songs chart dated November 1, 2008 and peaked at number 1 on the chart dated March 28, 2009 and remained there for the next two weeks.

</doc>
<doc id="19933586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933586" title="1990 BMW Open – Singles">
1990 BMW Open – Singles

Andrei Chesnokov was the defending champion, but did not participate this year.
Karel Nováček won the title, defeating Thomas Muster 6–4, 6–2 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19933593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933593" title="Carsten Bleness">
Carsten Bleness

Carsten Bleness (born 22 July 1958) is a Norwegian newspaper editor.
He was born in Oslo as a son of Magne Bleness. He took the examen artium in 1977 and worked as a sailor, then manual laborer at Jøtul from 1980 to 1982. He took education as a Chief Mate and served as such for two years, and then returned to manual labor at Standard Telefon og Kabelfabrik until 1985.
From 1985 to 1987 he led the radio station Radio Klassekampen. He worked in the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation from 1988 to 1992, and in "Aftenposten" from 1992 to 2005. He was the newspaper's correspondent in London for a period. In 2005 he was hired as the editor-in-chief of the newspaper "Dagsavisen". He resigned in 2009 amid poor economic results, and was succeeded by Arne Strand as acting editor. In September 2010 he became editor-in-chief of "Hamar Arbeiderblad".

</doc>
<doc id="19933599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933599" title="April Gornik">
April Gornik

April Gornik (born 1953, Cleveland, Ohio) is an American artist who paints American landscapes.
Her work "Storm and Fires" (1990) is included into the collection of the Smithsonian American Art Museum, as well as in many other national museums and private collections.
In 2007, The Smithsonian Art Collectors Program commissioned Gornik to produce a print to benefit the educational and cultural programs of the Smithsonian Associates. The lithograph, entitled "Blue Moonlight" hangs in the ongoing exhibition "Graphic Eloquence" in the S. Dillon Ripley Center in the National Mall.
She received a Lifetime Achievement Award from Guild Hall Museum in 2003 and was the Neuberger Museum of Art Annual Honoree in 2004. Her husband is painter Eric Fischl.

</doc>
<doc id="19933602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933602" title="Pondfield Cove">
Pondfield Cove

Pondfield Cove is a small, secluded, south-facing cove immediately to the east of Worbarrow Tout and west of Gad Cliff on the south coast of the Isle of Purbeck, in Dorset, England.
Location.
Pondfield Cove is located about six kilometres south of Wareham und about 16 kilometres west of Swanage. The cove is only accessible when the Lulworth Ranges are open to the public. It can be reached either by a walk down an easy track alongside Tyneham Gwyle, from the car park alongside the ghost village of Tyneham, or alternatively via the South West Coast Path.
Geology.
The geology of the Isle of Purbeck is very complex and this is shown very clearly along this stretch of coast. The extreme angular layers of rock visibly demonstrate the complex sedimentary folding that affected this area some 30 million years ago. The foldings were caused by the tectonic pressures as the African and European continents collided. 
During this period, the sediments were twisted horizontally, this is why the younger Cretaceous formations, between 85 to 145 million years old, are found to the rear of Worbarrow Bay. Pondfield Cove lies entirely within the Portland limestones, 150 million, and Purbeck Beds, 147 million years old. The sequence of Purbeck limestones and shales is clearly visible within the low neck of land between Worbarrow Tout and the mainland. This cliff face separates the cove from Worbarrow Bay to the north.

</doc>
<doc id="19933603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933603" title="The Hand That Feeds the Dead">
The Hand That Feeds the Dead

The Hand That Feeds the Dead (, also known as "Evil Face") is a 1974 Italian horror film directed by Sergio Garrone and starring Klaus Kinski. In this film, a 19th-century doctor finds a laboratory in his basement and starts dabbling in reanimation.

</doc>
<doc id="19933605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933605" title="Hennops River">
Hennops River

The Hennops River is a small river in Gauteng Province, South Africa that passes through Centurion. It is part of the Crocodile River basin.
The Rietvlei River is a right hand tributary of the Hennops River, which again is a tributary of the Crocodile River (Limpopo).
Tourist attractions.
The valley of the river is a weekend and holiday destination for residents of the nearby cities. The banks of the Hennops are a popular location for hiking, fishing, camping, and picnicking. It is crossed by two small suspension bridges, one at Centurion Mall, and the other at Hennops Pride There are also resorts and a 4x4 trail.

</doc>
<doc id="19933607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933607" title="Norberto Barba">
Norberto Barba

Norberto Barba (born September 12, 1963) is an American television and film director. He is known for his work on "Grimm" and the "Law & Order" franchise.
Biographical details.
A native of the Bronx, New York, Barba studied at Regis High School in New York City. He also spent two years at Columbia University and later went to USC School of Cinematic Arts. After earning his degree, he became a director fellow at the American Film Institute, where he earned his postgraduate degree in film production.
Barba made his directorial debut in 1992 with the short film "Chavez Ravine", which tells the story of a father and son struggling to defend their home against city developers planning to build Dodger Stadium in the mid-1950s. In addition, he directed "Blue Tiger" (1994) and "Solo" (1996), before specializing as a director/producer for television programs.
His television credits include series such as "New York Undercover", "Level 9", "Resurrection Blvd.", "American Dreams", ', "Numb3rs", ', ', "Fringe", "Grimm", ', "", "Threshold", "Kojak" and "Medical Investigation", as well in "Apollo 11: The Movie" (1996).
Barba is a three-time ALMA Award nominated and also served in a Psychological Operations unit of the U.S. Army Special Forces.
He is currently an executive producer and director on NBC's "Grimm".

</doc>
<doc id="19933621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933621" title="Bosnian Special Police Units">
Bosnian Special Police Units

The ministry of interior of Bosnia and Herzegovina had a few special forces that existed even before the war in Bosnia in 1992.
History.
Bosnian special police units where a few during the war in Bosnia, but there was only one created before the war. In 1982, the MUP special police unit "BOSNA" was created. This unit, like others European units at the time, was created from the threat of terrorism, created by specialists of the police force and very well trained and prepared to fight terrorism. Before the war this unit was active in catching criminals accused of killings, and was sent to very intense stand off situations.
Bosnian war.
At the beginning of the Bosnian war, this unit was placed in the Dom Policije base in Sarajevo. All athletes, predominantly soccer and martial arts athletes, were accepted to this unit. The unit got the official name "Odred za posebne namjene MUP-a R BiH" and their first commander Dragan Vikić, they became known as "Vikicevi specijalci". Along with that units other special police units were created: Jedinica za posebne namjene "Laste" and the Green Berets of MUP in Stari Grad.

</doc>
<doc id="19933637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933637" title="Dead Wrong (comics)">
Dead Wrong (comics)

"Dead Wrong" is a story arc of the Marvel Comics' award-winning comic series, "Runaways". The story arc features the first appearance of the creative team of Terry Moore and Humberto Ramos. The arc is composed of the first six issues of the series' third volume. 
Production.
Terry Moore was announced to take over the series during summer 2006. Moore hadn't read of "Runaways" until the job offer came up; after getting more information about the Marvel Universe and "Runaways" from his son, Moore "fell in love" and describes the characters with great detail and passion. Moore mentioned that one of his favorite scenes in this story arc involved the beach scene with Molly and Klara.
Humberto Ramos's incarnations of the Runaways differs greatly from those of previous artists Adrian Alphona, Mike Norton, and Michael Ryan. For Karolina, he used his personal opinion to draw her, deliberately breaking style with the previous artists for the benefit. His drawing of Nico was meant to look sexy. As for Chase, he modeled Chase into a typical "big blond hunk of California surfer", because Chase should be "the muscle in the team." Ramos regularly goes onto Yahoo! Shopping, looking for the latest ideas in fashion for Molly and Klara's "Hannah Montana"-inspired clothes. Xavin's gender is to be determined by the way the story progresses, Victor remains more or less the same, but Old Lace differs greatly. With a much longer jaw, the dinosaur appears a lot larger than previous incarnations.
Story.
Plot.
The duo's pilot issue (August 27, 2008) had the Runaways find a third hiding place at Chase's parent's former Malibu home. Klara saves her first life, Chase's new radio station manager boss, Bob, who mysteriously falls off the tower during a heart attack. When returning home, the Runaways discover that the remaining Majesdanians (Karolina's alien race) have arrived; deHalle, vaRikk, vaDanti, and the General have the desire to hunt Karolina down for the problems caused on their planet. With the help of a spell from Nico ("Scatter") she manages to separate the Majesdanians, sending vaRikk to Africa, deHalle to Antarctica, and the General to China (September 24, 2008). Her spell fails to work on vaDanti, so the Runaways hold him captive. Meanwhile, Val Rhymin kills Bob, the station manager. It is revealed in the third issue that Nico's spell actually also affected the Runaways; a reason why they are also slowly breaking up.
Setting.
Like previous writers Brian K. Vaughan and Joss Whedon, Moore continues to make cultural references: YouTube, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC), movie director Kevin Smith. The films "Psycho", "Jurassic Park", and Rocky Balboa from the "Rocky film series" are also referenced.

</doc>
<doc id="19933644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933644" title="Jazz Samba Encore!">
Jazz Samba Encore!

Jazz Samba Encore! is a bossa nova album by Stan Getz and Luiz Bonfá, released on the Verve label. It is bossa nova in a slower groove. It contains a mix of Jobim standards as well as originals from Bonfá. Performers also include Antonio Carlos Jobim and vocalist Maria Toledo, Bonfá's wife. Some songs are more subdued in tone, while other performances, notably "O Morro Não Tem Vez", featuring a blistering solo from Getz, are louder and quite upbeat.

</doc>
<doc id="19933654" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933654" title="Lover of the Monster">
Lover of the Monster

Lover of the Monster () is a 1974 Italian horror film directed by Sergio Garrone and starring Klaus Kinski.
Plot.
Dr. Alex Nijinksi (Klaus Kinski) stumbles upon a secret experimental laboratory when he returns to his wife's ancestral homestead. Work in the lab turns the curious doctor into a Jekyll and Hyde split personality, with the evil alter ago going on a killing rampage in the town which blamed on a pair of tramps.

</doc>
<doc id="19933673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933673" title="Jonathan Coy">
Jonathan Coy

Jonathan Coy is a British actor born in Hammersmith, London on 24 April 1953. He has worked since 1975 largely in television, notably as Henry in the long running legal series "Rumpole" and as Bracegirdle in the television series "Hornblower", adapted from the books by C. S. Forester. He also appeared as the German character, Kurt, in the British television series "Brideshead Revisited", in Season 1, Episode 7, entitled "The Unseen Hook".
In 2008 he played 'Lloyd Dallas' in a UK tour of the play "Noises Off", Leonato in the 2011 Wyndham's Theatre production of "Much Ado About Nothing", with David Tennant, and Colonel Luykin in Pinero's "The Magistrate" at the Royal National Theatre in 2012-13, a production that was included in Season 4 of National Theatre Live.
He also played a German spy called "Hans Maier" in the BBC Series "Foyle's War", Series 2 Episode 1; and played the Prince of Wales in the BBC series "The Scarlet Pimpernel" (1999).
He appeared in the 2001 critically acclaimed television film Conspiracy as Erich Neumann, the Director of the Office of the Four Year Plan. His main scenes were with Brendan Coyle, who played Gestapo General Heinrich Muller. He would be reunited with Coyle over 10 years later on the set of Downton Abbey, where Coy played Mr. George Murray, Lord Grantham's lawyer.

</doc>
<doc id="19933677" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933677" title="Maja Vukoces">
Maja Vukoces

Maja Vukoces is a mountain in northern Albania in the Prokletije with a height of 2,450m. Like others in the range, it too has a steep, rocky summit. It is even more difficult to climb it at winter when the snow and ice make the route to the peak and summit impossible to reach.

</doc>
<doc id="19933680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933680" title="Dhamial Rajputs">
Dhamial Rajputs

The Dhamial Rajputs of the Pothohar Plateau are a branch of the Janjua Rajput clan. 
History.
The Punjab in the pre-Mughal era was one of much civil wars between many kingdoms and new dynasties began to spread their dominions over other crumbling dynastic houses.
In the early thirteenth century, the Janjua chieftain, Raja Mal Khan rose to prominence. He increased his dominion over Hazara (later renamed Amb through his son Raja Tanoli, Jhelum through his son Raja Jodh, parts of Kashmir through Raja Khakha, Rajghar (later renamed Malot) Chakwal through his eldest Raja Bhir and what is today known as the Kahuta district through Raja Kala Khan. Tarikh-e-Alfi of the Ghorids makes a mention of the rise to power of Raja Mal.
According to Lepel H. Griffin 
The descendants of Raja Jodh continued to rule this region through various interruptions until the time of Maharaja Ranjit Singh. Raja Bhir meanwhile took over the Malot (Rajghar) state from his father.
It was in this tradition that Raja Bhir's later descendant, Raja Malu Khan, allying his cousin Raja Mubarak Khan who was the descendant of Raja Jodh Khan, gained control of the region of Dhamial and Ranial.

</doc>
<doc id="19933683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933683" title="Arne Blix">
Arne Blix

Arne Blix (born 20 September 1954) is a Norwegian journalist.
Since 2006 he is the editor-in-chief of the newspaper "Adresseavisen". Starting his career as a journalist in "Bladet Tromsø" from 1976 to 1978 and in "Verdens Gang" from 1978 to 1985, he has worked in "Adresseavisen" since, except for the years 1987 to 1989. He took the cand.jur. degree at the University of Oslo in 1986.

</doc>
<doc id="19933685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933685" title="Ştiinţa Bacău">
Ştiinţa Bacău

Ştiinţa Bacău may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19933697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933697" title="Crash of Light">
Crash of Light

Crash of Light is a live album by Norwegian New Wave/pop rock group Fra Lippo Lippi. It was originally prepared for the band's revived record label Uniton Records, but was never released in Norway due to legal problems with their distributor. The album was eventually released on LP, CD and cassette in the Philippines by OctoArts International in 1990.
This live recording is currently available as part of Rune Arkiv's re-release of the band's 1985 album "Songs".
Personnel.
with

</doc>
<doc id="19933699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933699" title="Edward J. Clancy, Jr.">
Edward J. Clancy, Jr.

Edward J. "Chip" Clancy, Jr. is a Massachusetts politician who served the 55th mayor of Lynn, Massachusetts. He was first elected in November 2001. Previously, Clancy served on the Lynn City Council. After the council, he served in the Massachusetts House of Representatives and the Massachusetts Senate. In 2001, while still a member of the Massachusetts Senate, Clancy was elected as Mayor of Lynn; after his election as Mayor, Clancy resigned from the Senate. On November 3, 2009 he was defeated by Republican challenger Judith Flanagan Kennedy, by a margin of 27 votes.
Early life.
Clancy is a native of Lynn, Massachusetts. Clancy's parents were Mrs. Claire M. (Luby) Clancy and Edward J. "Nipper" Clancy, a former political leader and city assessor of Lynn.
Early career.
Clancy graduated from Providence College and Suffolk University Law School. On December 15, 1975 Clancy was admitted to the Massachusetts Bar and served as an Assistant Attorney General in the Massachusetts Attorney General's office.[http://www.ci.lynn.ma.us/mayorsoffice_mayorbio.shtml]
Lynn City Council.
In 1977, Clancy was elected to the Lynn, Massachusetts, city council.
First run for Mayor.
In 1981 Clancy lost his first campaign for Mayor of Lynn. In the 1981 preliminary election Clancy finished first, receiving 1,393 more votes than incumbent Mayor Antonio J. Marino. However, Mayor Marino defeated Clancy by 3,119 votes in the final election.
Return to the City Council.
In 1983 Clancy was once again elected to the Lynn City Council as a City Councilor at large.
Election to the Massachusetts House of Representatives.
In 1990 Clancy ran in the Democratic Primary for the Massachusetts House of Representatives. Clancy ran against former Speaker of the House Thomas W. McGee. Initially McGee was declared the winner with a nine-vote victory. However, after a recount Clancy was ahead of McGee by a five vote margin. After McGee challenged the recount in court, Clancy ended up winning the primary by an 11-vote margin. Clancy went onto defeat Republican Kimberly P. Simone and win the general election in November 1990.
Election to the Massachusetts Senate.
In April 1994 Massachusetts State Senator Walter J. Boverini (D-Lynn) announced that he would not run for reelection the State Senate. Clancy ran for and won the Democratic Party's nomination for the seat being vacated by Boverini.
In November 1994 Clancy won the general election for State Senate seat from the 1st Essex District.
Clancy garnered 29,637 votes or 55% of the vote vs Republican Kathleen E. Caron's 24,663 votes or 45% of the total votes cast.
Election as Mayor of Lynn.
Clancy ran unopposed in his first two elections for the Mayor of Lynn. On November 3, 2009, Clancy was defeated by Judith Flanagan Kennedy by a total of 8,043 votes to 8,016.

</doc>
<doc id="19933711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933711" title="Footprints on the Moon (1975 film)">
Footprints on the Moon (1975 film)

Footprints on the Moon () is a 1975 Italian horror film starring Florinda Bolkan and Klaus Kinski.
Plot.
Alice Cespi (Florinda Bolkan) begins to see her life fall apart due to strange memories from childhood when she was forced to watch a film called "Footprints on the Moon" involving an unethical experiment in leaving astronauts stranded on the moon's surface. Alice has terrible dreams and begins to become addicted to tranquilizers. The drugs and her deteriorating mental condition cause her to miss work and she is eventually fired, whereupon she travels to a dilapidated former tourist area called Garma after receiving a mysterious postcard. There, she runs into a girl named Paula Burton (Nicoletta Elmi), who tells her that she looks exactly like another woman, Nicole, currently staying at the faded resort. Alice then encounters a series of strange people and circumstances, all leading her closer to unlocking the possibly deadly mystery. 

</doc>
<doc id="19933715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933715" title="Austria–Japan relations">
Austria–Japan relations

Austrian-Japanese relations are foreign relations between Austria and Japan. Both countries established diplomatic relation in 1869. Austria has an embassy in Tokyo and 4 honorary consulates (in Hiroshima, Nagoya, Osaka and Sapporo). Japan has an embassy in Vienna and an honorary consulate in Salzburg. 
In June 1999, the President of Austria Thomas Klestil paid a state visit to Japan. It was the first state visit of an Austrian President to Japan.
In 2007, Japan was Austria's third most important overseas trade partner.

</doc>
<doc id="19933720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933720" title="Franz Staudegger">
Franz Staudegger

Franz Staudegger (1921–1995) was an Oberscharführer (Staff Sergeant) in the Waffen-SS and was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.
As a Unterscharführer (Corporal/Sergeant) Franz Staudegger was the first member of the 1st SS Division Leibstandarte SS Adolf Hitler Tiger tank commanders to win the Knight's Cross 
On 7 July 1943, a single Tiger I tank commanded by SS Oberscharfuehrer Franz Staudegger from the 2nd Platoon, 13th Panzer Company, 1st SS Panzer Regiment "LSSAH" engaged a Soviet group of some 50 T-34 tanks around Psyolknee in the southern sector of the Battle of Kursk. Staudegger used up his entire ammunition supply and destroyed 22 Soviet tanks, while the rest retreated. For his achievement, he was awarded the Knight’s Cross, as first Tiger tank crewman.
He was also summoned to the Führer Headquarters to give Adolf Hitler a detailed account of the tank battle. 
Staudegger ended the war in the 101st SS Heavy Panzer Battalion which was present at the Battle of Normandy in 1944 under the command of Michael Wittmann and was later involved in the Battle of the Bulge.

</doc>
<doc id="19933727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933727" title="1888 North Canterbury earthquake">
1888 North Canterbury earthquake

The 1888 North Canterbury earthquake occurred at 4.10 a.m on 1 September 1888 following a sequence of foreshocks that started the previous evening, and whose epicentre was in the North Canterbury region of the South Island of New Zealand. The epicentre was approximately west of Hanmer.
In Christchurch, about southeast of the epicentre, shaking lasted for 40 to 50 seconds. The magnitude of the earthquake is estimated to be in the range 7.0–7.3. Severe damage to farm buildings in the epicentral region was reported and the top of the spire of ChristChurch Cathedral collapsed. It was the first earthquake observed to be associated with mainly horizontal fault displacement.
Tectonic setting.
New Zealand lies along the boundary between the Australian and Pacific plates.
The earthquake occurred on the Hope Fault, one of the group of dextral strike-slip structures known as the Marlborough Fault System that transfer displacement between the mainly transform and convergent type plate boundaries in a complex zone at the northern end of South Island. Alexander McKay, a geologist working for the geological survey, observed horizontal offsets in farm fences between along the fault. He was the first to associate a strike-slip displacement with an earthquake.
Damage.
In the North Canterbury region many buildings were severely damaged, particularly in the Hope Valley and Hanmer areas. Landslides occurred in unconsolidated sediment and fissures up to wide were observed.
In Christchurch, the top of the Cathedral spire fell down and minor damage, such as broken chimneys, affected many houses. The Durham Street Methodist Church, Christchurch's first church build with permanent materials, suffered some damage to its stonework. Another building affected was the Christchurch Normal School, where chimneys fell down and ceilings were cracked.
Damage was greatest in the northern and northwestern suburbs, probably due to the peaty sub-soil.

</doc>
<doc id="19933735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933735" title="Austria–South Korea relations">
Austria–South Korea relations

Austrian-South Korean relations are foreign relations between Austria and South Korea. Diplomatic relations between the two countries were established on May 22, 1963.
Missions.
Austria has an embassy in Seoul and an honorary consulate in Busan. South Korea has an embassy in Vienna and 4 honorary consulates (in Graz, Klagenfurt, Linz and Salzburg). The Austrian embassy in Seoul is located in the same building as the Australian embassy, often leading to misdelivered mail and confused visitors.
Trade.
In 2007, South Korea was Austria's fourth-largest non-European Union trading partner. Two way trade was valued at about US$1.8 billion that year.
Bilateral visits.
In April 2007, the President of Austria Heinz Fischer paid a state visit to South Korea. It was the first ever state visit of an Austrian President to the republic.

</doc>
<doc id="19933744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933744" title="Foster, Oregon">
Foster, Oregon

Foster is a unincorporated community partly within the city of Sweet Home in Linn County, Oregon, United States. It is located on the western end of the Foster Reservoir. A post office named Foster serves ZIP code 97345, which serves areas beyond the Sweet Home city limits on both the north and south sides of Foster Lake: on the north side, the area extends along the Middle Santiam River to the west end of Green Peter Lake; on the south, the area extends for several miles along the South Santiam River and Santiam Highway.
Climate.
This region experiences warm (but not hot) and dry summers, with no average monthly temperatures above 71.6 °F. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Foster has a warm-summer Mediterranean climate, abbreviated "Csb" on climate maps.

</doc>
<doc id="19933774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933774" title="Oli Johnson">
Oli Johnson

Oliver Tobias M. "Oli" Johnson (born 6 November 1987) is an English footballer who plays as a striker, but is currently unattached.
Career.
Early career.
Born in Wakefield, West Yorkshire, Johnson played in the Wakefield & District Sunday League with Shepherds Arms before starting his career with Nostell Miners Welfare in the Northern Counties East Football League Division One, the tenth tier of English football. His first goal of the 2006–07 season came with Nostell's opening goal in a 4–2 victory over AFC Emley on 21 October 2006. He finished the season with four goals as Nostell were promoted to the Northern Counties East Football League Premier Division.
Stockport County.
After catching the attention of Stockport County during a pre-season friendly, he joined the League One club on 17 October 2008 after impressing on trial, signing a contract until the end of the 2008–09 season. He made his debut as part of a 2–1 loss against Colchester United. He made an instant impact at Stockport, scoring four goals in his first four starts for the club, including the winner against Cheltenham Town at Edgeley Park.
Norwich City.
Johnson signed for Norwich City on a two-and-a-half-year contract for an undisclosed fee on 8 January 2010 and made his debut coming on as a late substitute in Norwich's 3–1 victory over Exeter City the following day. He scored his first goal for the club a week later in the 5–0 away victory against Colchester United.
Johnson joined Yeovil Town on an initial one-month loan on 14 January 2011, and made his debut as a substitute in the 1–0 win against Swindon Town on 15 January. His first goal for the club came against Brentford, helping Yeovil to a 2–1 win. He scored twice more for the club, including a volley in a 1–0 win against Tranmere Rovers. On 9 January 2012, Johnson's contract with Norwich was terminated by mutual consent.
Oxford United.
Johnson joined Oxford United of League Two on 20 January 2012 on a contract until the end of the season. He scored his first goal for the club in a 2–1 home victory over Dagenham & Redbridge. In May 2012, Johnson was released after being deemed surplus to requirements.
York City.
Johnson signed for newly promoted League Two side York City on a one-year contract on 26 June 2012. He made his debut as an 89th minute substitute in York's 2–0 win away at Aldershot Town on 29 September 2012.
Honours.
Norwich City

</doc>
<doc id="19933781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933781" title="Leigh Delamere services">
Leigh Delamere services

Leigh Delamere services is a motorway service station on the M4 motorway situated one mile west of Junction 17, between Bristol and Swindon (close to Chippenham and Malmesbury). It takes its name from the adjoining village of Leigh Delamere. It is one of Europe's largest service stations. 
The service area is owned by Moto, and has among other businesses a Marks & Spencer, Burger King and WH Smiths.
In popular culture.
The station is mentioned in "The Eyre Affair" by Jasper Fforde and is supposedly named after the mother of an associate of the main villain. It features several times in BBC TV's Gavin and Stacey, although scenes reportedly at Leigh Delamere were filmed at Cardiff Gate services in Wales.

</doc>
<doc id="19933791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933791" title="Austria–Chile relations">
Austria–Chile relations

Austrian-Chilean relations are foreign relations between Austria and Chile. The first bilateral relations dates back from 1846. Austria has an embassy in Santiago de Chile and 3 honorary consulates (in Arica, Valdivia and Valparaíso). Chile has an embassy in Vienna and 3 honorary consulates (in Linz, Klagenfurt and Salzburg).
History.
In 1991, Minister of Foreign Affairs Enrique Silva Cimma was the first Chilean Chancellor to pay an official visit to Austria.
In 1993, Chancellor Franz Vranitzky was the first Chancellor of Austria to pay an official visit to Chile.
Since 1999, the bilateral relations were intensified in the context of the bi-regional LAC-EU process.
In 2008, Chancellor of Austria Alfred Gusenbauer paid an official visit to Chile.
Austrian immigration to Chile.
In the 19th century, famines in Europe and the expulsion of Protestants from Austria led to waves of Austrian immigration to Latin America. A notable settlement of Tyrolean Protestants in Chile is Los Bajos, Frutillar, in the Llanquihue Province.
The town of Nueva Braunau near Puerto Varas was named in 1875 by Austro-Hungarian settlers after today's Broumov ().
Chilean coup d'état.
As a consequence of the Chilean coup d'état, in 1973 about 1,500 Chilean refugees came to Vienna. In May 2006, the President of Chile Michelle Bachelet met with hundreds of members of the Chilean Viennese community at the Rathaus, Vienna.

</doc>
<doc id="19933801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933801" title="Going My Way (TV series)">
Going My Way (TV series)

Going My Way is an American comedy-drama series starring dancer and actor Gene Kelly. Based on the 1944 film of the same name starring Bing Crosby, the series aired on ABC with new episodes from October 3, 1962 to April 24, 1963. The program was Kelly's first and only attempt at a weekly television series. The series was canceled after one season of thirty episodes. 
The series was produced by Revue Studios (now Universal Television), as parent company MCA owned the rights to the original film through its subsidiary, EMKA, Ltd., which in 1957 bought "Going My Way" and many other pre-1950 sound feature films from Paramount Pictures.
Synopsis.
Kelly stars as Father Chuck O'Malley, a Roman Catholic priest who is sent to St. Dominic's Parish located in a lower-class section of New York City. Leo G. Carroll co-starred as the elderly pastor, Father Fitzgibbons, the Barry Fitzgerald role in the film. Dick York, later of "Bewitched", portrayed Chuck's boyhood friend, Tom Colwell, the director of a secular neighborhood youth center. Nydia Westman played Mrs. Featherstone, the housekeeper of the rectory. Episodes focus on Father O'Malley's attempts to connect with the congregation and his relationship with the elderly Father Fitzgibbons.
The failure of the series to enter a second season is usually attributed to its competition, particularly "The Beverly Hillbillies". "Going My Way" was also scheduled opposite the final season of "The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis" on CBS and the last third of James Drury's 90-minute western, "The Virginian", on NBC. Aired at 8:30 p.m. Eastern time on Wednesdays, "Going My Way" followed the western series "Wagon Train" on the ABC schedule. The program itself was followed on ABC by the sitcom, "Our Man Higgins", starring Stanley Holloway, Frank Maxwell, and Audrey Totter.
DVD release.
On December 6, 2011, Timeless Media Group released "Going My Way: The Complete Series" on DVD in Region 1 for the very first time.

</doc>
<doc id="19933835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933835" title="Derick Close">
Derick Close

Derek Close (born 13 May 1927 in Bowes, County Durham, England) was a former international motorcycle speedway rider reached the final of Speedway World Championship in 1952.
Career.
Close started his career with the Middlesbrough Bears in 1947 followed by a short spell on loan with the Newcastle Diamonds at the start of 1948. He returned to the Bears and established himself in the team. In 1949 he rejoined Newcastle where he spent the next three seasons before joining the Lanarkshire Eagles mid season in 1951.
The 1952 season proved to be the best of his career after receiving a call up to ride for England despite riding in National League Division Two, having never ridden in the top flight. He also reached the final of the Speedway World Championship. In 1953 he suffered a fractured skull and although he rode well again in 1954 he suffered a drop in form after joining the Leicester Hunters in 1955 and retired at the end of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="19933836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933836" title="Return of Shanghai Joe">
Return of Shanghai Joe

Return of Shanghai Joe () is a 1975 Italian Western film directed by Bitto Albertini and starring Klaus Kinski.
Plot.
The medicine show man Bill Cannon gives refuge to the bandit Pedro Gomez, who is wounded by the men of Barnes. Before dying, Gomez suggests that Cannon should bring in his body to collect bounty. Bill is subsequently robbed by Barnes' men, but they are stopped with kung fu fighting by the Chinese Shanghai Joe. Cannon steals his horse, but Joe follows and convinces him that they should be friends.
In town Joe helps Cannon at gambling and force a bartender to eat crooked dice. Cannon helps Joe at an ambush by Barnes' men, and later helps him escape when he is to be lynched on a trumped up charge. They get support from the judge. The two men attack Barnes’ ranch and the latter is killed by Cannon in a fight on top of a cliff.
When it is disclosed that Joe is a federal agent Cannon at first leaves in disgust, but then he comes back and they leave together. 

</doc>
<doc id="19933838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933838" title="Golden Wind">
Golden Wind

Golden Wind may refer to

</doc>
<doc id="19933841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933841" title="TinyWebGallery">
TinyWebGallery

The TinyWebGallery (TWG) is a photo album / gallery released under a modified Open Source license GPL. It is a server based gallery script for images which uses Ajax, PHP, XML and the graphic library Gdlib / ImageMagick.
History.
TinyWebGallery is written by Michael Dempfle and was first released on 24 February 2005. It is based on a small image script that was developed from Rainer Hungershausen and Mogh.
In April 2006 the project moved to the current domain and was listed as 3rd most popular php script on hotscripts.com this time.
Currently the project is developed by Michael Dempfle and supported by ~40 translators and an active community.
The TinyWebGallery has also released a standalone version of Flash Uploader on 15 August 2006 as 'TWG Flash Uploader'. This uploader is also available as Joomla component since 1 August 2007 for Joomla 1.0.x till 3.2.x. The latest version of TFU/JFU is 3.1 (3. October 2013). TFU is now integrated in the TinyWebGallery itself starting from 1.8.6 and later.
The latest current release version is 1.9 (4 April 2013).
Overview.
The user interface offers different Ajax and Html modes and can be customized by skins or an integrated color manager.
The image gallery can be configured by an administration area and it is possible to customize each individual album by text files. Files can be uploaded with the integrated freeware TWG Flash Uploader. 
TinyWebGallery includes the follow features
License.
The license is a modified GPL. Two paragraphs are added to manage the copyright notice:
TWG may be used and modified free of charge for personal and commercial use as long as the copyright notice at the bottom of the gallery stays intact. If you want to remove the copyright notice you can get a license at the web site http://www.tinywebgallery.com

</doc>
<doc id="19933842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933842" title="Gavambhodi">
Gavambhodi

Gavambodhi (pronounced gavāmbōdhi, meanin "The teacher of the cows") is a rāgam in Carnatic music (musical scale of South Indian classical music). It is the 43rd "Melakarta" rāgam in the 72 "melakarta" rāgam system of Carnatic music. It is called ' or ' in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music.
Structure and Lakshana.
It is the 1st rāgam in the 8th "chakra Vasu". The mnemonic name is "Vasu-Pa". The mnemonic phrase is "sa ra gi mi pa dha na". Its structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see "swaras in Carnatic music" for details on below notation and terms):
As it is a "melakarta" rāgam, by definition it is a "sampoorna" rāgam (has all seven notes in ascending and descending scale). It is the "prati madhyamam" equivalent of "Senavati", which is the 7th "melakarta".
"Janya" rāgams.
"Gavambodhi" has a few minor "janya" rāgams (derived scales) associated with it. See List of "janya" rāgams for all "janya" rāgams associated with "Gavambodhi".
Compositions.
A few compositions set to "Gavambodhi" are:
Related rāgams.
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
"Gavambodhi's" notes when shifted using "Graha bhedam", yields a minor "melakarta" rāgam "Hatakambari". "Graha bhedam" is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the "shadjam" to the next note in the rāgam. For further details and an illustration refer "Graha bhedam on Hatakambari".

</doc>
<doc id="19933858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933858" title="United States Post Office (Douglas, Wyoming)">
United States Post Office (Douglas, Wyoming)

The Dougals Main Post Office in Douglas, Wyoming, United States, was built in 1909 as part of a facilities improvement program by the United States Post Office Department. The post office in Douglas was nominated to the National Register of Historic Places as part of a thematic study comprising twelve Wyoming post offices built to standardized USPO plans in the early twentieth century.

</doc>
<doc id="19933860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933860" title="Electro dance">
Electro dance

Electro dance (otherwise known as Tecktonik and Milky Way) is a frenetic and quirky form of street dance which is typically performed to electro house music. It is based on, although is not limited to, a blend of different dance styles, such as industrial dance, moroccan chaabi, disco, vogue, waacking, hip-hop and freehand glowsticking. It started in the 2000s and originated from the southern suburbs of Paris, France, mainly from the Metropolis nightclubs and has grown around the world. Fast-paced techno and electro house music imported from Northern Europe is the usual choice for Tecktonik dancing.
Electro dance is predominantly about arm movement, taking basic elements from glowsticking such as the concept of Freehand, the Figure 8 and the idea of the Leading Hand (one hand geometrically following the other), while staying very much in a disco taste, by amplifying points and poses as a main aspect to this style. Down below electro dancers tend to use their hips, knees and feet to gently shuffle across the floor in beat to the music, quite often in a random and jerky fashion. They also tend to include elements of toprock, b-boy-like footwork, lending to the hip hop-like influences in a lot of the electro house music. 
The term "Tecktonik" is a registered trademark that began in Paris, and this has created issues for dance events or other uses of the name. The creators of the Tecktonik brand (most notably Cyril Blanc, the artistic director of Metropolis) sell official products, such as clothes, Matts CDs, and energy drinks.
History.
In 2002, Cyril Blanc and Alexandre Barouzdin organized "Tecktonik Killer" parties under their project called "Tecktonik Events" whose purpose was to promote in France two styles of music which originated in Belgium and The Netherlands: hardstyle and jumpstyle. This project foresaw, in the Metropolis nightclub, the creation of three types of parties where DJs from the hardstyle genre would meet: "Blackout" evenings, "Electro Rocker" evenings and "Tecktonik Killer" evenings. Cyril explained that the name "Tecktonik" is a pun on the theory of tectonic plates. 
Along with tecktonik killer parties, Cyril and Alexandre created, with the help of designers and sales staff, symbols that would surround the phenomenon: neon colors, mittens, tight clothing, etc. Given the success of these evenings, Cyril Blanc filed applications for "Tecktonik" and "TCK" trademarks at the National Industrial Property Institute (INPI), and internationally in 2007, to prevent other clubs from promoting their parties using those words. A number of products were then developed and marketed using these brand names, including clothing and an energy drink. Two other clubs in Paris then took over the Metropolis club; the Mix Club and the Red Light. 
Tecktonik has enjoyed increasing success and has spread to France through gatherings in the street and videos available on the Internet. During 2007, mainstream media took interest in the phenomenon, further contributing to its spreading. The dance is known to the general public through its appearance in videos, including "Alive" by Mondotek, "A cause des Garçons" of Yelle, "Sucker" of Dim Chris or artists such as Lorie. In September 2007, the Techno Parade raised the visibility of Tecktonik.
In November 2007, TF1 became the official international agency for Tecktonik, with the goal of promoting the brand outside France.
Clubs must obtain permission from Cyril Blanc and Alexandre Barouzdin to use the term "Tecktonik" or "TCK".

</doc>
<doc id="19933868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933868" title="2004–05 Divizia B">
2004–05 Divizia B

The 2004–05 Divizia B was the 65th season of Divizia B, the second tier of the Romanian football league system. It was the second in this format (three series of 16 teams each).
The first team from each series was promoted at the end of the season to the Divizia A, while the bottom three were relegated to the Divizia C.

</doc>
<doc id="19933873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933873" title="Austria–Ukraine relations">
Austria–Ukraine relations

Austria–Ukraine relations (, ) are foreign relations between Austria and Ukraine. Both countries established diplomatic relations in 1992. The Treaty of Brest-Litovsk in 1918 became the first major international document with the Austrian nation.
Historically, a big portion of West Ukraine (Galicia and Carpathia) were part of the Austro-Hungarian Empire, today consisting of: Lviv Oblast, Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast, Ternopil Oblast, Chernivtsi Oblast and Zakarpattia Oblast. During the World War I Ukraine was occupied by the Central powers military force (including the Austrian military) that drove Bolsheviks out of the country.
Austria has an embassy in Kiev and 3 honorary consulates (in Donetsk, Kharkiv and Lviv). Ukraine has an embassy in Vienna and 2 honorary consulates (in Klagenfurt and Salzburg).
In October 1998, the President of Ukraine Leonid Kuchma paid a state visit to Austria.
In May 2000, the President of Austria Thomas Klestil paid a state visit to Ukraine.

</doc>
<doc id="19933880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933880" title="Motorola Profile 300e">
Motorola Profile 300e

The Motorola Profile 300e is a mobile phone that was manufactured by Motorola in 1996. 
The Profile had the Motorola MicroTAC's battery and antenna. The "e" at the end of the name means that it had all of the special features as well as extended display. The phone had a "slim" 6V Nickel-Metal Hydride battery and a regular battery. With the slim battery, the phone was about an inch thick. It had a built-in antenna that was 5 inches long. 
For making calls, the phone had a SND button, and to end calls it had an end button. The Profile was not a very popular 
cell phone.
Other Buttons.
Other buttons on the Profile 300e were: RCL, STO, CLR, FCN, and up and down buttons for volume. 
Display.
The Profile 300e had an LED Display with 3 signal icons, 3 battery icons, an NS 
icon (No Service), an IU icon (In Use), and RM (Roaming). It had a 10-number display. When the 
phone was turned on, the screen would simply say "On". If the phone was locked it would say 
"Loc'd". When the phone was locked, the code was a 3-digit number -- by default 1-2-3, or if not, the last 
three digits in the phone's number.
Features.
The phone had 9 optional ringtones, an auto lock function, multikey answer (so you could answer with any key), a special emergency call option, an Auto Answer function (after two rings the phone would automatically answer itself), and several other features common on older Motorola phones. 

</doc>
<doc id="19933900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933900" title="Austria–Georgia relations">
Austria–Georgia relations

Austria–Georgia relations are foreign relations between Austria and Georgia. Both countries established diplomatic relations in 1992 and Georgia opened its Embassy in Vienna in 1996. Austria is represented in Georgia through a non resident ambassador based in Vienna, and through an honorary consulate in Tbilissi. Georgia has an embassy in Vienna and an honorary consulate in Graz.
History.
At the end of World War I, Austria-Hungary was, together with the other central powers, the German Empire and the Ottoman Empire, one of the first and only nations that recognized the independence of the short-lived Democratic Republic of Georgia in 1918. The first ambassador was Georg von und zu Franckenstein.
During the 2008 South Ossetia war, Austrian Foreign Minister Ursula Plassnik urged "Russia to respect the territorial integrity of Georgia, considering the UN resolution." She also said that Russia's military intervention in Georgia had seriously undermined its credibility as a reliable partner of the West.
Bilateral agreements.
The following bilateral agreements are in place:
Official visits.
The following occurred:

</doc>
<doc id="19933903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933903" title="National Association of Green Agents and Brokers">
National Association of Green Agents and Brokers

The National Association of Green Agents and Brokers (NAGAB) is a non-profit organization founded in 2005 by Toronto real estate broker, Elden Freeman. NAGAB claims to have over 31,000 affiliate members.
NAGAB offers two real estate professional designations: Accredited Green Agent (AGA) and Accredited Green Broker (AGB). One of NAGAB's goals is to develop a nationally recognized green real estate home-rating system for resale homes, similar to the EnerGuide rating for new homes.

</doc>
<doc id="19933925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933925" title="United States Post Office (Greybull, Wyoming)">
United States Post Office (Greybull, Wyoming)

The Greybull Main Post Office in Greybull, Wyoming was built in 1937 as part of a facilities improvement program by the United States Post Office Department. The post office in Greybull was nominated to the National Register of Historic Places as part of a thematic study comprising twelve Wyoming post offices built to standardized USPO plans in the early twentieth century.

</doc>
<doc id="19933928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933928" title="Balcarres">
Balcarres

Balcarres may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19933951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933951" title="These Days Will Fade">
These Days Will Fade

These Days Will Fade is an EP by the American post-hardcore band Moments in Grace. The EP was released on March 23, 2004 through Atlantic Records.

</doc>
<doc id="19933952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933952" title="The Net (1975 film)">
The Net (1975 film)

The Net () is a 1975 West German drama film directed by Manfred Purzer and starring Heinz Bennent. 

</doc>
<doc id="19933958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933958" title="Bhavapriya">
Bhavapriya

Bhavapriya (meaning "The one dear to Bhava (Shiva)") is a rāgam (musical scale) in Carnatic music (South Indian classical music). It is the 44th "Melakarta" rāgam in the 72 "melakarta" rāgam system of Carnatic music.
It is called Bhavāni in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music.
Structure and Lakshana.
It is the 2nd rāgam in the 8th "chakra Vasu". The mnemonic name is "Vasu-Sri". The mnemonic phrase is "sa ra gi mi pa dha ni". Its structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see "swaras in Carnatic music" for details on below notation and terms):
As it is a "melakarta" rāgam, by definition it is a "sampoorna" rāgam (has all seven notes in ascending and descending scale). It is the "prati madhyamam" equivalent of "Hanumatodi" (also known as "Todi"), which is the 8th "melakarta".
Janya Rāgams.
"Bhavapriya" has a minor "janya" rāgam (derived scale) associated with it. See List of "Janya" rāgams for full list of "janya" rāgams associated with "Bhavapriya" and other "melakarta" rāgams.
Compositions.
A few compositions set to "Bhavapriya" are:
Related rāgams.
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
"Bhavapriya's" notes when shifted using "Graha bhedam", yields two other minor "melakarta" rāgams, namely, "Vagadheeswari" and "Naganandini". Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the "shadjam" to the next note in the rāgam. For further details and an illustration refer "Graha bhedam on Naganandini.

</doc>
<doc id="19933967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933967" title="Austria–France relations">
Austria–France relations

Austrian-French relations are foreign relations between Austria and France. Both countries have diplomatic relations since the Middle Ages. Austria has an embassy in Paris, a general consulate in Strasbourg and 7 honorary consulates (in Ajaccio, Bordeaux, Lille, Lyon, Marseille, Nice, Papeete and Toulouse). France has an embassy in Vienna and 6 honorary consulates (in Bregenz, Groß Sankt Florian, Innsbruck, Klagenfurt, Linz and Salzburg).
Both countries are full members of the European Union.

</doc>
<doc id="19933974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933974" title="Are You Okay?">
Are You Okay?

Are You Okay? is the fourth album by art-funk ensemble Was (Not Was). It was released in 1990.
Track listing.
All tracks composed by David Was and Don Was; except where indicated.

</doc>
<doc id="19933980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933980" title="United States Post Office (Newcastle, Wyoming)">
United States Post Office (Newcastle, Wyoming)

The Newcastle Main Post Office in Newcastle, Wyoming was built in 1932 as part of a facilities improvement program by the United States Post Office Department. The post office in Newcastle was nominated to the National Register of Historic Places as part of a thematic study comprising twelve Wyoming post offices built to standardized USPO plans in the early twentieth century.

</doc>
<doc id="19933987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933987" title="Tales of Magic and Mystery">
Tales of Magic and Mystery

Tales of Magic and Mystery is a 1985 anthology of 11 fairy tales from around the world that have been collected and retold by Ruth Manning-Sanders. It is one in a long series of such anthologies by Manning-Sanders.

</doc>
<doc id="19933992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19933992" title="Austria–Switzerland relations">
Austria–Switzerland relations

Austrian–Swiss relations refer to the foreign relations between Austria and Switzerland. Both countries have had diplomatic relations since the Middle Ages. The Habsburgs, who ruled Austria for more than six centuries, are originally from Aargau, Switzerland. Austria has an embassy in Bern, a general consulate in Zürich and seven honorary consulates (in Basel, Chur, Geneva, Lausanne, Lugano, Lucerne and St. Gallen). Switzerland has an embassy in Vienna and six honorary consulates (in Bregenz, Graz, Innsbruck, Klagenfurt, Linz, and Salzburg). Together, both countries organized the Euro Cup 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19934002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934002" title="Evanston Main Post Office">
Evanston Main Post Office

The Evanston Main Post Office in Evanston, Wyoming was built in 1905 as part of a facilities improvement program by the United States Post Office Department. The post office in Evanston was nominated to the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) as part of a thematic study comprising twelve Wyoming post offices built to standardized USPO plans in the early twentieth century. It was NRHP-listed as U.S. Post Office-Evanston Main.

</doc>
<doc id="19934003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934003" title="Theodore von Karman Medal">
Theodore von Karman Medal

The Theodore von Karman Medal in Engineering Mechanics is awarded annually to an individual in recognition of his distinguished achievement in engineering mechanics, applicable to any branch of civil engineering. This award was established and endowed in 1960 in honor of Theodore von Kármán by the Engineering Mechanics Division of the American Society of Civil Engineers.

</doc>
<doc id="19934004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934004" title="Lodha Bellissimo">
Lodha Bellissimo

Lodha Bellissimo is a tower currently topped out located in Mumbai, India developed by Lodha Group of Mumbai. When completed, the tower would be the second tallest residential tower in India, with a height of 222 meters. Expected floor count is 53 floors. The construction is expected to be completed by late 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19934007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934007" title="Waackaack Rear Range Light">
Waackaack Rear Range Light

The Waackaack Rear Range Light was built in 1856. It stood about tall. Although it stood near the water’s edge, it was the rear range light in conjunction with the Point Comfort Light on the beach. The light's main purpose was to guide vessels coming into the Raritan Bay. It was initially made of wood, but was replaced in the 1860s by an iron tower.
History.
In 1883 a high-powered electric lamp was installed that was magnified by a glass lens. Preparations were made to replace the light-tower beginning in 1891. The tower built for use at the Waackaack Rear Range Light Station was part of the United States Lighthouse Board's exhibit at the World's Columbian Exposition held in Chicago in 1893. This lighthouse was built of iron rings, and as the site for the lighthouse was not ready for its erection at the time the light tower was completed, it became possible for the lighthouse to become an exhibit at the Exposition.
When the Borough of Keansburg officially incorporated as a Borough in 1917, it adopted the outline of the Waackaack Range Light as its seal. By the end of the 1950s the lighthouse was dismantled and sold for scrap.

</doc>
<doc id="19934032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934032" title="Kjell A. Storeide">
Kjell A. Storeide

Kjell Arvid Storeide (born 1952) is a Norwegian businessperson.
He was the CEO of Stokke Gruppen from 1990 to 2004. He is the chairman of the board of Innovation Norway and Rem Offshore, and a member of the board of Aker ASA, Salmar ASA and Investinor (formerly known as Statens Investeringsselskap). He is a former member of the board of the Norwegian Industrial and Regional Development Fund, SND Invest, the Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise, the Federation of Norwegian Manufacturing Industries, and the Norwegian Food Research Institute (Matforsk).
When Storeide was appointed chairman of the board of Innovation Norway in 2006, this was criticized by the political opposition. Conservative politician Børge Brende cited that companies in which Storeide was an owner or board member had received NOK 35 million from Innovation Norway over the past two years.
Storeide hails from Stranda, and lives in Ålesund.

</doc>
<doc id="19934036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934036" title="United States Post Office (Kemmerer, Wyoming)">
United States Post Office (Kemmerer, Wyoming)

The Kemmerer Main Post Office in Kemmerer, Wyoming was built in 1934 as part of a facilities improvement program by the United States Post Office Department. The post office in Kemmerer was nominated to the National Register of Historic Places as part of a thematic study comprising twelve Wyoming post offices built to standardized USPO plans in the early twentieth century.

</doc>
<doc id="19934039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934039" title="The Whetstone of Witte">
The Whetstone of Witte

The Whetstone of Witte is the shortened title of Robert Recorde's mathematics book published in 1557, the full title being The Whetstone of Witte, whiche is the seconde parte of Arithmeteke: containing the extraction of rootes; the cossike practise, with the rule of equation; and the workes of Surde Nombers. The book covers topics including whole numbers, the extraction of roots and irrational numbers. The work is notable for containing the first recorded use of the equals sign and also for being the first book in English to use the plus and minus signs.
Recordian notation for exponentiation, however, differed from the later Cartesian notation formula_1. Recorde expressed indices and surds larger than 3 in a systematic form based on the prime factorization of the exponent: a factor of two he termed a "zenzic", and a factor of three, a "cubic". Recorde termed the larger prime numbers appearing in this factorization "sursolids", distinguishing between them by use of ordinal numbers: that is, he defined 5 as the "first sursolid" and 7 as the "second sursolid".
He also devised symbols for these factors: a zenzic was denoted by z, and a cubic by &. For instance, he referred to "p8=p2×2×2" as "p"zzz (the zenzizenzizenzic of "p"), and "q12=q2×2×3" as "q"zz& (the zenzizenzicubic of "q").

</doc>
<doc id="19934042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934042" title="Jack the Ripper (1976 film)">
Jack the Ripper (1976 film)

Jack the Ripper () is a 1976 German thriller film directed by Jesús Franco and starring Klaus Kinski. In this Swiss-German film Klaus Kinski portrays Jack the Ripper.

</doc>
<doc id="19934053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934053" title="Matching Tye">
Matching Tye

Matching Tye is a village which forms part of the civil parish of Matching, in the County of Essex, England. It is located 2.3 miles (3.7 km) east of Harlow, 2.9 Miles (4.8 km) southeast of Sawbridgeworth and 6.3 miles (10.4 km) northeast of Epping.

</doc>
<doc id="19934069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934069" title="Buffalo Main Post Office">
Buffalo Main Post Office

The Buffalo Main Post Office in Buffalo, Wyoming was built in 1911 as part of a facilities improvement program by the United States Post Office Department. The post office in Buffalo was nominated to the National Register of Historic Places as part of a thematic study comprising twelve Wyoming post offices built to standardized USPO plans in the early twentieth century.

</doc>
<doc id="19934070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934070" title="Marcy Dam">
Marcy Dam

Marcy Dam is a wooden dam on the Marcy Brook in the Adirondack High Peaks in North Elba, New York, USA; it impounds Marcy Dam Pond. It can be reached only by hiking; it lies 2.1 miles from the Adirondack Loj at an elevation of surrounded by Whales Tail Mountain, Wright Peak, Algonquin Peak, Avalanche Mountain, Mount Colden, TR Mountain, and Phelps Mountain. 
Marcy Dam is a popular camping spot for hikers in the high peaks. The New York State Department of Environmental Conservation maintains an Interior Outpost on the western shore. There are a number of campsites and lean-tos in the area, and trails lead from the dam to most of the high peaks; Mount Marcy is 3.5 miles to the southeast.
During Hurricane Irene, the dam was damaged due to flooding and the pond was partially drained. The trail that went over the dam has been rerouted downstream.

</doc>
<doc id="19934083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934083" title="Rock Island Swing Bridge">
Rock Island Swing Bridge

The Rock Island Swing Bridge was a swing bridge that spanned the Mississippi River between Inver Grove Heights, Minnesota and St. Paul Park, Minnesota. It was also known as the Newport Rail Bridge, as it had a spur to Newport, Minnesota, and J.A.R. bridge. after previous owners Joan and Al Roman of Chicago. It was one of the few double-decker bridges on the Mississippi, with the top level formerly used for railroad traffic and the bottom level formerly used as a road crossing. It also was one of a few toll bridges in Minnesota, and one of the last remaining ones. It closed to rail traffic in 1980, and road traffic in 1999, when the toll was 75 cents. After closing, the bridge sat dormant in the open position for 10 years before being partially demolished in 2009. It was converted into a recreational pier which opened to the public on June 11, 2011.
History.
It was built in 1895 by Pittsburgh Bridge Company. The bridge originally was built for the South St. Paul Beltline Railroad to connect stockyards in nearby South St. Paul, Minnesota to the mail rail lines of the Chicago, Burlington, and Quincy, and Milwaukee Road that run on the east bank of the Mississippi River in Washington County, Minnesota.
The bridge was formerly owned by the Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad until that line went bankrupt in 1980, first as a toll bridge until 1938, then as a free bridge. After that, local automotive traffic had to detour north to the Wakota Bridge or south to the Hastings High Bridge. Until the first Wakota Bridge was built in 1959, it was the only Mississippi crossing between Downtown St. Paul and Hastings, Minnesota.
There is some evidence that gangster John Dillinger fled across the bridge into Inver Grove Heights after a running gun battle with Dakota County deputies in Newport and St. Paul Park.
Al Roman of Chicago bought the bridge and reopened it in 1982. This required special legislation for an individual to own a bridge, and it became one of the few toll bridges in Minnesota. In 1999, an inspection revealed that the bridge had a bad beam, and it was closed to automobile traffic ever since. The estimated replacement cost was at least $11 million. J.A.R Bridge, Inc eventually requested Washington County help fund a thorough inspection in hopes that a buyer could be found, but Washington County was not receptive to the idea, feeling that the bridge was so old there was no point putting any more money into it and if there was a need for a crossing in the area they should look at building a new one. At that point Roman owed $6500 in back taxes, with no prospect of being able to reopen he stopped paying taxes altogether and the bridge was seized. Washington County was given management in of the bridge in 2003. 
As of June 2006, Washington County, Minnesota, officials had studied the removal of the bridge. County engineer Don Theisen called the bridge "a rusty bucket of bolts" and said that it had been impeding barge traffic. Estimated removal costs were said to be $5 million.
The eastern span was adjacent to a large Marathon Oil refinery in Saint Paul Park. Washington County turned the eastern approach road over to the refinery, and it was soon blocked off. With the local construction of the Wakota Bridge project in Saint Paul Park and Newport, Washington County Roads 22 and 38 had their paths changed and now no longer approach the bridge. The local roads have also been changed, and gates now block the former streets leading to the area. There was the possibility of using part of the western fixed span as a pedestrian outlook of the river as it is near a proposed park, and public tours of the western span were held on October 25, 2008 to bring awareness to this issue. 
The bridge was set for demolition in Winter 2009/2010. However, on November 24, 2008, all access to the bridge was prohibited after a 200-foot segment of the eastern span collapsed onto the riverbank.
Within two months of the collapse on the eastern span, a contractor was quickly found to demolish it. Demolition of the bridge began on March 3, 2009. As it had already collapsed and in order to end the refinery's hassle of dealing with trespassers, the eastern span was quickly removed. Following the demolition of the eastern span, the swing span of the bridge was briefly closed for a few days, marking the first time in 10 years it was closed. Over the months of March and April the swing span was slowly demolished, leaving only the bridge closing mechanism in the river, following most of the western span. By the end of April, only two sections of the western span near the center of the river remained.
Last-ditch efforts began to save as much of the bridge as possible. In May 2009 a moratorium was put into effect prohibiting further demolition until May 2011.
After numerous fundraiser activities and other efforts to save the bridge, the remaining sections were to be turned into a recreational pier and the land around the bridge into a park. The completed project was planned to open in November 2010, but flooding halted work on the project.
Work was again put on hold on November 4, 2010 when the remaining two spans of the original bridge caught on fire, destroying the wood on the bridge. It took three and a half hours to put the fire out due to windy conditions. It was later revealed that sparks from welding caused the old railroad ties on the bridge to ignite and start a fire. The deck of the bridge was heavily damaged, but according to a few news reports the original steel structure was said to still be structurally sound.
Restoration work on the bridge resumed on November 8, 2010. The old decks of the bridge were removed and replaced with new ones. Despite the obstacles, a ribbon cutting ceremony was held on June 8, 2011 and the new pier and park opened to the public on June 11, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19934102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934102" title="Thermopolis Main Post Office">
Thermopolis Main Post Office

The Thermopolis Main Post Office in Thermopolis, Wyoming was built as part of a facilities improvement program by the United States Post Office Department. The post office in Thermopolis was nominated to the National Register of Historic Places as part of a thematic study comprising twelve Wyoming post offices built to standardized USPO plans in the early twentieth century.

</doc>
<doc id="19934103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934103" title="Royal Trust Bank v Buchler">
Royal Trust Bank v Buchler

Royal Trust Bank v Buchler BCLC 130 is a UK insolvency law case, which decided that before a creditor may enforce security, it must show it is appropriate to do so.
Facts.
Mr Buchler's company borrowed £500,000 from Royal Trust Bank. It purchased and refurbished some property to let it out again. The loan was secured by a charge entitling the bank to appoint a receiver. When an administrator was appointed, he decided it would be best to go ahead letting the property and then sell. Letting failed. The administrator decided to sell. The property got £850,000, and the bank sought leave under the Insolvency Act 1986 s.11(3) (see now, Schedule B) to enforce its security.
Judgment.
Peter Gibson J refused the bank leave. He held the bank failed to discharge its burden of showing a proper case to enforce security. The decision to delay the property's sale was a sound one, and if it was sold the bank could be paid in full. If the bank was allowed to appoint a receiver, costs would be increased, which would decrease assets available to all creditors.

</doc>
<doc id="19934113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934113" title="Autistic Society Of Trinidad And Tobago">
Autistic Society Of Trinidad And Tobago

The Autistic Society of Trinidad and Tobago is the sole NGO dedicated to families with individuals with autism in Trinidad and Tobago. It was founded in May 1990 by a few families as a support group. The president is Teresina Sieunarine, a former school teacher,who together with a few families started the group. The first meetings were held at the Kiwanis Club building at St. Helena Village, Piarco.
Location.
The office and headquaters are located at Autism Place,Ragoo Road, D'Abadie. 
Office hours are Mondays to Fridays from 9am to 3pm. 
Saturdays 10.30am to 12.30pm
New families can call the office to make appointments to meet parent support personnel and other parents for counselling and support.
Telephone 868-646-5506
Events.
General meetings are usually held every 4th Saturday in the month. Special events are Christmas party,Family Days, autism awareness programmes every April, sports and Fun day at PowerGen and parent training workshops.
Board members.
An election of board/executive members is held once a year. Current board members are:
They are all volunteers
Annual membership fee is minimum 20 TTD. 
The organisation is supported by donations, fund raising, etc. to keep it running.

</doc>
<doc id="19934119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934119" title="Carmen Guerrero Nakpil">
Carmen Guerrero Nakpil

Carmen Guerrero Nakpil (b. July 19, 1922) is a Filipino journalist, author, historian and public servant.
She was born in Ermita, Manila, into the Guerrero clan of that town, who were painters and poets, as well as scientists and doctors. 
Her paternal grandfather was Leon Maria Guerrero (b. January 21, 1853), pharmacist, botanist, member of the Malolos Congress and the First Philippine Assembly, who was likewise born in Ermita, Manila. He was the younger brother of Lorenzo Guerrero, the painter and mentor to Juan Luna. Dr. Jose P. Bantug referred to Leon Ma. Guerrero as the "Father of Philippine Botany", having classified and described hundreds of Filipino medicinal plants.
Her maternal grandfather was Gabriel Beato Francisco (b. March 18, 1850), Tagalog writer, journalist, novelist, playwright, born in Sampalok, then a town independent of Manila. Francisco's contribution to the development of Tagalog literature lies in the novel. Chronologically considered his "Cababalaghan ni P. Bravo" might be regarded as the first novel to be published in Tagalog literature. (This fact appears to be unknown to students and historians of Tagalog literature, not mentioned in Inigo Ed. Regalado's "Ang Pagkaunlad ng Nobelang Tagalog" (1939). Secondly, Francisco was responsible for introducing the historical genre in the beginning and early development of the Tagalog novel.
Parents were the prominent doctor Alfredo Guerrero and Filomena Francisco, who was celebrated as one of the Philippines' first female pharmacists.
She studied at St. Theresa's College, Manila and graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1942. Between 1946 and 2006, she worked as either staff member, editor or editorial columnist at the Evening News, The Philippines Herald, the Manila Chronicle (where she had a daily column for 12 years), the Manila Times, Asia magazine, and Malaya, in addition to contributing lectures, essays, short stories to other publications in the Philippines and the rest of the world. She has published a total of ten books : Woman Enough, A Question of Identity, History Today, The Philippines and the Filipinos, The Rice Conspiracy (a novel), the Centennial Reader and Whatever; as well as a wildly successful autobiographical trilogy Myself, Elsewhere; Legends & Adventures; and Exeunt.
In the 1960s, she served as Chairman of the Philippine National Historical Commission and in the 1990s, the Manila Historical Commission, and director-general of the Technology Resource Center from 1975 to 1985. She was elected to the Executive Board of the UNESCO, Paris in 1983 by popular vote of the international assembly.
Mrs. Nakpil was married to Lt. Ismael A. Cruz in 1942 and to architect and city planner Angel E. Nakpil in 1950 and was widowed twice. She has five children, Gemma Cruz Araneta, Ismael G. Cruz, Ramon Guerrero Nakpil, Lisa Guerrero Nakpil, and Luis Guerrero Nakpil, two step-daughters Nina Nakpil Campos and Carmina Nakpil Dualan, numerous grandchildren and a few great-grandchildren.
Her family includes her brother, lawyer and diplomat, León María Guerrero, best known for his translations of Rizal's two novels, Noli Me Tangere and El Filibusterismo, as well as the prize-winning work on Jose Rizal, The First Filipino: her second brother Mario X. Guerrero, was one of the country's first foreign-trained cardiologists. Other well-known Guerreros include the poet and revolutionary Fernando María Guerrero and Dr. Manuel Guerrero and Dr. Luis Guerrero, both eminent physicians. Cousin Wilfrido María Guerrero was a playwright and stage director.

</doc>
<doc id="19934128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934128" title="United States Post Office (Torrington, Wyoming)">
United States Post Office (Torrington, Wyoming)

The Torrington Main Post Office in Torrington, Wyoming was built in 1932 as part of a facilities improvement program by the United States Post Office Department. The post office in Torrington was nominated to the National Register of Historic Places as part of a thematic study comprising twelve Wyoming post offices built to standardized USPO plans in the early twentieth century.

</doc>
<doc id="19934161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934161" title="United States Post Office and Courthouse (Lander, Wyoming)">
United States Post Office and Courthouse (Lander, Wyoming)

The U.S. Post Office and Courthouse in Lander, Wyoming was built in 1907 as part of a facilities improvement program by the United States Post Office Department. The post office in Lander was nominated to the National Register of Historic Places as part of a thematic study comprising twelve Wyoming post offices built to standardized USPO plans in the early twentieth century. Lander's post office is unique among the group because it incorporates court facilities.

</doc>
<doc id="19934163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934163" title="Bhai Bahen">
Bhai Bahen


</doc>
<doc id="19934176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934176" title="Military ranks of China">
Military ranks of China

Military ranks of China can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19934180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934180" title="Higashigotanda, Shinagawa, Tokyo">
Higashigotanda, Shinagawa, Tokyo

Higashigotanda borders Kamiōsaki, Shinagawa and Shirokanedai, Minato on the north, Takanawa, Minato on the east, Kitashinagawa, Shinagawa on the southeast, Ōsaki, Shinagawa (across Meguro River) on the south, and Nishigotanda, Shinagawa (across JR Yamanote Line) on the west.
Gotanda Station is located in Higashigotanda 1-chōme.
Higashigotanda has several well-known upper-class residential districts including and , which roughly correspond to Higashigotanda 3-chōme and 5-chōme, respectively.
Higashigotanda is home to two private universities. Seisen University is located in Higashigotanda 3-chōme, and Tokyo Health Care University is located in Higashigotanda 4-chōme.

</doc>
<doc id="19934190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934190" title="Anne Wilson (artist)">
Anne Wilson (artist)

Anne Wilson (born 1949) is a Chicago-based visual artist. Wilson creates sculpture, drawings, Internet projects, photography, performance, and DVD stop motion animations employing table linens, bed sheets, human hair, lace, thread and wire. Her work extends the traditional processes of Fiber art (techniques such as stitching, crocheting, and knitting) to other media. Wilson is a professor in the Department of Fiber and Material Studies at The School of the Art Institute of Chicago.
Life and work.
Anne Wilson was born in Detroit, Michigan in 1949. At 15, she attended George School, a Quaker boarding school in Pennsylvania, where she received training in feminist theory and the philosophies of passive resistance through the study of Gandhi's teachings on non-violent politics. In her later research, Wilson remarked that her lessons at George School, especially Gandhi's exhortation to all Indians that they must practice spinning—for social, political, economic and spiritual reasons—profoundly influenced her life and artistic practice.
Anne Wilson's artwork explores personal and public practices of ritual and social systems, ideas of de-construction and re-construction in both microcosmic and macrocosmic worlds of public and private architecture, as well as themes of time and loss.
Wilson received a B.F.A. from the Cranbrook Academy of Art and a M.F.A. from the California College of the Arts (CCA) where she pursued interdisciplinary studies in the visual arts. At CCA, Wilson developed an understanding of art within a cultural context, a way of thinking emphasized by CCA instructor, art historian and anthropologist Dr. Ruth Boyer. Subsequently, Wilson’s graduate research focused on temporary textile architecture such as the Zulu indlu and the Sub-Saharan African black tent. For Wilson these interests intersected with the popular concerns of generative systems, such as the methods being pioneered by artist Buckminster Fuller. During this time, Wilson was also influenced by the international art fabric movement, including artists such as Magdalena Abakanowicz, Olga de Amaral, and Ed Rossbach.
During the 1970s while living in Berkeley, California, Wilson argued for the contemporary relevance of fiber and textile processes alongside more conventional fine art materials and techniques. Wilson began using hair as a fiber material in place of thread in 1988. Her works such as "Hair Work" and "A Chronicle of Days" consist of daily stitching where the artist "stained" clean white scraps of cloth with small patches of hair-based needlework. Wilson began inviting audience participation with her project "Hairinquiry" (1996–1999). "Hairinquiry" collected responses to the questions: How does it feel to lose your hair? What does it mean to cut your hair? The project was later archived through an online website.
In 2002, Wilson began the series "Topologies" (2002-ongoing) at the Whitney Museum of American Art's Biennial exhibition. In "Topologies", expansive networks of found black lace are deconstructed to create large horizontal topographies. The structures are formed by Wilson from computer-mediated scans of lace fragments that are manipulated and re-materialized in lace by hand stitching. The form of "Topologies" is inspired by forms of physical and electronic networks, city structures, immateriality, biology and the urban sprawl.
In 2010, Wilson produced one of her most ambitious installations at the Knoxville Museum of Art in East Tennessee. "Local Industry", a central component of the exhibition "Anne Wilson: Wind/Rewind/Weave", was a site-specific installation as a collaborative "textile factory". From January 22 through April 25, 2010, visitors to the Knoxville Museum of Art worked together to produce a bolt of cloth. Wilson conceived of "Wind/Rewind/Weave" as a meditation on labor, acknowledging the specific geographic location of the Knoxville Museum of Art in the historical heartland of both hand weaving traditions and textile mill production in the United States. The "Local Industry" cloth, long, was on display at the Knoxville Museum of Art in 2011.
Exhibitions.
]
Collections.
Wilson's work is included in the collections of: 21st Century Museum of Contemporary Art, Kanazawa, Japan; Victoria & Albert Museum, London; Whitworth Art Gallery, Manchester, England; The Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York; Museum of Contemporary Art, Chicago; The Art Institute of Chicago; The M. H. de Young Memorial Museum, San Francisco; The Knoxville Museum of Art; The Detroit Institute of Arts; Cranbrook Art Museum, Bloomfield Hills, Michigan; Racine Art Museum, Racine, Wisconsin; Corning Museum of Glass, Corning, New York; Museum of Glass, International Center for Contemporary Art, Tacoma, Washington; Maxine and Stuart Frankel Foundation of Art, Bloomfield Hills, Michigan; Progressive Art Collection, Cleveland; The Illinois Collection of the State of Illinois Center, Chicago; Union League Club of Chicago; and LongHouse Reserve, East Hampton, New York.
Awards.
In 2012, Wilson received the NASAD Citation in recognition of a distinguished career in the visual arts, as well as a Distinguished Alumni Award from the Cranbrook Academy of Art and a Distinguished Artist Program award from the Union League Club of Chicago. Wilson has also received the following awards: Individual Artist Award from the Richard H. Driehaus Foundation, 2008; Artadia, The Fund for Art and Dialogue, Individual Artist Grant, 2001; Louis Comfort Tiffany Foundation Award, 1989; and the National Endowment for the Arts, Visual Arts Fellowships, 1988 and 1982.

</doc>
<doc id="19934201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934201" title="Old Webster Schoolhouse">
Old Webster Schoolhouse

Old Webster Schoolhouse, also known as Markleeville Schoolhouse is located at 135 School St., Markleeville, in Alpine County, California.
It was a meeting hall and school and, in 2005, when it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places was a museum.
The building is now part of the Alpine County Museum, a complex which includes the restored one-room schoolhouse, the museum, a log jail and a silver ore stamp mill. The museum is operated by the Alpine County Historical Society and is open seasonally.

</doc>
<doc id="19934223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934223" title="2006–07 New York Knicks season">
2006–07 New York Knicks season

The 2006–07 New York Knicks season was the 61st season for the team in the National Basketball Association (NBA). The Knicks finished with a 33–49 record, which placed them fourth in the Atlantic Division. For the third consecutive season, New York did not make the NBA Playoffs.

</doc>
<doc id="19934227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934227" title="Thomas Morrison (actor)">
Thomas Morrison (actor)

Thomas Morrison (born 1 January 1983 In Burnley, Lancashire) is an English actor. He has performed in theatre, TV and film. Best known perhaps for his appearances in "On the Shore of the Wide World" and as Scripps in Cast B and C of Alan Bennett's "The History Boys". working alongside Steven Webb and Matt Smith 
Biography.
Thomas was born in Burnley, Lancashire and attended the Guildhall School of Music and Drama, London for three years. After his graduation Thomas immediately landed the part of Danny Holden in the BBC Television Drama Blackpool, In 2011 - 2012 Thomas Morrison appeared in the ITV Television Drama Monroe as Lee Bradley the bed porter
Career.
Thomas Morrison gained his first television role in BBC One's "Blackpool" before stepping into theatre. His first appearance's include "Kes" and "On the Shore of the Wide World" at the Royal Exchange, Manchester before then moving with the latter to the National Theatre and then featuring as Scripps in Alan Bennett's "The History Boys" in Casts B and C. All 3 of his first theatre productions he appeared alongside co-star Steven Webb
His latest ventures include appearing in a small role in Sky One's adaptation of Terry Pratchett's "The Colour of Magic" in the same scene as Terry Pratchett himself; as well as playing Hooper in the 2008 film adaptation of Evelyn Waugh's "Brideshead Revisited".
Awards and recognition.
2006 Laurence Olivier Award for Best New Play: Cast member of "On the Shore of the Wide World"
2004 Royal Television Society Network Newcomer – On Screen, Nominee 

</doc>
<doc id="19934248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934248" title="50/50 Luv">
50/50 Luv

"50/50 Luv" is the 1995 debut single by rappers B.G. Knocc Out & Dresta from their debut album "Real Brothas".
Lyrics and music.
The lyrics deal with the street life, how it has changed people and turned friends against each other. It is also considered a dedication to B.G. Knocc and Dresta's deceased friend, gangsta rap pioneer Eazy-E.
The song contains an interpolation of "When Somebody Loves You Back" by Teddy Pendergrass.
Chart performances.
The song peaked at number 68 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks, 27 on Hot Rap Singles and five on Bubbling Under R&B/Hip-Hop Singles.

</doc>
<doc id="19934255" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934255" title="Mechanica">
Mechanica

Mechanica ("Mechanica sive motus scientia analytice exposita") is a two-volume work published by mathematician Leonhard Euler, which describes analytically the mathematics governing movement. He both developed the techniques of analysis and applied them to numerous problems in mechanics.

</doc>
<doc id="19934269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934269" title="Nishigotanda, Shinagawa, Tokyo">
Nishigotanda, Shinagawa, Tokyo

Nishigotanda borders Kamiōsaki and Higashigotanda, Shinagawa on the northeast; Ǒsaki, Shinagawa on the east; Togoshi and Hiratsuka, Shinagawa on the southeast; Ebara, Shinagawa on the south; Koyama, Shinagawa on the southwest; Koyamadai, Shinagawa on the west; and Shimomeguro, Meguro on the northwest.
Pola Cosmetics is headquartered in Nishigotanda.
Nishigotanda 7-chome is home to the 13-story commercial building Toc Building. It houses an exhibition hall, a conference room, and a number of shops, including Office Depot, Uniqlo, Natural Lawson, ABC-Mart, Shop99, and Orihica.

</doc>
<doc id="19934273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934273" title="Der Überlinger Hänsele">
Der Überlinger Hänsele

The Überlinger Hänsele is a famous carnival figure of the city of Überlingen am Bodensee, Germany.
The Hänsele is the main figure of the carnival in Überlingen. Only male citizens of Überlingen are allowed to appear with this carnival suit on. The first time the Hänsele appears is the Saturday evening before Ash Wednesday for the big "Hänsele Juck" (procession of the Hänsle through the old city of Überlingen). More than 1500 of these Hänsele entertain the audience along the street.
Appearance.
The character Hänsele appears on the Saturday and Sunday before Ash Wednesday. It also appears in July in connection with the Überlinger Schwerttanzkompanie (Sword dance company of Überlingen) at the second Schwedenprozession (a procession to commemorate the successful defense of the Swedish siege in the Thirty years War) on the second Sunday in July. Only one person at a time plays Hänsele, and he is involved in all civic celebrations; his identity usually remains anonymous. Hänsele's costume is noted for its colorful felted squares, its fox tail, and the women's perfume worn on the mask. In addition, Hänsele carries a heavy whip; prior to Fasnet, groups of uncostumed Hänseles gather in the market square to practice snapping their whips.
History.
In 1496, the Hänsele was first mentioned in a legislative ruling that banned people from wearing a devil suit, though it is unknown if that devil suit was similar in appearance to the modern Hänsele. In 1769, the Hänsele was named in connection with the carnival for the first time by the council of Überlingen. It is written there that it was forbidden to wear the Hänsele after the bedtime ringing of the church bells. In the council protocol of 1789, the Kabatsche was named and banned as well.

</doc>
<doc id="19934281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934281" title="Publius Aelius Aelianus">
Publius Aelius Aelianus

Aelianus (P. Aelius Aelianus) was a senior officer in the Roman Army in the mid-Third Century AD who rose from relatively lowly origins to become the prefect of a legion under the Emperor Gallienus He was one of the earliest beneficiaries of Gallienus’s policy that effectively excluded senators from army commands in favour of career-soldiers of equestrian rank. His later life is obscure. 
He was possibly "procurator" (i.e. Chief Financial Officer) of Epirus in the late-260s, but the foremost authorities query this identification. However, there are stronger grounds for believing that he was appointed a "praeses" (provincial governor of equestrian rank) ) in Africa, most likely under the Emperor Probus.
Sources.
The sum total of our knowledge of this man derives from five epigraph inscriptions from:
(a) A commemorative stone found in "Poetovio" in "Pannonia Superior" (now Ptuj in present-day Slovenia);
(b) The sarcophagus Aelianus dedicated to the memory of his parents found at Obuda, a district of modern Budapest on the west bank of the River Danube which was the site of "Aquincum Castrum", the base of "Legio II Adiutrix";
(c) An altar dedicated to "Herculi Augusti" - i.e. to the Majestic Hercules - from Szentendre, the site of "Ulcisia Castra" an auxiliary fortress 12 km north of "Aquincum";
(d) A stone from Photike in the Roman province of "Epirus", nowadays a province of Greece; and
(e). A stone from Zucchabar in Algeria, in the Roman province of "Mauritania Caesaensis".
The last four of these inscriptions are analysed in great detail by T. Nagy. This article largely reflects Prof. Nagy’s findings and conclusions.
Origins.
It is likely that Aelianus was born at "Aquincum" in "Pannonia Inferior" which, as noted above, was the base of "Legio II Adiutrix". His father was Martialis (P. Aelius) who had been a "Custos Armorum" (i.e. Warden of the Armoury) of "Legio II" (obviously he was described as "ex custode armorum" - i.e.'formerly Warden etc.' on his tomb) and his mother Fl. Agathe. 
The "gentilicum 'Aelius'" suggests that the family was either descended from one of the settlers who arrived in Pannonia in the century after the Roman conquest or from one of many native Pannonian clans that was given Roman citizenship when the future Emperor Hadrian was governor in the early years of the second century AD (around 106AD). If the Aelius ancestor was indeed enfranchised during the reign of Hadrian or his successeor, Antoninus Pius he would have taken the name of the imperial dynasty as his own "nomen" as was the custom of the day. Thus by this interpretation of the onomastics Aelianus’s clan had been Roman citizens for well over 100 years by the time he dedicated his parents’ sarcophagus and possibly more than 150 years and it is likely that the family had had connections with "Legio II" for generations.
Early career.
It can be safely assumed that, as a "castrensis" (i.e. 'Son of the Camp' - born of a serving soldier), Aelianus would have enlisted at the earliest age – i.e. 18-20 – probably in his father’s legion. It is likely that he would have risen "ex caliga" – i.e. 'from the ranks of those who wear hobnailed sandals' (the footwear of legionary rankers). However, given that patronage and influence were the major determinants of advancement in the Roman Army, it is not unreasonable to suppose that, as the son of a "principalis", Aelianus would have enjoyed some advantages "vis-à-vis" his fellow-recruits that would have helped promote his career.
Nevertheless, the inscriptions cited make it clear beyond all doubt that Aelianus showed himself a highly capable soldier and probably a lucky one as well who prospered in the conditions of crisis that prevailed on Rome’s northern frontiers in the middle years of the Third Century AD. 
Although he probably enlisted in "Legio II" and certainly commanded it at a high point of his career, he is unlikely to have served solely with that legion. Like many of the soldiers who rose to prominence in his era, it seems safer to postulate that he rose through the centurionate receiving progressively more senior postings in different legions before he achieved "primipilaris" status (i.e. had been promoted "primus pilus" of a legion and had served a year at that rank) and then continued his career as an equestrian officer
Apogée in the Balkans.
The first Aelianus inscription cited above is incomplete, but mentions an 'Aelius Aelianus', a man of "egregius" equestrian rank, who was the commander of detachments drawn from the four legions of the Pannonian provinces at "Poetovio", a highly strategic fortress commanding the approaches to Italy through the Julian Alps. Whether or not this Aelianus was that who is the subject of this article is uncertain. Prof. Nagy and Jones "et al." did not make the connection. However, Fitz believed that they were one and the same person). Fitz also suggests that the inscription is dated around about the early 260s AD - i.e. around the time that Gallienus recovered the region after the death of the usurper Regalianus.
Fitz's supposition that the Aelianus referred to was our Aelianus seems plausible, partly because: (i) it seems highly unlikely that there would have been two very senior officers of that name commissioning lapidary inscriptions in Pannonia within a very short period yet making no attempt to differentiate themselves from each other; and (ii) the "Poetovio" posting seems a highly probable career move for a man who was soon to be re-manifested as one of Gallienus's legionary prefects.
As the "Praefectus Legionis II Adiutricis" referred to on the "Aquincum" sarcophagus, Aelianus is likely to have been one of the earliest beneficiaries of Gallienus’s policy of excluding senators from army commands in favour of professional equestrian officers who would, more often than not, have risen from the ranks. Nagy points out that, as a non-senator, Aelianus would not have been given this posting prior to the Persian captivity in 260 AD of Gallienus’s father and senior Augustus, the Emperor Valerian. The measures that opened the legionary commands to equestrian officers were taken by Gallienus during his sole reign - possibly in 261 AD. Nor could he have been given it after 267 in which year we know that Valerius Marcellinus was in command of "Legio II". Nagy is inclined to ascribe Aelianus's promotion to the earlier part of this five year ’window’.
The "Ulcisia" altar describes the dedicator, P. Aelius Aelianus, as prefect of the Second legion, thus confirming that he was the same man as the one who had commissioned the sarcophagus of Martialis and Fl. Agatha. It adds the additional information that he was "protector nostri augusti Gallieni" – i.e. 'Protector of Our Majestic Lord Gallienus'. He was, thus, one of the earliest known recipients of that title. However, that the honorific should refer to 'Our Majestic Gallienus' rather than to 'Our Majestic Lords' (i.e. Valerian and Gallienus) as in the case of L. Petronius Taurus Volusianus shows that the inscription can be dated to the period of Gallienus's sole reign, but in the early part of that period when the honour was still awarded to senior officers rather than centurions as was later the case.(See Protectores Augusti Nostri. His possession of the title also suggests that when he commanded "Leg. II Adjutrix" that unit was brigaded with the Imperial "comitatus" rather than serving with the provincial garrison of "Pannonia Inferior" - its usual station during High Empire period 
More important, perhaps, the inscription states that he was "praefectus legionis agens vice legati" – i.e. 'Prefect of the Legion acting on behalf of the (senatorial) legate' who we know was never to be appointed. However, the use of this terminology - presumably a formula to ensure that the prefect had the legal authority of a legate - seems to throw doubt on the proposition advanced by many historians that Gallienus had always intended the removal of senators from legionary commands as a permanent reform as opposed to an expedient resorted to in the crisis following the captivity of Valerian that was never reversed. In other words, it suggests Aurelius Victor was mistaken when he said that Gallienus had issued an edict incorporating the change in law. If such a law had been promulgated the formula "agens vices legati" would surely have been superfluous. Recent scholarship has suggested that the real purpose of Gallienus's Edict was not to exclude senators from army appointments - otherwise why did he continue to appoint senatorial provincial governors with supreme military authority within their "provinciae"(?) - but to make it possible for the Emperor to appoint equestrian officers to these positions thus broadening his powers choice at a time when the Empire was under particular pressure to find commanders with adequate military experience.
Later career.
The Photike inscription is in Greek and it identifies an 'Aelius Aelianus' as the chief financial officer ("Lat. Procurator") of the province of Epirus sometime in the period 275-80 AD who had previously taken part in the census of the frontier province of Noricum. Nagy does not believe that the Aelianus who was a legionary prefect before 266 could have held these offices at a later date as the posts were lower in the equestrian career structure.
On the other hand, Nagy considers that the 'Aelius Aelianus' who was identified as "praeses provinciae Mauritaniae Caesarensis" (i.e. 'Governor of the province of Mauritania Caesarensis') in around 276 could well have been the same man as the "praefectus legionis II" in Aquincum of a dozen years earlier. This would have been a promotion quite compatible with what we know of the equestrian career structure. Furthermore, it would also fit in with the known tendency to appoint military men to governing posts in Africa from the later years of the Emperor Probus onwards to deal with increased restlessness on the part of the Berber tribes of the Mauretanian interior. As Nagy observes, the Aelianus who cut his teeth fighting the Sarmatian steppe nomads in Illyria would have been well qualified to deal with the Moorish raiders of Rome’s west African provinces.
<br>
Social status.
It is interesting to note that when he held this office Aelianus was still a "Vir Egregius" (i.e. 'Select Man') indicating that he was still a member of the Third Class of the Roman equestrian order just as he has been as "Praefectus Legionis". In this he may be compared with Lucius Flavius Aper who had governed "Pannonia Inferior" at this status. On the other hand Lucius Aurelius Marcianus had governed "Dalmatia" as a "Vir Perfectissismus" - i.e. a member of the Second Class of the Equestrian Order - although he may have had that status before his appointment. This may indicate that there was no necessary connection between an officer's substantive rank and his social status which depended more on his relations with the Imperial court.

</doc>
<doc id="19934292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934292" title="List of non-marine molluscs of Ireland">
List of non-marine molluscs of Ireland

This list of the non-marine molluscs of Ireland comprises 165 species of non-marine molluscs which have been recorded as part of the fauna of Ireland. These are terrestrial and aquatic gastropods, and bivalves; the list does not include species of molluscs which are considered to be fully marine.
In other words: this list includes land snails and slugs, and freshwater and brackish water snails. It also includes freshwater mussels and freshwater clams, including some that can tolerate brackish water. Molluscs that are fully adapted to live in the sea are not included here.
Ireland is an island in the northeastern Atlantic. It consists of the Republic of Ireland, also known simply as Ireland (or in the Irish language "Éire"), and Northern Ireland, which is part of the United Kingdom. 
The mollusc fauna of the island of Ireland has not been as thoroughly researched as that of the island of Great Britain, and therefore it is possible that some uncommon and local species (whether native or introduced) may, as yet, have been overlooked. Even so, it seems that the non-marine molluscan fauna of Ireland is a smaller fauna that that of Great Britain.
This list is of land and freshwater molluscs only. Some species of gastropods listed here (for example "Peringia ulvae") live in habitats that are intermediate between freshwater and saltwater. Others live in habitats that are intermediate between land and saltwater. Both of these kinds of species are often also included in marine faunal lists.
In addition to the species that live naturally outdoors in Ireland, there are at least 2 aquatic gastropod species which live only in artificially-heated indoor environments such as aquaria in greenhouses. These are known as "hothouse aliens", and in this list they are not counted as part of the total fauna.
A number of species are listed with subspecies, in cases where there are recognized subspecies in different parts of Europe. In some cases a synonym is given, where the species may be perhaps better known under an older name.
The list is arranged by presumed biological affinity, rather than being alphabetical by family.
The following table shows a summary of species numbers. It is not always easy to define which species are aquatic and which are terrestrial, as some species such as "Galba truncatula" are virtually amphibious. It also can be difficult to determine which species are introduced, as some introductions are quite ancient, for example from the Paleolithic. Those species that do not have a shell usually do not leave an archeological or fossil record, and therefore it is not always possible to determine whether they are native or introduced.
Conservation.
Species protected by EU Habitats Directive include: "Geomalacus maculosus" (annex II and IV), "Vertigo angustior", "Vertigo geyeri", "Vertigo moulinsiana" (annex II) and "Margaritifera margaritifera" (annex II and V).
Two species have been protected by the Wildlife Act of 1976 since 1990: "Geomalacus maculosus" and "Margaritifera margaritifera". They were added by regulation SI 112/1990.
A recent regional red list has been published of the non-marine molluscs of Ireland by Byrne et al. (2009). In this publication, the threat status of 150 native species was evaluated using IUCN regional guidelines. Of these species, two are considered to be regionally extinct, five critically endangered, fourteen endangered, twenty-six vulnerable, six near threatened, and the rest of least concern, or data deficient. This publication has sparked some media discussion about molluscan conservation in Ireland, including articles written in the Irish Times and the Irish Daily Mail.
Regional Red List of Irish non-marine molluscs.
The following species have been assigned threat categories or were considered regionally extinct on the island of Ireland in 2009:
Regionally extinct (RE)
"Helicigona lapicida" (Linnaeus, 1758); "Omphiscola glabra" (O.F. Müller, 1774) - listed as extinct in the red list, but rediscovered in 2009.
Critically Endangered (CR)
"Pisidium conventus" Clessin, 1877 
"Pomatias elegans" (O.F. Müller, 1774)
"Margaritifera margaritifera" (Linnaeus, 1758) 
"Truncatella subcylindrica" (Linnaeus, 1767)
"Margaritifera durrovensis" Philips, 1928
Endangered (EN)
"Gyraulus laevis" (Alder, 1838) 
"Pisidium pulchellum" Jenyns, 1832
"Hydrobia acuta neglecta" (Muus, 1963) 
"Pupilla muscorum" (Linnaeus, 1758)
"Mercuria" cf. "similis" (Draparnaud, 1805) 
"Quickella arenaria" (Potiez & Michaud, 1835)
"Merdigera obscura" (O.F. Müller, 1774) 
"Spermodea lamellata" (Jeffreys, 1830)
"Myxas glutinosa" (O.F. Müller, 1774) 
"Succinella oblonga" Draparnaud, 1801
"Pisidium moitessierianum" Paladilhe, 1866 
"Vertigo moulinsiana" (Dupuy, 1849)
"Pisidium pseudosphaerium" Schlesch, 1947 
"Vertigo pusilla" Müller, 1774
Vulnerable (VU)
"Acicula fusca" (Montagu, 1803) 
"Pisidium lilljeborgii" Clessin, 1866
"Anisus vortex" (Linnaeus, 1758) 
"Radix auricularia" (Linnaeus, 1758)
"Anodonta anatina" (Linnaeus, 1758) 
"Sphaerium nucleus" (Studer, 1820)
"Anodonta cygnea" (Linnaeus, 1758) 
"Tandonia rustica" (Millet, 1843)
"Aplexa hypnorum" (Linnaeus, 1758) 
"Testacella haliotidea" Draparnaud, 1801
"Arianta arbustorum" (Linnaeus, 1758) 
"Vallonia pulchella" (O.F. Müller, 1774)
"Balea perversa" (Linnaeus, 1758) 
"Ventrosia ventrosa" (Montagu, 1803)
"Cecilioides acicula" (Müller, 1774) 
"Vertigo angustior" Jeffreys, 1830
"Cochlodina laminata" (Montagu, 1803) 
"Vertigo antivertigo" (Draparnaud, 1801)
"Helicella itala" (Linnaeus, 1758) 
"Vertigo geyeri" Lindholm, 1925
"Leiostyla anglica" (A. Férussac, 1821) 
"Vertigo lilljeborgi" (Westerlund, 1871)
"Limax cinereoniger" Wolf, 1803 
"Zenobiella subrufescens" (J.S. Miller, 1822)
"Musculium lacustre" (O.F. Müller, 1774) 
"Zonitoides excavatus" (Alder, 1830)
Systematic list.
The list is arranged by presumed biological affinity, rather than being alphabetical by family.
A number of species are listed with subspecies, in cases where there are well-recognized subspecies in different parts of Europe. For some species a synonym is given, where the species may perhaps be better known under another name.
An attempt has been made to label the families as aquatic, terrestrial or intermediate, and an indication is given where it is thought that the species is introduced. Those species that do not have a shell usually do not leave an archeological or fossil record, and therefore it is not always possible to determine whether they are native or introduced. Species are considered to be native, unless otherwise indicated; that information is taken from Kerney, 1999.
Gastropoda.
The following gastropods are pulmonates:
List of "hothouse alien" species.
These freshwater species are not truly part of the fauna, because they do not live in the wild. They are tropical, and thus are incapable of surviving in the wild in Ireland; instead they have established themselves as uninvited inhabitants of aquaria within greenhouses, and similar artificially-heated aquatic habitats.

</doc>
<doc id="19934295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934295" title="1991 BMW Open – Singles">
1991 BMW Open – Singles

Karel Nováček was the defending champion of the singles event at the BMW Open , but did not participate this year.
Magnus Gustafsson won the title, defeating Guillermo Pérez-Roldán, who retired from the final while Gustafsson was leading 3–6, 6–3, 4–3.

</doc>
<doc id="19934296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934296" title="Brent Gaff">
Brent Gaff

Brent Allen Gaff (born October 5, 1958 in Fort Wayne, Indiana) is a former American professional baseball player who played for the New York Mets from 1982–84.
Gaff was born in Fort Wayne, Indiana and attended Churubusco High School in Churubusco, Indiana. He was drafted by the New York Mets in 6th the round (146th overall) of the 1977 Major League Baseball Draft. He was 23 years old when he broke into the big leagues on July 7, 1982, with the New York Mets.
Gaff missed the entire 1985 season due to a partial tear of the rotator cuff in his right shoulder, and was released by the Mets in November of that year.

</doc>
<doc id="19934299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934299" title="Katavasia">
Katavasia

Katavasia is the last troparion of an ode of a canon in Eastern Orthodox liturgical celebrations. Its name is derived from the Greek word "katabasia" for descent, so called because the cantors used to go down from their stalls and unite in the middle of the choir to sing them. Sundays and major feast days feature one katavasi following each ode. Katavasia are often seasonal, anticipating the next major feast. For example, the katavasia of Christmas are chanted from November 21 to the feast. On non-festal days katavasia occur after the third, sixth, eighth and ninth odes only.

</doc>
<doc id="19934313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934313" title="2005–06 New York Knicks season">
2005–06 New York Knicks season

The 2005–06 New York Knicks season was the 60th season for the team in the National Basketball Association (NBA). The Knicks finished with a 23–59 record, which left them in last place in the Atlantic Division. They had the fewest wins in the Eastern Conference in the 2005–06 season, and only the Portland Trail Blazers had fewer wins in the NBA. The Knicks' payroll for the 2005-2006 season was $124 million, putting them $74.5 million above the salary cap, and $62.3 million above the luxury tax line.

</doc>
<doc id="19934331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934331" title="Azabudai, Minato, Tokyo">
Azabudai, Minato, Tokyo


</doc>
<doc id="19934338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934338" title="Line of succession to the former throne of the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies">
Line of succession to the former throne of the Kingdom of the Two Sicilies

The Kingdom of the Two Sicilies was unified with the Kingdom of Italy in 1860. The headship of the House of Bourbon-Two Sicilies has been disputed since the death of claimant Prince Ferdinand Pius, Duke of Calabria on 7 January 1960 between Infante Alfonso, Duke of Calabria and his descendants and Prince Ranieri, Duke of Castro and his descendants. The two current claimants to the former realm of the Two Sicilies are Infante Carlos, Duke of Calabria and Prince Carlo, Duke of Castro, both descended in the male line from Charles III of Spain, who obtained the crowns of Naples and Sicily and forged them into one hereditary monarchy. 
As the Grand Magistry of the Sacred Military Constantinian Order of Saint George is extant and traditionally descends with the headship of the Two Sicilies dynasty, that organisation continues to be divided into rival chivalric orders with members espousing allegiance to one or the other entity. 
King Charles ordained that the Spanish crown would be reserved for his eldest son's heirs, while his "Italian sovereignty" would descend to the heirs of his next eldest son. The succession law of the defunct Kingdom of the Two Sicilies as outlined in Charles III's Pragmatic of 6 October 1759 was semi-Salic, conferring that realm on King Charles's third son who became Ferdinand I of the Two Sicilies (the eldest son was mentally incompetent, while the second was, as Prince of Asturias, the heir apparent to Spain). It further stipulated that in future heirs male of the body of Charles III or, failing males, the female nearest in kinship to the last male in his descent or, that lineage also failing, the heirs male of Charles III's brothers, were to inherit the Neapolitan-Sicilian throne. However, the Pragmatic also required that the crowns of Spain and of the Two Sicilies were henceforth never to be combined, even if the Italian branch became entirely extinct, leaving only the Spanish Bourbons to inherit. In such a case, the Two Sicilies throne was always to be transferred to the next male dynast in the order of succession who was neither the monarch of Spain nor his heir, the Prince of Asturias.

</doc>
<doc id="19934339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934339" title="Fono (band)">
Fono (band)

Fono is a rock band, originally from the United Kingdom but later based out of San Diego, California.
History.
Fono formed under the name Seven (and originally from Milton Keynes), and released one album and one EP under this name; they also opened for a UK concert by Bon Jovi before changing their name to Fono in 1998. Lead singer Del Currie had previously played with Split Level and Tribe of Dan, and went on a year-long hiatus from songwriting and performing before putting the group together. The band has stated that the name "Fono" has no significance; in an interview, Currie said "It means absolutely nothing". Following the name change, the group was featured in "Kerrang!" magazine as one of their Best Unsigned Bands. Not long after, they did sign with a label, and the group released their debut full-length, "Goesaroundcomesaround", in 1999. Album reviewers noted the album's American, as opposed to British, rock sound and the group's general appeal to audiences outside the world of Christian rock. In America, the group scored two Christian radio hits with the singles "Now She's 24" (No. 7, 1999) and "Drift Away" ( 16, 2000). They also toured with Robert Plant, The Goo Goo Dolls, Third Eye Blind, and Audio Adrenaline.
After the release of the album, the band relocated permanently to the United States, settling in San Diego, California in 2000. That year, a restructuring at their record label resulted in their becoming embroiled in a lawsuit which took over two years to resolve; during this time the band was prevented from recording any music. They then began recording a new album, but the studio where they were recording and all of their equipment and masters were destroyed in the Cedar Fire of 2003. The group re-recorded the material and independently released "It's the Way That You Use It" in 2004 and "Too Broken to Break" in 2007.
In 2010, vocalist Del Currie released a solo album under the name Zoo Seven.

</doc>
<doc id="19934347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934347" title="Christopher Carpenter">
Christopher Carpenter

Christopher Carpenter may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19934350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934350" title="Otto Brune">
Otto Brune

Otto Walter Heinrich Oscar Brune (10 January 1901– 1982) undertook some key investigations into network synthesis at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) where he graduated in 1929. His doctoral thesis was supervised by Wilhelm Cauer (and Ernst Guillemin) who suggested that he provide a proof of the necessary and sufficient conditions for the realisability of multi-port impedances. Cauer himself had found a necessary condition but had failed to prove it to be sufficient. Brune coined the term "positive-real" (PR) for that class of analytic functions that are realisable as an electrical network using passive components. Brune also showed that if the case is limited to scalar PR functions then it is not necessary to allow ideal transformers (a limit to the usefulness of the theory) to be assured of a realisable network solution. The eponymous "Brune cycle" continued fractions were invented by Brune to facilitate this proof.
Background.
Brune was born in Kimberley, South Africa in 1901 and returned there in 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="19934363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934363" title="UIP (micro IP)">
UIP (micro IP)

The uIP was an open source TCP/IP stack capable of being used with tiny 8- and 16-bit microcontrollers. It was initially developed by Adam Dunkels of the "Networked Embedded Systems" group at the Swedish Institute of Computer Science, licensed under a BSD style license, and further developed by a wide group of developers .
uIP can be very useful in embedded systems because it requires very small amounts of code and RAM. It has been ported to several platforms, including DSP platforms.
In October 2008, Cisco, Atmel, and SICS announced a fully compliant IPv6 extension to uIP, called uIPv6.
Implementation.
uIP makes many unusual design choices in order to reduce the resources it requires. uIP's native software interface is designed for small computer systems with no operating system. It can be called in a timed loop, and the call manages all the retries and other network behavior. The hardware driver is called after uIP is called. uIP builds the packet, and then the driver sends it, and optionally receives a response.
It is normal for IP protocol stack software to keep many copies of different IP packets, for transmission, reception and to keep copies in case they need to be resent. uIP is economical in its use of memory because it uses only one packet buffer. First, it uses the packet buffer in a half-duplex way, using it in turn for transmission and reception. Also, when uIP needs to retransmit a packet, it calls the application code in a way that requests for the previous data to be reproduced.
Another oddity is how uIP manages connections. Most IP implementations have one task per connection, and the task communicates with a task in a distant computer on the other end of the connection. In uIP, no multitasking operating system is assumed. Connections are held in an array. On each call, uIP tries to serve a connection, making a subroutine call to application code that responds to, or sends data. The size of the connection array is a number that can be adjusted when uIP is recompiled.
uIP is fully compliant with the RFCs that define TCP, UDP and IP. It also implements the mandatory maintenance protocol ICMP.
Versions.
uIP 0.9 is the version with the least dependence on operating systems, the smallest resource use, and the only version that presents a pure event loop API. It may be used in embedded systems with very small amounts of resources.
It was delivered with a set of examples of higher-level protocols that also run on an event loop system, including HTTP (a simple web server), SMTP (simple mail transmission protocol), FTP (file transfer protocol), telnet (terminal emulation), and others. Despite the examples and its small size, uIP 0.9 can be difficult to apply because it does not use any form of socket API.
uIP is widely used code with well-known weaknesses. The design minimizes and separates 32-bit arithmetic so that it can be adjusted or optimized for 8 and 16-bit CPUs. Also, 16-bit software timers (common on small microcontrollers) can overflow and cause defective operation. This can be fixed with a timer system that does not overflow (e.g. the timers count down or use modulo arithmetic). Another issue is that its single packet buffer can have substantial throughput problems because a PC host usually delays the "ACK" packet, waiting for more packets. In slow, serial port implementations, the ack-throughput can be fixed by modifying uIP to send every packet as two half-packet fragments. uIP systems with fast ethernet or WiFi can modify the hardware driver to send every packet twice. Some PCs do not correctly respond to a fast uIP system on a local ethernet, because the uIP system can start a responding packet before the PC is ready to receive it. The solution is to call the uIP system less frequently in the main loop (Windows PCs are designed for a response time of about 1 millisecond). Typical implementations of uIP have a fixed IP address, which can make them impractical in real networks, although some have implemented DHCP. Version 0.9 in its original form does not support IP version 6, only the older, more standard IPv4. Also, uIP 0.9's original web site is no longer (2013) live, although it may be available from historical imaging sites.
Later versions of uIP, including the reference version of uIPv6, are integrated with Contiki, an operating system that uses coroutines for cooperative multitasking. Contiki provides the multitasking needed by a simplified socket API, simplifying the use of uIP. These versions may be less popular than 0.9 however. Many examples of embedded code do not use them.

</doc>
<doc id="19934366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934366" title="Azabu-Jūban, Minato, Tokyo">
Azabu-Jūban, Minato, Tokyo

Azabu-Juban is a lively residential area in central Tokyo with a mixture of Japanese shops, restaurants and bars. The convenience of several supermarkets in a central location and the proximity of Hiroo and Roppongi make it one of the more trendy and sought after residential areas of Tokyo. The main street, a block away from a busy road junction, has a village-like feel with cobbled stoned paving in some places. This atmosphere is created by the narrow streets, slow moving traffic, and a mixture of stores operated by older owners. Even the McDonald's has been carefully designed to be architecturally sympathetic.
Azabu-Juban Matsuri.
In the middle of August (usually at the beginning or end of the Japanese Obon holiday), Azabu-Juban holds one of the most famous local summer festivals ( matsuri ) in Tokyo;
The event takes place over 2 days on Saturday and Sunday with the streets being lined with local stalls and food vendors.
Traffic is typically blocked from 3.00 to 9.00 pm on both days.
During this time, large crowds of festival goers make the main streets largely impassable.
In 2011, this festival was cancelled, due to the practice of jishuku - voluntary self-restraint - implemented after the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake.
Azabu-Juban Hot Spring.
Until 2009, Azabu-juban had one of several natural onsen in Tokyo.
Every Sunday from 3:00 pm you could enjoy traditional Japanese songs (enka) and dancing.
The site of the hot spring has since become a car park. 
In Fiction.
The manga and anime series Sailor Moon takes place in this district.

</doc>
<doc id="19934372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934372" title="KQLL">
KQLL

KQLL (1280 AM, "Kool 102") is a commercial radio station located in Henderson, Nevada, broadcasting to the Las Vegas metropolitan area on the AM dial with a simulcast on K272EE 102.3 FM. KQLL airs an oldies music format. The station is currently owned by Summit Media.
History.
The station went on the air in 1956. It was assigned the call letters KREL on February 17, 1984. On January 28, 1991, the station changed its call sign to KDOL, and on March 6, 1998 to KDOX. 
In June 2010, KDOX purchased the construction permit for K272EE licensed to Moapa, Nevada. with the plan to add a FM signal. On August 12, 2010, this signal went live.
Prior to adopting an oldies music format, KDOX aired a news/talk format known as "Fox News Radio 1280." In August 2010, KDOX introduced a live, local mid-morning talk radio show, starring Casey Hendrickson and Heather Kydd (formerly the drive-time hosts on competitor KXNT) weekdays from 9 am - 11 am. On August 12, 2010, KDOX introduced a simultaneously 99-watt FM broadcast on 102.3 FM. KDOX purchased the construction permit for $100.00 in June 2010.
On December 31, 2010, KDOX changed formats to a 50s-70s oldies format known as "Kool 102." Along with the format change, the calls were changed as well to reflect the format. The station became known as KQLL.

</doc>
<doc id="19934373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934373" title="Taylor Valley">
Taylor Valley

Taylor Valley is the southernmost of the three large Dry Valleys in the Transantarctic Mountains, Victoria Land, located west of McMurdo Sound at approximately . The valley extends from Taylor Glacier in the west to McMurdo Sound at Explorers Cove at the northwest head of New Harbour in the east and is about long. It was once occupied by the receding Taylor Glacier, from which it derives its name. Taylor Valley contains Lake Bonney in the west (inward), and Lake Fryxell in the east (coastward), and Lake Hoare, Lake Chad, Lake Popplewell, Mummy Pond and Parera Pond close together between the two. Further east of Lake Bonney is Pearse Valley. Taylor Valley is separated from Wright Valley in the north by Asgard Range, and from Ferrar Glacier in the south by Kukri Hills.
Taylor Valley was discovered by the British National Antarctic Expedition (1901–04), it was more fully explored by the BrAE (1907–09) and the BrAE (1910–13), and named after Australian Geologist Thomas Griffith Taylor.
In the oblique aerial photo at right, the tan bands are sandstone layers from the Beacon Supergroup, a series of sedimentary rock layers formed at the bottom of a shallow sea between 250 million and 400 million years ago. Throughout that period, Earth’s southern continents were locked into the supercontinent Gondwana. 
The dark band of rock that divides the sandstone is dolerite (sometimes called diabase), a volcanic rock that forms underground. The distinctive dolerite intrusion—or sill—is a remnant of a massive volcanic plumbing system that produced major eruptions about 180 million years ago. The eruptions likely helped tear Gondwana apart. 

</doc>
<doc id="19934389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934389" title="Federation of Norwegian Manufacturing Industries">
Federation of Norwegian Manufacturing Industries

The Federation of Norwegian Manufacturing Industries (, TBL) was an employers' organisation in Norway, organized under the national Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise. On 1 January 2006 it was merged with the Federation of Norwegian Process Industries to form the Federation of Norwegian Industries.
It was founded in 1889. The name at that time was "De Mekaniske Værksteders Forening". With the Norwegian Union of Iron and Metalworkers, a trade union which is now a part of the United Federation of Trade Unions, MVF negotiated Norway's first collective bargaining agreement in 1907. The name was changed to "Mekaniske Værksteders Landsforening" in 1908, and to "Teknologibedriftenes Landsforening" on its centennial anniversary in 1989. From the same year it joined the Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise.
The idea to merge with the Federation of Norwegian Process Industries came into existence in 2003, and following negotiations the first general assembly of the new organization was held in November 2005. The merger was formally carried through on 1 January 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19934394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934394" title="Ronen Palan">
Ronen Palan

Ronen Palan is Professor of International Political Economy in the Department of International Politics at the City University London. He has many books and articles on the political economy of the state, globalisation and state strategies, and evolutionary approaches to the study of international relations. Ronen Palan was of the founding editors of the Review of International Political Economy. Palan's major empirical work is the area of offshore finance. Palan has argued that offshore finance "is certainly not the sole cause for the decline of the nation-state, but it must be seen as an important contributing factor to the decline".
As a student, Palan attended the London School of Economics, and subsequently worked at Newcastle University and the University of Sussex before joining Birmingham in 2007. Palan has authored and edited a number of books, including "Global Political Economy: Contemporary Theories" (edited, Routledge, 2000), "The Offshore World: Sovereign Markets, Virtual Places, and Nomad Millionaires" (Cornell University Press, 2003), "The Imagined Economies of Globalisation" (with Angus Cameron, Sage, 2004) and "Tax Havens: How Globalization Really Works" (with Richard Murphy, Christian Chavagneux, Cornell University Press, 2010).
Ronen Palan is married and has two sons. 

</doc>
<doc id="19934396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934396" title="Canoeing at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Women's K-4 500 metres">
Canoeing at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Women's K-4 500 metres

The women's K-4 500 metres event was a fours kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1996 Summer Olympics program.
Results.
Heats.
16 crews entered in two heats. The top two finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the finals while the remaining teams were relegated to the semifinals.
Semifinals.
The top two finishers in each of the semifinals and the fastest third-place finisher advanced to the final.
Final.
The final was held on August 3.
Fischer became the first woman in any sport to win Olympic gold medals 16 years apart. She won the women's K-1 500 m event at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow.

</doc>
<doc id="19934400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934400" title="Federation of Norwegian Process Industries">
Federation of Norwegian Process Industries

The Federation of Norwegian Process Industries (, PIL) was an employers' organisation in Norway, organized under the national Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise. On 1 January 2006 it was merged with the Federation of Norwegian Manufacturing Industries to form the Federation of Norwegian Industries.

</doc>
<doc id="19934403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934403" title="2004–05 New York Knicks season">
2004–05 New York Knicks season

The 2004–05 New York Knicks season was the 59th season for the team in the National Basketball Association (NBA). The Knicks finished in fourth place in the Atlantic Division with a 33–49 record, and failed to qualify for the NBA Playoffs.

</doc>
<doc id="19934425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934425" title="Phidippus putnami">
Phidippus putnami

Phidippus putnami is a species of Jumping spider that is found in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="19934463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934463" title="2009 African U-17 Championship">
2009 African U-17 Championship

The 2009 African U-17 Championship was a football tournament for Under 17 players. It was held in Algeria in 2009.
The competition consisted of three rounds of two legged matches. Some countries received a bye to the First Round. The winners of the Second Round matches qualified for the Finals in Algeria.
Group stage.
Top two teams from each group qualified for the semi-finals. The 4 semi-finalists qualified for the 2009 U17 World Cup being held in the summer in Nigeria.
Group B.
1 Niger were ejected from the competition for fielding a 22-year-old player. Their results were expunged. <br>
2 These matches were expunged after Niger were ejected from the competition.
Countries to participate in 2009 FIFA U-17 World Cup.
The top 4 teams qualified for the 2009 FIFA U-17 World Cup:

</doc>
<doc id="19934484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934484" title="Garrick's Villa">
Garrick's Villa

Garrick's Villa is a Grade I country house located on Hampton Court Road in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames. The structure was originally constructed in the Middle Ages. The country house was initially listed as "Hampton House" prior to its acquisition by David Garrick in 1754. Numerous alterations were made to it during Garrick's tenure by Robert Adam, including the portico, the building of an orangery and the construction of a tunnel under the road to connect with his riverside lawn. A wing on the left of the house was added in 1864.
During the early part of the 20th century the house was the family home of Sir (James) Clifton Robinson (1848-1910), Managing Director and Chief Engineer of London United Tramways, and a single private tram track leading into the grounds was constructed. The house was converted into flats in 1922. In 1969, the building became the centre of a neo-Georgian estate. This incorporated Garrick's Orangery, much altered, with an upper floor that had been added in 1922.
On 25 October 2008, during building works on the house, a fire broke out and was brought under control five hours later.

</doc>
<doc id="19934503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934503" title="2008–09 Bulgarian Cup">
2008–09 Bulgarian Cup

The Bulgarian Cup 2008–09 was the seventieth official Bulgarian annual football tournament. The competition started on October 15, 2008 with the Preliminary Round and ended on May 26, 2009. The defending champions were Litex Lovech, who successfully defended their title.
Preliminary round.
In this round entered 4 winners from the regional competitions as well as 3 teams from B PFG (second level) decided by random draw. There should have been 4 teams selected from B PFG, but since this year's league features only 31 team, 3 teams were chosen. The matches were played on October 15, 2008.
Note: Roman numerals in brackets denote the league tier the clubs participate in during the 2008–09 season.
First round.
In this round entered winners from the previous round together with the remaining 28 teams from B PFG. The matches were played on October 29, 2008.
Second round.
This round featured winners from the First Round and all 16 teams from A PFG. The matches were played on November 11, 12, 13 and 26, 2008.
Third round.
In this round entered winners from the Second Round. The matches were played on December 7, 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19934508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934508" title="Johnston Atoll Chemical Agent Disposal System">
Johnston Atoll Chemical Agent Disposal System

Johnston Atoll Chemical Agent Disposal System (JACADS) was the U.S. Army's first chemical munitions disposal facility. It was located on Johnston Island, at Johnston Atoll and completed its mission and ceased operation in 2000.
Background.
Prior to the beginning of destruction operations at JACADS, the atoll held about 6.6% of the entire U.S. stockpile of chemical weapons. Chemical weapons were stockpiled on Johnston Atoll beginning in 1971, including weapons transferred from Okinawa during the 1971 Operation Red Hat. Some of the other weapons stored at the site, including Sarin (GB) and VX Nerve Agent, were shipped from U.S. stockpiles in Germany in 1990. These shipments followed a 1986 agreement between the U.S. and Germany to move the munitions. The remainder of the chemical weapons were a small number of World War II era weapons shipped from the Solomon Islands. In 1985, the U.S. Congress mandated that all chemical weapons stockpiles at Johnston Atoll, mostly mustard and nerve agents, be destroyed.
History.
Planning for JACADS began in 1981 and initial construction started in 1985–1986. In August 1985, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) issued a 10-year permit to the Army allowing it to construct and operate JACADS. As JACADS was preparing to begin operations, the U.S. Congress passed Public Law 100-456, which required JACADS to complete operational verification testing (OVT) to ensure each type of munition could be disposed of safely. Operations began at JACADS in June 1990, commencing with operational verification testing.
The first weapon disposal took place on June 30, 1990. That day, JACADS became the first U.S. chemical weapons disposal facility. The OVT phase of operations lasted until March 1993. Transition from the testing phase to full-scale operations began in May 1993 and, in August, full-scale operations began. Twice, in 1993 and 1994, the facility had to be evacuated because of hurricanes; operations were delayed for as long as 70 days during these periods.
On November 29, 2000, the last of the chemical weapons at JACADS were disposed of. The last disposal operation destroyed more than 13,000 VX filled land mines. Two years after the last chemical weapons at JACADS were destroyed, the Army submitted the plan to dismantle the facility to the EPA; it was approved in September 2002. Demolition on the facility, home to the incinerators, laboratories and control rooms, took place from August–October 2003. In November 2003 a plaque was dedicated to JACADS personnel.
Disposal program.
Disposal method.
JACADS workers utilized incineration to destroy the chemical agents at Johnston Atoll. After workers loaded the weapons onto a conveyor, automated equipment would take over the process. The equipment removed the explosive component of the weapon and drained the chemical agent. The explosive and chemical agent were then incinerated at high temperature. The metal weapons casings were then thermally decontaminated and scrapped.
Munitions destroyed.
By early 1996, the facility at Johnston Atoll had destroyed about 3.5 percent of the overall U.S. chemical weapons stockpile. Included in that amount, out of total stockpile of 31,000 tons, was two million pounds of mustard and nerve agents destroyed by JACADS. The disposal program was overseen by Project Manager Gary McCloskey, and during the ten years from 1990–2000 was responsible for the destruction of over 400,000 chemical rockets, projectiles, bombs, mortars, ton containers, and mines. Also destroyed at JACADS was over 2,000 tons of the nerve agents sarin, and VX, as well as the blister agent HD. In total, the program at Johnston Atoll destroyed 412,000 individual chemical munitions.
Accidents and incidents.
There were a few chemical weapons related accidents during the period JACADS was in operation. 
In January 1993, the burster charge on a 105 mm artillery shell ignited. The shell contained World War II-era mustard gas, though none was released and the incident resulted in no injuries. A later incident on March 23, 1994 resulted in the accidental release of sarin gas after a chemical agent line was opened for maintenance without properly purging the line with fuel oil. The incident led to a $122,000 fine against the Army from the EPA. Another incident in November 1994 led to the explosion of a drained chemical rocket during mechanical removal of the fuse, but no leaks were reported.
On December 9, 1993, a spill of about 500 pounds (226 kg) of Sarin (Agent GB) occurred inside the Munitions Demilitarization Building (MDB). There was no agent migration outside the building and the contingency plan was not activated. The facility suspended processing of munitions until investigation of the incident was satisfactorily completed.
The U.S. National Research Council's Committee on Evaluation of Chemical Events at Army Chemical Agent Disposal Facilities was provided, by the Army, with a list of 39 incidents that occurred at JACADS from its opening until its closure. Of those 39 events, 24 were classified as chemical in nature. For example, five days after the last chemical weapons were destroyed at JACADS, VX was detected in ash from the incinerator. The committee's evaluation of JACADS incidents was published in 2002.
Response and reaction.
The 1990 shipments of nerve agents from Germany to JACADS caused several South Pacific nations to express unease. At the 1990 South Pacific Forum in Vanuatu, the island nations of the South Pacific indicated that their concern was that the South Pacific would become a toxic waste dumping ground. Other concerns raised included the security of the shipments, which were refueled at sea and escorted by U.S. guided missile destroyers, while they were en route to Johnston Atoll. In Australia, Prime Minister Bob Hawke drew criticism from some of these island nations for his support of the chemical weapons destruction at Johnston Atoll.

</doc>
<doc id="19934515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934515" title="Norwegian Food Research Institute">
Norwegian Food Research Institute

The Norwegian Food Research Institute () is a food science research institute based in Ås, Norway.
Owned by the independent Agricultural Food Research Foundation, it is physically located close to the Norwegian University of Life Sciences, Akvaforsk and Bioforsk. Its purpose is to conduct "contribute to increased profitability in the food industry through food research and development at an internationally recognised level".
The current Managing Director of Matforsk is Øyvind Fylling-Jensen.

</doc>
<doc id="19934517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934517" title="List of FC Dynamo Kyiv seasons">
List of FC Dynamo Kyiv seasons


</doc>
<doc id="19934539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934539" title="2003–04 New York Knicks season">
2003–04 New York Knicks season

The 2003–04 New York Knicks season was the 58th season for the team in the National Basketball Association (NBA). With a 39–43 record, which placed them third in the Atlantic Division, the Knicks qualified for the NBA Playoffs as the seventh seed in the Eastern Conference. In the first round, the Knicks were swept in four games by the New Jersey Nets. New York did not return to the playoffs until the 2010–11 season.

</doc>
<doc id="19934553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934553" title="Environment Agency v Clark">
Environment Agency v Clark

Environment Agency v Clark Ch 57 (also, "Re Rhondda Waste Disposal Ltd") is a UK insolvency law case concerning the right of creditors to bring proceedings against insolvent companies in administration. It concerned s.10, Insolvency Act 1986, now Schedule B1, para. 43(6) whereby a moratorium on legal proceedings is effected after an administration order takes place.
Facts.
Rhondda Waste Disposal Ltd, a company wholly owned by Rhondda Cynon Taf County Borough Council ran a landfill site under a waste management licence in Nant-y-Gwyddon, Rhondda Valley. The Environment Agency served an enforcement notice against Rhondda, telling it to comply with its licence terms, under s.33(6), Environmental Protection Act 1990. It then got an injunction. Rhondda failed to change in the next six months. So Rhondda petitioned for an administration order. The administrator asked the court to clarify whether the Environment Agency needed leave under the Insolvency Act 1986, s.10(1)(c) ands.11(3)(d) to bring criminal prosecutions.
Judge Moseley QC, Deputy High Court Judge of the Chancery Division, held it did. The Environment Agency appealed, arguing the words "other proceedings" in the sections were not intended to cover environmental and criminal proceedings, but only recovery of money.
Judgement.
Scott Baker J, speaking for the Court of Appeal (Henry LJ and Robert Walker LJ) held that the moratorium on "other proceedings" plainly meant all proceedings, including criminal proceedings. So the Environment Agency needed permission before prosecuting. This was because other sections in the Act referred to criminal offences, so on a proper construction, criminal proceedings would have been excluded specifically if that had been intended.
The purpose of the Insolvency Act 1986 was to give a window of opportunity for the company to make proposals to creditors. Both criminal and civil proceedings would frustrate that. Moreover the broad range of offences could mean such an exception would work against creditors' interests. Courts concerned with administration are well placed to balance the arguments for and against leave. Scott Baker J also referred to remarks by Morritt J in the "Re Celtic Extraction case", on the “polluter pays” principle. This should not be applied so that unsecured creditors pay to the whole extend of the available assets.
However, the judge had erred in refusing leave. The allegations of Rhondda's serious and long standing breaches of the Environmental Protection Act should not be overridden by creditors' interests.
Here, any fine that might be imposed on the company could only be paid at the expense of the creditors, since, although the company could pay, it could only do so out of assets available for distribution to the creditors.

</doc>
<doc id="19934561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934561" title="Unbreakable (TV series)">
Unbreakable (TV series)

Unbreakables is a reality television series presented by Explorer Benedict Allen on UK's Channel 5, where eight volunteers undergo an onslaught of physical and mental pressure in a bid to be declared unbreakable.
Filmed across four continents, Unbreakables takes eight super-fit members of the public on a punishing global trail to undergo a series of brutal challenges.
From the Norwegian arctic to the Sahara Desert, the volunteers will learn to survive in the world's harshest environments and endure some of the toughest military training around. They will be bossed and cajoled by physical trainers and survival experts as they bid to outdo and outlast each other.
Episodes.
Episode 1.
The jungle of Guyana. They're spurred on by Mark Billingham, a jungle warfare instructor who served with special forces. They also face challenges inspired by a tribe of former cannibals.
Episode 2.
Norwegian School of Winter Warfare in Norway. They are placed in the vicinity of a TNT explosion and forced to jump into an ice hole while still wearing their skis. They were required to dig a snow hole and sleep in it (something Norwegian school children routinely do at winter camp, though they get to use a sleeping bag).
Episode 3.
The Royal Navy. After a week's training in Portsmouth, they go aboard HMS Belfast on nearby Whale Island and face simulations of both a sinking under heavy gunfire and a terrifying helicopter crash. After disorientation and freezing temperatures, their final challenge is a two assault course challenge including the disassembling of a 1,250lb gun.
Episode 4.
Sahara Desert. They find themselves at the mercy of a former Foreign Legion instructor. Taking them into the Sahara, he subjects them to a series of gruelling challenges, including being buried alive, a 10-kilometre camel race, and an exhausting run over the sand dunes while wearing stifling gas masks.
Episode 5.
US Navy SEALs. They travel to Virginia to carry out "simulated" Navy SEAL training with some former US Navy SEALs, whose beach-based challenges from long beach runs to "surf torture" leave them physically and emotionally drained. After the first day, Carla suffers from dehydration and exhaustion, but must face her fear of water in a "drownproofing" challenge where the volunteers repeatedly sink in a pool with their ankles and wrists bound.
Episode 6.
Everglades. They will be sharing the territory with two million alligators and 60 species of venomous snake, and perhaps most formidable of all, their Native American guide. “My name is not important to you,” he sneers. “But you will call me Teacher.” They have to cut open an alligator and remove its entrails with their bare hands. They canoe across alligator infested waters and wrestle alligators, and play a game of lacrosse.
Episode 7.
South Africa. They are required to take on the might of highly trained Zulu warriors in a series of stick-fighting contests. However, before they are deemed worthy of battle, the contenders must first prove themselves by stealing honey from wild bees, and participate in a body cleansing ritual.
Episode 8.
The unbreakables are handed over to The South African Elite Fighting Force, ex-special forces instructors who teach African armies the reality of warfare. The unbreakables are woken before dawn to find that Barnaby has fled. It turns out he had in fact run away. The unbreakables along with the South African elite forces find him and, after Benedict Allen tells him he'd want to throttle anyone who would desert an expedition, he is told he is broken.
After David Bain has proven himself the strongest boxer among those remaining, he breaks while being buried alive, blaming it on his claustrophobia. 
Against all odds, the 3 remaining, Frasier, Angus and Matt manage to reach the finish and are considered 'Unbreakable'.
Episode 8 was not available on Channel 5's Player due to copyright and contractual reasons.

</doc>
<doc id="19934569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934569" title="Ducted propeller">
Ducted propeller

A ducted propeller, also known as a Kort nozzle, is a propeller fitted with a non-rotating nozzle. It is used to improve the efficiency of the propeller and is especially used on heavily loaded propellers or propellers with limited diameter. It was developed by Luigi Stipa (1931) and Ludwig Kort (1934). The Kort nozzle is a shrouded propeller assembly for marine propulsion. The hydrodynamic design of the shroud, which is shaped like a foil, offers advantages for certain conditions over bare propellers.
Advantages are increased efficiency at lower speeds (<10 knots), better course stability and less vulnerability to debris. Downsides are reduced efficiency at higher speeds (>10 knots), course stability when sailing astern, and increase of cavitation. Ducted propellers are also used to replace rudders.
History.
Luigi Stipa demonstrated that an increase in propulsive efficiency could be achieved by surrounding the propeller with a foil-shaped shroud in the case of heavily loaded propellers. A "Kort Nozzle" is referred to as an accelerating nozzle and is generally a MARIN 19A profile or a MARIN 37 profile.
Advantages and disadvantages.
Kort nozzles or ducted propellers can be significantly more efficient than unducted propellers at low speeds, producing greater thrust in a smaller package. Tugboats and fishing trawlers are the most common application for Kort nozzles as highly loaded propellers on slow moving vessels benefit the most. Nozzles have the additional benefits of reducing paddlewheel-effect (e.g. the tendency of a right-hand wheel to back to the left) and reduce bottom suction while operating in shallow water.
The additional shrouding adds drag, however, and Kort nozzles lose their advantage over propellers at about ten knots (18.5 km/h).
Kort nozzles may be fixed, with directional control coming from a rudder set in the water flow, or pivoting, where their flow controls the vessel's steering.
Shrouding of this type is also beneficial to navigation in ice fields since it protects the propeller tips to some extent. However, ice or any other floating object can become jammed between the wheel and nozzle, locking up the wheel. Fouled wheels in Kort nozzles are much more difficult to clear than open wheels.
A research paper by Bexton et al. (2012) concluded that ducted propellers were the likely cause of fatal injuries of seals in the northeastern Atlantic. The authors hypothesized that the seals were drawn through the nozzle and past the rotating propeller blades, incurring curvilinear lacerations to skin and muscle tissue. This type of injury has come to be known as a "corkscrew" injury. The authors also comment that other animals, including harbour porpoises, have been seen to exhibit similar injuries.
Types.
There are two types of ducts; accelerating and decelerating. With accelerating ducts, the inflow velocity and efficiency of the propeller is increased. This is the type that is used on heavily loaded propellers or propellers with limited diameter. As Ludwig Kort performed extensive research on this type, it is often called a "Kort nozzle".
With the second type, the inflow velocity is reduced, whereby pressure is increased, reducing cavitation. This is called a pump-jet, especially in combination with fixed blades or stators.
MARIN has done extensive research on ducted propellers. Many of the used profiles are based on the NACA airfoils of which the NACA 4415 has very good characteristics. Most commonly used are nozzle 19A and 37 of the MARIN series. These have a rounded trailing edge to ease fabrication and increase efficiency sailing astern. Initially, the propellers of the Wageningen B-series were used, later the Kaplan-type with a wider blade tip.
Physics.
In a Kort nozzle, the inflow velocity is increased, reducing pressure. This lowers thrust and torque of the propeller. At the same time, a circulation occurs, resulting in an inward aimed force, that has a forward component. The duct therefore has a positive thrust. This is normally larger than the thrust reduction of the propeller. The small clearance between the propeller and duct reduces tip vortex, increasing efficiency.
As drag increases with increasing speed, eventually this will become larger than the added thrust. Vessels that normally operate above this speed are therefore normally not fitted with ducts. When towing, tugboats sail with low speed and heavily loaded propellers, and are often fitted with ducts. Bollard pull can increase up to 30% with ducts.
With decelerating ducts, the circulation opposite of the Kort nozzle, resulting in a negative thrust of the duct. This type is used for high speed vessels with increased exposure to cavitation and vessels that want to reduce noise levels, such as warships.

</doc>
<doc id="19934581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934581" title="Hermit of Tong">
Hermit of Tong

"The Hermit of Tong" is a missing/lost masterpiece of the British artist, William Armfield Hobday (1771–1831). The painting is a portrait of Carolus, aka Charles Evans, resident Hermit on the estate of Colonel Durant, Tong Castle, Shropshire, England. In the biography of William Armfield Hobday, printed in Arnolds' Library of the Fine Arts in 1831, the painting and hermit are described as follows: 
""If, as it is said, genius is more felicitous at one time than another, certain it is that Hobday while at Broad Street painted a picture, the like of which he never did before nor after; viz. the painting known as the Hermit of Tong, and individual passing under the name of Carolus, living on the estate of Colonel Durant in Staffordshire Shropshire. This work is distinguished by a fine subdued brilliancy in the flesh, depth and transparency in the shadows, and great harmony of colouring in the whole. It represented the Hermit at the mouth of his Hermitage, the left elbow resting on a book and hand raised to the temples; the back part of his head was enveloped in a hood, and the transparency of its shadow on the upper part of the head was particularly clear, rich, and well painted, and the folds of his dark brown habit were broad and easy. Altogether this was undoubtedly his chef-d'oevre. Many were the applicants for its purchase; but, with all its Excellencies, no one would give the moderate sum he fixed, of 100 guineas; and this likewise went, like all his other effects, at the sale.""
The location of this portrait of the "Hermit of Tong" is unknown. The last mention of the painting in the literature is in the bankruptcy proceedings, sales of personal goods and effects, of William Armfield Hobday, in London, 1829.
Renewed interest in Hobday's work has created a strong drive to locate this painting, as its value has increased significantly, reputed to be worth 800,000 pounds sterling.

</doc>
<doc id="19934601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934601" title="VDE">
VDE

VDE may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19934605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19934605" title="Budharaopet">
Budharaopet

Budharaopet is a village in Khanapur Mandal of Warangal District in the Telangana region of Andhra Pradesh, India. The population was 4,827 at the 2001 Indian census.
Geography.
Budharaopet is located at .
The village is 8 km from Narsampet on the way to Mahabubabad. The village is surrounded by three water tanks (cheruvulu) and the Sangem canal of Pakhal lake runs on the border of village which makes the fields green.
Demographics.
At the 2001 Indian census, Budharaopet had a population of 4,827 persons in 1,127 households. The population consisted of 2,423 males and 2,404 females.
The languages spoken are Telugu and Hindi and English.
Economy.
The major industry of the people is farming. Rice is the major crop grown there. There are also three rice mills.
Government.
The village is governed by a village panchayat.
Environment.
In some areas of the village, the fluoride content in the water is more than usual.

</doc>
