<doc id="19886971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886971" title="National Association for Voluntary and Community Action">
National Association for Voluntary and Community Action

__NOTOC__
NAVCA, the National Association for Voluntary and Community Action, is the national membership body for local support and development organisations in England. It is a registered charity (1001635), based in Sheffield, and was previously called the National Association of Councils for Voluntary Service (NACVS). NAVCA is a strategic partner of the Cabinet Office's Office for Civil Society.
History.
The Councils for Voluntary Service National Association was a project of NCVO. In 1991 this project became independent and was named the National Association of Councils for Voluntary Service (NACVS). In June 2006 NACVS was renamed the National Association for Voluntary and Community Action (NAVCA). Since January 2012, its Chief Executive has been Joe Irvin, who succeeded Kevin Curley.
Purpose.
NAVCA’s stated purpose is to promote the local voluntary and community sector nationally. It provides members with information, advice, networking and learning opportunities, support and development services and in turn it draws on its members' experience to influence government and contribute to national policy. Local support and development organisations are often known as Voluntary Action, Community Action or Council for Voluntary Service. These organisations support local charities, voluntary organisations and community groups by providing them with support, information and funding advice.
Campaigns.
NAVCA has led the campaign to defend grant funding and leads the Local Grants Forum, a coalition of 17 national charities that campaigns to protect grants for local voluntary organisations and community groups.
NAVCA is a partner of the Early Intervention Foundation, which supports the greater use of early intervention measures to tackle the root causes of social problems amongst children and young people, from 0-18 years old.
NAVCA advocates social value, whereby public authorities have regard to economic, social and environmental well-being when commissioning goods and services. NAVCA supported Chris White MP's private members bill that incorporated social value in legislation through the Public Services (Social Value) Act 2012. 
Membership.
NAVCA has a membership network of over 350 local support and development charities. It has approximately 290 full members and 60 affiliates who work with over 160,000 organisations that cover almost every local authority area in England, and provide advice, support and services to charities in their local area. NAVCA's members are listed in a directory of members and local contacts.

</doc>
<doc id="19886975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886975" title="French corvette Bayonnaise (1794)">
French corvette Bayonnaise (1794)

The Bayonnaise was a 24-gun corvette of the French Navy, formerly built in 1793 and operated as a privateer before being taken into the French Navy in March 1794. She became famous for her fight against HMS "Ambuscade" on 14 December 1798.
Her hull was coppered in 1795 in Brest.
In late 1798, under "lieutenant de vaisseau" Jean-Baptiste-Edmond Richer, she was used to ferry 120 prisoners from Rochefort to French Guyana. She ferried troops and despatches from Cayenne to Guadeloupe, and headed back for France.
She became famous for the Action of 14 December 1798, in which she captured the much stronger 32-gun HMS "Ambuscade" off the Gironde.
She fought in other skirmished until 28 November 1803, when she was beached and scuttled by fire to avoid capture by HMS "Ardent".
Bayonnaise's wreck located in Langosteira beach on works of "Finisterre Project".
Sources and references.
http://inadiscover.com/blogs/finisterre/

</doc>
<doc id="19886982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886982" title="Asclepias cryptoceras">
Asclepias cryptoceras

Asclepias cryptoceras is a species of milkweed known by the common names pallid milkweed, Humboldt Mountains milkweed, and cow-cabbage. It is native to the western United States, where it grows in many types of habitat, especially dry areas. This is a perennial herb growing low against the ground or drooping. It arises from a fleshy, woody rhizome-like root. The thick leaves are round to heart-shaped and arranged oppositely on the short stem. The inflorescence is a cluster of small flowers with centers of bright to dull pink hoods surrounded by pale-colored reflexed corollas. The fruit is a follicle held erect on a small stalk.
The Paiute people used the plant as a medicinal remedy, preparing the roots for headache and sores, and the latex for ringworm.

</doc>
<doc id="19886997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886997" title="Cubic 22">
Cubic 22

Cubic 22 were a dance music project, made up of two Belgian producers that first started recording in the early 1990s. Peter Ramson and Danny Van Wauwe also went on to issue material under various pseudonyms.
The duo were a part of the burgeoning house music scene that was starting to become popular in the UK, and released many songs prior to hitting it big with their sole single success.
That track, "Night in Motion", crossed over from the clubs to the pop chart in June 1991, eventually peaking at #15 after only three weeks. However, this would be the last of the group's singles to be popular on the UK Singles Chart, however they charted many more songs on the UK Dance Chart.
"Night in Motion" is featured in Dance Dance Revolution 4th Mix and Dance Dance Revolution Ultramix 2 as a playable song.
Singles.
"Night in Motion", UK #15, 6 July 1991

</doc>
<doc id="19886999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19886999" title="History of Luton Town F.C.">
History of Luton Town F.C.

The History of Luton Town Football Club is described in detail in two separate articles:

</doc>
<doc id="19887000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887000" title="Papyrus 12">
Papyrus 12

Papyrus 12 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), α 1033 (in the Soden numbering), designated by siglum formula_112, is an early copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Epistle to the Hebrews, it contains only Hebrews 1:1. The manuscript palaeographically has been assigned to ca. 285. It may have been a writing exercise or an amulet.
Description.
On the top of the second column another writer has penned Hebrews 1:1 in three lines. It has been written in a small uncial hand. On the verso of this manuscript another writer has penned Genesis 1:1-5 according to Septuaginta.
It has error of itacism (παλε instead of παλαι), the nomina sacra contracted (θς).
The Greek text of this codex probably is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type, but its text is too brief for certainty. Aland placed it in Category I. 
It supports textual variant with ημων as in codices formula_146c a t v vgmss syrp.
History.
The manuscript was discovered in 1897 by Grenfell and Hunt.
It is currently housed at The Morgan Library & Museum (Pap. Gr. 3; P. Amherst 3b) in New York City.

</doc>
<doc id="19887029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887029" title="Folwark (disambiguation)">
Folwark (disambiguation)

A folwark was a large Polish farm.
Folwark may also refer to the following villages in Poland:

</doc>
<doc id="19887033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887033" title="Sweet Sweet Kisses">
Sweet Sweet Kisses

Sweet Sweet Kisses is the first single from Duke Special’s third album "I Never Thought This Day Would Come". It was released on 17 October 2008 on Universal Music Ireland. The song was written by Duke Special and the album's producer Paul Pilot

</doc>
<doc id="19887038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887038" title="Chandrayaan">
Chandrayaan

Chandrayaan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19887042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887042" title="Appel de Blois">
Appel de Blois

Appel de Blois is an initiative by Liberté pour l’Histoire to work against legislative authorities criminalizing the past through the legislative, thus putting more and more obstacles in the way of historical research.
The initiative asks people to sign up under this

</doc>
<doc id="19887055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887055" title="Peadar Doyle">
Peadar Doyle

Peadar S. Doyle (died 4 August 1956) was an Irish politician. An engineer by profession, he was first elected to Dáil Éireann as a Cumann na nGaedheal Teachta Dála (TD) for the Dublin South constituency at the 1923 general election. He was re-elected at each subsequent general election until his death in 1956. From 1937 onwards, he was re-elected as a Fine Gael TD and from 1948 he was elected for the Dublin South–West constituency. He served as Lord Mayor of Dublin from 1941–43 and from 1945–46.

</doc>
<doc id="19887088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887088" title="Eli Ben-Menachem">
Eli Ben-Menachem

Eli Ben-Menachem (, born 24 November 1947) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Alignment, the Labor Party and One Israel between 1988 and 2006.
Biography.
Born in Bombay, Union of India (today Mumbai), Ben-Menachem immigrated to Israel in 1949. He studied at a military academy, and worked as an aircraft technician, eventually becoming chairman of the El Al workers' union.
In 1988 he was elected to the Knesset on the Alignment list. After being re-elected in 1992 (this time on the Labor Party list), he was appointed Deputy Minister in the Prime Minister's Office on 4 August 1992. On 8 April 1993 he became Deputy Minister of Housing and Construction, a post he held until Binyamin Netanyahu formed a Likud-led government in 1996. Following the 1996 elections, Ben-Menachem became chairman of the committee on Drug Abuse.
He was placed 27th on the One Israel list (an alliance of Labor, Gesher and Meimad) for the May 1999 elections, and lost his seat when the alliance won only 26 mandates. However, he re-entered the Knesset when Yossi Beilin resigned his seat in November that year. When Ariel Sharon formed a government of national unity in March 2001, he was appointed Deputy Minister of Industry and Trade, serving until Labor withdrew from the coalition in November 2002.
He retained his seat in the 2003 elections and became a Deputy Speaker of the Knesset. During Labor's stint in the Ariel Sharon government between January and November 2005, Ben-Menachem was re-appointed Deputy Minister of Housing and Construction.
After losing the slot on Labor's list reserved for the representative of poor neighbourhoods to Yoram Marciano, he left the party and joined Kadima. He lost his seat in the 2006 elections and today heads the Kadima faction in the Histadrut.
Ben-Menachem is married with three children, and lives in Tel Aviv.

</doc>
<doc id="19887089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887089" title="HMS Ambuscade (1773)">
HMS Ambuscade (1773)

HMS "Ambuscade" was a 32-gun fifth-rate frigate of the Royal Navy, built at Depford in 1773. The French captured her in 1798 but the British recaptured her in 1803. She was broken up in 1810.
American Revolution.
On 22 June 1779, after a short action, "Ambuscade" captured the French brig "Hélene", which was the former Royal Navy 14-gun sloop HMS "Helena". The Royal Navy took her back into service under her original name. Six days later "Ambuscade" captured the French privateer "Prince de Montbray". The privateer was possibly out of Granville and under the command of Captain Boisnard-Maisonneuve.
French Revolutionary Wars.
In August 1798 "Ambuscade", commanded by Captain Henry Jenkins, with and the hired armed cutter "Nimrod" captured the chasse maree "Francine" . Then "Ambuscade" shared with and "Stag", in the capture on 20 November of the "Hirondelle".
"Ambuscade" was blockading Rochefort, when the smaller French corvette "Bayonnaise captured her at the Action of 14 December 1798. The court martial exonerated Captain Henry Jenkins of "Ambuscade", though a good case could be made that he exhibited poor leadership and ship handling. The French brought her into service as "Embuscade".
Napoleonic Wars.
On 28 May 1803, HMS "Victory" recaptured her. The Royal Navy took her back into service as "Ambuscade".
In March 1805, she was attached to Sir James Craig's military expedition to Italy. Along with , Craig's flagship, and , "Ambuscade" escorted a fleet of transports to Malta.
On 4 March 1807, "Ambuscade" captured the ship "Istria". "Unité", , and were in company and shared in the prize money.
Fate.
"Ambuscade" was broken up in 1810.

</doc>
<doc id="19887094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887094" title="Asclepias eriocarpa">
Asclepias eriocarpa

Asclepias eriocarpa is a species of milkweed known by the common names woollypod milkweed, Indian milkweed, and kotolo.
Description.
"Asclepias eriocarpa" is an erect perennial herb which is usually coated in a thick layer of white hairs. The leaves are lance-shaped to oval, rippled, and arranged oppositely in pairs or in whorls of 3 or 4. The inflorescence is a large umbel-like cluster of flowers. Each flower is white to cream and usually tinted with bright pink. It has a central array of rounded hoods and a corolla reflexed against the stalk. The fruit is a large, woolly follicle.
Distribution.
"Asclepias eriocarpa" is native to California and adjacent parts of Nevada and Baja California, where it grows in many habitat types, especially dry areas.
Uses.
The plant was used as a source of fiber and medicine by several California Indian groups, including the Ohlone and Luiseño. The Concow tribe calls the plant bō’-kō (Konkow language).
Ecology.
"Asclepias eriocarpa" is a specific Monarch butterfly food and habitat plant.

</doc>
<doc id="19887109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887109" title="Pat Desmond">
Pat Desmond

Pat Desmond (1842–1890) was a lawman and gunman of the American Old West. He was listed as one of the twelve most underestimated gunmen of the Old West in the book ""Deadly Dozen"", written by Robert K. DeArment.
Early life.
Desmond was born in County Cork, Ireland, and descended from a long line of noblemen from South Munster, Ireland. His father had been imprisoned along with another relative, an Earl of Desmond, and his property confiscated by the English. In 1864, at the age of 22, Desmond emigrated to the United States. While working in mining camps in the US, he became a member of a revolutionary group called the Fenian Brotherhood, intent on overthrowing the English control in Ireland. The group was victorious in the 1866 Battle of Ridgeway, but ultimately the movement faltered when the United States intervened. Desmond was part of a force led by Fenian General John O'Neil that invaded Canada from Buffalo, New York. Pursued by a US force led by George G. Meade, the Fenian's were chased down and captured.
Desmond left for Chicago, Illinois following his release, and began working for the Chicago and North Western Transportation Company. By 1869, Desmond was working construction in Kansas. A few months later he had arrived in Kit Carson, Colorado, a town that had almost overnight exploded into a population of over 1,500 people. Desmond was appointed town constable, after which he hired Tom "Bear River" Smith as his deputy, and together the two made a name for themselves due to their abilities and controlling the town and its crime rate. By 1870, Smith had gone on to become the Marshal of Abilene, Kansas, where he would ultimately be killed in a gunfight, after which he was replaced by Wild Bill Hickok.
Life on the frontier.
Desmond left Kit Carson and owned a restaurant in Golden, Colorado, then later a saloon in Georgetown, Colorado. He went back to work for the railroad, and by 1872 he had married and settled in Pueblo, Colorado. Not long afterward he began working as a deputy for the Pueblo County, Colorado Sheriffs Office. He quickly developed a dangerous reputation, due mostly to his tendency to never back away from a fight. Those who remembered him often indicated that he almost welcomed a fight. This also led to his having a reputation for police brutality.
On December 6, 1877, Desmond arrested Robert Schalme, wanted for the murder of a butcher. Jailing Schalme in Georgetown, a mob shortly thereafter broke into the local jail and lynched him. Desmond would later act as the hangman in the execution of murderer Victor Nunez. In June 1879, Desmond assisted Ford County, Kansas Sheriff Bat Masterson in apprehending a Dodge City, Kansas escapee. That same month he found himself in the middle of the Royal Gorge War, fought between the workers for the Denver & Rio Grande Railroad, and the Santa Fe Railroad, over right of way. On June 11, 1879, Desmond led fifty men in taking over a telegraph office. Several men on both sides were killed during this time. Noted gunmen Ben Thompson and Doc Holliday were among the fifty led by Desmond.
Desmond and county sheriff Henley Price were arrested for the assault, and charged with numerous counts of murder. However, the charges were soon dismissed. By now, the newspaper "South Pueblo News" was hailing Desmond as the "best thief catcher in all the Pueblos". On June 28, 1881, Desmond captured an outlaw believed to be named Henry W. Burton, for a stagecoach robbery, quickly discovering that Burton was also wanted for two armed robberies in Arkansas. On July 1, 1881, Desmond boarded a train bound for Denver, Colorado, to transport Burton into the custody of Federal authorities.
When the train slowed while climbing a steep grade near Castle Rock, Colorado, Burton took advantage of the trains slow speed and jumped off. Desmond immediately pursued him, with both men running into the forest. Desmond fired three rounds, creasing Burton's head with one shot, knocking him to the ground. Upon reaching Denver, Desmond learned that his suspect was actually Hamilton "Ham" White, the most wanted stagecoach robber in the nation, with an outstanding reward on him for $1,200.
O'Connor/Desmond gunfight.
Back in Pueblo, on February 11, 1882, Desmond was summoned to Union Station where several African American men and women complained that a local police officer, John T. "Jack" O'Connor had abused them. Desmond located O'Connor, who was intoxicated, and the two became involved in an argument witnessed by Patrolman Rube Gutshall. Desmond fired O'Connor on the spot, enraging the latter. When Desmond went to remove O'Connor's badge, O'Connor punched him in the face, knocking Desmond down to the ground. O'Connor then went for his gun, and Desmond responded by drawing his own.
Desmond fired twice, hitting O'Connor with both rounds, in the left thigh. O'Connor fired three times, missing all three times. Gutshall, Deputy Dave Abrams, and Pinkerton Detective Bill Richardson then wrestled O'Connor into custody. For unknown reasons, no charges were ever filed against O'Connor, and in addition to firing O'Connor, Desmond suspended Gutshall alleging that the latter failed to back him up in the affair. This led to a bitter feud between the police department and the sheriff's office, and eventually the city council fired Desmond over the affair, and reinstated Gutshall and O'Connor. Henry Jameson was appointed as City Marshal to replace Desmond.
Desmond had ample support from citizen groups following this incident to run for the office of mayor, but he declined. He began drinking often, and in the months following the incident he became involved in numerous saloon brawls. In April 1882, his 8-year-old daughter Mamie died from diphtheria, which was ravaging Pueblo. Two weeks later, his 2-year-old son died from the same thing, further driving Desmond into despair. Two other sons were stricken with diphtheria, and hovered near death but survived. His wife, Annie, severely depressed over the loss of their two children, and extremely unhappy due to Desmond's increased drinking and her unhappiness at being in Pueblo all together, took their two remaining sons and moved to Peoria, Illinois. Desmond followed her there, and brought them back to Pueblo. The couple attempted to save the marriage, but divorced in November 1882.
Detective agency and after.
Desmond sold off his properties, making in excess of $15,000, and started the "Southern Colorado Detective Agency", in association with the "Rocky Mountain Detective Agency". He hired several former officers who had supported him during the earlier feud with the police department officials and the city, including Bill Richardson. He then began working as an independent force inside the town, something that was fiercely opposed by Marshal Henry Jameson and his department. Over the next few months, however, the detective agency made more arrests than the city police department, capturing several noted thieves and one murderer. This further led to discontent between Desmond and the police. In May 1883, Desmond captured noted horse thief Joe Ward, which led to a fight between Desmond and several local supporters of Ward.
On February 9, 1883, Desmond became involved in an argument with city police officer R.A. Caldwell, partly due to Caldwell's dislike of Desmond's detective agency, and partly over a local woman that both men had been involved with romantically. When Desmond was not looking, Caldwell hit him over the head with his pistol, causing the pistol to discharge and crease Desmond's head. Desmond recovered his senses partially, and staggered down the street. Recovering a few minutes later, Desmond took a pistol from a friend and returned in search of Caldwell. When the two men saw one another they both began firing.
One of Desmond's shots hit Caldwell in the shoulder, whereas Caldwell missed with every shot. When both had emptied their pistols, Caldwell ran to Desmond and again hit him over the head with his pistol. Marshal Jameson arrived shortly thereafter and took both men into custody. Two bystanders, George Wilson and Frank Howard, had been wounded by stray bullets. Charges were never filed against Caldwell, and charges against Desmond were later dismissed.
On January 2, 1884, Desmond's livery stable caught fire. Thirteen horses died in the fire, including a prized stallion. Desmond opted to not return to the livery business, and instead opened a saloon, called "Star". His detective agency languished, and eventually died out. He served again as a deputy sheriff, and as a constable, thus remaining in law enforcement. By 1885 he had remarried, to a woman named Eva, and although he continued to find himself involved in numerous bar brawls, the couple seemingly had a solid marriage.
On December 19, 1888, Desmond became involved in an argument with a man named Frank Owenby, who owed Desmond money. The incident took place inside the "A.C. Daniel's Drug Store", and the pharmacist present that day became concerned that it would become violent, and called the local police by way of police whistle. Jack O'Connor, the officer with whom Desmond had been involved in a gunfight six years prior, responded along with two other officers, Johnny Burke and Danny O'Kelly. The officers were able to calm the situation, and Desmond left.
However, half an hour later Desmond returned, obviously believing that Owenby would no longer be there, and in the company of his wife Eva. The two again argued, and Desmond advanced toward Owenby, unarmed except for a walking cane. Owenby drew a .38 caliber pistol and shot Desmond twice, wounding him, with Eva Desmond immediately jumping between the two men causing Owenby to stop shooting. Officers Caldwell and O'Kelly responded, arresting Owenby and calling for medical assistance for Desmond. Desmond recovered, and eventually the charges against Owenby were dropped short of a fine. Owenby would later brag of the shooting, and would eventually claim that he had killed Desmond that day, omitting the fact that Desmond was not only unarmed, but in fact did not die at all.
In the summer of 1889, Desmond and his wife Eva had moved to Ogden, Utah, opening the "Ogden River Resort". There, on the night of July 18, 1889, Desmond and Jack Williams, both drunk, became involved in an argument. Williams was much younger than Desmond, and quickly began getting the best of him during a fist fight. Seeing this, Eva Desmond ran forward and thrust a pistol into Desmond's hand. Desmond pushed the pistol into Williams' chest, but as he fired someone grabbed his arm causing the shot to go high, creasing Williams in the head. Patrons wrestled the pistol from Desmond, but he and Williams continued to fight. Eventually Desmond collapsed from fatigue, and the affair ended. No charges were ever filed against either man.
Closing the resort, again the couple moved, but later returned to Ogden. By that time, a feud over money owed to him by former employee Tom Todd had gotten out of control. Todd had a reputation also as a brawler, and had spent time in jail in Pueblo for shooting and wounding businessman Bert Reynolds. Desmond and Todd became involved in an argument over the affair one night inside the "Bear Saloon", and Desmond drew his pistol. However, Todd was unarmed, and the saloon owner, Gus Vogus, was an old friend to Desmond and was able to calm the situation and allow Todd to leave.
On the night of February 28, 1890, Desmond met Todd and another man, Tom O'Neil, inside the "Little King Saloon". The three men had drinks, and seemingly by later accounts seemed to be getting along fine. They left, moving down the street to the "Capital Saloon", where they continued drinking. Shortly after their arrival, Todd saw bartender W.P. Collier secretly pass something to Desmond, which Desmond then placed into his pocket. Desmond then, in an obvious attempt to goad Todd into a fight, removed a handkerchief and some white gloves from Todd's coat pocket. Todd demanded the property back, and versions conflict as to what exactly happened next. Todd claimed Desmond pulled a pistol, but witnesses said that never happened.
Witness and musician E.T. Roach stated that shots rang out, and he saw Desmond holding his shoulder, at which point more shots sounded. Desmond fell over onto the floor, at which point Todd leisurely strode over and shot more shots into Desmond's prone body. A gun was found on Desmond's person, in his pocket, but in his hand he held only a cigar. Todd was arrested and charged with murder, yet he claimed self defense. Desmond's wife Eva returned her husband's body to Pueblo, where he was buried. His estate was worth $75,000 at the time of his death, leaving his widow and children financially secure. Tom Todd was convicted of manslaughter, and sentenced to five years in prison. After his release, he shot and killed another man in Arapahoe County, Colorado, and was sentenced to eight years in prison. He escaped from jail, and disappeared.

</doc>
<doc id="19887154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887154" title="Inezia (plant)">
Inezia (plant)

Inezia is a South African genus created by Edwin Percy Phillips in a Kew Bulletin of 1932. 
Etymology.
The genus honours Inez Clare Verdoorn (1896-1989), a South African taxonomist.
Decription.
The species Inezia integrifolia was first described by Klatt as "Lidbeckia integrifolia" and occurs in the north-eastern Transvaal and Swaziland. It is described by Phillips as ""a perennial herb with unbranched stems from a woody rootstock; leaves alternate, linear to lanceolate, punctate, pilose; heads solitary, terminal, peduncled.""

</doc>
<doc id="19887162" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887162" title="Podborek (disambiguation)">
Podborek (disambiguation)

Podborek is a village in Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, south-central Poland.
Podborek may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19887192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887192" title="Inam-ul-Haq">
Inam-ul-Haq

Inam-ul-Haq may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19887198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887198" title="Jalan Labu">
Jalan Labu

Jalan Labu, Federal Route (362) (Formerly Negeri Sembilan state route ) is a federal road in Negeri Sembilan, Malaysia. 
Route background.
The Kilometre Zero of the Federal Route 3265 starts at Seremban.
Features.
Notable features.
At most section, the Federal Route 362 was built under the JKR R5 road standard, allowing maximum speed limit of up to 90 km/h.

</doc>
<doc id="19887210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887210" title="John Law (film director)">
John Law (film director)

John Lo Mar, also known as Lo Mar, was a Hong Kong film director and screenwriter best known for his films of the 1970s.
Film career.
He began as an actor in the late 1950s, appearing in films such as "The Lady Of Mystery" (1957), "The Black Fox" (1962), Love Eterne (1963) and "The Empress Wu Tse-Tien" (1963). His debut film, "The Lady of Mystery" was produced by Runde Shaw, and Law was cast alongside actors such as 
Lee Tiu, Li Xianglan and Zhao Lei.
He wrote the script for the 1961 film "The Search Of Loved One " but by 1968 he had moved into directing and writing, directing his first film in this year entitled "A Time for Reunion ", a film which starred Alan Tang who would feature in many of his later films in the 1970s.
In the 1970s, John began working under the renowned Hong Kong film studios, Shaw Studio, responsible for producing many of Hong Kong's classic martial arts film during this period. In 1976 John directed and wrote the script for "The Girlie Bar", an adult film oriented drama featuring Chan Ping, Yau Fung, Lin Chen Chi and James Nam and Tony Liu. Similarly his film later that year "Bruce Lee and I" starred Betty Ting, Danny Lee, Yuen Cheung and Tony Liu. His 1977 romance film Orchid In The Rain, which also starred frequent star in his films, Alan Tang, Brigitte Lin also pushed boundaries in terms of intimacy on screen. 
He would however, direct several kung fu films, notably in 1979 the films "Monkey Kung Fu" and
"Five Super Fighters", and "Boxer From The Temple " in 1981. "Boxer From The Temple" was to be his last film as a director and under Shaw Studios and his career would come to an end in the film industry.

</doc>
<doc id="19887224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887224" title="Papyrus 14">
Papyrus 14

Papyrus 14 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), α 1036 (in the Soden's numbering), signed by formula_114, is an early copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript written in form of codex. The manuscript palaeographically has been assigned to the 5th century. 
Description.
The manuscript contains the text of the First Epistle to the Corinthians (1:25-27; 2:6-8; 3:8-10; 3:19-20). The manuscript is written in 1 column per page.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Aland placed it in Category II. 
It was discovered in Saint Catherine's Monastery on Mount Sinai in Egypt by J. Rendel Harris, who published its text in 1890. It was also examined by Schofield.
The manuscript currently is housed at the Saint Catherine's Monastery (Harris 14).

</doc>
<doc id="19887263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887263" title="Innovative Technology Experiences for Students">
Innovative Technology Experiences for Students

Funded by the National Science Foundation, the Innovative Technology Experiences for Students and Teachers (ITEST) program was established in 2003 to address the looming shortage of technology workers in the United States. ITEST engages students and teachers in authentic, hands-on learning experiences in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (commonly referred to as 'STEM' or 'SET' common in the U.K.). ITEST helps students and teachers build the skills needed to succeed in a science- and technology-driven world.
As of early 2012, the program is in its ninth year. Over 195 individual projects across 43 states have been funded. It has impacted:
The ITEST Learning Resource Center (ITEST LRC) at Education Development Center assists the projects in building bridges between formal and informal learning by facilitating an inclusive community of practice. Findings and lessons learned are shared nationally to improve policy and practice. Visit the website with the link below, or view a 2 page overview (Snapshot).
(1) http://www.nsf.gov/funding/pgm_summ.jsp?pims_id=5467
(2) http://itestlrc.edc.org/
(3) http://itestlrc.edc.org/sites/itestlrc.edc.org/files/Snapshot_2012_Final.pdf

</doc>
<doc id="19887268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887268" title="The Eamon Lowe Show">
The Eamon Lowe Show

The Eamon Lowe Show is a popular satirical radio programme broadcast on Today FM. The show takes a unique look at life in Ireland under the now defunct Celtic Tiger. The presenter, Eamon Lowe, presents the show live from Dundalk and describes it as "wriggling in underneath the Tiger and taking a right good look at her underbelly". Issues focused on include the Church, sex, the environment, policing, obesity and the arts. It is broadcast on Today FM each Sunday at 10:00 with an uncensored version airing at 22:00 that night.
Episode guide.
Some episodes are available for listening purposes online. 

</doc>
<doc id="19887290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887290" title="Papyrus 15">
Papyrus 15

Papyrus 15 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), signed by formula_115, is an early copy of the New Testament in Greek. It was originally a papyrus manuscript of the Pauline Corpus of letters, but now only contains 1 Corinthians 7:18-8:4. The manuscript has been palaeographically assigned to the 3rd century. 
Description.
The manuscript is written in a documentary hand. There is about 37-38 lines per page. Grenfeld and Hunt conjectured that formula_115 and formula_116 might have been part of the same manuscript. Both manuscripts have the same formation of letters, line space, and punctuation. 
The Greek text of this codex is probably a representative of the Alexandrian text-type, however the text is too brief to determine this exactly. Aland placed it in Category I. 
It was the last papyrus classified by Gregory (in 1915).
Currently housed at the Egyptian Museum (JE 47423) in Cairo.

</doc>
<doc id="19887297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887297" title="List of FA Cup finals">
List of FA Cup finals

The Football Association Challenge Cup, commonly known as the FA Cup, is a knockout competition in English football, organised by and named after The Football Association (the FA). It is the oldest existing football competition in the world, having commenced in the 1871–72 season. The tournament is open to all clubs in the top ten levels of the English football league system, although a club's home stadium must meet certain requirements prior to entering the tournament. The competition culminates at the end of the league season usually in May with the FA Cup Final, officially named The Football Association Challenge Cup Tie, which has traditionally been regarded as the showpiece finale of the English football season.
All of the final venues, apart from three, have been in London with most being played at the original Wembley Stadium, which was used from 1923 until the stadium closed in 2000. The new stadium of the same name has been the permanent venue of the final since 2007. Other venues used for the final prior to 1923 were Kennington Oval, Crystal Palace, Stamford Bridge and Lillie Bridge, all in London, Goodison Park in Liverpool and Fallowfield Stadium and Old Trafford in Manchester. The Millennium Stadium in Cardiff hosted the final for six years (2001–2006), while the new Wembley Stadium was under construction. Other grounds have been used for replays, which until 1999 took place if the initial match ended in a draw.
As of 2013, the record for the most wins is held by Manchester United with 11 victories, followed by Arsenal with 10 and Tottenham Hotspur with 8. The cup has been won by the same team in two or more consecutive years on eight occasions, and three teams have won consecutive finals more than once: Wanderers, Blackburn Rovers and Tottenham Hotspur. The cup has been won by a non-English team once. The cup is currently held by Wigan Athletic, who defeated Manchester City in the 2013 final. This made The Latics the first team ever to be relegated and win the cup in the same year.
History.
The winners of the first tournament were Wanderers, a team of former public schoolboys based in London, who went on to win the competition five times in its first seven seasons. The early winners of the competition were all teams of wealthy amateurs from the south of England, but in 1883, Blackburn Olympic became the first team from the north to win the cup, defeating Old Etonians. Upon his team's return to Blackburn, Olympic captain Albert Warburton proclaimed: "The Cup is very welcome to Lancashire. It'll have a good home and it'll never go back to London."
With the advent of professionalism at around the same time, the amateur teams quickly faded from prominence in the competition. The leading professional clubs formed The Football League in 1888. Since then, one non-league team has won the cup. Tottenham Hotspur, then of the Southern League, defeated Sheffield United of The Football League to win the 1901 final. A year later Sheffield United returned to the final and won the cup, which then remained in the hands of northern and Midland clubs until Tottenham won it again in 1921. In 1927, Cardiff City, a team which plays in the English Football League despite being based in Wales, won the cup, the only non-English club to do so. Scottish club Queens Park reached the final twice in the early years of the competition.
Newcastle United enjoyed a brief spell of FA Cup dominance in the 1950s, winning the trophy three times in five years, and in the 1960s, Tottenham Hotspur enjoyed a similar spell of success, with three wins in seven seasons. This marked the start of a successful period for London-based clubs, with 11 wins in 22 seasons. Teams from the second tier of English football, at the time called the Second Division, experienced an unprecedented run of cup success between 1973 and 1980. Sunderland won the cup in 1973, Southampton repeated the feat in 1976, and West Ham United won in 1980, the most recent victory by a team from outside the top division. Since Wimbledon's win in 1988, the so-called "Big Four" clubs of English football, Manchester United, Liverpool, Arsenal and Chelsea, have between them won the cup 19 times in 22 seasons. Of the last ten finals played at Wembley, the last four finals at the old stadium and the first six at the new stadium, Chelsea have won six.
Finals.
Until 1999, a draw in the final would result in the match being replayed at a later date; since then the final has always been decided on the day, with a penalty shootout as required. As of 2013 a penalty shoot-out has been required on only two occasions, in the 2005 and 2006 finals. The competition did not take place during the First and Second World Wars, other than in the 1914–15 season, when it was completed, and the 1939–40 season, when it was abandoned during the qualifying rounds.
Key.
All teams are English, except where marked (Scottish) or (Welsh).
Results.
A. The official attendance for the 1923 final was reported as 126,047, but the actual figure is believed to be anywhere between 150,000 and 300,000.
Results by team.
Teams shown in "italics" are no longer in existence. Additionally, Queen's Park ceased to be eligible to enter the FA Cup after a Scottish Football Association ruling in 1887.
A. Sheffield Wednesday's total includes two wins and one defeat under the earlier name of The Wednesday.
B. Wimbledon relocated in 2004 from south London to Milton Keynes rebranding the club as Milton Keynes Dons, however the current incarnation of the club contends that it was founded in 2004 and does not lay claim to the history or honours (including the FA Cup win) of Wimbledon.

</doc>
<doc id="19887305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887305" title="John Greaves (disambiguation)">
John Greaves (disambiguation)

John Greaves (1602–1652) was an English mathematician and antiquary.
John Greaves may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19887328" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887328" title="The Black Fox">
The Black Fox

The Black Fox (黑狐狸) is a 1962 Hong Kong thriller film directed by Yan Jun. The film was produced under the Shaw Brothers banner in the mandarin language.

</doc>
<doc id="19887343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887343" title="Harirampur">
Harirampur

Harirampur is a upazilla of West Bangal in India.
History.
Jhitka is one of the greatest village in our locality. Jhitka "Bapare para" is very beautiful all of the para in our union. There are three gold man's lived in our papa. Juwel sikder is studying in dhaka university, Rubel is studying in Deben-dro college and joti is studying in southeast Missouri state university in usa.

</doc>
<doc id="19887353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887353" title="Cape Preston">
Cape Preston

Cape Preston is a rocky headland located in the Pilbara region of Western Australia and is situated West South West from Karratha.
Cape Preston is a standard Bureau of Meteorology reference point for coastal weather reports, it is located between Wallal and North West Cape.
The area is noted for its rich marine biodiversity and contains a large number of species of crustaceans, corals, molluscs, fish and echinoderms. A number of habitats suitable for sustaining exist around the cape including mangroves, sandy beaches, algal meadows, coral reefs, roxky reefs and soft sediment communities.
Resources company Austeel was granted permission to build an Iron Ore operation in the area in 2003 following environmental approval being given by then minister Judy Edwards.
Construction of the operation was to commence in late 2004.
A contract was awarded to develop the mine to a Chinese company, China Metallurgical Group Corp, in 2007.
The project, estimated to cost $1.98 billion, is to include the magnetite mine, a water desalination plant, a thermal power plant and port facilities.
On 23 April 1989, the caregory four Tropical Cyclone Orson hit the cape. four Indonesian fisherman were killed.
See also.
Coastal regions of Western Australia

</doc>
<doc id="19887375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887375" title="Abdel Aziz Khoja">
Abdel Aziz Khoja

Abdelaziz Khoja was born in 1942. He holds a bachelor's degree in chemistry and geology from the Riyadh University and a PhD degree in chemistry from the University of Birmingham. He worked as a chemistry teacher in the Faculty of Education in Mecca. He was appointed as dean of the Faculty of Education and as general supervisor of the university in Mecca. He also worked as a teacher in King Abdulaziz University, assumed the position of the undersecretary of the Information Ministry for media affairs, and was the general director of the Gulf Television. Moreover, he was the head of several councils, including the Executive Council of the Organization of Radio Stations in Islamic States, the Executive Council of Islamic News Agency, and a number of media conferences. Khoja is also a member of several councils. He joined the diplomatic corps at the end of the 1980s, when he was appointed as ambassador to several states, including Turkey, the Soviet Union, and the Kingdom of Morocco. Most recently before being appointed as Information and Culture Minister on 14 February 2009, Khoja was Saudi ambassador to Lebanon.
In addition to his work in the diplomatic and academic fields, the Saudi information minister is considered one of the most prominent poets in modern Saudi literature. He has several collections of poetry and published poems, in addition to some scientific writings in the fields of chemistry and reaction mechanism. Moreover, as a poet and intellectual, he is the subject of several literary studies and criticism.

</doc>
<doc id="19887379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887379" title="Get Me Some (album)">
Get Me Some (album)

Get Me Some is an album by The Jeff Healey Band. It was released in 2000.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="19887405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887405" title="Mark Weldon (New Zealand)">
Mark Weldon (New Zealand)

Mark Rhys Weldon, QSO (born 19 September 1967 in Auckland in New Zealand) has achieved prominence as a business leader and a sportsman.
Career.
Weldon has served as the CEO of NZX Limited (NZX). NZX runs the national stock exchange located in Wellington, New Zealand. NZX also runs the national energy markets, derivative markets, and has a growing commodities focus in both the markets (grain, dairy) and information areas. NZX also runs New Zealand's only clearing and settlement infrastructure - clearing, settling and managing risk in exchange-traded products. When Weldon took over NZX, it was a mutual organization that had nearly been sold to the ASX for a peppercorn. He led the exchange through a demutualization and a listing. In the 8 years following its listing in 2003, shareholders in NZX received average annual returns of 24%. Since 2002, new business lines in clearing, settlement, information, commodities, and derivatives have been established in New Zealand and Australia. 
Weldon previously worked at Skadden, Arps in New York, and also at McKinsey & Company, also in New York. 
Weldon has given a significant amount of time to public policy and to "NZ Inc". Some of the things in this area he has done include:
From 2012-12 Weldon served on the board of High Performance Sport New Zealand, appointed by the government along with Hamish Carter as independent members to drive an enhanced focus on high performance sport. He was previously on the Board of the New Zealand Olympic Committee (2004-2006).
Since leaving NZX Weldon have invested in the wine industry, buying vineyards on Felton Road, Bannockburn, and launching the Terra Sancta label.
Background.
Weldon represented New Zealand as a swimmer at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain in the Men's 50m freestyle and in the 4 x 100m freestyle relay. He also swam for New Zealand at the 1990 Commonwealth Games in Auckland, and won numerous national titles, with national records. 
Weldon has BCom, BA, and MCom (First Class Hons) degrees from the University of Auckland, and a Juris Doctor degree and a diploma in International Law (Hons) from Columbia Law School in New York.
Recognition.
Weldon received a Queen's Service Order (QSO) in the 2012 Queen's Birthday Honours List; 
Weldon received a Distinguished Alumni Award in 2006 from the University of Auckland., and was also an annaugral Blake Leader Emerging Leader in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19887424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887424" title="Holmes, Pennsylvania">
Holmes, Pennsylvania

Holmes is an unincorporated community in Ridley Township, Delaware County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is located at (39.9042791, -75.3085204).
History.
The town was named for Richard Holmes a farmer whose family lived in Holmes for almost 100 years. The family's homestead stood where the MacDade Mall stands today.

</doc>
<doc id="19887425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887425" title="Bobby Wayne Woods">
Bobby Wayne Woods

Bobby Wayne Woods (October 11, 1965 – December 3, 2009) was a convicted American murderer, kidnapper and rapist executed by the state of Texas for the murder and rape of 11-year old Sarah Patterson in 1997. Woods also received a 40-year sentence for the abduction of Patterson's younger brother, whom he beat unconscious and left for dead but who survived. On May 28, 1998, Woods was sentenced to death for Patterson's murder and was executed on December 3, 2009 after a failed appeal based on Woods's low IQ.
Biography.
A seventh-grade dropout, Woods was so illiterate that he had to refer to a spelling list just to write simple notes to his family. He had IQ scores of 80 and 78 during elementary school. His IQ score right before his murder trial was 70, and another in 2002 returned 68. Woods also worked as a short-order cook and roofer.
On April 30, 1997, Woods entered the home of his ex-girlfriend Schwana Patterson through the open window of her children's bedroom; Patterson had expelled Woods two months earlier. Woods then kidnapped Patterson's two children, 11-year-old Sarah Patterson and 9-year-old Cody Patterson, and raped Sarah. After driving to a cemetery, Woods beat and stomped Cody's head, strangled Cody, and abandoned the boy at the cemetery. Cody notified police, and Woods told police that Sarah was dead and led the police to her body.
Trial.
Because the Woods case was heavily reported in Dallas-area media, Woods's trial was held in Llano, Texas. During his trial Woods admitted to kidnapping Patterson's children and beating Cody Patterson unconscious. A psychologist representing the defense but who did not evaluate Woods testified that Woods was mentally retarded and no longer a threat to society. In response, a psychiatrist representing prosecution testified that Woods was not mentally retarded and could commit future violent crimes. Woods, a resident of Granbury, Texas, was sentenced to death on May 28, 1998.
Patterson was also tried on charges of child neglect and was found guilty on October 14, 1998. She was sentenced to 23 years in prison.
Execution.
Woods was scheduled to be executed at 6 p.m. on October 23, 2008. However, the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals delayed the execution after lawyers raised issue that Woods's IQ would make him ineligible for the death penalty due to the United States Supreme Court case "Atkins v. Virginia". That court ruled 8-1 on October 7, 2009 that there was insufficient evidence that Woods was retarded. The Supreme Court of the United States denied Woods's appeal hours before Woods's final execution day.
Woods was executed at 6:48 p.m. local time on December 3, 2009 in the Huntsville Unit state prison. He was the 50th murderer executed in the U.S. in 2009 and 1,186th since the U.S. Supreme Court ruled capital punishment constitutional in the 1976 case "Gregg v. Georgia". In Texas, Woods was the 24th murderer executed in 2009 and 447th executed since 1976.

</doc>
<doc id="19887440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887440" title="Indium gallium zinc oxide">
Indium gallium zinc oxide

Indium gallium zinc oxide (IGZO) is a semiconducting material, consisting of indium (In), gallium (Ga), zinc (Zn) and oxygen (O), and often abbreviated as "IGZO". IGZO thin-film transistor (TFT) is used in the TFT backplane of flat-panel displays (FPDs). IGZO-TFT was developed by Professor Hideo Hosono's group at Tokyo Institute of Technology and Japan Science and Technology Agency (JST) in 2003 (crystalline IGZO-TFT) and in 2004 (amorphous IGZO-TFT). IGZO-TFT has 20-50 times higher mobilities than that of amorphous silicon, which has been used for current liquid-crystal displays (LCDs) and electronic papers; therefore, IGZO-TFT can improve operation speed, resolution and size of flat-panel displays, and is also considered as one of the most promising thin-film transistors to drive organic light-emitting diode (OLED) displays.
IGZO-TFT and applications are patented by JST, and have been licensed to Samsung Electronics in 2011, Sharp in 2012, etc.
Sharp started the world's first production of LCD panels Incorporating IGZO-TFT in 2012. Sharp employs IGZO-TFT for smartphones, tablets, 32" LCD, etc, in which the aperture ratio of the LCD is improved by up to 20%, and power consumption is improved by LCD idling stop technology owing to the high mobility and low off current of IGZO-TFT. Sharp started to release high pixel-density panels for notebook applications. IGZO-TFT is also employed in 14" 3,200x1,800 LCD of an ultrabook PC supplied from Fujitsu and 55" OLED TV supplied from LG Electronics.
Its advantage over zinc oxide is that it can be deposited as a uniform amorphous phase while retaining the high carrier mobility common to oxide semiconductors. The transistors are slightly photo-sensitive, but the effect becomes significant only in the deep violet to ultra-violet (photon energy above 3 eV), offering the possibility of a fully transparent transistor.

</doc>
<doc id="19887442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887442" title="David Lewis (poet)">
David Lewis (poet)

David Lewis (1682 – April 1760) was an 18th-century British poet.
Life.
Lewis was the son of Roger Lewis of Llanddewi Felffre, in the county of Pembrokeshire, and was probably born in Wales. He studied at Jesus College, Oxford, matriculating in 1698 and obtaining his Bachelor of Arts degree in 1702. He was undermaster at Westminster School (1726–1732). During this time, he started to publish poetry, beginning in 1726 with "Miscellaneous Poems by Several Hands", mixing various styles of poetry from different London-based poets from Oxford and Cambridge. Some, unidentified, poems were by Lewis himself. The collection contained the final revision of John Dyer's "Grongar Hill" as well as the first draft of Alexander Pope's "Vital spark of heavenly flame" (1712). Lewis and Pope were in contact thereafter, and Pope's support was acknowledged by Lewis in the introduction to "Philip of Macedon", a tragedy by Lewis performed in May 1727. A second volume of poetry, by various people (including Lewis) was published in 1730. Lewis died at Low Leyton in Essex in April 1760, and was buried at Leyton church. His wife, Mary, died in 1774 and was buried with him.

</doc>
<doc id="19887452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887452" title="Trenchtown Mix Up">
Trenchtown Mix Up

Trenchtown Mix Up was The Gladiators' debut LP, recorded at Joe Gibbs' studio and released in 1976 on TR International/Virgin Records'. It included re-recordings of two songs originally recorded at Studio One ("Mix Up", originally titled "Bongo Red", and their 1968 debut release "Hello Carol"), and also included cover versions of Bob Marley's "Soul Rebel" and "Rude Boy Ska". Jo-Ann Greene, writing for Allmusic, said of the album: "Everything about this set is masterful, and it remains a classic".
Track listing.
All songs by Albert Griffiths unless noted.

</doc>
<doc id="19887471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887471" title="Service Award Cross">
Service Award Cross

A Service Award Cross ("Dienstauszeichnungskreuz") was an award for long-time service as a civil servant or member of the military. Prussia had a service cross for 25-years service for officers as well as service awards in the form of buckles for nine-, 15 - and 25-years' service in the active Army.
In addition, there was a Landwehr Service Award in two categories: a cross for 20-years service by officers and a buckle for 12-years' service by officers and men of the Landwehr if they took part in a campaign or had served at least three months on active service convened for an extraordinary initiative.
Similar rules and orders - mostly in Prussian-like orders - were produced in the kingdoms of Bavaria and Saxony. Even in the Weimar Republic, the Third Reich and other states there were distinctions for long periods of service. The German Federal Republic had service awards, not restored on German unification.

</doc>
<doc id="19887509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887509" title="Service award">
Service award

A Service award was awarded by a country to a soldier or civilian for long service. It is comparable to a service medal but can be awarded to civilians as well as soldiers.
Germany.
Third Reich.
The NSDAP awarded the NSDAP-Dienstauszeichnung for 25 (Gold), 15 (Silver) and 10 (Bronze) years' service, whilst the SS awarded a separate SS-Dienstauszeichnung.
The Wehrmacht awarded the 4-class Dienstauszeichnung for 4 (silver medal); 12 (gold medal); 18 (silver cross) and 25 (gold cross) years' service, with oak leaves on the first class for 40 years.
Similarly there was a Loyal Service Medal for active members of the German police or "an administrator" in the police service known as the Polizei Dienstauszeichnung. In addition there was a Service Award for Public Work.
Austrian Empire.
From 1849 it awarded a cross made out of cannon-metal for military service.

</doc>
<doc id="19887511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887511" title="Film1 Action">
Film1 Action

Film1 Action is a Dutch premium television channel owned by Liberty Global. Its main focus is on thriller, action and horror films. Film1 launched together with its sister service Sport1 on February 1, 2006 and replaced the Canal+ Netherlands television channels. Film1 offers multiple channels with Dutch and international film and television series productions. On October 1, 2008 Film1 launched Film1 Action.
The channel is available on most digital cable providers, satellite provider CanalDigitaal and IPTV provider Tele2. DVB-T provider Digitenne does not provide Film1.

</doc>
<doc id="19887527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887527" title="Availability cascade">
Availability cascade

An availability cascade is a self-reinforcing cycle that explains the development of certain kinds of collective beliefs. A novel idea or insight, usually one that seems to explain a complex process in a simple or straightforward manner, gains rapid currency in the popular discourse by its very simplicity and by its apparent insightfulness. Its rising popularity triggers a chain reaction within the social network: individuals adopt the new insight because other people within the network have adopted it, and on its face it seems plausible. The reason for this increased use and popularity of the new idea involves both the availability of the previously obscure term or idea, and the need of individuals using the term or idea to appear to be current with the stated beliefs and ideas of others, regardless of whether they in fact fully believe in the idea that they are expressing. Their need for social acceptance, and the apparent sophistication of the new insight, overwhelm their critical thinking.
The idea of the availability cascade was first developed by Timur Kuran and Cass Sunstein as a variation of information cascades mediated by the availability heuristic, with the addition of reputational cascades. The availability cascade concept has been highly influential in finance theory and regulatory research, particular with respect to assessing and regulating risk.
Cascade Elements.
Availability cascades occur in a society via public discourse (e.g. the public sphere and the news media) or over social networks—sets of linked actors in one or more of several roles. These actors process incoming information to form their private beliefs according to various rules, both rational and semi-rational. The semi-rational rules include the heuristics, in particular the availability heuristic. The actors then behave and express their public beliefs according to self-interest, which might cause their publicly expressed beliefs to deviate from their privately held beliefs. In The Tipping Point, Malcolm Gladwell defines three significant roles: connectors, mavens ("information specialists"), and salesmen ("persuaders"). Kuran and Sunstein emphasize the role of availability entrepreneurs, agents willing to invest resources into promoting a belief in order to derive some personal benefit. Other availability entrepreneurs with opposing interests may wage availability counter-campaigns. Other key roles include journalists and politicians, both of which are subject to economic and reputational pressures, the former in competition in the media, the latter for political status. As resources (e.g. attention and money) are limited, beliefs compete with one another in the "availability market". A given incident and subsequent availability campaign may succeed in raising the availability of one issue at the expense of other issues.
Belief Formation.
Dual process theory posits that human reasoning is divided into two systems, often called System 1 and System 2. System 1 is automatic and unconscious; other terms used for it include the implicit system, the experiential system, the associative system, and the heuristic system. System 2 is evolutionarily recent and specific to humans, performing the more slow and sequential thinking. It is also known as the explicit system, the rule-based system, the rational system, or the analytic system. In The Happiness Hypothesis, Jonathan Haidt refers to System 1 and System 2 as the elephant and the rider: while human beings incorporate reason into their beliefs, whether via direct use of facts and logic or their application as a test to hypotheses formed by other means, it is the elephant that is really in charge.
Cognitive Biases.
Heuristics are simple, efficient rules which people often use to form judgments and make decisions. They are mental shortcuts that replace a complex problem with a simpler one. These rules work well under most circumstances, but they can lead to systematic deviations from logic, probability or rational choice theory. The resulting errors are called "cognitive biases" and many different types have been documented. These have been shown to affect people's choices in situations like valuing a house or deciding the outcome of a legal case. Heuristics usually govern automatic, intuitive judgments but can also be used as deliberate mental strategies when working from limited information. While seemingly irrational, the cognitive biases may be interpreted as the result of bounded rationality, with human beings making decisions while economizing time and effort.
Kuran and Sunstein describe the availability heuristic as more fundamental than the other heuristics: besides being important in its own right, it enables and amplifies the others, including framing, representativeness, anchoring, and reference points.
Availability Heuristic.
Even educated human beings are notoriously poor at thinking statistically. The availability heuristic, first identified by Daniel Kahneman and Amos Tversky, is a mental shortcut that occurs when people judge the probability of events by how easy it is to think of examples. The availability heuristic operates on the notion that, "if you can think of it, it must be important." Availability can be influenced by the emotional power of examples and by their perceived frequency; while personal, first-hand incidents are more available than those that happened to others, availability can be skewed by the media. In his book Thinking, Fast and Slow, Kahneman cites the examples of celebrity divorces and airplane crashes; both are more often reported by the media, and thus tend to be exaggerated in perceived frequency.
Examples.
An important class of judgments is those concerning risk: the expectation of harm to result from a given threat, a function of the threat's likelihood and impact. Changes in perceived risk result in risk compensation—correspondingly more or less mitigation, including precautionary measures and support for regulation. Kuran and Sunstein offer three examples of availability cascades—Love Canal, the Alar scare, and TWA Flight 800—in which a spreading public panic led to growing calls for increasingly expensive government action to deal with risks that turned out later to be grossly exaggerated. Others have used the term "culture of fear" to refer to the habitual achieving of goals via such fear appeals, notably in the case of the threat of terrorism.
Disease Threats.
In the early years of the HIV/AIDS epidemic, many believed that the disease received less attention than warranted, in part due to the stigma attached to its sufferers. Since that time advocates— availability entrepreneurs that include LGBT activists and conservative Surgeon General of the United States C. Everett Koop—have succeeded in raising awareness to achieve significant funding. Similarly, awareness and funding for breast cancer and prostate cancer are high, thanks in part to the availability of these diseases. Other prevalent diseases competing for funding but lacking the availability of HIV/AIDS or cancer include lupus, sickle-cell anemia, and tuberculosis.
Vaccination Scares.
The MMR vaccine controversy was an example of an unwarranted health scare. It was triggered by the publication in 1998 of a paper in the medical journal "The Lancet" which presented apparent evidence that autism spectrum disorders could be caused by the MMR vaccine, an immunization against measles, mumps and rubella.
In 2004, investigations by "Sunday Times" journalist Brian Deer revealed that the lead author of the article, Andrew Wakefield, had multiple undeclared conflicts of interest, had manipulated evidence, and had broken other ethical codes. The "Lancet" paper was partially retracted in 2004 and fully retracted in 2010, and Wakefield was found guilty of professional misconduct. The scientific consensus is that no evidence links the vaccine to the development of autism, and that the vaccine's benefits greatly outweigh its risks.
The claims in Wakefield's 1998 "The Lancet" article were widely reported; vaccination rates in the UK and Ireland dropped sharply, which was followed by significantly increased incidence of measles and mumps, resulting in deaths and severe and permanent injuries. Reaction to vaccine controversies has contributed to a significant increase in preventable diseases including measles and pertussis (whooping cough), which in 2011 experienced its worst outbreak in 70 years as a result of reduced vaccination rates. 
Concerns about immunization safety often follow a pattern: some investigators suggest that a medical condition is an adverse effect of vaccination; a premature announcement is made of the alleged adverse effect; the initial study is not reproduced by other groups; and finally, it takes several years to regain public confidence in the vaccine.
Global Warming.
Extreme weather events provide opportunities to raise the availability of global warming. In the United States, the mass media devoted little coverage to global warming until the drought of 1988, and the testimony of James E. Hansen to the United States Senate, which explicitly attributed "the abnormally hot weather plaguing our nation" to global warming. The global warming controversy has attracted availability entrepreneurs on both sides, e.g. the book Merchants of Doubt claiming that scientific consensus had long ago been reached, and climatologist Patrick Michaels providing the skeptical viewpoint.
Gun Violence.
The media inclination to sensationalism results in a tendency to devote disproportionate coverage to sympathetic victims (e.g. missing white woman syndrome), terrifying assailants (e.g. Media coverage of the Virginia Tech massacre), and incidents with multiple victims. Though half the victims of gun violence in the United States are black, generally young urban black males, media coverage and public awareness spike after suburban school shootings, as do calls for stricter gun control laws.
International Adoption Scandals.
International adoption scandals receive disproportionate attention in the countries of adoptees' origins. As the incidents involve abuse of children, they easily spark media attention, and availability entrepreneurs (e.g. populist politicians) fan the flames of xenophobia, without making statistical comparisons of adoptee abuse in the source and target nations, or of the likelihood of abuse vs. other risks.
Poisoned candy myths.
Poisoned candy myths are urban legends that malevolent individuals could hide poison or drugs, or sharp objects such as razor blades, needles, or broken glass in candy and distribute the candy in order to harm random children, especially during Halloween trick-or-treating. Several events fostered the candy tampering myth. The first event took place in 1964, where an annoyed Long Island, New York housewife started giving out packages of inedible objects to children whom she believed were too old to be trick-or-treating. The packages contained items such as steel wool, dog biscuits, and ant buttons (which were clearly labeled with the word "poison"). Though nobody was injured, she was prosecuted and pleaded guilty to endangering children. The same year saw reports of lye-filled bubble gum being handed out in Detroit and rat poison being given in Philadelphia. The second milestone in the spread of the candy tampering myths was an article published in the "New York Times" in 1970. This article claimed that "Those Halloween goodies that children collect this weekend on their rounds of ‘trick or treating’ may bring them more horror than happiness", and provided specific examples of potential tamperings. In 2008, candy was found with metal shavings and metal blades embedded in it. The candy was Pokémon Valentine's Day lollipops purchased from a Dollar General store in Polk County, Florida. The candy was determined to have been manufactured in China and not tampered with within the United States. The lollipops were pulled from the shelves after a mother reported a blade in her child's lollipop and after several more lollipops with metal shavings in them were confiscated from a local elementary school. In 2008, some cold medicine was discovered in cases of Smarties that were handed out to children in Ontario.
Over the years various experts have tried to debunk the various candy tampering stories. Among this group is Joel Best, a University of Delaware sociologist who specializes in candy tampering legends. In his studies, and the book "Halloween Sadism: the evidence", he researched newspapers from 1958 on in search of candy tampering. Of these stories, fewer than 90 instances might have qualified as actual candy tampering. Best has found five child deaths that were initially thought by local authorities to be caused by homicidal strangers, but none of those were sustained by investigation.
Despite the falsity of these claims the news media promoted the story continuously throughout the 1980s, with local news stations featuring frequent coverage. During this time cases of poisoning were repeatedly reported based on unsubstantiated claims or before a full investigation could be completed and often never followed up on. This one sided coverage contributed to the overall panic and caused rival media outlets to issue reports of candy tampering as well. By 1985, the media had driven the hysteria about candy poisonings to such a point that an ABC News/"Washington Post" poll that found 60% of parents feared that their children would be injured or killed because of Halloween candy sabotage.
Policy Implications.
Technocracy vs. Democracy.
There are two schools of thought on how to cope with risks raised by availability cascades: technocratic and democratic. 
The technocratic approach, championed by Kuran and Sunstein, emphasizes assessing, prioritizing, and mitigating risks according to objective risk measures (e.g. expected costs, expected disability-adjusted life years (DALY)). The technocratic approach considers availability cascades to be phenomena of mass irrationality that can distort or hijack public policy, misallocating resources or imposing regulatory burdens whose costs exceed the expected costs of the risks they mitigate.
The democratic approach, championed by Paul Slovic, respects risk preferences as revealed by the availability market. For example, though lightning strikes kill far more people each year than shark attacks, if people genuinely consider death by shark worse than death by lightning, a disproportionate share of resources should be devoted to averting shark attacks.
Institutional Safeguards.
Kuran and Sunstein recommend that availability cascades be recognized, and institutional safeguards be implemented in all branches of government. They recommend expanded product defamation laws, analogous to personal libel laws, to discourage availability entrepreneurs from knowingly spreading false and damaging reports about a product. They recommend that the legislative branch create a Risk Regulation Committee to assess risks in a broader context and perform cost-benefit analyses of risks and regulations, avoiding hasty responses pandering to public opinion. They recommend that the executive branch use peer review to open agency proposals to scrutiny by informed outsiders. They also recommend creation of a Risk Information Center with a Risk Information Web Site to provide the public with objective risk measures. In the United States, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the Federal Bureau of Investigation maintain web sites that provide objective statistics on the causes of death and violent crime.

</doc>
<doc id="19887537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887537" title="Iron Mountain micropolitan area">
Iron Mountain micropolitan area

The Iron Mountain Micropolitan Statistical Area, as defined by the United States Census Bureau, is an area consisting of two counties – one in Michigan and one in Wisconsin – anchored by the city of Iron Mountain, Michigan. As of the 2000 census, the μSA had a population of 32,560 (though a July 1, 2009 estimate placed the population at 31,245).
Communities.
Census-designated places.
"Note: All census-designated places are unincorporated."
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 32,560 people, 13,519 households, and 9,024 families residing within the μSA. The racial makeup of the μSA was 97.99% White, 0.12% African American, 0.50% Native American, 0.38% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 0.14% from other races, and 0.84% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.64% of the population.
The median income for a household in the μSA was $34,788, and the median income for a family was $41,931. Males had a median income of $33,682 versus $21,725 for females. The per capita income for the μSA was $21,725.

</doc>
<doc id="19887540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887540" title="John Fawcett (actor died 1793)">
John Fawcett (actor died 1793)

John Fawcett (died 1793) was an actor who played at the Theatre Royal in Drury Lane as well as in Dublin and on several occasions at the Theatre Royal in Richmond. He is best known today for having fathered a rather more famous actor of the same name.

</doc>
<doc id="19887543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887543" title="Canoeing at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Men's K-1 500 metres">
Canoeing at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Men's K-1 500 metres

The men's K-1 500 metres event was an individual kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1996 Summer Olympics program that took place at Lake Lanier.
Results.
Heats.
26 competitors first raced in three heats. The top three finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the semifinals with the rest competing in the repechages.
Repechages.
The top four finishers from each of the repechages along with the fastest fifth-place finisher advanced to the semifinals.
Semifinals.
The top four finishers in each of the two semifinals along with the fifth fastest advanced to the final.
Final.
The final was held on August 4. 

</doc>
<doc id="19887545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887545" title="Japanese escort Kunashiri">
Japanese escort Kunashiri

In July 1943 "Kunashiri" participated in the Kiska evacuation aspect of Operation Ke. During the war Kunashiri operated mostly in the Kuriles and Hokkaido area escorting various convoys. On July 28, 1944 she was reported "damaged" by unknown cause-USS Tambor. After the end of World War II "Kunashiri" returned to Sasebo and was later used by the Allied Repatriation Service. On 4 June 1946 while en route to Uragi the vessel ran aground and was later abandoned. In attempts to rescue her, the also ran aground, while at the same time, she too was repatriating Japanese troops from Singapore.

</doc>
<doc id="19887576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887576" title="Costa Campos">
Costa Campos

Costa Campos was a student of the honorable North-American Singer Grace Bumbry and of the distinctive Maestro Enza Ferrari with whom he currently works his singing and interpretation, Costa Campos, João Eduardo of Portuguese nationality is a Doctor in Law by the University of Lisbon.
Small appearances in theatre and cinema aid his decision to take an Actors Course in the Superior School of Theatre and Cinema of the Conservatório Nacional in Lisbon where he highlights his work with Maria Germana Tânger and Águeda Sena.
He later initiated his singing studies with Maria Cristina de Castro to be continued with Hugo Casaes, Natália Viana, Elsa Saque (in the Juventude Musical Portuguesa and the Conservatório Nacional) and Liliane Bizineche.
He became a permanent singer of the São Carlos Opera House Choir (Teatro Nacional de São Carlos), where he perfected his technique with singers like Ivo Vinco and Jeff Lawton. He recorded, with other singers, “Os Madrigais Camoneanos” by Luís Freitas Branco.
He debuted as a soloist at the Ruins of Carmo (Carmo Convent (Lisbon))performing D.Basilio in “Il Barbieri di Siviglia” by Rossini conducted by Maestro Jon Latham Koenig. He starred as Judas in “O Nazareno” at the Lisbon and Oporto Coliseums, as La Diva in “Zarzuelas Cabaret and Olé Olé “ at the São Luiz Municipal Theatre, as the Marquis d’Obigny in a production of Pier Luigi Pizzi of “La Traviata” by Verdi at the São Carlos Opera House conducted by Maestro Giuliano Carella, as Senator Robert E. Lyons in Gershwin’s musical “Of Thee I Sing” at the International Festival of Macau, and as the lead role and director in “Verde Que Te Quiero Verde” a homage to Frederico Garcia Lorca, among many others.
While perfecting his repertoire he worked in Lugano – Switzerland with Maestro Jonathan Morris and in Salzbug – Austria with Maestro Günter Bauer.
He started giving singing lessons at the Instituto das Artes do Espectáculo; he structured and directed the Singing Courses at the Casa do Artista and also taught at the Academy of Marta Atayde .
He created the project Primo Canto Cultural Association (an association with no lucrative ends, which main goal is to promote shows and singing recitals to motivate young singers, as well as provide their artistic development), which allowed him to expand his abilities as a singer and as a teacher, as well as director of a scenic-vocal Project.
Sources.
"Jornal de Notícias". "Ópera: "Agrippina" tem personagens que remetem para universo shakespeariano de 'Macbeth'" April 14, 2009

</doc>
<doc id="19887587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887587" title="Eco-Agents">
Eco-Agents

Eco-Agents () is a member-based environmental organization for children. A subsidiary of the Norwegian Society for the Conservation of Nature, it has 3000 members. The three focus issues are conservation of nature, global warming and consumption.
The organization was founded in 1992 as "Blekkulfs venner", later "Blekkulfts miljødetektiver". In 2006 it changed to the current name, and discontinued its cooperation with the mascot "Blekkulf", a fictional octopus. The reason was in part to communicate better with older children, and in part because the organization had problems funding the license fees to the creators of the fictional characters.

</doc>
<doc id="19887601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887601" title="Mrtyu">
Mrtyu

Mrtyu (from Vedic Sanskrit: मृत्यु IAST:"" ; "Latin cognate mortis"), is a Sanskrit word meaning Death. Mrtyu or Death is often personified as the demigods "Mara" (मर) and "Yama" (यम) in Dharmic religions such as Hinduism and Buddhism.
The Brhadaranyaka Upanishad (a mystical appendix to the Shatapatha Brahmana and likely the oldest of the Upanishads) has a creation myth where ' "Death" takes the shape of a horse, and includes an identification of the Ashvamedha horse sacrifice with the Sun:
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19887617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887617" title="Trenton Gas Field">
Trenton Gas Field

The Trenton Gas Field is located in east central Indiana and the most western portion of west central Ohio. The field was discovered in 1876, but the size and magnitude of the field was not known until the 1880s. The field was the largest natural gas discovery up to that time, containing over of natural gas. The field also contained the first giant oil reserve discovered in the United States with an estimated of oil. The discovery began the Indiana Gas Boom.
Almost all of the natural gas was removed from the field by 1910, but only about 10% of the oil was removed at that point. The lack of pressure caused by the removal of the gas led to complete stop of oil production, even though an estimated of oil remained in the field. Beginning in the late 20th century, oil production resumed at a slow pace after advances in artificial lift technology.
Oil and gas production from this field led the Standard Oil Company to establish refinery operations in Indiana. The firm's production and refinery interests led, in turn, to Standard's Indiana interests being grouped together after the 1911 breakup of the firm due to antitrust action, leading to the formation of the Standard Oil Company of Indiana.

</doc>
<doc id="19887627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887627" title="Portland Golf Club">
Portland Golf Club

The Portland Golf Club is a golf club located in the unincorporated Raleigh Hills area, between Portland and Beaverton, Oregon, USA. This club was formally established in the winter of 1914 when a group of nine businessmen assembled to form a new club after leaving their respective clubs.
The present site was chosen due to its relation to the Spokane, Portland and Seattle Railway's interurban railroad line that supplied frequent passenger service to the site as automobiles and roads were scarce in those days. The PGA Championship was held at the club in 1946, which Ben Hogan won. The club also hosted the 7th Ryder Cup Matches on November 1–2, 1947 with the United States defeating the Great Britain by a score of 11 to 1.
Tournaments hosted.
Major championships (men, women, senior) are shown in bold.

</doc>
<doc id="19887629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887629" title="Calvillo Municipality">
Calvillo Municipality

Calvillo is a municipality in the Mexican state of Aguascalientes. The city of Calvillo, the second largest in the state, serves as the municipal seat. It is located to the western part of the state, at about 52 kilometers of the city of Aguascalientes. It stands at in the southwestern corner of the state. It is bounded by Jalisco and Zacatecas. The municipality, which has an area of 931.26 km² (359.56 sq mi), reported a population of 54,136 by 2010. The town of Ojocaliente is another significant community in the municipality. Calvillo is one of the richest, most prosperous municipalities in Aguascalientes.
During the French invasion of Mexico, the north part of the valley of Huajuacar in which Calvillo lays, was occupied by the French. At the time, they intermixed with the descendants of Spaniards which already inhabited the south part of the valley. This fact made Calvillo the municipality with most Caucasian-origin inhabitants in the state, compared with the other municipalities.
Calvillo is the largest guava producer in Mexico and famous for its superb confectionery and liqueurs made from this fruit, which you can sample at the Guava Fair held during the first week of December.
The economy in Calvillo is centered on the guava, although there is other agriculture and a great deal of commerce. Calvillo is better known as the world capital of the guava.

</doc>
<doc id="19887633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887633" title="Faces of Evil">
Faces of Evil

"Faces of Evil" is a DC Comics "event" in January 2009, that editor Dan DiDio described as "inspirationally tied to "Final Crisis"" as they aim to address the question the series raises: "What happens when evil wins?" Numerous monthly books will have villains displayed on their covers while four additional one-shots are to be published.
Titles.
The list of releases are;
Tiny Titans is also having a "Faces of Mischief" issue, written by Art Baltazar and Franco Aureliani, and illustrated by Art Baltazar.
The issues of "Superman" and "Action Comics" are epilogues to the "" cross over series. "Nightwing" is a continuation of the "Batman R.I.P." aftermath storyline, "Last Rites." Lastly "Detective Comics" and "Batman" comprise a self-contained storyline dependent on each other. 
The Faces of Evil event continues in the storyline "Deathtrap," that focuses on Jericho, which starts in "Teen Titans Annual 2009", and then carries on in a crossover between "Teen Titans" #70-71, "Titans" #12-13 and "Vigilante" #5. Also starting in March 2009 a 7 part "Solomon Grundy" series picks up where Faces of Evil: Solomon Grundy left off.
In February the majority of these titles will have an "Origins & Omens" back up story included. The February solicitations indicate that "Detective Comics" and "Batman" are excluded, as are the four Faces of Evil specials but "The Outsiders" (formerly "Batman and the Outsiders") and "Adventure Comics" #0 will replace them to make 19 titles. Each back up story will deal with events expected in 2009 especially "Battle for the Cowl" and "" to name a few.
These events make both the months of January and February lead in months to the aftermath of "Final Crisis" which begins in March.
DC has altered the "Green Lantern" number involved in this event due to the title having been delayed in recent months. Consequentially the cover intended for issue #38 is now issue #37, whereas #38 will now have the "Secret Origins & Omens" back up story included which was originally scheduled for issue #39.

</doc>
<doc id="19887643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887643" title="List of Football League Cup finals">
List of Football League Cup finals

The Football League Cup is a knockout cup competition in English football organised by and named after The Football League. The competition was established in 1960 and is considered to be the second-most important domestic cup competition for English football clubs, after the FA Cup. The competition is open to all 72 members of The Football League and the 20 members of the Premier League. For the first six seasons of the competition, the final was contested over two legs, one at each participating club's stadium. The first Football League Cup was won by Aston Villa, who beat Rotherham United 3–2 on aggregate, after losing the first leg 2–0. The competition's first single-legged final was held in 1967: Queens Park Rangers defeated West Bromwich Albion 3–2 at Wembley Stadium in London.
Liverpool hold the record for the most League Cup titles; they have won the competition eight times, including four consecutive titles from 1981 to 1984. Nottingham Forest and Manchester United are the only other teams to have won consecutive titles; Forest won in 1978 and 1979, and 1989 and 1990, while United won in 2009 and 2010. Arsenal have been runners-up more than any other team. They have lost the final five times. Manchester City are the current champions, having beaten Sunderland 3–1 in the 2014 final.
History.
The first winners of the tournament were Aston Villa. The final was contested over two legs for the first six years of the competition. During this period many First Division clubs refused to take part, allowing clubs from outside the First Division regularly to reach the final. The first team from outside the First Division to win the competition was Queen's Park Rangers of the Third Division in 1967. Swindon Town, also then of Division Three, matched this feat in 1969. Sheffield Wednesday, then in the Second Division, became the last club to win the competition while competing outside the First Division, when they beat Manchester United in the 1991 final.
In the late 1960s, the winners of the competition were granted automatic qualification to the UEFA Cup. With the promise of potential European football, First Division teams entered the competition, and all 92 Football League clubs entered the League Cup for the first time in 1969–70. Meanwhile, the final of the competition had also been altered; it would now be played over a single leg at Wembley Stadium. The final went to a replay for the first time in 1977, with Aston Villa requiring two replays to overcome Everton; the first was held at Hillsborough Stadium in Sheffield, and the second at Old Trafford in Manchester.
The following year, Nottingham Forest won the first of two consecutive titles, the first time that any team won back-to-back League Cup titles. The first took a replay at Old Trafford to beat Liverpool, and they beat Southampton 3–2 to win the second. Liverpool won four consecutive titles between 1981 and 1984, the most consecutive League Cup titles won by any team. Nottingham Forest won two more consecutive titles in 1989 and 1990.
The last League Cup final replay was held in 1997; Leicester City beat Middlesbrough 1–0 after extra time at Hillsborough, after the two teams had played out a 1–1 draw at Wembley. The rules were changed afterwards with a penalty shootout incorporated instead of replays. The first single-match final to be played outside London was held in 2001, as the final was moved to Cardiff's Millennium Stadium while the new Wembley Stadium was under construction. Liverpool and Chelsea were the two most prolific League Cup sides in Cardiff, as both teams won two titles each. The final returned to London in 2008, where Tottenham Hotspur became the first side to win the competition at the new Wembley, beating Chelsea 2–1 after extra time.
Notes.
A.  Attendance refers to the amount of people present during that year's final.
B.  Liverpool won the 2001 final 5–4 in a penalty shootout.
C.  Manchester United won the 2009 final 4–1 in a penalty shootout.
D.  Liverpool won the 2012 final 3–2 in a penalty shootout.

</doc>
<doc id="19887657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887657" title="Cosío, Aguascalientes">
Cosío, Aguascalientes

Cosío is a town in the Mexican state of Aguascalientes, located at .
It serves as the municipal seat of the municipality of Cosío. It reported a 2005 Census population of 4,609.

</doc>
<doc id="19887687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887687" title="Plum Hollow Country Club">
Plum Hollow Country Club

Plum Hollow Country Club is a country club located in Southfield, Michigan, a suburb northwest of Detroit The club is privately owned and was established in 1921. The PGA Championship was held at its golf course in 1947; then a match play event, it was won by Jim Ferrier. Plum Hollow also hosted the 1957 Western Open which was won by Doug Ford, and will be hosting the 2015 Michigan Amateur.
External links.
Jeff king won in 2011

</doc>
<doc id="19887692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887692" title="Arab wedding">
Arab wedding

Arabic Weddings (, , or ) have changed greatly in the past 100 years. Traditional Arabic weddings were very similar to modern-day Bedouin weddings and rural weddings, and they were unique from one region to another, even within the same country.
The marriage process usually starts with meetings between the couple's families, and ends with the wedding's consummation ("leilat al-dokhla"). For a wedding to be considered Islamic, the bride and groom must both consent, and the groom is welcomed into the bride's house—although only in the presence of her parents to maintain purity between both sides.
Arab Wedding Events.
Given the diversity of Arab_people, most are Muslim and some Christian and other faiths. The most common events that are held in the Muslim marriage include variations of the following. Marriage Proposal, Engagement, Henna, Nikah, Registration, Reception,Valima (Walima), and Honeymoon. The only Islamic requirement is the Nikah and Valima. Other events are cultural additions and Registration is usually a legal requirement. Each is described in more details below. 
Arranged Marriages.
Arranged marriages are popular in the Arab world, since the traditions of Arab society and Islam forbid couples to have sex or socialize before marriage (however forced marriages are against Islams teachings). Therefore, when it is time for a young man to get married, his family will look around to identify a number of potential brides.
Traditionally, the process of investigation takes into consideration the girls' physical beauty, her behavior, her cleanliness, her education and finally her qualities as a housewife. In carrying out this traditional investigation parents also take the behaviour of the prospective bride's family into account.
The first meeting usually takes place between the bride, groom, and their respective mothers. They meet, usually in a public place or in the bride's house, and get to know each other. The bride, groom, and their chaperones will typically sit separately, but within sight of each other, in order to get to know each other. Nowadays, the man might suggest to his family who he would like them to consider, and it may be that the man and the woman already know each other. It is also nowadays common in urban families for a bride and the groom to agree to marry before the groom approaches the bride's family for their permission.
Reading of the Fatiha (Engagement celebration).
The bride's family hosts a reception in their home, where the groom formally asks for the bride's hand in marriage from her father or the eldest man in the family. After the father agrees, the families read the Fatiha (the first "sura" in the Quran) and serve "sharbat", a sweet cordial prepared from flowers or fruit (usually in Egypt) or Turkish coffee (usually in the Levant).
Engagement.
Engagements () in the Arab world are usually much like a simpler wedding party or a dinner for the families, the bride wears any dress she pleases and there is no zaffeh. Usually, the bride and groom dress in matching colors. They exchange rings, putting the rings on each other's right-hand ring finger.
Katb el-Kitab.
Katb el-Kitab/Marriage Contract is the official marriage ceremony. It starts with a "sheikh" or "imam" giving a short speech about how the Prophet honored his wives, how to honor women, and how women should treat their husbands and honor them. Then the "imam" tells the groom to heed the speech that was just given, and the father (or eldest male of the bride's family) accepts the proposal. The ceremony resembles the reading of the Fatiha, but this when the legal documents are filled out and then filed. Two witnesses, usually the eldest men in each family, sign their names to the marriage contract, and the couple is now officially married.
In the Levant, the Katb el-Kitab is usually held in the house of the either the bride or the groom's families, although sometimes it may be held in the wedding hall itself, or in a mosque or in court if the couple decide to do so.
Arab Christian Weddings.
The large minority of Arab Christians, who mainly live in the Levant region and in Egypt, belong mainly to Catholic and Orthodox Christian Churches and they use ancient symbolic rituals in their marriages.
Henna night.
In Old Palestine, the henna night was a night used to prepare all the necessary wedding decorations and last minute arrangements. It was also a chance for the families to celebrate together before the wedding. The groom's family would "sahij" or dance through the streets of the village until reaching the house of the bride. Once there, the family would mix henna together, which would then be used to decorate the bride and grooms hands (with the groom's being merely the initials of his bride and himself), and then offer the bride her mahr (usually gold as it does not decline in value like other wealth). The families would then dance and sing traditional Palestinian music.
In modern times, particularly those not living in Palestine, the henna night remains traditional in customs, but is very similar to a bachelorette party; the bride's female friends and relatives join her in celebrating, which includes food, drinks, and a lot of dancing. A women's group plays Arabic music, sometimes Islamic music, while everyone dances. A woman draws henna or mehndi, a temporary form of skin decoration using henna, on the bride and guests' skin — usually the palms and feet, where the henna color will be darkest because the skin contains higher levels of keratin there, which binds temporarily to lawsone, the colorant of henna. The men will also have a party, in which the groom's family and friends will dance to traditional Palestinian music. In some village customs, the groom's face is shaven by a close family member or friend in preparation for his wedding. The tradition of giving the bride her gold is also still used. The groom will enter where the bride is, they well both get their henna done, and the groom will then offer the bride her mahr. Thus, the wedding being merely dancing and celebration.
An important element of the henna night in both traditional and non-traditional henna parties, is the dress adorned by the Palestinian women and the groom. The women dress in traditional (usually hand embroidered) gowns, known as Palestinian ithyab. The brides thobe would be extravagant and exquistely embroidered. The groom will wear the usual traditional Arab men's thobe and hata (head covering).
Sahra.
In some areas (e. g. Palestine) also the male friends and relatives celebrate an evening party (sahra in Arabic سهرة) in the garden or on the street in front of the groom's house. Music and dance groups perform and the men dance with the groom. Women are not allowed and may view the program via video projection inside the house or the closed off garden. In strict Islamic families this is the only way to allow males from outside the family to attend the wedding.
Wedding reception/party.
Weddings usually include a "zaffa", a procession that loudly announces the couple's wedding. The "zaffa" differs from region to region. In Egypt, for example, the Dumiyati "zaffa" is popular in the north. In the Levant, the traditional "dabkeh" is popular. Other versions of the "zaffa" can be found in North Africa and the Arabian peninsula as well as the "khaliji"; the "zaffa" even reached Malaysia with the first Arab traders, called the Zapin.
Urban weddings.
After the "zaffa", the bride and the groom sit on a dais, or "kosha" (), which usually consists of two comfortable seats in front of the guests, from which the bride and groom reign as though king and queen. As soon as the bride and groom are seated in the "kosha", a "sharbat" drink is passed to the guests, and all drink to their health.
The bride and groom then switch rings from their right hand to the left index. This is probably an old Christian tradition, but it is done whether the couple is Muslim or Christian. With this ritual, the festivities begin. The bride and groom have the first dance, after which the other wedding guests join in. Usually a belly dancer or a singer entertains the guests, but more luxurious weddings will have more than one entertainer. Guests will dance and sing with the newlywed couple, and the groom will sometimes be tossed in the air by friends. In modern weddings, after the formal entertainment, a disc jockey will extend the festivities.
Next comes the cutting of the cake. As is done elsewhere in the world, the bride and groom cut the cake, which is several layers high. The bride then tosses her bouquet behind her back to other hopeful women. By tradition, whomever catches the bouquet is seen as lucky, because she is foretold to be the next to marry. Next, the couple opens the buffet for the guests, which is usually a wide variety of salads, meats, stews, sweets, fruits, and other Arab cuisine dishes. Food is considered one of the factors that reflect the wealth of the families of the bride and groom. After the guests have eaten, many of the guests, particularly those who are not close family or friends of the couple will leave after congratulating the couple. In some weddings, there may be more entertainment including a DJ, dancing and sometimes a singer or a band which continue until very late in the night. The bride and groom then usually receive a complimentary stay of a night or two at the hotel where the wedding was held.
In a strict Muslim families, men may not dance with women or even watch women in unmodest dresses. So only the female guests and children enter the hall together with the wedding couple. Also photographers and other personnel must be women, the DJ, if male, has to operate behind a closed door. Men wait outside in a separate room or garden. In Palestine only a piece of cake and non-alcoholic beverages are offered to both groups, but no meal. At the end of the party women cover their shoulders and male family members may enter the hall. Family by family visit the couple to offer congratulations and money presents. At the end they may dance together.
Rural weddings.
Modern urban weddings are influenced by Western traditions—for example, the cutting of the cake and tossing of the bouquet. This is not the case with rural areas. In rural areas of countries like Egypt, after the "zaffa", the wedding ceremony will usually take place in a big clearing, where a huge Arabic tent called a "sewan" () has been set up. The entertainment includes a belly dancer or singer, sometimes both. Drinks are passed to guests, and food is served on huge plates. The customary food is "fattah", pieces of lamb meat embedded in rice and bread dipped in stew. The bride and groom will leave the wedding early, but the guests continue the festivities.

</doc>
<doc id="19887702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887702" title="Madre de Dios Province">
Madre de Dios Province

Madre de Dios () is one of the five provinces of the Bolivian Pando department and is situated in the department's southern parts. Its name derives from Río Madre de Dios which forms the province's northern border.
Location.
"Madre de Dios" province is located between 10° 54' and 12° 28' South and between 66° 05' and 67° 58' West. It extends over a length of 390 km from Northeast to Southwest, and up to 150 km from Northwest to Southeast.
The province is situated in the Amazon lowlands of Bolivia and borders Manuripi Province in the North, La Paz Department in the Southwest, and Beni Department in the Southeast.
Population.
The population of Federico Román Province has increased by 50% over the recent two decades:
The literacy rate of the province's population is 82.4%. "(1992)" 
Division.
The province comprises three municipios:

</doc>
<doc id="19887717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887717" title="Tekmal">
Tekmal

Tekmal is a city, Mandal headquarters and a municipality in Medak District in Telangana region of Andhra Pradesh, India. It is 140km to the north of Hyderabad.
Geography.
Tekmal is town near Jogipet located at . It has an average elevation of 455 metres (1496 feet).
Demographics.
Tekmal has a population of 39,164. Males constitute 50% of the population and females 50%. Average literacy rate in Medak District where Tekmal is located is around 54%. In Tekmal, 13% of the population is under 6 years of age.s
History.
Tekmal is a historic town. It remained a part of various Sultanates and the State of Hyderabad ruled by the Nizam until 1948 when it was absorbed into India.
It has been a centre of learning and culture. The famous Sufi saint Sayyid Sahib Husayni whose tomb is located in the town was one of the great proponents of spreading learning in the region. He built a school called Madrassa-e-Hussainiya, which was considered to be an important institution for producing high quality students in the Hyderabad State. The school has been functioning for the past nearly two centuries.
Among the landmarks in the town is the complex which houses the mausoleums of Sayyid Sahib Husayni and his teacher Hazrat Shah Muhammad Maroof Shahidullah Farooqui Chisti Qadiri and other members of his family and disciples. The presence of this complex has been a great source of development of the cultural heritage of the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19887721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887721" title="Lengthens F.C.">
Lengthens F.C.

Lengthens FC are a football club who play in the Zimbabwe Premier Soccer League.

</doc>
<doc id="19887726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887726" title="Podtacular">
Podtacular

Podtacular is an unofficial Halo-themed podcast that debuted on July 28, 2005. "Podtacular" later evolved to include a video podcast known as "PodTV", and the "Podtacular" staff started Seasonal Tournaments that included many Halo and Xbox 360 related prizes. On September 25, 2008 the Audio Podcast returned as the prime media source of "Podtacular".
History.
"Podtacular" was created by Mike Funk (foomojive) in June 2005, and the first episode premiered on the "Podtacular" website on July 28, 2005. Foomojive recruited co-host Cody Bromley (spelchek) for the second episode which aired on August 3, 2005. Spelchek remained as the co-host until January 29, 2006 on episode 47. Jose Betancourt (JVB) made his first appearance on the "Podtacular" podcast on November 12, 2005, and was later recruited as a co-host on episode 75. JVB was selected as the new co-host because of his previous gaming community backgrounds, such as being on Seatag, Gamertag Radio, Uncle Gamer, and Controller Freaks. Robert Cortez (CapnKrunk) was also recruited as the website administrator and add call-ins and voice mail to the podcast.
The Audio Podcast for "Podtacular" was brought back on September 15, 2008 by the community after being discontinued as of April 20, 2008. The podcast resumed its normal schedule with a new staff of "podcasters". Previous hosts Mike Funk and Jose Betancourt have made few appearances since the rebirth of the show. The new hosts for the audio podcast were Dustin Pettigrew (Dust Storm), Gregori Lewis (GLewis) and Cryptoflix of the Podtacular community. CapnKrunk soon left the show and was replaced by Chuck Jacobson (ChuckieJ) for the call-ins segment on the podcast. CapnKrunk later handed the website administration over to Dust Storm moving the site to a reduced format. Cryptoflix soon left and was replaced by Brent Horsley (BrentGamer).
Productions.
Audio Podcast.
Podtacular v1.0.
The podcast was the main feature for "Podtacular" from July 2005 to April 2008 and was mainly based on discussion regarding Halo 2 (before Halo 3 launched) and then focused heavily on Halo 3. Foomojive was the primary host for all of the audio podcasts before April 2008, often joined by co-hosts such as Spelchek and JVB. Many members from the "Podtacular" community would appear on the Audio Podcast as guests to contribute to the discussions. Other members from the Xbox and Halo communities also attended as guests on the show, including: Larry Hryb (Major Nelson) from Xbox, Matt Hullum from Rooster Teeth Productions, Alexander Winn and Ryan Luther from The Codex, Damian and Fyb3roptik from This Spartan Life, KP from Bungie, and many more.
The podcast was also featured on the front page of iTunes for a short period of time. 
The podcast had a set format of discussion depending on the week of the current month. Below is the format used by Podtacular as of the final podcast of the Podtacular v1.0 (April 2008):
Podtacular v2.0.
In October 2008, the Audio Podcast was brought back as "Podtacular's" main media source. The new audio podcast is commonly referred to as "Podtacular 2.0", due to the dramatic change in direction. The new audio podcast is directed by Dustin Pettigrew (Dust Storm), Gregori Lewis (GLewis), and Brent Horsley (BrentGamer). Pettigrew, Lewis, and Horsley are, in addition to directing, the regular hosts of the podcast. The podcast hosts are frequently joined by co-hosts from the video game industry and the "Podtacular" community.
Podtacular v2.0 follows a loose schedule of show topics, although "Podtacular" claims to have a current rotation of shows, shown below:
Video Podcast.
The "Podtacular" video podcast, otherwise known as "Pod TV" debuted on May 13, 2006 with its first show on tips for the Halo 2 map Lockout. "Pod TV" went on to do Halo 2 campaign and skull guides until the release of Halo 3, where similar episodes were released.
After the retirement of the podcast, "Pod TV" became the primary source for the next three episodes of the podcast. "Pod TV" is now no longer the primary source of media from "Podtacular" as of the return of the podcast. As of the return of the audio podcast, "Pod TV" was used for video "run-throughs" of the Halo 3 campaign mode.
The video podcast is filmed on the Halo 3 engine via the Saved Films feature. The voice audio for the show is separately recorded on Windows and Mac using Skype and Audacity. All podcast episodes are published via their website and their feed can be found via iTunes and Feedburner.
Other.
The Podtacular Leadership Conference.
During the time while the Podtacular audio podcast was discontinued the community slowly deteriorated, as people who stayed in the community for the show started to leave. In June 2008 Cryptoflix, who along with Freakinabox had been charged with running PodTV, sent out an email to several members in the community who were actively involved in higher places of the community. Eventually this led to the Podtacular Leadership Conference. A monthly meeting of community members in leadership positions
The purpose of the conference is to meet and discuss matters in the community.
Bungie.net.
"Podtacular" has challenged the bungie staff to two "Humpday" challenges. "Podtacular's" first challenge took place on June, 2006. "Podtacular's" final statistics were 2-0-1. The second challenge against the Bungie staff was on November, 2007. "Podtacular's" final statistics were 1-2-0.
"Podtacular's" Mike Funk (FooMoJive) was interviewed on Bungie.net for their "Community Spotlight" after the first "Humpday" challenge by "Podtacular".

</doc>
<doc id="19887728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887728" title="Plasmon biscuit">
Plasmon biscuit

Plasmon biscuits are a biscuit containing plasmon, a proprietary dried milk. The manufacturers claimed that 3 pounds of plasmon made 100 pints of milk. Plasmon was manufactured by the International Plasmon Company and was added to a number of different products to make Plasmon Oats, Plasmon Cocoa and Plasmon Biscuits.
Plasmon biscuits were very popular around the turn of the 20th century, and were considered a health food. They were used by Ernest Shackleton in his Antarctic Expedition of 1902. On Christmas Day he wrote "Had a hot lunch. I was cook: - Bovril, chocolate and plasmon biscuit, two spoonfuls of jam each. Grand!". A variety of plasmon biscuit, said to be like digestives, was also made by Jacob's in 1915.
Victor Whitechurch's fictional vegetarian detective Thorpe Hazell ate them daily. The journal of actress Ellen Terry, records that George Bernard Shaw "generally dined off a plasmon biscuit and a bean!". George Strachey Fawle (1856–1936), a director of the company, said he attributed his recovery from serious illness to plasmon.
Samuel L. Clemens (Mark Twain) was an investor in the company and also promoted Plasmon's health benefits. He ate it daily himself, induced various members of his family to take it and kept the reading table by his bed well stocked with a variety of the products, inviting callers to try a complimentary sample lot. J.Y.M. MacAlister, another investor in the company, and Clemens are credited by Clemens' biographer (Albert Paine) with convincing the Medical Director-General of the British Army to adopt plasmon as a food for convalescent soldiers during the Second Boer War.
Plasmon itself was a powder, milk albumen, which could be mixed into various other foods to make it palatable. In a letter to William Dean Howells Clemens advised: "Yes--take it as a medicine--there is nothing better, nothing surer of desired results. If you wish to be elaborate--which isn't necessary--put a couple of heaping teaspoonfuls of the powder in an inch of milk & stir until it is a paste; put in some more milk and stir the paste to a thin gruel; then fill up the glass and drink.
Or, stir it into your soup.
Or, into your oatmeal.
Or, use any method you like, so's you get it down--that is the only essential."
Paine himself was urged to try the various products and reports that one of its more palatable forms was the "preparation of chocolate".
Plasmon buscuits are still manufactured in Italy and marketed to infants 4 months and older, pregnant women and the elderly as a nutritionally well-balanced and highly digestible food or as a "great adult snack with coffee or tea".

</doc>
<doc id="19887737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887737" title="Dhimiter Tutulani">
Dhimiter Tutulani

Dhimitër Tutulani (March 19, 1875-1937), also known as Taq Tutulani or Dhimitraq Tutulani, was an Albanian lawyer and politician from city of Berat. He was one of the signatories of the Albanian Declaration of Independence.
Life.
Dhimitër Tutulani was born in the "Goricë" neighbourhood of Berat, on 19 March 1875, in a relatively rich family. His family roots originated from Vithkuq, near Korçë, having been settled there after they left Voskopojë. Tutulani family had settled to Berat and since then had been merchants. Certain old toponyms in Berat, i.e. "Ara e Tutulanëve" (Tutulani's field) or "Çezma e Tutulanit" (Tutulani's drinking fountain) give hints on the economical state and prestige of the family.
<br>After finishing the first studies in his home town, he finished the Zosimea high school in Yannina where he learned several foreign languages, and later studied at the University of Athens where he graduated in jurisprudence. During his studies he got in touch with the philosophies of Illuminism and Humanism, which had been the precursors of the freedom movements throughout the Balkans. Tutulani returned home and opened a law firm, working as a lawyer. He married Marie Nova from the "Kala" neighborhood of the town. The couple had a son and two daughters.
Tutulani joined the intellectual and patriotic circles in Berat, cooperating with Jorgji (Dudë) Karbunara, Sulo Resuli, Llambi Goxhomani, Jorgji Manushi, Nyzhet Vrioni. On 22 December 1908, the patriotic club "Bashkimi" ("The Union"), opened in Berat, being one of the many with the same name among Albanian towns and colonies. The club gathered patriotic elements from various social groups, which performed patriotic activities while being masked as cultural ones. Tutulani would soon became on of the strongest and more eloquent voices inside the club.
<br>In 1911, the Committee of Albanians for Defending the National Rights () was formed in Berat. It was led by a Consulting Counsel (), while in 23 July 1912 the Assembly of Sinjë would take place. The Assembly went along with the Albanian Revolt of 1912 and came out with political demands, including the Autonomy of Albania. Tutulani's active role in all events brought him to being chosen as a delegate at the Assembly of Vlora together with Jorgji Karbunara and Iliaz Vrioni, which would culminate with the Albanian Declaration of Independence on 28 November 1912. Tutulani was a signatory, signing as "Dh. Tout".
Six years later, in December 1918, he was elected delegate of Berat at the Congress of Durrës which took place during 25-27 December. The congress was a serious endeavor in establishing a continuity in the newly created Albanian state after WWI, and came out with a provisional government. Two years later, he was again delegate, this time at the Congress of Lushnje which would establish the territorial and political sovereignty of Albania.
Tutulani has left traces in the social and cultural perspective as well. He was a delegate at the Congress of Berat. This time the congress was about the declaration of the Orthodox Autocephalous Church of Albania. It was held in 10 September 1922 inside a school in the "Mangalem" neighborhood. Fan Noli and other patriotic religious (orthodox) figures came out with the decision which disconnect the Albanian church from the Church of Constantinople, and the Albanian orthodox population from the Greek influence under the moto '"Free church in a free state"' (). Tutulani served for 35 years as member of "Dhimogjerondia" in the Metropolis of Berat until his death. 
He also server in a few public positions. In 1923 he was elected vice prefect, and in January 1925 he became Mayor of Berat. In the first local elections of the town, held in May 1922, he was a member of the Election Commission. In 1930, he was voted as Permanent Council Members from the Municipal Assembly of Berat. He also served in civic administrative organizations.
Tutulani died in his beloved town of Berat, having written a will stating that part of his wealth should go to the town, for improving education, infrastructure, and helping those in need.
Dhimiter Tutulani was the father of Miltiadh Tutulani, member of Albanian Senate 1922-1923, Albanian Minister of Justice of Ahmet Zogu's government September 1925 - September 1928, Minister of Finances of Koço Kota's governments of September 1928 - January 1929, and January 1929 - March 1930, and Minister of Justice of Pandeli Evangjeli's government of January 1933 - October 1935.
<br>His grandson and granddaughter Kristaq & Margarita Tutulani were nationalist and anti-fascist activists during World War II, and were arrested, tortured, and execute by the Italians in the Gosë village near Kavajë in July 1943. Both are awarded "Peopl's Hero" ().

</doc>
<doc id="19887740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887740" title="Babë Dud Karbunara">
Babë Dud Karbunara

Babë Dud Karbunara (1842–1917), born Jorgji Karbunara was an Albanian teacher and politician. He was one of the signatories of the Albanian Declaration of Independence.
Life.
His grandfather had moved from Trozhar near Tërpan to Berat, where his son Theodhor later worked as a goldwork embroiderer. Babë Dud Karbunara, son of Theodhor was born as "Jorgji Karbunara" on April 22, 1842 in the "Kala" neighborhood of Berat. He initially studied in Corfu and later continued his studies in Trieste. During the League of Prizren era he started an emigre branch of the organization in Corfu. Karbunara's activism primarily focused on the opening of Albanian-language schools in his native region, Berat. Karbunara's activity as a teacher of Albanian was banned in the 1890s and it led to his house being burnt by Ottoman agents on September 14, 1894. After the establishment of the 1908 constitution, along with other "Rilindas" of the city he opened two Albanian-language schools in Berat. During the Albanian Revolt of 1912 he organized the assembly of Sinjë, where the rebel bands of southern Albania signed the memorandum of Sinjë, a list of demands regarding Albanian rights in the Ottoman state.
In November 1912, he participated as a delegate and signatory of Berat in the Assembly of Vlorë, in which the independence of Albania was declared and a national congress was formed. The deputies of the national congress also elected eighteen delegates of the assembly to form the Albanian Senate, of which Ajdin Draga was a member as a senator of Berat. Vatra's musical band came from Boston to pay respect to him at his grave. 

</doc>
<doc id="19887741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887741" title="Norwood Hills Country Club">
Norwood Hills Country Club

Norwood Hills Country Club, also known as North Hills Country Club, is a country club located in or near St. Louis, Missouri. Norwood Hills Country Club has a rich tradition and history dating back to the 1920s, when Norwood found its beginning as North Hills Country Club. It has an excellent youth golf program, and is the home course to Lutheran North High School. Norwood is very youth oriented and friendly. It is also known for its high value to cost ratio compared to other area country clubs. The club has hosted many prestigious events including the National Left-Handed Golfer’s Championship in 1936 and 1940, the PGA Championship in 1948 won by Ben Hogan, the LPGA Tour's St. Louis Women's Invitational from 1965 to 1969, the PGA Tour's Greater St. Louis Golf Classic in 1972 and 1973, and the U.S. Senior Amateur in 2001.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19887745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887745" title="Xhelal Koprencka">
Xhelal Koprencka

Xhelal Koprencka was an Albanian politician. He was one of the signatories of the Albanian Declaration of Independence.

</doc>
<doc id="19887751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887751" title="Hajredin Cakrani">
Hajredin Cakrani

Hajredin Cakrani was a 19th-century Albanian politician. He was one of the signatories of the Albanian Declaration of Independence and a member of the senate of the Independent Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="19887755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887755" title="Qemal Mullai">
Qemal Mullai

Qemal Mullai was a 19th-century Albanian politician. He was one of the signatories of the Albanian Declaration of Independence.

</doc>
<doc id="19887757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887757" title="Ferit Vokopola">
Ferit Vokopola

Ferit Vokopola (1887-1969) was an Albanian economist, politician and writer. A signatory of the Albanian Declaration of Independence, in 1920 he was elected secretary of the Congress of Lushnjë. From 1920 to 1939, when the Italian invasion of Albania occurred he was a deputy of the Albanian parliament. In 1927-8 he served as Minister of Agriculture.

</doc>
<doc id="19887761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887761" title="Nebi Sefa">
Nebi Sefa

Nebi Sefa was a 19th-century Albanian politician. He was one of the signatories of the Albanian Declaration of Independence.

</doc>
<doc id="19887764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887764" title="Vehbi Dibra">
Vehbi Dibra

Vehbi Dibra (1867–1937) was an Albanian politician, theologist and a delegate of Dibër in the Albanian Declaration of Independence.
Life.
Born as "Vehbi Agolli" in the region of Dibër on 12 March 1867, he studied Islamic theology, law and philosophy and was appointed mufti of Dibër. His father Ahmet (Efendi) Agolli had also served as mufti of Dibër. In 1909, he was elected chairman of the Congress of Dibër, a precursor assembly of the Albanian Revolt of 1910. In November 1912, he participated as a delegate of Dibër in the Assembly of Vlorë, in which the independence of Albania was declared and a national congress was formed. The deputies of the national congress also elected eighteen delegates of the assembly to form the Albanian Senate, of which Vehbi Dibra was the first chairman. 
In order to favourably influence the part of the Sunni community that based its view towards the declaration of independence of Albania on the clergy, he presented a fatwā and saluted the declaration as "God's gift". A member of the reformist faction of the Sunni community of Albania, in 1920 he was elected to head it as Grand Mufti. During his tenure which lasted until 1929, the waqf properties were documented and registered, the administration was centralized and the religious services reached normalization. Dibra also began the publication of the weekly journal "Zani i Naltë" and introduced the use of Albanian in religious ceremonies.

</doc>
<doc id="19887767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887767" title="Sherif Lengu">
Sherif Lengu

Sherif Lengu was a 19th century Albanian politician. He was one of the signatories of the Albanian Declaration of Independence.

</doc>
<doc id="19887772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887772" title="Riza Zogolli">
Riza Zogolli

"Riza Zogolli"' was a 19th century Albanian politician. He was the brother of Xhemal Pasha Zogolli, father of King Zog I of Albania and one of the signatories of the Albanian Declaration of Independence.

</doc>
<doc id="19887779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887779" title="Kurt Agë Kadiu">
Kurt Agë Kadiu

Kurt Agë Kadiu was a 19th century Albanian politician. He was one of the signatories of the Albanian Declaration of Independence.

</doc>
<doc id="19887782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887782" title="Zyhdi Ohri">
Zyhdi Ohri

Zyhdi Ohri was a 19th century Albanian politician. He was one of the signatories of the Albanian Declaration of Independence.

</doc>
<doc id="19887785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887785" title="Myrteza Ali Struga">
Myrteza Ali Struga

Myrteza Ali Struga was a 19th-century Albanian politician. He was one of the signatories of the Albanian Declaration of Independence.

</doc>
<doc id="19887789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887789" title="Nuri Sojliu">
Nuri Sojliu

Nuri Sojliu (1870–1940) was an Albanian politician. He was one of the signatories of the Albanian Declaration of Independence.

</doc>
<doc id="19887793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887793" title="Hamdi Ohri">
Hamdi Ohri

Hamdi Ohri was a 19th century Albanian politician. He was one of the signatories of the Albanian Declaration of Independence.
<br>He was as well a delegate at the Albanian Congress of Trieste in 1913.

</doc>
<doc id="19887794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887794" title="Eugene Webb">
Eugene Webb

Eugene Webb (born 1938) is Professor Emeritus in the University of Washington Henry M. Jackson School of International Studies. Webb holds a Ph.D., in Comparative Literature from Columbia University (1965), an M.A. in English Literature from Columbia University (1962) and also a B.A., in Philosophy from the University of California, Los Angeles (1960). Webb was a member of the faculties of both the Comparative Literature Department and the Henry M. Jackson School of International Studies, where he served as Associate Director and chaired programs in both Comparative Religion and European Studies (1994). Webb was also the founder of those two programs: Comparative Religion in 1974, and European Studies in 1994. He retired from the University of Washington in 2000, where he now has the title Professor Emeritus of International Studies.
Studies.
Webb has two books on the novels and plays of Samuel Beckett, and has authored the books "The Dark Dove: The Sacred and Secular in Modern Literature" (1975), "Eric Voegelin, Philosopher of History" (1981), "Philosophers of Consciousness" (1988) and "The Self Between: From Freud to the New Social Psychology of France" (1993).
His book "World View and Mind: Religious Thought and Psychological Development" was published by the University of Missouri Press in 2009.
Webb translated and wrote the introduction to Jean-Michel Oughourlian's, "The Puppet of Desire: The Psychology of Hysteria, Possession, and Hypnosis", (Stanford: Stanford University Press, 1991). 
He also translated a second book by Oughourlian, "The Genesis of Desire", published by Michigan State University Press in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19887798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887798" title="Mustafa Baruti">
Mustafa Baruti

Mustafa Baruti was a 19th century Albanian politician. He was one of the signatories of the Albanian Declaration of Independence.

</doc>
<doc id="19887799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887799" title="Dervish Hima">
Dervish Hima

Dervish Hima (1872–1928), born Ibrahim Mehmet Naxhi, was a 19th-century Albanian politician. A publisher and nationalist figure, he travelled from country to country, promoting Albania in with articles and pamphlets.
Biography.
Early life.
Dervish Hima was born in Ohrid to a landowning family. He attended school in Monastir (Bitola) and Salonika (Thessaloniki), and studied medicine for two years in Istanbul, where he initially supported the Young Turk movement and began to reflect on the Albanian question.
Albanian independence.
Dervish Hima was an extreme opponent of Ottoman rule in Albania and author of a number of radical manifestos calling for an all-out struggle against the Ottoman Porte. As such, his movements were carefully observed by the Ottoman authorities, and was imprisoned on several occasions. As a known Albanian literary man, he returned from Shkoder after a long absence in Europe and was arrested for speaking of the hopes of Albania and thrown into prison. In Bucharest, he edited the short-lived periodical "Pavarësia e Shqipërisë" (The Independence of Albania), which appeared in 1898 in Albanian, French, and Romanian. In October of the following year, he was obliged to leave Romania for Rome, where he collaborated with Mehmed bey Frashëri on the fortnightly "Zën’i Shqipënisë" (Voice of Albania), which was issued in French and Albanian. In 1903, Dervish Hima published the fortnightly periodical "L’Albanie" in Geneva, which he continued as a monthly from 1905 to 1906 in Brussels. In 1909, he was in Istanbul, where he ran the weekly "Shqipëtari-Arnavud" (The Albanian) with Hilë Mosi, a periodical in Turkish and Albanian subsidized by Austria–Hungary. This journal lasted until it was banned at the end of 1910. Hima was one of the signatories of the Albanian Declaration of Independence.
Later life.
Dervish Hima took an active interest in public life even after Albanian independence in November 1912. In the autumn of 1917, he was appointed school inspector for the Tirana district by the Austro–Hungarian authorities, and in 1920, he became the first director of the Albanian press office. Hima died in 1928.

</doc>
<doc id="19887802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887802" title="Abaz Çelkupa">
Abaz Çelkupa

Abaz Dilaver Çelkupa (1855-1926) was an Albanian politician. He was one of the signatories of the Albanian Declaration of Independence.

</doc>
<doc id="19887803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887803" title="Mustafa Hanxhiu">
Mustafa Hanxhiu

Mustafa Hanxhiu was a 19th-century Albanian politician. He was one of the signatories of the Albanian Declaration of Independence.

</doc>
<doc id="19887808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887808" title="Hermitage Country Club">
Hermitage Country Club

Hermitage Country Club is a country club located in eastern Goochland County, in the Richmond, Virginia area. The club was founded in 1900 by Berkely Williams, making it the 4th oldest country club in Virginia. The club hosted the PGA Championship in 1949, at the course that later became Henrico County's Belmont Golf Course. Sam Snead won his second PGA Championship that year with a 3&2 victory over Johnny Palmer in the final match. The club remains the only club from Virginia to have hosted a major championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19887809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887809" title="Jahja Ballhysa">
Jahja Ballhysa

Jahja Ballhysa was a 19th-century Albanian politician. He was one of the signatories of the Albanian Declaration of Independence in 1912 and the mayor of Durrës in 1926.
Jahja Ballhysa was an activist of the Albanian National Renaissance (). After completing his studies at the Collegio di Sant'Adriano (the college of Saint Adrian) in the Arbëreshë town of San Demetrio Corone, Calabria, he returned to Durrës where he joined the patriotic circles of the city. He participated in the Educational Congress in Elbasan in  1909. After overcoming resistance by the Young Turks, he opened in Durrës in 1909 a club called "Bashkimi" ("The Union"), of which he elected president. In Jahja Ballhysa’s house and with his financial support it was opened the first Albanian language school in Durrës. He participated in the Albanian Revolts of 1910, 1911 and 1912. He gave valuable support to revolt in the field of journalism in particular, calling on the people to support the Albanian Revolt of 1911. He represented the province of Durrës at the Assembly of Vlorë on November 28, 1912, in which Albania declared the Independence. Jahja Ballhysa signed on behalf of the elite of the city Durrës the petition, which all the Albania’s cities elites addressed to the President of the USA, Woodrow Wilson, on July 12, 1918, to request his intervention in the Paris Peace Conference, 1919 to rectify the injustice of the Treaty of London (1915) on the Albanian territories. During 1922-1923 Jahja Ballhysa led the progressive forces of the city of Durrës and he was elected Mayor by the opposition. He was part of the Uprising of March 1922. For that reason he was arrested and sentenced with hard imprisonment by the government of Ahmet Zogu. He supported Fan Noli in the June Revolution of 1924. Jahja Ballhysa died in Durrës.

</doc>
<doc id="19887816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887816" title="Nikollë Kaçorri">
Nikollë Kaçorri

Dom Nikollë Kaçorri (1862–1917), was a prominent figure of the National Renaissance of Albania. A signatory of Albanian Declaration of Independence, Dom Kaçorri served as Vice Prime minister of the Provisional Government of Albania, after the independence.
Life.
He was born in 1862 in Lurë, (now in the Dibër District) and became a Catholic priest in 1878. In 1902 he became the Archbishop of Durrës, where he served until the Albanian Declaration of Independence. He was also a participant in the Congress of Monastir, which created the Albanian alphabet.
Dom Nikollë Kaçorri died in 1917 in Vienna, at the age of 55, from cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="19887819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887819" title="Abdi Toptani">
Abdi Toptani

Abdi Toptani (1864-1942) was a 19th-century Albanian politician. He was one of the signatories of the Albanian Declaration of Independence along with his relative Murat. In the Provisional Government of Albania he served as minister of finance and in Prince William's cabinet. In the Congress of Lushnjë he became one of the regents of Albania.

</doc>
<doc id="19887820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887820" title="Murat Toptani">
Murat Toptani

Murat Toptani (1867-1918) was an Albanian poet, artist and activist of the Albanian National Awakening. Along with his relative Abdi he became one of the signatories of Albanian Declaration of Independence in 1912. As a sculptor, Toptani created the first bust of George Kastrioti Skanderbeg, the national hero of Albania.
Life.
Family.
Murat Toptani was born in 1867 in the Caucasus Mountains, where his father Seit was interned as political prisoner. From 1875 to 1881 their family lived in Istanbul, capital of the Ottoman Empire, but they settled again in the Caucasus Mountains, where Seit was again interned because of his membership in the League of Prizren. In the early 1890 he studied in Istanbul, where he lived in Naim Frashëri's house. There he met his future wife Asije Frashëri, daughter of Sherif Frashëri, younger brother of Naim. 
In 1895 he married Asije Frashëri and moved to Tiranë, where he died in 1918. His three sons were: Enver, Sherif and Ibrahim. Toptani's younger brother Refik was the head of the local branch of "Bashkimi" in Tiranë. His sister Vesime was married to Mehmet Frashëri, another brother of Naim Frashëri.
Exile.
In Tiranë Toptani was active in the promotion of education in Albanian. In 1897 he successfully requested the instruction of all lessons in Albanian in the newly founded Austrian school of the city. His activities and influence led to his arrest on October 28, 1897 by the Ottoman authorities. Initially he was interned in Manastir and later in Galipoli, from where he was sent to Tripoli. In 1898 he escaped and migrated to Italy, where he settled in Napoli and Brindisi. On July 14 1898, he protested against his sentence and requested amnesty from the wali of Manastir, but didn't receive any reply. 
While in Italy, he created the first bust of Skanderbeg, the Albanian national hero.his In 1899 spent a few months in Bucarest and finally returned to Istanbul, where he received amnesty. However, in 1900 he was again interned and held in indefinite detention in Çanakkale and Konya until 1908, when many prisoners were given amnesty.

</doc>
<doc id="19887824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887824" title="Xhelal Deliallisi">
Xhelal Deliallisi

Xhelal Deliallisi was a 19th century Albanian politician. He was one of the signatories of the Albanian Declaration of Independence.

</doc>
<doc id="19887826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887826" title="NASA Astronaut Group 15">
NASA Astronaut Group 15

There were 23 astronauts in the NASA Astronaut Group 15. The group name for these astronaut trainees was originally "The Snails" because no group was convened the previous year and thus the group was slow in coming. Group members adopted "The Flying Escargot" as their moniker, possibly in reference to the fact that two members of the group were from France, or in reference to the famous "flying escargot" scene in the movie "Pretty Woman". The group featured ten pilots, nine mission specialists, and four international mission specialist trainees.

</doc>
<doc id="19887831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887831" title="Ymer Deliallisi">
Ymer Deliallisi

Ymer Deliallisi was a 19th-century Albanian politician. He was one of the signatories of the Albanian Declaration of Independence.

</doc>
<doc id="19887834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887834" title="Ibrahim Efendiu">
Ibrahim Efendiu

Ibrahim Efendiu was a 19th century Albanian politician. He was one of the signatories of the Albanian Declaration of Independence.

</doc>
<doc id="19887845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887845" title="Jay Leach">
Jay Leach

Jay Leach may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19887847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887847" title="Lef Nosi">
Lef Nosi

Lef Nosi was a political figure and scholar. Considered an Albanian patriot of the first order. During the Second World War, Nosi was a leading member of Balli Kombëtar and was chosen as a member of the Albanian High Council.
Biography.
Early life.
Lef Nosi was in 1877 of a wealthy family in Elbasan. He supported the Congress of Elbasan in August 1909 and was director of the respected Normal School ("Shkolla Normale") in his native town. On 25 March 1910, he began editing the weekly newspaper Tomorri("Tomorr").
Early political period.
Lef Nosi was present at the declaration of independence in Vlora in 1912 and was one of the signator. After the establishment of an independent Albania, Nosi was made postmaster general. Nosi took part in the Congress of Durrës in 1918, was briefly minister of national economy, and attended the Paris Peace Conference in 1919 as part of the Albanian delegation led by Msgr. Luigj Bumci.
Retirement from politics.
Lef Nosi retired from politics and lived in Elbasan between 1929 and 1938, where he divided his time between business and historical research. Lef Nosi was a scholar and collector of manuscripts and early 20th-century documents. He had a passionate interest in archeology and ethnography. Edith Durham called him the only Albanian who understood the value of folklore. He is remembered in particular as editor, from 1924 on, of a collection of historical documents under the title "Dokumenta historike per t'i sherbye histories tone kombetare"(Historical Documents to Serve Our National History). Nosi was a close friend of Scottish anthropologist Margaret Hasluck, who lived in Albania for 13 years, principally in Elbasan.
Despite being born as an orthodox Christian of the Patriarchate of Constantinople, Nosi had longed to form an autocephalous orthodox church of Albania. Lef Nosi was Noli's old friend who had helped Noli when he became a priest. Lef Nosi helped Noli form the Albanian Orthodox church within Albania and had wished that Fan Noli was bishop and head of the church.
World War II.
In June 1943, Lef Nosi joined the Balli Kombetar and became a leading figure of the collaboration with Fascist and Nazis. In October 1943, during the German occupation, he was chosen as president of the national assembly and was elected to the High Regency Council(Keshilli i Larte i Regjences). The assembly under Nosi passed a series of decrees that fundamentally altered Albanian's Italian-established constitution. The union with Italy was officially dissolved; many of the laws passed after the Italian invasion were revoked; and Albania was declared free, neutral and independent.
He resigned from the position in October 1944 when German troops were evacuating Albania and it became evident that the communist partisans would soon take control.
Arrest and death.
Lef Nosi was arrested while endeavouring to flee from Tirana where he had been hiding for some time. He had previously been pursued for three days in Elbasan, but he escaped, assisted by his wealthy nephew Vasil Nosi. Vasil then fell into the hands of Koci Xoxe, who tortured him by boiling his feet until he betrayed his uncle's hiding-place.
Lef Nosi was brought to trial in February 1946 led by general prosecutor Misto Treska. Along with Anton Harapi and former prime minister Maliq bey Bushati Nosi was condemned to death by communist Albania. According to the British Military Mission, which covered the trial: "The trial took place, in eight sessions, in a squalid cinema in Tirana before a house packed by Party members who constantly interrupted and jeered, while three military judges on the stage kept hurling accusations and abuse at the defendants, jointly and severally. All three were held responsible for, among other things, Albania's entire war losses... Defendant's counsel was howled down as a 'fascist' and never succeeded in making himself heard... The three accused were shot two days afterwards, on 15 February."

</doc>
<doc id="19887848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887848" title="Shefqet Daiu">
Shefqet Daiu

Shefqet bej Daiu was one of the signatories of the Albanian Declaration of Independence in 1912. He was the second secretary of the Congress of Vlora, when independence was declared. He was later named as prefect of Fieri, a post he held until the First World War. During the next years he did not take part in politics, and was shown again during World War II, this time as a collaborator of the Axis. He was killed in 1946, by the communist regime, for his collaborative activity.
References.
"History of Albanian People" Albanian Academy of Science.ISBN 99927-1-623-1

</doc>
<doc id="19887849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887849" title="Qemal Karaosmani">
Qemal Karaosmani

Qemal bej Karaosmani was one of the signatories of the Albanian Declaration of Independence. He served as General Secretary of the Provisional Government of Albania. 

</doc>
<doc id="19887850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887850" title="Raj Hamsa Ultralights">
Raj Hamsa Ultralights

Raj Hamsa Ultralights is an Indian private limited company and ultralight aircraft manufacturer, founded in 1980 at Pondicherry, India by Joel Koechlin of France. The company is one of India's largest aircraft manufacturers and its only producer of commercial microlight aircraft. It started in 1980 producing hang gliders, introduced powered hang gliders in 1983 and the X-Air line of microlights in 1993. By 2007 the company had produced over 1000 aircraft.
The company's headquarters and sole manufacturing facility is located at Bengaluru (Bangalore), India. The company employs 30-35 people and produces about 100 aircraft kits annually. 
The company's X-Air 'S' and 'F' models have been successful in the market and are exported widely. The new Hawk model, known as Hanuman in India, is currently awaiting Indian and UK certification. The ultralights manufactured by Raj Hamsa are some of the least expensive available in India and many parts of the world.
The company is a factory agent for Jabiru Aircraft engines.
Certification.
The X-Air and Hanuman are both accepted by Transport Canada as Advanced Ultra-light Aeroplanes in Canada.
The Hanuman is an approved US Federal Aviation Administration Light sport aircraft as the model X-Air XA85.

</doc>
<doc id="19887852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887852" title="Dervish Biçaku">
Dervish Biçaku

Dervish Biçaku was one of the signatories of Albanian Declaration of Independence.

</doc>
<doc id="19887856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887856" title="Mahmud Efendi Kaziu">
Mahmud Efendi Kaziu

Mahmud Efendi Kaziu was one of the signatories of the Albanian Declaration of Independence.

</doc>
<doc id="19887858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887858" title="Leap (education and training)">
Leap (education and training)

Leap was established in 2007 by University Campus Suffolk, Suffolk Learning and Skills Council and Suffolk County Council with funding from East of England Development Agency and is the umbrella brand for education and training providers in Suffolk.
Leap delivers free information, advice and guidance to everyone seeking education or training opportunities and also works with businesses aiming to improve the skills of their workforce.
The first students enrolled on courses through the Leap Centres in September 2007.
Overview.
Leap is a collaboration of strategic partners and education providers that includes University Campus Suffolk, Suffolk County Council, West Suffolk College, Suffolk Chamber of Commerce and various voluntary sector organisations. In April 2009, University Campus Suffolk took over as the lead partner for the project.
The Leap Website is the central portal for information about adult learning and skills courses in Suffolk and enables individuals to browse the course database and choose from approximately 6,000 local courses including Skills for Life Courses, Further and Higher Education and Leisure and Community Learning Courses. 
Leap is implementing core government policy by helping to raise the skills levels and employment chances of individuals.
Aims.
The aim of Leap is to make access to education and skills as local as possible in response to the largely rural nature of the county, as well as providing access to a range of education options for people who want to pursue learning from basic literacy to higher education. 
Leap aims to deliver support to the community in order to assist in raising aspirations and to address the barriers to education and employment.
Leap Centres and Leap Points.
There are 13 Leap Centres located in market towns across Suffolk delivered through five providers; Community Learning and Skills Development, West Suffolk College, Community Action Suffolk, Access Community Trust and CSV Media. Leap Centres are located in Beccles, Bury St Edmunds,Felixstowe, Haverhill, Ipswich, Lowestoft, Mildenhall, Newmarket, Stowmarket and Sudbury. 
Leap Centres provide access to all education from Leisure learning through to Higher Education and boast state of the art teaching facilities and access to IT based learning. Centre staff and National Careers Service advisors can help with information and advice on skills training and development, careers advice, business support, skills for life and leisure learning as well as CV writing, interview skills and presentation techniques. 
Leap Points are compact versions of the Centres, based in Libraries and Children’s Centres. These offer information and a sign-post service to local learning opportunities. There are currently approximately 100 Leap Points located in Suffolk.
Courses.
The range of courses available through Leap includes:
Students.
Individuals aged 18+ from all backgrounds take advantage of Leap for information and resources to education and training.
Leap for Business.
Formed in 2010 by Leap and Suffolk Chamber of Commerce, Leap for Business is a free signposting service offering independent, impartial and comprehensive skills advice to business throughout Suffolk.

</doc>
<doc id="19887859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887859" title="2006–07 Liga II">
2006–07 Liga II

The 2006–07 Liga II was the 67th season of Liga II, the second tier of the Romanian football league system. It was the first in the new format (two series of 18 teams each). The season began on 12 August 2006 and lasted until 9 June 2007.
The top two teams from each series were promoted at the end of the season to the Liga I, while the bottom four were relegated to the Liga III.
FRF changed the system into a one with 2 series of 18 teams each, compared to the 3 series of 16 teams used last season, thus coming back to the system that was last used in the 2000–01 season.
Standings.
"Seria I is on the left hand side, Seria II is on the right hand side"

</doc>
<doc id="19887863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887863" title="Ismail Qemali Gramshi">
Ismail Qemali Gramshi

Ismail Qemali Gramshi was one of the signatories of Albanian Declaration of Independence.
References.
"History of Albanian People" Albanian Academy of Science.ISBN 99927-1-623-1

</doc>
<doc id="19887866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887866" title="BBC Box">
BBC Box

The Box or BBC Box (BIC code: NYKU8210506) is a single ISO intermodal container that started to be tracked by BBC News in September 2008. The intention was to track the container for a period of one year, in a project to study international trade and globalization. The Box was fitted with tracking equipment and painted in a special one-off livery.
Overview.
The tracking project was launched on 8 September 2008. The project tracked a standard shipping container as it was transported by the Nippon Yusen Kaisha (NYK) shipping line using intermodal freight transport with various cargoes. An on-board GPS unit tracked the Box's location and this was used to update a map showing the current location and previous route. If the container's GPS or communications signal was obstructed (such as having been stacked too far inside the ship's hold), the ship's own GPS location was being used to manually update a map. The tracking unit suffered technical problems during December 2008.
The Box was painted in a special BBC paint scheme and was named after the book, "", covering the effects of containerisation. The project is being assisted by the Container Shipping Information Service.
Cargoes.
The box started off empty, travelling to its first destination under the BBC branding. The first cargo was a consignment of whisky from a Glasgow-based bottling plant to Shanghai, China. On arrival in Shanghai, the Box was met and reported on by British school pupils on a trip to China.
Later arrived in Southampton on 22 October at around 3am, unloaded with crane L, being driven by Lee Harfield, the same driver that had loaded it when it left Southampton.
GPS tracking stopped on 2009-04-04, shortly after passing Mauritius.
Related projects.
A 2007 book, "Around the World in 40 Feet; Two Hundred Days in the Life of a 40FT NYK Shipping Container", written by Richard Cook and Marcus Oleniuk, detailed the journey of another NYK container.

</doc>
<doc id="19887867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887867" title="Azis Efendi Gjirokastra">
Azis Efendi Gjirokastra

Azis Efendi Gjirokastra was one of the signatories of the Albanian Declaration of Independence.

</doc>
<doc id="19887880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887880" title="Elmaz Boçe">
Elmaz Boçe

Elmaz Boçe (1852, Gjirokastër, Albania – 1925) was an Albanian teacher and a signatory of the Albanian Declaration of Independence.
Life.
Born in Gjirokastër in 1852 he studied in Zosimea and later in Istanbul, capital of the Ottoman Empire. A member of the Gjirokastër branch of the League of Prizren, he also funded one of the Albanian-language schools of the city "Lirija". In 1911 he took part in the Assembly of Cepo and in 1912 was signatory of the Albanian Declaration of Independence.

</doc>
<doc id="19887882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887882" title="Veli Harxhi">
Veli Harxhi

Veli Harxhi was one of the signatories of the Albanian Declaration of Independence.

</doc>
<doc id="19887886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887886" title="Crowley High School">
Crowley High School

Crowley High School may refer to:
Schools with similar names include:
Crowley High School is also the name of the fictional highschool in the television series Todd and the Book of Pure Evil.

</doc>
<doc id="19887890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887890" title="Myfid bej Libohova">
Myfid bej Libohova

Myfid bej Libohova (b. 1876 Libohova - d. 1927 Sarandë) was an Albanian economist, diplomat and politician and one of the delegates at the Assembly of Vlora (28 November 1912) where the Albanian Declaration of Independence took place. He served as the first Minister of Interior of Albania, during the Provisional Government of Albania and since then has held different government positions on nine occasions between 1913–1927, holding the positions of Justice Minister, Minister of the Interior, Minister of Finance, and Minister of Culture.
Life.
Myfid Libohova was scion of a wealthy landowning family with the same name. He served initially in the Ottoman administration and represented Albania in the parliament of the Young Turks in 1908.
<br>At the eve of the First World War, he was member of the International Control Commission that governed Albania from 22 January – 7 March 1914. Mufid Bey (also written Myfit Bey) was among the chief promoters of the Congress of Durrës that led, on 25 December 1918, to the creation of a new provisional government headed by former Prime Minister Turhan Pasha. Mufid Bey took over the ministry of the interior and justice, and later became minister of foreign affairs. In April 1919 he left Albania to take part the Paris Peace Conference and to attend to Albanian interests there. In August 1919, on his return from Paris, he stopped over in Rome. During negotiations with the Italian government, he secured Italian recognition for Albanian independence and a promise that the Italian occupation of Vlora would be temporary. It is this turbulent period of Albanian history that Mufid Bey Libohova describes in his memoirs, "Politika ime ndë Shqiperi, 1916-1920" ("My Policies in Albania, 1916–1920").
Libohova would be an opponent of the Congress of Lushnje event of 1920, as part of the old-case government of Durrës together with Mustafa Merlika-Kruja, Fejzi Alizoti, and Sami Vrioni. According to Sejfi Vllamasi's (1883–1975) memories they would try to prohibit the delegates from reaching Lushnje, sometomes concinving them not to ans sometimes forcely. The opposition would culminate with the assassination of the Prefect of Durrës (and delegate to Lushnjë) Abdyl Ypi (1876-1920) by Sul Mërlika, himself cousin of Mustafa Mërlika-Kruja.
In addition, he was an Albanian government member on nine occasions from 1912 until his death in 1927, holding the positions of Justice Minister, Minister of the Interior, Minister of Finance, and Minister of Foreign Affairs.
<br>A strong pro-Zog supporter, he returned to Albania from exile in Greece with his followers and financial support by the Greek government, and helped overthrow the government of Fan Noli a few months after the June Revolution.
Libohova is considered the father of the Albanian Lek, since he proposed the name and was the minister of Finance when the Lek was put into force. Libohova has been also member of International Control Commission, which was a provisional institution since the resignation of Ismail Qemali until the coronation of William, Prince of Albania, and the first ambassador of Albania to Italy. <br>Myfid Libohova was born in 1876, Libohova, Ottoman Empire and died in February 1927 in Sarandë, Albania.
References.
"History of Albanian People" Albanian Academy of Science.ISBN 99927-1-623-1

</doc>
<doc id="19887891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887891" title="Colaiste Lorcain">
Colaiste Lorcain

Colaiste Lorcain is a post-primary school located in the town of Castledermot, Co. Kildare, Ireland. The school came to existence in July 1984 as a result of an amalgamation between the Vocational School, Castledermot and St. Mary's Secondary School. The school is dedicated to St. Laurence O'Toole, the patron saint of the Arch Diocese of Dublin, who was born in the parish of Castledermot around the year 1123. The school is under the direction of a Board of Management which includes representatives of the Sisters - The Poor Servants of the Mother of God, Kildare Vocational Education Committee, the parents and teachers of the school.
Castledermot is situated on the main Dublin - Waterford road approximately ten km north of Carlow town. A new by-pass has recently been completed, which will provide much relief to the town.
Notable Achievements.
Sport.
The Colaiste Junior Rugby team currently has won the Junior Leinster Schoolboy Cup once.
COLAISTE LORCAIN GO FROM STRENGTH TO STRENGTH...
Young Scientist.
Colaiste Lorcain has a great history of competing in the BT Young Scientist with numerous prizes every year. Under the tuition of Mr. Syl McEvoy, there were two first prizes and a third prize, which means three won prizes out of four.

</doc>
<doc id="19887895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887895" title="Petro Poga">
Petro Poga

Petro Poga (1850-1944) was one of the delegates of Albanian Declaration of Independence event in Vlorë, 1912, and one of the most important Albanian Rilindas. 
He was born in Erind, Gjirokastër, Albania (then Ottoman Empire), son of Vito Poga, a local who had previously worked in his region and in Istambul as a tailor. 
<br>Poga went to the Zosimea Greek language School of Ioannina, Greece (then Ottoman Empire) and then graduated in Jurisprudence from the Istanbul University. In Istanbul he was active part of the Central Committee for Defending Albanian Rights, and the Society for the Publication of Albanian Writings. These two associations, both founded by Sami Frashëri, included Naim Frashëri, Abdyl Frashëri, Jani Vreto, Koto Hoxhi, Shahin Kolonja, Hasan Tahsini, and Ismail Qemali and aimed to create an independent Albania. 
In 1884 Poga founded and started publishing the "Drita" in Istambul. As Muslim Albanians were not allowed to write in Albanian at that time, Albanian writers such as Naim Frasheri and Sami Frasheri would write using pseudonyms. Shahin Kolonja would take over after him. The magazine was later published by Pandeli Sotiri, under the name of "Dituria" ("Knowledge" in English). 
In his memories Petro Poga wrote: 
"The magazine Drita awakened the sacred national ideal and influenced to establish in the Albanians' hearts the thought that religions can not change a nation, because they cannot change the language and customs that create a nation."
In 1906-1908, Petro Poga was in Gjirokastër where he contributed with the propagation of the Albanian language and the Albanian identity. One of his most important roles was the foundation of the patriotic club "Drita" of Gjirokastër, which was further led by Albanian patriots Hasan Xhiku, Idriz Guri, Hysen Hoxha, and Elmaz Boçe.
Petro Poga strongly advocated for the Albanian move towards independence in 1912. He was elected as one of the representatives of Gjirokastër to the National Assembly of Vlora which declared Albania's independence from the Ottoman Empire. 
After Albania's independence in 1912 he was a Minister of Justice in the first Albanian government and acted twice as a Prime Minister of Albania (1 February 1925 - 23 September 1925 and 12 February 1927 - 20 October 1927).
Poga became the President of the Supreme Court of Albania in 1913-1915. Along with Dhimitër Tutulani and Feim Mezhgorani he drafted the Statute that separated the Albanian Justice system from the jurisdiction of the Ottoman Empire. On December 25, 1918 he was the representative of Gjirokastër in the Congress of Durrës, where he was elected vicepresident and member of the Turhan Përmeti cabinet. Along with Luigj Gurakuqi in his discussions in this Congress he asked to adopt a law to respect religious freedoms according to European standards of that time. He also gave his contribution to draft the Albanian legislation and the Constitution of the Albanian Kingdom in 1928. 
Poga spent his last years in his childhood village in Erind.
References.
"History of Albanian People" Albanian Academy of Science.ISBN 99927-1-623-1

</doc>
<doc id="19887912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887912" title="Jani Papadhopulli">
Jani Papadhopulli

Jani Papadhopulli was one of the signatories of the Albanian Declaration of Independence, who was later elected as deputy of the Albanian parliament in 1924.

</doc>
<doc id="19887916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887916" title="Hysen Hoxha">
Hysen Hoxha

Hysen Efendi Hoxha (1861–1934) was an Albanian nationalist, mayor of Gjirokastër, and the uncle of Enver Hoxha.
Life.
Hysen Hoxha was born in Gjirokastër, where his father Beqir was a supporter of the local branch of the League of Prizren. He studied theology in Istanbul. Hoxha was responsible for opening the first Albanian-language school in his region (named "Liria") and at the time of his nephew Enver Hoxha's birth in 1908 chaired a committee of national renaissance in the province. He also founded a folk ensemble. In November 1912 he served as a delegate from Gjirokastër to the Vlorë meeting on the occasion of the Albanian Declaration of Independence.
His impact on the early life of Enver Hoxha was felt due to Enver's father having been overseas in the United States of America as an economic emigrant. As an atheist he played a role in fostering Enver's own atheistic views at an early age.

</doc>
<doc id="19887925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887925" title="Pabellón de Arteaga Municipality">
Pabellón de Arteaga Municipality

Pabellón de Arteaga is municipality in the Mexican state of Aguascalientes. It stands at in the central part of the state. The city of Pabellón de Arteaga (2005 population: 26,797) serves as its municipal seat. The municipality had a population of 38,912 and an area of 199.33 km² (76.97 sq mi). Its largest other town is named Emiliano Zapata.
Settlements.
The municipality has a total of 117 settlements. The main ones are:

</doc>
<doc id="19887928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887928" title="Veli Këlcyra">
Veli Këlcyra

Veli Këlcyra, usually referred as Veli Bey Këlcyra, was an Albanian influential "bey" and one of the delegates during the Albanian Declaration of Independence.
Veli Këlcyra came from the well known bey family of Këlcyrë, the same family of Ali Këlcyra, future leader of Balli Kombëtar. Këlcyra family was deported and interned near Arta during the reign of Ali Pashe Tepelena, and returned only after his death. They were known as local bey and a powerful family of the area after that.
His name appears within the Albanian Colony of Bucharest, as one of the founders of the "Committee of Albanians for the Freedom of Albania" () on 5 May 1907 together with Kristo Meksi, Pandeli Evangjeli, Bajo Topulli, and Vasil Zografi as a branch of the Secret Committee for the Liberation of Albania of Bajo Topulli (1905) which headquarters were in Monastir.
Veli Këlcyra was a delegate of the Përmet region at the Declaration of Independence in Vlora, 28 November 1912. After the Independence he was not very active in the Albanian politics. The residence of the family located up in the hills near the Këlcyrë Gorge was bombarded by the Greek armies led by Zografos in 1914, because of the strong opposition to the annexation of south Albania by Greece, and later the Autonomous Republic of Northern Epirus.
<br>His name and figure remains mostly unknown among Albanians, even due to the persecution the family during the Communist regime in Albania after WWII. In 2012, the Municipality sent an official request to the Albanian Presidency to decorate Veli Këlcyra for his contribute to the national cause.

</doc>
<doc id="19887929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887929" title="Syrja Vlora">
Syrja Vlora

Syrja Vlora, usually referred as Syrja Bey Vlora, was one of the active figures of the Albanian Declaration of Independence in 1912, and one of the delegates of the Assembly of Vlorë.
Biography.
Syrja Bej Vlora was born in Vlorë, back then Ottoman Empire, in 1860. He was a member of the well known Vlora family, historically successful through the ranks of Ottoman administration and military. His was the son of Mustafa Pashë Vlora, and brother of the Grand Vezir Avlonyalı Ferid Paşa (1851-1914). Vlora was also related to Ismail Qemali, both being political rivals at the same time. <br>Syrja Vlora was married to the sister of Essad Toptani.
Before the new Albanian state, he had served as General Director of the Customs of the Ottoman Empire, and a representative in the Ottoman Parliament from 1908.
<br>He was the father of the Albanian politician and scholar Ekrem Bey Vlora. Together they had propagandized the Albanian independence in Austria during the pre-Independence European tour of Ismail Qemali.
He died in 1940.

</doc>
<doc id="19887931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887931" title="Feim Mezhgorani">
Feim Mezhgorani

Feim Bey Mezhgorani was one of the signatories of the Albanian Declaration of Independence.
Along with Kristaq Tutulani he worked under Petro Poga to draft the Statute that separated the Albanian Justice system from the jurisdiction of the Ottoman Empire.

</doc>
<doc id="19887940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887940" title="Kristo Meksi">
Kristo Meksi

Kristo Meksi (1849 - 1931) was an Albanian politician of the early 20th century. He was one of the signatories of Albanian Declaration of Independence and also one of the first Albanian diplomats.
Early life.
Born in Labovë in 1849, he finished the Zosimaia School in Ioannina and afterwards he migrated to Romania. His patriotic activity started there. In 1906 he financed books and abecedaries in Albanian and collaborated with Thoma Çami to publish 2000 abecedaries in Gheg Albanian. In 1908, Meksi sent books to Musa Demi as a contribution for the start of the Filiates school in Albanian language. Meksi was also between the contributors to the first Albanian teachers' school, the Shkolla Normale e Elbasanit, a teacher training institution that was founded on 1 December 1909 in Elbasan.
Albanian Declaration of Independence.
On 27 October 1912, along with Luigj Gurakuqi and other 25 Albanians, Meksi received in Bucharest Ismail Qemali, who was coming from Trieste to organize the Albanian community of Bucharest for the proclamation of the Albanian Declaration of Independence. Afterwards, Meksi travelled to Albania to participate in the Declaration and become one of its signatories, as the representative of the region of Ioannina. On 4 December 1912, Meksi was elected as one of the members of the Albanian Senate along with other founding fathers such as Mustafa Kruja, Myfti Vehbi Dibra, Eqerem Vlora, and Babë Dud Karbunara.
Meksi was the emissary of the Provisional Government of Albania to the Albanian Congress of Trieste on 16 February 1913, which secured international recognition for that government. One year later, in 1914, Meksi was an advisor of Prince Wilhelm Wied.
He worked in the Zogu government as an advisor. He died in Tirana in 1931 after he had become completely blind in his later years.

</doc>
<doc id="19887944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887944" title="Aristidh Ruci">
Aristidh Ruci

Aristidh Ruci (1875-1950) was one of the signatories of Albanian Declaration of Independence in 1912. He campaigned for the spread of education in Southern Albania and was a founder of the nationalist Labëria Club.
He was born in Sheper, Zagori region near Gjirokastër, . Ruci was an active participant in the Battle of Vlora.
Late in life, Ruci served as the President of the Chamber of Commerce of Vlorë and member of the newly created Board of the Bank of Albania.
On December 28, 2009, Ruci and several other notable people from Vlorë were honoured at a ceremony at the Petro Marko theatre by the district of Vlorë.
Aristidh Ruci died in 1950 in Vlorë in a communist prison. There was neither an obituary nor a funeral service in his honor.
Sources.
"History of Albanian People" Albanian Academy of Science.ISBN 99927-1-623-1

</doc>
<doc id="19887951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887951" title="Shake, Rattle &amp; Roll X">
Shake, Rattle &amp; Roll X

Shake, Rattle & Roll X (also known as, Shake, Rattle and Roll 10) is a Filipino horror suspense in three acts from Regal Films. It is the tenth installment of the Shake, Rattle & Roll film series. It was also distributed by Regal Entertainment, Inc. and Regal Multimedia, Inc. It was an official entry in the 2008 Metro Manila Film Festival. The film received the Festival Award for the Best Child Performer, which is Robert Villar.
Plot.
Emergency (Overview).
Shake Rattle & Roll X" opens the curtains of the first episode: Emergency. JC De Vera and Roxanne Guinoo head the cast as Jay and Dr. Sarah respectively. Here, they will face the wrath of the aswangs which will be led by the cast of Cinemalaya Best Actress Mylene Dizon and Gawad Urian awardee Wendell Ramos. Also with them are Janus Del Prado, Eri Neeman, Denise Laurel, John Lapus and Mr. Cris Daluz.
Plot.
The full moon looms high one windy night. Jay (JC De Vera) and Dennis (Janus Del Prado) were traveling along a dark highway. They accidentally ran over a pregnant woman (Mylene Dizon) crossing the street. They saw that she has a miscarriage and they immediately carried her to the hospital.
The mysterious woman was not the only patient that night. There was a gay named Julius (John Lapus) who was complaining about fever, an English-speaking man named Eric (Eri Neeman) who keeps complaining about the hospital's defective apparatus and a "tortured" and badly injured man who immediately recognized the woman. He attempted to swipe her with his whip, but it only lead to his death.
Hospital radiologist Dr. Sarah (Roxanne Guinoo) examines the woman using an ultrasound. During the examination, a very eerie sound wailed through the air. They discovered that the infant died while inside the woman's womb. Meanwhile, Sarah went to the bathroom where it was revealed that she was pregnant.
The woman then was transferred into an isolated room. The hospital's administrator, Dr. Ignacio (Perry Escano) became skeptical about the true nature of the woman. They speculated that she might not be human, He decided to promote this idea, a thing that enraged Sarah.
Back into the isolated room, the woman had a dream of a man beating her with a magic whip: it was the same man who attempted her life as mentioned earlier. She gave a very shrill cry; a scream that gave evidence she was not human but an aswang "(vampire or flesh eating witch in Filipino mythology)". Together with her husband (Wendell Ramos), who was also an witch, along with their race, they seek vengeance on humans, ready to invade the hospital. The hospital tenants brace themselves for the incoming attack. Dr. Ignacio is the first to be killed by the aswang husband after terminating Jay.
Jay became aware of the events happening outside. He, Sarah and the others immediately evacuate to the upper floors as the witch relentlessly break in, killing patients including Julius and Erick. The others hid in the stock room while Jay rescued a young girl from the witch Wife.
Dennis, who had been separated from the team, discovered that dextrose can kill the witches but was proven wrong: holy water can. They formulated a plan: Jay and Sarah will ward the beasts off while hospital chaplain, Father Miguel (Cris Daluz) and Dennis will bless the water tank with holy water.
Sarah and Jay were trapped in a locked corridor, with the beasts in pursuit. They use a defibrillator to electrify the beasts. At that moment, Father Miguel and Dennis reached the tank, and Sarah jokingly revealed to Jay that she was pregnant.
At this point, The aswangs morphs into more powerful creatures and launched their final attack. After Father Miguel blesses the water in the tank turning it into holy water. While Jay is being attacked by the creatures Sarah then uses a fire-lit boom to activate the fire sprinklers/fire sprinkler system to destroy the aswangs. At the end of the story the Baby aswang opens its eyes and uses the final scare of the episode.
Class Picture (Overview).
After tasting the tense of the first episode, Director Topel Lee brings us the second spine-chilling episode: the Class Picture. For the first time, the cast will be led by the famous loveteam of the generation: Kim Chiu and Gerald Anderson. With them is Ms. Jean Garcia who will play the antagonist, Sis. Maria Belonia. Along with them are Eda Nolan, Nina Jose, Prince Stefan, Charles Christianson, IC Mendoza, Andrea Torres, Stef Prescott and Erich Gonzales.
Plot.
The episode opens with a terrified young woman running through the halls of San Selino college at night. She sees terrifying things like a dead student wearing an old uniform of San Selino. When she is clad in the same uniform, she becomes more terrified when she is scourged by an unseen force while a diabolical female laughter is heard. The young woman dies after being stoned and having her forehead sliced by a razor being held by an unknown female hand, later revealed to be that of Sister Maria Belonia, the evil nun teacher who haunts the school in return for a terrible oath done in the past.
Ten college students of San Selino College spend their weekend in the campus. Joy (Kim Chiu), Lui (Gerald Anderson) and their 8 friends were assigned to prepare an exhibit in exchange for lifting the suspension of their organization. The exhibit was also meant to be part of their graduation. On their first night, one of them, Nicole (Niña Jose), presumably the young woman at the opening scene, disappeared without a trace.
Joy wakes up from a nightmare and tells her story. Before midnight, she picked a mysterious class picture named "Rubi 1898" in the school's storage room. Little that they know that this picture was cursed by the spirit of a demented nun named Sister Maria Belonia (Jean Garcia), a teacher who was responsible for the death of the students back in the Spanish Colonial Period.
The second incident of this picture being involved was when Blue (Eda Nolan) and Pinky (IC Mendoza) dumped the trash. Blue took a look at Sr. Belonia in the picture. Suddenly it smiled. Suddenly, she was unknowingly captured by an unknown force and she, too, vanished. She was apparently killed by the spirit of Sis. Belonia who sliced her arms when she was stuck to a chair in a classroom.
Joy discovers sinister writing in a classroom building window. The words are written in blood saying "No Me Mires Fijamente". When the group goes to the library, a computer translates the words to English saying "Do Not Stare". Not a single person in the group knows that this was a warning saying that anyone who looks at the nun at the cursed picture will disappear and die. They researched the yearbooks for information and found that the "Rubi" was a class section supervised by Sister Maria Belonia. The dark mystery is then revealed. Three students, namely Crisel, Sabel, and Adela were the missing students of Rubi section. In vengeance, Belonia must seek three students from them. Lui looks at the picture and spots their group mates in the photo; Nicole, who found the picture in the first place and Blue, who scanned a look at it. Joy reveals that she is the next to be taken for accidentally looking at the nun before she is abducted by the spirit of Sr. Maria Belonia. Also at this point, it is revealed that Nicole was the young woman in the opening scene.
Joy runs through the school's hallways in order to escape the wrath of Sis. Belonia. She sees the three missing students in a room being scourged by Belonia and once she is gone, Joy frees the trio. At this point, it was revealed that Sister Belonia tortures students for being disobedient. Crisel, Sabel, and Adela, in retaliation, wrote a letter to their headmistress nun for her actions. The headmistress, upon learning this, fires Belonia from San Selino (this later explains why she utter the words often). In return, she committed suicide but not before swearing that she will complete her picture. Later on, she finds herself now clad in the Hispanic period San Selino school uniform.
Lui and Greg (Prince Stefan) chased Joy but arrive too late during the final confrontation at the school's theater hall/auditorium as the doors were tightly shut and locked by the angered spirit of Belonia, who was ready to take Joy. Lui tried to tear the picture but it proved impervious as the curse of the evil nun is still in there.
Surprisingly, the ghosts of Crisel, Sabel and Adela reappeared too and tore the picture apart. A screaming Belonia vanishes from the living world and is placed into the depths of hell. The ghostly trio peacefully then depart for heaven. With all the terror ended, the group finished and inaugurated the exhibit, but were suspended for unexplainable loss of their classmates, a fact that made their school status parallel to Sis. Belonia, Crisel, Sabel, and Adela.
Nieves (Overview).
Shake Rattle & Roll X concludes in this episode brought to you by Director Michael Tuviera: Nieves. Named after its protagonist, Nieves, it tells about the life story of an engkanto slayer named Nieves. For her debut Shake Rattle & Roll, Marian Rivera plays as the cool but fierce engkantolarya. Her trainees, Junie and Kaysee, will be played by child actor Robert "Buboy" Villar and Jennica Garcia, daughter of Jean Garcia. Along with them are Desiree Del Valle, Mart Escudero, Marco Alcaraz, Iwa Moto, Luis Alandy, Ms. Malou Crisologo, Mike "Pekto" Nacua and Diana Zubiri who plays as the antagontist, Acacia.
Plot.
Nieves (Nye-ves) (Marian Rivera) is a happy-go-lucky but a fierce Engkantolarya (Engkanto slayer). While on a walk at the forest one day, she was pursued by an engkanto, Hagnaya (Marco Alcaraz). Saying that she has got no crush on him, she vanished the poor engkanto away.
It was revealed that Nieves lives with her husband Adonis (Mike Nacua), a handsome man, and an engkanto heartthrob. But one stormy night, the young man was intentionally kidnapped by an engkanto. With this, Nieves formally resigned her job.
Meanwhile, a family from Manila spends their vacation in a new house bounded by a large tree. Celso (Mart Escudero), however, was hypnotized and was forced to cut the tree thus creating a new problem for his family.
Junie (Robert Villar), Celso's little nephew, went to see Nieves along with a young girl named Kaysee (Jennica Garcia) after gaining information from Aling Tasing (Malou Crisologo). However, Nieves reluctantly welcomes them, but after seeing a begging Junie, she offered them to be trained as soon as possible.
Kaysee and Junie trekked back to Nieves's home when they were welcomed by the townsfolk, complaining about the new attacks of dwarves, elves, kapres, etc. The engkantolarya, still reluctant to resume her job, finally agreed to continue her post.
Junie's parents (Luis Alandy and Desiree Del Valle) seek help from Nieves when something happened wrong again: Celso fell ill once more, this time, his illness worsened. Nieves explained why the young man fell ill: he cut the tree in the backyard, which was the home of Hagnaya and his wife, Wai Lana (Iwa Moto). It was also revealed that the voice that entranced Celso was the engkanto queen herself, Acacia (Diana Zubiri).
Nieves negotiated with Wai Lana and Hagnaya personally, explaining that Celso did not mean to cut down the tree and offered them that she will help find their new home. On the contrary, Kaysee, who went with a walk with Junie one day, revealed herself as Acacia.
Sensing danger, Junie ran to Nieves and told her what he saw. The engkanto slayer was given a special suit blessed by the good engkantos. As they speak, Acacia ensnared the townsfolk to her lair.
Nieves confronted Acacia while Junie healed the townsfolk from entrancement. As the two ladies fight, it was revealed that Acacia had Adonis held hostage in a hill. In anger, the engkanto queen tortured the engkantolarya mercilessly. Enraged, the young slayer threw a repellent in the air while Junie hit it with his sling-stone, killing Acacia in the process.
With Adonis back, Nieves and the townsfolk rejoiced.
Cast.
Emergency
Class Picture
Nieves
Awards.
Best Child Performer- Robert "Buboy" Villar
1st Best Film- Shake Rattle and Roll X
Reception.
Critical.
Shake, Rattle and Roll X was viewed as a "mixed bag of stories that range in quality from poor to somewhat okay." The first story, "Emergency" lacked narrative, and had unnecessary character details that affected the pace. "Class Picture" was viewed as having strong Asian horror elements although its script failed to keep pace with the direction. The last entry, "Nieves" is described to be entertaining due to its solid script, carefully blended mythology with humor and an unforgettable performance from Marian Rivera. What made it unique was its use of comedy, which made it comparable to Buffy The Vampire Slayer.[http://guides.clickthecity.com/movies/?p=4258][http://www.pep.ph/guide/3148/PEP-REVIEW:-Shake,-Rattle-&-Roll-X]
Box-office.
Robert Villar was awarded for Best Child Performer for playing the role Junie in this movie.

</doc>
<doc id="19887954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887954" title="Veli Gërra">
Veli Gërra

Veli Gërra was a leading member of the Albanian independence movement and one of the signatories of Albanian Declaration of Independence, representing the region of Cameria. 
Born in Gumenica, Ottoman Empire, now in modern Greece, Gërra was a teacher and a benefactor for Albanian schools. After the proclamation of the Albanian independence, Gërra gave an important contribution to the consolidation of the newly formed Ismail Qemali government, and to the defense of the Albanian territories from Greek chauvinism during the Greek Occupation of Albania. He was between the Albanian representatives of the Vlore "Kuvend" to protest against the Great Powers' decision to award to Greece south Albanian territories in 1913.

</doc>
<doc id="19887959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887959" title="Jakup Veseli">
Jakup Veseli

Jakup Veseli (aka Vejsel Margëllëçi) was a leading figure in the Albanian independence movement one of the signatories of Albanian Declaration of Independence, representing the region of Chameria.
He was born in Margariti, (), modern-day Greece, then Ottoman Empire.

</doc>
<doc id="19887961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887961" title="Agora (film)">
Agora (film)

Agora () is a 2009 Spanish English-language historical drama film directed by Alejandro Amenábar and written by Amenábar and Mateo Gil. The biopic stars Rachel Weisz as Hypatia, a female mathematician, philosopher and astronomer in late 4th-century Roman Egypt, who investigates the flaws of the geocentric Ptolemaic system and the heliocentric model that challenges it. Surrounded by religious turmoil and social unrest, Hypatia struggles to save the knowledge of classical antiquity from destruction. Max Minghella co-stars as Davus, Hypatia's father's slave, and Oscar Isaac as Hypatia's student, and later prefect of Alexandria, Orestes.
The story uses historical fiction to highlight the relationship between religion and science amidst the decline of Greco-Roman polytheism and the Christianization of the Roman Empire. The title of the film takes its name from the "agora", a gathering place in ancient Greece, similar to the Roman "forum". The film was produced by Fernando Bovaira and shot on the island of Malta from March to June 2008. Justin Pollard, co-author of "The Rise and Fall of Alexandria" (2007), was the historical advisor for the film.
"Agora" was screened out of competition at the 2009 Cannes Film Festival in May, and opened in Spain on October 9, 2009 becoming the highest grossing film of the year for that country. Although the film had difficulty finding distribution, it was released country by country throughout late 2009 and early 2010. The film received a 53% overall approval rating from Rotten Tomatoes and seven Goya Awards in Spain, including Best Original Screenplay. It was awarded the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation Feature Film Prize at the Hamptons International Film Festival.
Plot.
In 391 AD, Alexandria is part of the Roman Empire, and Greek philosopher Hypatia (Rachel Weisz) is a teacher at the Platonic school, where future leaders are educated. Hypatia is the daughter of Theon (Michael Lonsdale), the director of the Musaeum of Alexandria. Hypatia, her father's slave, Davus (Max Minghella), and two of her pupils, Orestes (Oscar Isaac) and Synesius (Rupert Evans), are immersed in the changing political and social landscape. She rejects Orestes's love (she offers him her bloody menstrual towel, to show him that love has its drawbacks, while studying has none): she prefers to devote herself to science. Davus assists Hypatia in her classes and is interested in science, and is also secretly in love with her.
Meanwhile, social unrest begins challenging the Roman rule of the city as Pagans and Christians come into conflict. When the Christians start defiling the statues of the pagan gods, the pagans, including Orestes and Hypatia's father, ambush the Christians to squash their rising influence. However, in the ensuing battle, the pagans unexpectedly find themselves outnumbered by a large Christian mob. Hypatia's father is gravely injured and Hypatia and the pagans take refuge in the Library of the Serapeum. The Christian siege of the library ends when an envoy of the Roman Emperor declares that the pagans are pardoned, however the Christians shall be allowed to enter the library and do with it what they please. Hypatia and the pagans flee, trying to save the most important scrolls, before the Christians overtake the library and destroy its contents. Davus chooses to join the Christian forces. He later returns with a gladius and starts sexually assaulting her, but quickly begins to sob and offers his sword to her. However, she removes his slave collar and tells him he is free.
Several years later, Orestes, now converted to Christianity, is prefect of Alexandria. Hypatia continues to investigate the motions of the Sun, the Moon, the five known "wanderers" (planets) and the stars. Some Christians ridicule the thinking that the Earth is a sphere, by arguing that people far from the top would fall off the Earth. When they ask Davus his opinion he avoids conflict by saying that only God knows these things.
Hypatia also investigates the heliocentric model of the solar system proposed by Aristarchus of Samos; by having an object dropped from the mast of a moving ship she demonstrates to Orestes that a possible motion of the Earth would not affect the motion, relative to Earth, of a falling object on Earth. However, due to religious objections against heliocentrism, the Christians have now forbidden Hypatia to teach at the school. The Christians and the Jews come into conflict, committing violent acts against each other.
The leader of the Christians, Cyril (Sami Samir), views Hypatia as having too much influence over Orestes and stages a public ceremony intended to force Orestes to subjugate her. Hypatia's former pupil, Synesius, now the Bishop of Cyrene, comes to her rescue as a religious authority counterweight, but says he cannot help her unless she accepts Christianity; she refuses. Hypatia makes a personal discovery, theorizing that the Earth orbits around the Sun in an elliptic, not circular, orbit with the Sun at one of the foci. Cyril convinces a mob of Christians that Hypatia is a witch and they vow to kill her. Davus tries to run ahead to warn Hypatia, but she is captured by the mob. They strip Hypatia naked and are about to skin her alive until Davus persuades the mob otherwise, and they decide to stone her instead. When everyone goes outside to collect stones, Davus secretly suffocates her to spare her the pain of being stoned to death and tells the mob that she fainted. Davus leaves as they begin to stone her.
Production.
Development.
After Amenábar completed "The Sea Inside" (2004), he took a break and traveled to the island of Malta, where he used his free time to explore the night sky. Seeing the Milky Way galaxy, Amenábar began to discuss astronomy with his friends, speculating about extraterrestrial life on other planets. He started to research astronomy and came across "", by American astronomer Carl Sagan. Amenábar also studied historical figures such as Ptolemy, Copernicus, Johannes Kepler and Galileo, but found himself most interested in the story of Hypatia, a 4th-century Greek astronomer whose history, he felt, was still relevant in the 21st century: "We realized that this particular time in the world had a lot of connections with our contemporary reality. Then the project became really, really intriguing, because we realized that we could make a movie about the past while actually making a movie about the present."
To prepare for the task of recreating the ancient city of Alexandria without relying on computer generated imagery, Amenábar reviewed older sword-and-sandal films such as "The Ten Commandments" (1956), "Ben-Hur" (1959), and "Pharaoh" (1966). A year before the start of pre-production, designer Guy Hendrix Dyas spent three weeks with Amenábar in Madrid to do some preliminary work on the set designs and the recreation of the ancient city of Alexandria so that previs animations could be generated.
The film was produced by Fernando Bovaira, with Telecinco Cinema as the primary producer along with Mod Producciones, Himenoptero, and Sogecable as co-producers.
Filming.
Principal photography began on March 17, 2008, on the island of Malta, and was scheduled to last 15 weeks. Production designer Guy Hendrix Dyas used large sets on location instead of computer generated imagery at Amenábar's direction. The construction of the set employed almost 400 people, and was the largest ever designed on the island. Actor Charles Thake (Hesiquius) suffered minor facial injuries on the set when he collided with extras running during a scene. Filming ended in June.
Release.
"Agora" premiered at the 2009 Cannes Film Festival, but the film was initially unable to find a domestic distributor due to its large budget and length. The film also had trouble finding a distributor in both the USA and Italy, although it eventually found distributors in both countries. The North America premiere was held at the Toronto International Film Festival in September, 2009. "Agora" opened in Spain on October 9, 2009, breaking box office records for that country. A limited release in the U.S. began on May 28, 2010, opening on two screens at the Paris Theatre and the Sunshine Cinema in New York. The film opened on the West Coast of the U.S. on June 4, playing only two screens: at The Landmark theatre in Los Angeles and at Regal's Westpark 8 in Irvine.
Home media.
In March 2010, "Agora" was released in Region 2-locked DVD and Blu-ray formats. A Region 1-locked DVD was released October 2010.
Reception.
Critical response.
British writer and film critic Peter Bradshaw of "The Guardian" praised Alejandro Amenábar and his film, describing "Agora" as "an ambitious, cerebral and complex movie... Unlike most toga movies, it doesn't rely on CGI spectacle, but real drama and ideas." Bradshaw also applauded Rachel Weisz's role as Hypatia, calling it "an outstanding performance".
American screenwriter and critic Roger Ebert liked the film and gave it three stars out of four. He said: "I went to see "Agora" expecting an epic with swords, sandals and sex. I found swords and sandals, some unexpected opinions about sex, and a great deal more."
The film holds a 52% 'Rotten' rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on 87 reviews.
Response from Christians.
The Religious Anti-Defamation Observatory (Observatorio Antidifamación Religiosa), a Spanish Catholic group, claimed that the film was responsible for "promoting hatred of Christians and reinforcing false clichés about the Catholic Church." Michael Ordoña of the "Los Angeles Times" acknowledges that the film has been criticized for "perceived slights against Christians" but that "its lack of condemnation of specific dogma makes the film's target seem to be fundamentalism in general".
In contrast, the New York-based Rev. Philip Grey wrote a positive review of the film and strongly recommended it: "Christians who see themselves in the fanatic, murderous monks of the film and feel offended need to do some serious soul-searching.(...) Hypatia as depicted in the film is firmly opposed to what, in her time and at her city, is offered—or rather, imposed by brute force—under the name of 'Christianity'. Nevertheless, she seems to me far more a follower of the precepts of Christianity than are her persecutors and tormentors.(...) In particular, in watching the deeply moving final scene, her going calmly to her death amidst the jeering mob, I could not help but strongly recall Jesus Christ on His own way to Golgotha".
Box office.
"Agora" was Spain's highest grossing film of 2009, earning over $10.3 million within four days of its release on October 9.
Based on North American theatre tracking data from Rentrak Theatrical, "indieWIRE" reported that "Agora" "scored the highest per-theater-average of any film in the marketplace" during the Memorial Day holiday weekend from May 28 through May 31, just after its U.S. limited release. Despite this very high per-theater average, "Agora" was never widely released in the USA. According to Box Office Mojo, its widest release in the USA was just 17 theaters.
The film grossed over $32.3 million (€ 21.4 million) by 1 December 2009, and about $35 million by 1 February 2010. As of 10 January 2011, "Agora"'s worldwide box office earnings were approximately $39 million. DVD and Blu-ray sales numbers are not publicly available.
Accolades.
"Agora" was nominated for 13 Goya Awards, winning 7. The film won the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation Feature Film Prize ($25,000.00 USD) in 2009 at the Hamptons International Film Festival.
Historical accuracy.
Before its release, the distribution company insisted on screening the film at the Vatican. No objections were reported and Vatican officials assisted in some of the religious depictions. According to Amenábar, "There’s one scene in which Cyril reads from St. Paul and Vatican tried to look for the softest version. In the English version, is taken from the King James version of the Bible." The line is excerpted from 1 Timothy 2:8 - 2:12.
Antonio Mampaso, a Spanish astrophysicist and one of "Agora"'s scientific advisors, stated in an interview that "we know that Hypatia lived in Alexandria in the IV and V centuries CE, until her death in 415. Only three primary sources mention Hypatia of Alexandria, apart from other secondary ones". He added that none of Hypatia's work has survived but it is thought, from secondary sources, that her main fields of study and work were geometry and astronomy. Mampaso claimed that Hypatia invented the hydrometer, an instrument still in use today, and that probably her father Theon of Alexandria, together with Hypatia, invented the astrolabe. However, it is generally accepted that the astrolabe had already been invented a couple of centuries earlier, and that the instrument was known to the Greeks before the Christian era. Similarly, the hydrometer was invented before Hypatia, and already known in her time. Synesius sent Hypatia a letter describing a hydrometer, and requesting her to have one constructed for him.
Some reviewers have heavily criticized "Agora" for historical inaccuracies, heavy artistic licenses and perceived anti-Christian bias in the movie. Robert Barron, an American Catholic priest, writes in an article: "Hypatia was indeed a philosopher and she was indeed killed by a mob in 415, but practically everything else about the story that Gibbon and Sagan and Amenábar tell is false". Irene A. Artemi, a Dr. of Theology of the Athens University, states that "the movie - albeit seemingly not turning against the Christian religion - is in fact portraying the Christians as fundamentalist, obscurantist, ignorant and fanatic". Similarly, the atheist Armarium Magnum blog said: "Over and over again, elements are added to the story that are not in the source material: the destruction of the library, the stoning of the Jews in the theatre, Cyril condemning Hypatia's teaching because she is a woman, the heliocentric "breakthrough" and Hypatia's supposed irreligiousity."

</doc>
<doc id="19887968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887968" title="Rexhep Demi">
Rexhep Demi

Rexhep Demi (1864-1929) was a leading member of the Albanian independence movement and one of the signatories of Albanian Declaration of Independence, representing the region of Çamëria. He was a minister in the Provisional Government of Albania.
He was born in Filiates () in 1864 and died in 1929.

</doc>
<doc id="19887970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887970" title="Azis Tahir Ajdonati">
Azis Tahir Ajdonati

Azis Tahir Ajdonati was a leading figure in the Albanian movement of Independence and one of the signatories of Albanian Declaration of Independence, representing the region of Çamëria.

</doc>
<doc id="19887974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887974" title="Avni bej Delvina">
Avni bej Delvina

Avni bej Delvina was one of the signatories of the Albanian Declaration of Independence.

</doc>
<doc id="19887984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887984" title="Thanas Floqi">
Thanas Floqi

Thanas Floqi was one of the signatories of the Albanian Declaration of Independence.

</doc>
<doc id="19887997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19887997" title="Spiridon Ilo">
Spiridon Ilo

Spiridon Ilo (1876-1950) was one of the founding fathers of Albania as a signatory of the Albanian Declaration of Independence.
Ilo was born in Korçë, back then Ottoman Empire in 1876.
<br>He worked as a teacher in the girls' school of his home town founded by the Kyrias family. He later emigrated to Bucharest where he was part and active member of the Albanian colony. In December 1909, he participate in the theatrical play ""Besa"" (English: "Faith") together with Dhimitër Beratti. 
Ilo is said to have brought the Albanian flag to Albania in the Declaration of Independence in 1912, one of the versions of the non well-clarified origin of the Albanian flag of the 28 November 1912. The mostly accepted version so far is that the flag was embroidered by his niece Marigo Posio. 
<br>In 1913, he returned to Romania and in 1916 emigrated to New York where he continued his patriotic work.
In 1923 he founded the first Albanian recording company, "Albanian Phonograf Records", and recorded the Albanian national anthem written by Asdreni and music from Porumbescu. In 1946, he donated to his native city the technology and equipment of the recording studio, which unfortunately was destroyed later for reusing some parts for building the antenna of Radio Korça. In 1926, he returned to Korçë where he lived the rest of his life. During these years, he published and sold patriotic postcards. He also published the comedy "Vërtet ëndërr" () and also a song collection "Dëshirat e zemrës" (). He died in Korçë in 1950.
References.
"History of Albanian People" Albanian Academy of Science.ISBN 99927-1-623-1

</doc>
<doc id="19888000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888000" title="Hajdar Blloshmi">
Hajdar Blloshmi

Hajdar Blloshmi (Bërzeshtë, Librazhd, Ottoman Empire 1860 — 1936 Bërzeshtë, Librazhd, Albania) was one of the signatories of Albanian Declaration of Independence and a deputy of Pogradec in the Albanian parliament. His son, Salahydin was a member of the constitutional court of Albania and a deputy of the Albanian parliament in 1925-8.

</doc>
<doc id="19888020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888020" title="Bedri Pejani">
Bedri Pejani

Bedri Pejani (or Bedri bej Ipeku) (1885-1946) was 20th century Albanian politician. During the World War II, he was one of the founders of the Second League of Prizren which cooperated with Nazi Germany.
Biography.
Pejani was born in the city of İpek (now Peć) on 10 June 1885 with the name Bedri Thaçi, son of Abdi Thaçi (Pejani). To refer to his family origin he used the last name "Pejani" (from Ipek) as was custom for that period.
Pejani was active in the Nationalist Movement of Albanians in the Skopje region against the Young Turk administration in 1908. He was condemned to death by the Ottoman military court, and according to Sejfi Vllamasi's memories he passed a psychological shock which would affect him later. He was a delegate at the Congress of Monastir of 1908, and President of the Second Congress of Monastir. At the age of 27 Pejani became a signatory of the Albanian Declaration of Independence. He represented there the regions of Plav, Gusinje, Gjakova, and Ipek, and signed under the name "Bedri Bej Pejani". Elected at the first Albanian senate, he represented Kosovo at the Conference of Versailles in 1919.
Pejani was one of the founding members of the Committee for the National Defence of Kosovo, founded in Shkodër in November 1918.
In 1920 he became editor in-chief of "Populli" ("The people") after the assassination of Sali Nivica, a newspaper based in Shkodër. During the 1921-1923 period he was head of the People's Party () formed by Fan Noli and other liberal-nationalists and member of the Albanian Parliament.
In 1922, after failing to become Minister of the Interior, his relationship with Ahmet Zogu would aggravate. Pejani feared an assassination attempt from Zog's side and had another psychological breakdown. He was sent in a psychiatric hospital in Naples, returning shortly after being recovered. Vllamasi, a contemporary collaborator of Pejani, describes him as "maximally selfish, haughty, careless even towards his family, adventurer as a type, with an unbalanced nervous system".
Pejani was one of the main participants of the June Revolution in 1924, fleeing Albania after the Conservative forces overthrew Noli's government. When Ahmet Zogu came to power, he was condemned again to death "in absentia" by Zogu's regime, which subsequently amnestied him. Pejani joined KONARE founded by Fan Noli in Vienna. While in exile, Pejani moved up as Head of the Committee for the National Defence of Kosovo, together with Ibrahim Gjakova and Qamil Bala. During this time the Committee would receive some financial support from Comintern, same as did KONARE due to Noli's and Kosta Boshnjaku's connections. Pejani was a member of Comintern and kept continuous correspondence with it under the nickname "Emoraj".
The Italian Invasion of Albania in April 1939 would find Pejani as part of the Albanian exile community in Paris. Though an old opponent of Zogu, Pejani together with other Albanian activists and French politicians (such as Justin Godart) organized a protest meeting in Paris on April 8, 1939. The meeting strongly opposed the invasion of Albania and called for western democracies to react. He had previously forwarded a memorandum to Neville Chamberlain, British Prime Minister of the time through the French authorities as leader of the Popular Party () and the Albanian community of France on April 5. 
Pejani came back to Albania where he was arrested for anti-fascist and bolshevist activity and imprisoned in Porto-Romano near Durrës. He was released after Italy's capitulation.
During the Nazi Occupation, Mustafa Kruja and Shefqet Vërlaci would encourage him of taking a more active role. Assisted by the German emissary of the III Reich, Franz von Schweiger, and along with Xhafer Deva, Pejani created in 1943 the Second League of Prizren in order to protect Greater Albania, which, created in May 1941, was now in danger, because of political vacuum. Pajani's idea was that "the Albanians should be armed, so the end of the war, which was near, didn't find them unprepared and with hands up". In a document sent to the Führer from the position of the President of the Second League of Prizren, he took over to mobilize 120,000 - 150,000 Albanians under Nazi command. The German side would call the numbers "demographically impossible" and Pejani as "abnormal".
In 1946, Pejani was captured by the Albanian partisans and handed over to the Yugoslav side after having confessed in 13 pages his actions and beliefs and handed over to Petro Marko. Due to health issues he was hospitalized in Prizren, where allegedly he was poisoned.
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:
Further reading.
"History of Albanian People" Albanian Academy of Science.ISBN 99927-1-623-1

</doc>
<doc id="19888021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888021" title="Salih Gjuka">
Salih Gjuka

Salih Gjuka (1876-1925) was an Albanian teacher and activist of the Albanian National Awakening. The first teacher of Albanian in the Ottoman gymnasium of Uskub, in 1912 he became one of the signatories of the Albanian Declaration of Independence and member of the assembly of the Independent Albania as representative of Peć. During its session held on 4 December 1912 the Assembly of Vlorë elected Gjuka to be a member of the Senate of Albania. In 1913 he served as the head of the education department of the district of Berat, where he died in 1925.

</doc>
<doc id="19888023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888023" title="Jérôme Potier">
Jérôme Potier

Jérôme Potier (born 18 July 1962 in Rennes) is a former French tennis player. He is currently Josselin Ouanna's coach and has coached Marc Gicquel and Thierry Ascione.

</doc>
<doc id="19888025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888025" title="Mehmet Pashë Dërralla">
Mehmet Pashë Dërralla

Mehmet Pashë Dërralla also known as Kallkandeleni, was one of the signatories of the Albanian Declaration of Independence. Mehmet Pashë Dërralla was the Minister of War in the Provisional Government of Albania.
Biography.
Early life.
Mehmet Dërralla was born in 1843, the year of the Uprising of Dervish Cara, in Gradec, Kalkandelen (present day Tetovo). He was the son of noted Albanian patriot, Hasan Dërralla. He went to Maktab in Kalkandelen and completed secondary education in Uskub (present day Skopje). Dërralla did his tertiary education at the Military Academy of Istanbul. After graduating with top marks, Dërralla served in the infantry regiment in Anatolia. After serving for several years, Dërralla was promoted to the General Staff and was given the title of Pasha.
Ottoman duty.
Dërralla served as the general of the gendarmerie in Baghdad, later in Aleppo and than finally Selanik (present day Thessaloniki). After serving in Salonika, Dërralla moved to Uskub where he commanded the Prizren Vilayet. Shortly after, Dërralla ended his career as General in the Ottoman army.
The Albanian uprising.
Dërralla changed allegiance when using his influence, lifted protests in Kosovo and joined the 
Volunteer Army of the League of Prizren. Mehmet Dërralla was appointed adviser to Sulejman Vokshi, who was the Defence minister of the cabinet.
The Prizren League had 16,000 armed members under its control, who launched a revolution against the Ottoman Empire after the debacle at the Congress of Berlin and the official dissolvement of the League ordered by the Ottomans who feared the League would seek total independence from the empire. The Albanian rebels were able to kill Mehemed Ali Pasha, the Turkish emissary, in Yakova in August 1878. The Ottoman Empire sought to suppress the League and they dispatched an army led by Turkish commander Dervish Pasha, that by April 1881 had captured Prizren and crushed the resistance at Ulcinj.
After escaping arrest by the Ottoman authority, Dërralla went to contribute his services to the League of Peja, a political organization established in 1899 in the city of Peja. It was led by Haxhi Zeka, a former member of the League of Prizren. However, like the League of Prizren, the League of Peja was stopped by Ottoman forces. During the crisis, Dërralla was detained by government forces and was exiled to the deserts of Iraq. Dërralla returned to Kosovo due to receiving amnesty after the Young Turks uprising.
With the Ottoman empire deteriorating, the Ottomans offered Dërralla a position again in the Ottoman army. 
However, Dërralla refused stating that he already belongs to another cause. Dërralla ran major uprisings in Kosovo from 1910 to 1912, where the battles that culminated in the summer of 1912, marked the taking of Skopje, the former Kosovo vilayet center. The focus of their movement in this period was decided by disregarding the hegemony of neighboring states Serbia, Montenegro, Bulgaria and Greece, which already invested their strategy, was to deny the existence of the Albanian nation. Dërralla was one of the main protagonists of resistance attacks against Serbia and Montenegro, who aimed at conquering northern Albania. Under Dërralla's command, the Albanian rebels, managed to push back Serb forces in the space between the White Drin and Black Drin.
Albanian Declaration of Independence.
Dërralla was one of eighty-three leaders meeting in Vlora in November 1912 to declare Albania an independent country and set up a provisional government. Dërralla was a member of the Kosovo delegation. Isa Boletini suggested that Dërralla serve as Minister of War in the Provisional Government of Albania in which Dërralla accepted.
World War I and death.
World War I interrupted all government activities in Albania, and the country was split into a number of regional governments. Political chaos engulfed Albania after the outbreak of World War I. Dërralla was involved with the Kachak guerrilla movement against Serbia. He was captured by Serbian forces in 1916 and was imprisoned for a year and a half in Belgrade and Podgorica where he was poisoned.

</doc>
<doc id="19888047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888047" title="Riza bej Gjakova">
Riza bej Gjakova

Riza bej Gjakova, better known as Riza Bey Kryeziu of Gjakova, was an Albanian nationalist figure and guerrilla fighter, an influential bey in the Gjakova region, then Vilayet of Kosovo, Ottoman Empire, and one of the activists of Albanian national movements of early 20th century.
Hasan Prishtina, in his memoirs of 1921, mentions him as a "religious fanatic" who was obsessed with the idea of liberating Sultan Hamid from prison.
Riza was the father of Ceno Bey, Gani Bey, Said Bey, and Hasan Bey Kryeziu.

</doc>
<doc id="19888048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888048" title="Ajdin Draga">
Ajdin Draga

Ajdin Draga (1864-1914) was an Albanian politician. In 1912, he was a representative of Kosovo in the Albanian Declaration of Independence and a member of the Albanian Senate.
Life.
Ajdin Draga was born in Mojstir, Tutin, Serbia in 1864 to the Draga family. His father Ali Pasha Draga was a notable landowner of the region. His brothers, Nexhip and Ferhat, also activists of the Albanian National Awakening, led the Xhemijet party of Yugoslavia in the interwar period. In November 1912 he participated in the Assembly of Vlorë, in which the independence of Albania was declared and a national congress was formed. The deputies of the national congress also elected eighteen delegates of the assembly to form the Albanian Senate, of which Ajdin Draga was a member as a senator of Kosovo along with Salih Gjuka and Bedri Pejani. He died in June 1914 in a battle against Essadist forces in Rashbull, Durrës.

</doc>
<doc id="19888054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888054" title="Vana Parva">
Vana Parva

Vana Parva, also known as the “Book of the Forest”, is the third of eighteen books of the Indian epic Mahabharata. Vana Parva has 21 sub-books and 324 chapters. It is one of the longest books in the Epic.
It discusses the twelve-year sojourn of the Pandavas in the forest, the lessons they learn there and how it builds their character.
It is one of the longest of the 18 books in the Mahabharata, and contains numerous discussions on virtues and ethics, along with myths of Arjuna, Karna, tales of “Nahusha the snake and Yudhisthira” as well as “Ushinara and the hawk”, love stories of “Nala and Damayanti”, as well as “Savitri and Satyavan”.
Structure and chapters.
This book has 21 sub-parvas (sub-books or little books) and 324 sections (chapters). The following are the sub-parvas:
English translations.
Several translations of the Sanskrit book Vana Parva in English are available. Two translations from 19th century, now in public domain, are those by Kisari Mohan Ganguli and Manmatha Nath Dutt. The translations vary with each translator's interpretations. For example:
Original Sanskrit:
Kisari Mohan Ganguli's translation:
Manmatha Nath Dutt's translation:
J. A. B. van Buitenen completed an annotated edition of Vana Parva, based on critically edited and least corrupted version of Mahabharata known in 1975. Debroy, in 2011, notes that updated critical edition of Vana Parva, with spurious and corrupted text removed, has 16 sub-books, 299 adhyayas (chapters) and 10,239 shlokas (verses). Debroy has published a translated version of a critical edition of Vana Parva in Volume 2 and 3 of his series.
Clay Sanskrit Library has published a 15 volume set of the Mahabharata which includes a translation of Vana Parva by William Johnson. This translation is modern and uses an old manuscript of the Epic. The translation does not remove verses and chapters now widely believed to be spurious and smuggled into the Epic in 1st or 2nd millennium AD.
Inspiration for later works.
The Kirata sub-parva of Vana Parva has inspired several major poems and expanded works, such as the Kirātārjunīya by Bhāravi - considered by Monier Monier-Williams as an example of the poetic inventiveness in ancient India enabled by Sanskrit grammar, its flexibility in compounding of words and the use of mathematical meter, all accomplished with spiritual meaning.
Quotations and teachings.
Aranyaka Parva, Chapter 1:
Aranyaka Parva, Chapter 2:
Aranyaka Parva, Chapter 2:
Arjunabhigamana Parva, Chapters 28-29:
Arjunabhigamana Parva, Chapter 30:
Ajagara Parva, Chapter 180:
Markandeya-Samasya Parva, Chapter 200:
Vrihi Drounika Parva, Chapter 268:
Araneya Parva, Chapter 312:
See also.
Previous book of Mahabharata: Sabha Parva
Next book of Mahabharata: Virata Parva

</doc>
<doc id="19888060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888060" title="List of Salix species">
List of Salix species

This is an incomplete list of "Salix" species. The genus contains about 350 species.

</doc>
<doc id="19888063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888063" title="John Hayman Packer">
John Hayman Packer

John Hayman Packer (12 March 1730 – 16 September 1806) was an actor for David Garrick's company at Drury Lane. Originally a saddler, he created the character Freeman in James Townley's "High Life Below Stairs" (1759). His parts were usually minor and, late in life, "as a rule" old men in tragedies and sentimental comedies.

</doc>
<doc id="19888064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888064" title="Zihni Abaz Kanina">
Zihni Abaz Kanina

Zihni Abaz Kanina (18 January 1885 in Kanina, Ottoman Empire – 1959 in Tirana, Albania) was a prominent Albanian diplomat and politician. He was one of the signatories of Albanian Declaration of Independence. He was born in a notable Albanian family in Kanina, near Vlora, and was active during the National Renaissance of Albania. After the declaration of independence, he was Director General in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in the Provisional Government of Albania, a post he would regain during the Kingdom of Ahmet Zogu. During the Second World War he worked as a teacher of the Albanian language in his hometown, becoming a prominent activist of Balli Kombetar against occupants and communist forces. After the war, the established communist regime jailed him in 1951 on political motives and he died in 1959 in the jail of Tirana.

</doc>
<doc id="19888067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888067" title="Qerim Begolli">
Qerim Begolli

Qerim Begolli (born in İpek, Ottoman Empire, died 1945 in Peć, Yugoslavia) was a notable activist of both National Renaissance of Albania and the resistance of Albania during the Second World War. 
<br>
Begolli was vice-president of the League of Prizren in 1880, and one of the signatories of Albanian Declaration of Independence. 
<br>Begolli participated as well in the Albanian Congress of Trieste in 1913.
<br>He died in his birthplace, Peć, on 1945, killed by Yugoslav Partisans, at the end of World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="19888069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888069" title="Elouise P. Cobell">
Elouise P. Cobell

Elouise Pepion Cobell, Yellow Bird Woman (November 5, 1945 – October 16, 2011) was a "Niitsítapi" (Blackfoot Confederacy) elder and activist, banker, rancher, a Native American leader, and lead plaintiff in the groundbreaking litigation "Cobell v. Salazar," which challenged the United States' mismanagement of trust funds belonging to more than 500,000 individual Native Americans. In 2010 the government approved a $3.4 billion settlement for the trust case, including funds to partially compensate individual account holders, buy back lands and restore them to the Native American tribes, as well as a 60 million dollar scholarship fund. The settlement is the largest ever in a class action against the federal government.
Biography.
Elouise Pepion was born in 1945, the middle of nine children, and a great-granddaughter of Mountain Chief, one of the legendary leaders of the Blackfeet Nation. She grew up on her parents' cattle ranch on the Blackfeet Reservation. Like many reservation families, they did not have electricity or running water. Cobell attended a one room schoolhouse until high school. She graduated from Great Falls Business College and attended Montana State University, but had to leave before graduation to care for her mother, who was dying of cancer.
After her mother's death, Elouise moved to Seattle, where she met and married Alvin Cobell, another Blackfeet living in Washington at the time. They had one son, Turk Cobell. After returning to the reservation to help her father with the ranch, she became treasurer for the Blackfeet Nation, and founded the Blackfeet National Bank, the first national bank located on an Indian reservation and owned by a Native American tribe. In 1997, Cobell won a MacArthur genius award for her work on the bank and Native financial literacy. After twenty other tribes joined the bank to form the Native American Bank, Cobell became Executive Director of the Native American Community Development Corporation, the non-profit affiliate of the bank. She also served as Chairperson for the BlaHer professional, civic experience and expertise includes serving as Co-Chair of Native American Bank, NA.; a Board Member for First Interstate Bank; a Trustee of the National Museum of the American Indian; as well as a member of other boards.
Throughout her life, Cobell also helped her husband to operate their ranch. The ranch is for cattle and crops. Cobell was active in local agriculture and environmental issues. She founded the first land trust in Indian Country and served as a Trustee for the Nature Conservancy of Montana.
While Treasurer of the Blackfeet Tribe for more than a decade, Cobell discovered many irregularities in the management of funds held in trust by the United States for the tribe and for individual Indians. These funds were derived from fees collected by the government for Indian trust lands leased for lumber, oil production, grazing, gas and minerals, etc., from which the government was supposed to pay royalties to Indian owners. Along with the Intertribal Monitoring Association (on which she served as President), Cobell attempted to seek reform in Washington, DC from the mid-1980s to the mid-1990s without success. At that point she asked Dennis Gingold (renowned banking lawyer), Thaddeus Holt, and the Native American Rights Fund (including John Echohawk and Keith Harper) to bring a class-action suit forcing reform and an accounting of the trust funds belonging to individual Indians.
Filed in June 1996, the case is known as "Cobell v. Salazar". In 2010 Congress passed a bill to appropriate money for the Obama administration's negotiated settlement of $3.4 billion of the longstanding class action suit. As of July 2011, notices are going out to the hundreds of thousands of individual Native Americans affected. Most will receive settlements of about $1800, but some may receive more.
In 2009 when settlement was reached with the government, Cobell said: 
"Although we have reached a settlement totaling more than $3.4 billion, there is little doubt this is significantly less than the full accounting to which individual Indians are entitled. Yes, we could prolong our struggle and fight longer, and perhaps one day we would know, down to the penny, how much individual Indians are owed. Perhaps we could even litigate long enough to increase the settlement amount. But we are compelled to settle now by the sobering realization that our class grows smaller each year, each month and every day, as our elders die and are forever prevented from receiving their just compensation."
Cobell died at the age of 65 on October 16, 2011, in Great Falls, Montana after a brief battle with cancer.
To honor the former president of Montana’s Elvis Presley fan club, whose activities she had to quit in order to focus on her landmark lawsuit, all car radios during her funeral procession were tuned to Elvis songs in her honor. At the viewing, a pair of life-size Elvis cutouts were put up against the rear wall and a photo of Cobell and her family at Graceland flashed occasionally in the rotating display on a big screen overhead. The buffet featured a giant cake, decorated with the words, “In Loving Memory of Elouise Cobell” — and a picture of Elvis.

</doc>
<doc id="19888073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888073" title="Zyhdi Vlora">
Zyhdi Vlora

Zyhdi Efendi Vlora was one of the signatories of the Albanian Declaration of Independence.

</doc>
<doc id="19888076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888076" title="Fritt Ord (journal)">
Fritt Ord (journal)

Fritt Ord was a Norwegian journal, founded in 1931 by theologian Kristian Schjelderup, who later became known as a liberal bishop in the Church of Norway. It served as the journal of Landslaget for frilyndt kristendom (National organization of liberal Christians), a liberal organization within the Church of Norway. Schjelderup served as editor from 1931 until 1940, when the journal was discontinued.

</doc>
<doc id="19888079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888079" title="Qazim Kokoshi">
Qazim Kokoshi

Qazim Kokoshi was one of the signatories of the Albanian Declaration of Independence.

</doc>
<doc id="19888080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888080" title="Fritt Ord">
Fritt Ord

Fritt Ord (literally, "free speech") may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19888094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888094" title="Jani Minga">
Jani Minga

Jani Minga (1872-1947) was a patriot Albanian teacher and a notable follower of the National Renaissance of Albania. He was one of the signatories of Albanian Declaration of Independence.
Life.
Minga was born in Shënpjetër village, today's Fier District, Albania, on August 1 1872. His father Konstandin was an activist for the education in Albanian language, while his mother Ana was a descendent of Topia family of Berat. He finished the elementary school in Berat, and the high school in Qestorat, having Koto Hoxhi as a teacher. He studied and graduated later for Philology in the University of Athens. Minga knew Old and New Greek, Latin, Italian, and French.
<br>After finishing the studies he moved to Vlorë. Minga took part in every Congress on the Albanian language that took place before the declaration of independence, most notably the Congress of Monastir, where the Albanian alphabet was established. He initiated the association "Labëria" in 1889 and opened the first Albanian language school in Kanina. Minga wrote some early scholarly books on Albanian.
<br>His patriotic activity would culminate with the participation and signature on the Albanian Declaration of Independence on 28 November 1912 as delegate of Vlora region, and participation in the Vlora War as member of a voluntary unit from the villages of Seman area near Fier. He held the victory speech in "Pavarësia" square in Vlora. Minga held also a solemn speech together with Qazim Kokoshi during the funeral of Ismail Qemali on 1919.
Legacy.
Minga is awarded "Mësues i Popullit" (English: "People's Teacher"), and Honorary Citizen of Vlora.
<br>Several schools in Albania bear his name.
Sources.
"History of Albanian People" Albanian Academy of Science. ISBN 99927-1-623-1

</doc>
<doc id="19888098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888098" title="Eqrem Vlora">
Eqrem Vlora

Eqrem Vlora (1885–1964), also known as "Ekrem Vlora", "Eqrem bej Vlora", "Ekrem bey Vlora", "Ekrem B. Vlora", was an Albanian lord, politician, writer, and one of the delegates during the Albanian Declaration of Independence in November 28 1912.
Early life.
He was born in Vlora, the son of Syrja Bey Vlora, member of one of the wealthiest landowning families of the south. He was related both to Ismail Qemali and also to his main political opponent Esad Pasha, who were both his uncles from his father's and mother's side respectively. He was educated at the Theresianum in Vienna, 1899–1903, and studied law and religion in Istanbul, 1904. After working for the Ottoman Foreign Ministry for a time, including a three-month tour of duty at the Ottoman embassy in St. Petersburg in 1907, and years of travel in Europe, Albania and the Orient, he joined his uncle Ismail Qemali in the movement for Albanian independence. During these travels he met some of the most important personalities of the time, including Herbert Kitchener, Franz Conrad von Hotzendorf, several Arab sheikhs who would become the monarchs of the Arab countries and also a young lieutenant, Mustafa Kemal, who would eventually become the president of Turkey. According to Vlora's memoirs, members of his family were "de facto" (not "de jure") sanjakbeys of Sanjak of Avlona in period 1481—1828.
Balkan Wars.
During the Balkan Wars, he was given the rank of reserve major and the command of a territorial battalion for the defense of Vlora by the Turkish commander in Ioannina. After several successful skirmishes with the Greek forces in the area of Himarë, he was recalled to Vlora by his uncle, Ismail bey.
Albanian state.
In 1912, he was made deputy president of the senate. He was sent in Neuwied to meet the Prince Wilhelm of Wied, chosen to rule Albania. Later, he served in the Foreign Ministry during the Prince's reign and was distinguished as the commander of a volunteer artillery battery during the attack of peasant rebels on Durrës. He also received the Order of the Eagle for gallantry shown during the siege. He was a known supporter of the Central Powers during World War I for which reason he kept under arrest in Italy during most of the war but subsequently became a promoter of close relations between Italy and Albania. He was friendly towards the Italian commanders during the Italian invasion of Vlora in 1920. Vlora was elected to parliament in 1924, representing a conservative wing and, in 1925, became a senator for a short period of time. His relations with Ahmet Zogu were tenuous, though he served the latter on various diplomatic missions abroad. He was a close friend of the Bavarian baroness Marie Amelie, Freiin von Godin, with whom he translated the "Kanun" of Lekë Dukagjini into German.
Collaboration.
Vlora welcomed the Italian invasion of April 1939 and had close links to the Italian fascists. In 1942, Mustafa Merlika-Kruja appointed him Minister for Kosovo, the western half of which had been incorporated to Albania. His anti-Slavic policies, however, gave rise to widespread resistance among the Serbs and Montenegrins. In the summer of 1944, he was made Foreign Minister and Minister of Justice before going into Italian exile during the communist takeover. He died in Vienna and lies buried at the Neustift am Walde Cemetery.
Writer.
As a writer, Eqrem bej Vlora is remembered for his monograph "Aus Berat und vom Tomor: Tagebuchblätter" ('From Berat and Tomorr: Pages of a Diary', ), Sarajevo 1911, and, in particular, for his two-volume German-language memoirs, published posthumously as "Lebenserinnerungen" ('Memoirs'), Munich 1968, 1973, which provide insight into the world of an early 20th-century Albanian nobleman. They have recently been translated into Albanian as "Kujtime" ('Memoirs'), Tirana 2002, and Turkish as "Osmanli Arnavutluk'undan anilar, 1885-1912" ('Notes from Ottoman Albania, 1885-1912'), Istanbul 2006. Unpublished remains his monumental 1200-page typescript "Beiträge zur Geschichte der Türkenherrschaft in Albanien: eine historische Skizze" ('Contributions to the History of Turkish Rule in Albania: an Historical Sketch'), from which this account of the noble families of Medieval Albania is taken.

</doc>
<doc id="19888104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888104" title="Dhimitër Zografi">
Dhimitër Zografi

Dhimitër Zografi (1878–1945) was one of the signatories of Albanian Declaration of Independence.
Early life and career.
Zografi was born in Korçë in 1878. At the end of the 19th century he emigrated to Romania. In 1906 he participated in founding the patriotic association of the Albanians from Bucharest "Bashkimi-Unirea". He was one of the organizers of the Albanian colony in meeting that occurred in Bucharest in early November 1912. He was elected as a delegate of the Albanian Colony in Romania to participate in the Albanian Declaration of Independence. In December 1912, along with Dhimitër Emanoili, he went to Brindisi and then to Korçë and from there to Romania. He protested the decisions of the Conference of Paris and its injustice on the Albanian people and is the organizer of the signatories of a petition against the Conference in June 1919.
Death.
Zografi died in 1945 in Bucharest.

</doc>
<doc id="19888107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888107" title="Dhimitër Mborja">
Dhimitër Mborja

Dhimitër Mborja Emanoili (1884–1945) was an Albanian politician, businessman and benefactor. He was one of the signatories of the Albanian Declaration of Independence as a representative of the Albanian community of Romania.
Life.
Dhimitër Mborja was born in Mborje, modern Korçë District (then part of the Ottoman Empire) in 1884. At the age of sixteen, with his father, Viskë and his brothers emigrated to Bucharest. Their house in Mborje was donated in order to house the Albanian-language school of the village. In 1908 he joined the "Dituria" association of Korçë. Mborja emigrated to Bucharest where his name appears as the owner of a "Carpati" club and the leader of the Albanian community there. On November 5, 1912, he was elected by the Albanian community of Bucharest to become a representative of the Albanians of Romania in the assembly of Vlorë, where he signed the Albanian Declaration of Independence as "D. Emanuel". 
On November 27, 1992 he was posthumously awarded the "Medal for Patriotic Activity" (), which was received by his descendants in Korçë.
See also.
Other delegates of the Albanian community of Romania:

</doc>
<doc id="19888109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888109" title="Dhimitër Beratti">
Dhimitër Beratti

Dhimitër Berati (1888 Korçë, Ottoman Empire - 1970 Rome, Italy) was an Albanian politician and journalist. One of the signatories of the Albanian Declaration of Independence Berati served as secretary of the Albanian delegation at the Paris Peace Conference in 1919.
Life.
Born in Korçë on 15 October 1888, he studied at the law and political science of the University of Bucharest. In 1905 he returned to his home town where he worked in the first Albanian school established there. In 1908 he was one of the founding members of the "Dituria" ("Knowledge") association of Korçë.

</doc>
<doc id="19888113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888113" title="Dhimitër Ilo">
Dhimitër Ilo

Dhimitër Ilo was an Albanian patriot from Korçë, back then Ottoman Empire. He was a delegate of Albanian community of Romania during the Albanian Declaration of Independence.

</doc>
<doc id="19888131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888131" title="Currie v Misa">
Currie v Misa

Currie v Misa (1875) LR 10 Ex 153; (1875-76) LR 1 App Cas 554, is an English contract law case, which in the Exchequer Chamber contains a famous statement by Lush J giving the definition of consideration in English law. Lush J said,
Facts.
A company named Lizardi & Co, then in good credit in the City, sold four bills of exchange to Mr Misa, drawn from a bank in Cadiz. Mr Currie was the owner of the banking firm and the plaintiff bringing the action. The bills of exchange were sold on the 11th of February, and by the custom of bill, brokers were to be paid for on the first foreign post-day following the day of the sale. That first day was the 14th of February Lizardi & Co. was much in debt to his banking firm, and being pressed to reduce his balance, gave to the banker a draft or order on Mr Misa for the amount of the four bills. This draft or order was dated on the 14th, though it was, in fact, written on the 13th, and then delivered to the banker. On the morning of the 14th the manager of Misa's business gave a cheque for the amount of the order, which was then given up to him. Lizardi failed, and on the afternoon of the 14th the manager, learning that fact, stopped payment of the cheque.
Judgment.
Exchequer Chamber.
Lush J, Archibald J, Quain J held that the banker was entitled to recover its amount from Mr Misa. Lord Coleridge CJ dissented.
House of Lords.
The House of Lords upheld the decision of the majority in the Exchequer Chamber. Lord Chelmsford gave the opinion, with which Lord Hatherley and Lord O'Hagan concurred.

</doc>
<doc id="19888133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888133" title="Virata Parva">
Virata Parva

Virata Parva, also known as the “Book of Virata”, is the fourth of eighteen books of the Indian Epic Mahabharata. Virata Parva has 4 sub-books and 72 chapters.
It discusses the 13th year of exile which the Pandavas must spend incognito to avoid another 12 years of exile in the forest. They do so in the court of Virata. They assume a variety of concealed identities. Yudhisthira assumes the identity of game entertainer to the king and calls himself Kanka, Bhima of a cook Ballava, Arjuna teaches dance and music as enuch Brihannala and dresses as a woman, Nakula tends horses as Granthika, Sahadeva herds cows as Tantipala, and Draupadi maids as Sairandhri to queen Shudeshna.
Structure and chapters.
This book has 4 sub-parvas (sub-books or little books) and 72 adhyayas (sections, chapters). The following are the sub-parvas:
English translations.
Several translations of the Sanskrit book Virata Parva in English are available. Two translations from 19th century, now in public domain, are those by Kisari Mohan Ganguli and Manmatha Nath Dutt. The translations vary with each translator's interpretations.
J. A. B. van Buitenen completed an annotated edition of Virata Parva, based on critically edited and least corrupted version of Mahabharata known in 1975. Debroy, in 2011, notes that updated critical edition of Virata Parva, with spurious and corrupted text removed, has 4 sub-books, 67 adhyayas (chapters) and 1,736 shlokas (verses). Debroy's translation of a critical edition of Virata Parva appears in Volume 4 of his series.
Clay Sanskrit Library has published a 15 volume set of the Mahabharata which includes a translation of Virata Parva by Kathleen Garbutt. This translation is modern and uses an old manuscript of the Epic. The translation does not remove verses and chapters now widely believed to be spurious and smuggled into the Epic in 1st or 2nd millennium AD.
Scholars such as E. Washburn Hopkins have suggested the entire Virata Parva may be a later insertion in the original epic Bharata, and of recent origins. His analysis is based on the different meter of the verses in Virata Parva, out of sequence matter, the sudden appearance of names of new goddesses (Durga) and their worship - names that do not appear in older verses of the Mahabharata or in other ancient texts of India, implied customs and social stratification that is absent or inconsistent in other books of the Mahabharata, as well as claims about the number of years Arjuna carried the bow before the battle in Go-grahana Parva - a claim that simply doesn't add up and is inconsistent with rest of the Mahabharata. Buitenen takes a different view. He accepts that Virata Parva is a book that was added in the second major expansion of the Hindu Epic, yet the concerns of Hopkins, while true, do not establish the entire Parva was added at much later date. These insertions can be recent interpolations, corruption of text, and careless scribing over the centuries. Buitenen reminds that Matsya kingdom and king Virata play a significant role in Udyoga Parva, the great war and later books - all of which, in the style of the Mahabharata, require chapters that introduce king Virata and Matsya kingdom. This introduction, we find in Virata Parva.
Quotations and teachings.
Pandava Pravesha Parva, Chapter 4:
Pandava Pravesha Parva, Chapter 14:
Kichaka-badha Parva, Chapter 21:
Go-harana Parva, Chapter 38:
See also.
Previous book of Mahabharata: Vana Parva
Next book of Mahabharata: Udyoga Parva

</doc>
<doc id="19888135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888135" title="Jack Cuthbert">
Jack Cuthbert

Jack Cuthbert (born 3 September 1987 in Bristol, England) is a rugby union player for Edinburgh in the RaboDirect Pro12. Formerly a player at Bath in the Aviva Premiership, he plays as a winger/fullback or outside centre, although has won most of his 1st class appearances at fullback. Whilst still a member of the Bath academy, he has shown himself to be a promising player, and is a strong and fearless tackler. He has also acted as a goal kicker on occasions.
Cuthbert made his international debut for Scotland coming off the bench for an injured Nikki Walker on 6 August 2011 against Ireland at Murrayfield

</doc>
<doc id="19888140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888140" title="Wharton Basin">
Wharton Basin

Wharton Basin is the marine area of the north east quarter of the Indian Ocean. It is named after William Wharton (1843-1905), Hydrographer of the Navy. Alternative names are Cocos Basin (after the Cocos Islands) and West Australian Basin.
It lies east of the Ninety East Ridge and west of Western Australia.
It is of interest in relation to Indian Ocean floor movement and adjacent fracture zones and the relationship between the Indian and Australian plates and is one of a number of features of the Indian Ocean that has been studied extensively 

</doc>
<doc id="19888149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888149" title="Levett Landon Boscawen Ibbetson">
Levett Landon Boscawen Ibbetson

Captain Levett Landon Boscawen Ibbetson (1799 - 8 September 1869) was an English 19th century geologist, inventor, organiser and soldier. He is particularly associated with early developments in photography, and was a Fellow of the Royal Society (elected 6 June 1850).
From his London home (46 Margaret Street, near Cavendish Square), Ibbetson corresponded with William Henry Fox Talbot in 1842, having spent some years trying to produce a lithograph from an original daguerrotype, writing "I have been going on with experiments in the Callotype & have had some very good results as to depth of Colour." Ten years later, in 1852, Ibbetson exhibited work produced using the Talbot calotype process, called "Le Premier Livre Imprimè par le Soleil", at a London Society of Arts exhibition. This book, originally published in 1840, was an album of contact prints of ferns, grasses and flowers and used "the independently invented process of Friedrich Gerber of Berne, published in January 1839, when Ibbetson was residing in Berne."
An enthusiastic geologist, one of Ibbetson's finds on the Isle of Wight, the fossilised remains of a "Hybodus", was sent to Sir Philip Malpas de Grey Egerton, and was discussed in the Proceedings of the Geological Society in 1845.
During the 1840s, Ibbetson was also engaged in various geological surveys associated with the expansion of the British railway system, during which work he corresponded with eminent geologist Henry Thomas De la Beche.
He wrote a book, with contributions from Edwin Lankester, published around 1852, entitled "Notes on the geology and chemical composition of the various strata in the Isle of Wight ... With a map in relief". With Professor Edward Forbes, he produced a description of the geology between Blackgang Chine and Atherfield Point, in the Isle of Wight, for the Geological Society.
In 1851, Levett Ibbetson helped manage the Great Exhibition. At this event, public toilets were relatively novel, and Ibbetson was given the task of writing an 'Official Report On The Waiting Rooms and Washing Places in the Exhibition Building' - during which he recorded "The largest receipt from the Waiting Rooms was on Wednesday, 8 October 1851 when 11,171 persons made use of them".
Ibbetson died at Biebrich in Prussia, where he had lived for several years. Some years earlier he presented a valuable collection of fossils to the Museum of Practical Geology in London.
Capt. Levett Landon Boscawen Ibbetson was the father of Major Henry Levett Boscawen Ibbetson of the 77th (East Middlesex) Regiment of Foot of the British Army. Capt. Levett Landon Boscawen Ibbetson was the son of Sophy and Major Levett Ibbetson, a native of Bushey, Hertfordshire, where his father the Right Rev. Dr. James Ibbetson, D.D. Major Levett, his son, was a soldier in the 28th (North Gloucestershire) Regiment of Foot of the British Army. Major Levett Ibbetson lived at West Teignmouth, Devon, England.

</doc>
<doc id="19888154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888154" title="Baz's Culture Clash">
Baz's Culture Clash

"Baz's Culture Clash" is a six-part Irish television series. The presenter, Bazil Ashmawy, of half Egyptian parentage, spoke of this as his next television project on "The Podge and Rodge Show" on 21 October 2008 as he was filming the series. It is his first solo television show, having previously starred in "How Low Can You Go?" with Michael Hayes and Mark O'Neill. He had begun filming in September 2008 and finished the following April. He travelled the world to film the show. It was aired on RTÉ Television during September and October 2009. It was initially expected to be aired in March 2009. Paili Meek produced and Barry Egan directed. The series commenced broadcasting on 14 September 2009. A second series is on the way.
Ashmawy visits a coven of witches in Kells, County Meath during one episode and undergoes hypnosis there to allow him to meet his Egyptian ancestors. He also visits a haunted house with a group called "Leinster Paranormal". He also teams up with a group of ghostbusters to visit the haunted Carlow Shopping Centre where a little girl and some former prisoners from the old county gaol are among the ghosts which are said to haunt the building. The episode in the shopping centre was filmed at night and in one incident a member of Ashmawy's film crew collapses without explanation when his body is invaded. In another episode Ashmawy meets a man who diets on roadkill, including badgers and cats. 
Reception.
The series was poorly received by the Irish media.
"Irish Independent" critic John Boland said the first episode "gives a new meaning to the notion of meaninglessness", questioning the purpose of a show where Ashmawy "grinned and grimaced his way through southern California in an unserious search of alternative therapies". Hilary Fannin of "The Irish Times" said a later episode "investigated (well, that might be too strong a word for it – let’s say glossed over) the world of the paranormal". Paul Whitington in the "Irish Independent" described the topics covered in the series as "new-age nonsense".

</doc>
<doc id="19888160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888160" title="Canoeing at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Women's K-1 500 metres">
Canoeing at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Women's K-1 500 metres

The women's K-1 500 metres event was an individual kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1996 Summer Olympics program.
Results.
Heats.
23 competitors entered in three heats. The top three finishers in each heat advanced to the semifinals while the rest competed in the repechages.
Repechages.
Two repechages were held. The top four finishers in each repechage and the fastest fifth-place finisher advanced to the semifinals.
Lehrer did not participate in the repechage.
Semifinals.
Two semifinals were held. The top four finishers in each semifinal and the fastest fifth-place finisher advanced to the final.
Final.
The final was held on August 4. 
Three of the finalists (Borchert, Fischer, and Idem) were German-born, but Idem competed for Italy following the 1988 Summer Olympics while Borchert competed for Australia after the 1992 Summer Olympics. Pastuszka was the only finalist under 27 years of age. Kőbán overtook Brunet in the final 50 meters of the event to take the gold medal.

</doc>
<doc id="19888164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888164" title="Jesús María Municipality">
Jesús María Municipality

Jesús María is a municipality in the Mexican state of Aguascalientes. It stands at .
The municipality reported 99,590 inhabitants in the 2010 census. Its municipal seat, Jesús María, Aguascalientes, (population 38,631, the second-largest city in the state) is located so close to the state capital city of Aguascalientes, Aguascalientes, that it has been swallowed by it, rendering it part of the Aguascalientes metropolitan area, with the function of a suburban area. The municipality has an area of 499.18 km² (192.73 sq mi).

</doc>
<doc id="19888190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888190" title="Rideout Memorial Hospital">
Rideout Memorial Hospital

Rideout Memorial Hospital, more commonly referred to "Rideout" by area residents and perhaps as RMH by employees. Rideout is located in Marysville, California, approximately 40 minutes north of Sacramento. It is a member of the non-profit Rideout Health (RH). It is the only hospital in the Yuba-Sutter Area with an emergency room, which is a Level III trauma center and STEMI-receiving center.
In December 2007, RMH celebrated its 100th anniversary in service of the community. The Rideout Health Foundation threw a Gala Event at the RMH campus which hosted a variety of booths showcasing medical history from RMH from the past 100 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19888208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888208" title="Josh Ovens">
Josh Ovens

Josh Ovens (born 11 July 1989 in Trowbridge, Wiltshire, England) is a rugby union player for Bath in the Aviva Premiership. He plays as a back-row. He enjoyed a spell on loan to Bristol in the Aviva Championship, but has signed a deal with Bath since then.
Education.
Ovens was educated at the Prep School of Monkton Combe School, a boarding independent school for pupils up to the age of 13 in Combe Down, a village suburb of the city of Bath in Somerset in South West England, followed by Milton Abbey School, a boarding independent school in the village of Milton Abbas, near the market town of Blandford Forum in Dorset (also in South West England). 
Family.
Ovens' first cousin is Lawrence Ovens.

</doc>
<doc id="19888212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888212" title="Maidens, Virginia">
Maidens, Virginia

Maidens (or Maiden's Adventure) is a small unincorporated community in Goochland County, Virginia, United States. Sited on the north side of the James River, it is currently located on Maidens Rd. just south of the intersection of State Route 6.
History.
Maiden's Adventure was located along the James River and Kanawha Canal which opened in 1840. The new canal was part of a planned link between the Chesapeake Bay and the Atlantic Ocean via the James River and the Kanawha River, which would lead to the Ohio River, the Mississippi River, and the Gulf of Mexico. The canal was used by packet and freight boats which replaced the earlier shallow-draft batteau boats used before the canal for commerce. These boats brought goods and passengers to and from Richmond and points beyond. 
Long a dream of early Virginians such as George Washington, who was a surveyor early in his career, the canal was never completed as envisioned, as the American Civil War (1861-1865) interrupted construction above Lynchburg and by then, railroads were becoming more numerous and popular.
After many years of attempts to compete successfully with the ever-expanding network of railroads, the James River and Kanawha Canal was conveyed to a new railroad company by a deed dated March 4, 1880. Railroad construction workers promptly started laying tracks on the towpath. The new Richmond and Allegheny Railroad offered a water-level route from the Appalachian Mountains just east of West Virginia near Jackson's River Station (now Clifton Forge) through the Blue Ridge Mountains at Balcony Falls to Richmond. In 1888 the railroad was leased, and later purchased, by Collis P. Huntington's Chesapeake and Ohio Railway (C&0), which named the local station "Maidens". 
In 1969, the C&O station at Maidens was badly damaged and the highway bridge across the river destroyed by the flooding in the aftermath of Hurricane Camille.
The Mount Bernard Complex and Tanglewood are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.

</doc>
<doc id="19888213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888213" title="2001 Intercontinental Cup">
2001 Intercontinental Cup

The 2001 Intercontinental Cup was a football match played on 27 November 2001 between Bayern Munich, winners of the 2000–01 UEFA Champions League, and defending champions Boca Juniors, winners of the 2001 Copa Libertadores. The match was played at the neutral venue of the National Stadium in Tokyo in front of 51,360 fans. Samuel Kuffour was named as man of the match.

</doc>
<doc id="19888217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888217" title="Benjamin Levinsky">
Benjamin Levinsky

Benjamin Levinsky (1893-December 5, 1922) was an American gang leader, labor racketeer and organized crime figure. Spending almost twenty years in and out of reformatories and prisons, Levinsky had a lengthy criminal record prior to the start of Prohibition. He was first arrested in 1902 for incorrigibility and sent to a reformatory asylum. He was caught pickpocketing five years later and was imprisoned on a variety of charges over the next decade including petty theft, grand larceny, felonious assault and vagrancy. He become involved in labor racketeering in Manhattan's Lower East Side and, prior to the third "Labor Slugger War", Levinsky reportedly became ""a thorn in the side of clothing contractors"". Due to his unionizing activities, he apparently became the target of assassination by certain business interests. Other sources claim he headed a gang of gunmen and thieves which began muscling in on the territory of other "labor sluggers", particularly that of newsboy and labor racketeer William Lipshitz.
On the morning of December 5, 1922, Levinsky was shot and killed by Lipshitz while entering a Broadway loft building where he was employed as a cutter for the Levinson Brothers. He had driven to work in a taxi with Benjamin Massauer, an ex-convict who had spent the night at his home, and who had told the driver to stop the cab when two shots were heard shortly after Levinsky entered the building. As a crowd gathered in front of the building, Lipshitz ran out from the doorway and into a patrolman who had arrived at the scene. When questioned, he denied any knowledge of the shooting and claimed to have been buying a suit when the murder took place. 
Both Lipshitz and Massauer were taken to the Mercer Street police station where they were further questioned by police. Lipshitz maintained he had no involvement in Levinsky's murder but was caught lying when he claimed to have no criminal record. He had been using the alias William Levine but admitted to being William Lipshitz when confronted with his photo in the precinct's "Rogue's Gallery". A witness also claimed to have seen he and Levinsky fighting in the doorway when the shooting occurred. Lipshitz was eventually charged with Levinsky's death while Massauer was held as a material witness until paroled in the custody of lawyer Hyman Bushel who had been hired by Levinsky's family. Although police suspected his murder had been committed by a personal enemy, Bushel later issued a statement from the family claiming that Levinsky had been murdered as the result of a murder contract by businessmen.

</doc>
<doc id="19888231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888231" title="Arif Ali-Shah">
Arif Ali-Shah

Arif Ali-Shah (Dari/Urdu: عارف علی شاہ, Hindi: आरिफ़ अली शाह) is an award-winning British film writer and screenplay writer. Following in his distinguished family's footsteps, he is also a teacher in the Naqshbandi Sufi mystical tradition.
Life and work.
Of Afghan Indian origin, Sayyid Hashim Arif Ali-Shah studied and received a degree in Literature at the University of Exeter in England.
Ali-Shah is credited as the writer and screenplay writer of the award-winning film "Bye Bye Blackbird" (2005), an early 20th-century period drama directed by Robinson Savary and starring Sir Derek Jacobi. In the film, a man lives out his dreams by learning to fly on the trapeze. In the end he is unable to continue living on the ground.
The film won the FIPRESCI Prize at the 2005 Taormina International Film Festival and was nominated for the Tokyo Grand Prix at the 2005 Tokyo International Film Festival. The director Robinson Savary previously won a Gold Plaque for Best Experimental Short Film, "À suivre" (1988), at the 1988 Chicago International Film Festival.
Ali-Shah is also credited as writer of the animated film "Papelucho y el Marciano" (2007), directed by the Chilean Alejandro Rojas Téllez.
He has worked with film-makers Sir Derek Jacobi, Jodhi May, James Thierree, Niklas Ek, Izabella Miko, Michael Lonsdale and Andrej Acin.
Sufi lineage.
Arif Ali-Shah comes from a family line of Afghan nobles and teachers in the Sufi mystical tradition. His father Sayyid Omar Ali-Shah Naqshbandi (1922–2005) and his uncle Sayyid Idries Shah (1924–1996) were both prominent writers and teachers of modern Sufism. Arif Ali-Shah has guided study groups led by Professor Emeritus Leonard Lewin of CU Boulder, as did his father and uncle.
Arif Ali-Shah is the grandson of the Sirdar Ikbal Ali Shah (1894–1969), an Afghan author, poet, diplomat, scholar, and savant. His great-great-great grandfather was the Afghan warlord, noble and Sufi teacher, the Nawab Jan-Fishan Khan (d. 1864) who significantly assisted the British in the First Anglo-Afghan War and the subsequent Indian Rebellion of 1857.

</doc>
<doc id="19888287" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888287" title="Where the Action Is Tour">
Where the Action Is Tour

Where the Action Is (WTAI) was a tour featuring Swedish rock bands that toured throughout Sweden between 2004 and 2006 with several high profiled Swedish bands and artists such as "The Hellacopters", "The Hives", "The Ark", "Moneybrother" and many others. In 2007 the tour took a hiatus and then came back in 2008 as a one day festival in Stora Skuggan, Stockholm. The name is taken from a song from "The Hellacopters" second album "Payin' the Dues".
Tour dates and lineups.
2004 tour.
Played in Gothenburg (8/21) and Stockholm (8/25).
2005 tour.
Played in Gothenburg (8/3), Malmö (8/5), Linköping (8/12), Karlskrona (8/13) and Stockholm (8/27).
2006 tour.
Played in Strömstad (7/27), Linköping (7/28), Örebro (7/30), Malmö (8/3), Gothenburg (8/5), Söderbärke(8/8) and Stockholm (8/9).
Asta Kask only played in Stockholm, C.AARMÉ only played in Gothenburg, The Hives only played in Stockholm and Söderbärke and The Soundtrack of Our Lives played Strömstad, Huskvarna, Linköping and Örebro.
2008 festival.
Returned as a one day festival in Stockholm (7/14) after a one year hiatus.
2009 festival.
Scheduled for 7/12 - 7/13, WTAI will again be at Stora Skuggan

</doc>
<doc id="19888295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888295" title="Angove River">
Angove River

Angove River or Angove Creek is a river located in the Great Southern region of Western Australia most of the river is found within Two Peoples Bay Nature Reserve. 
The stream was discovered in 1898 by surveyor William Angove and was named in 1913 after its discoverer by another surveyor BW Ridley.
The water is of excellent quality and is considered as fresh, potable water. Only 5% of the catchment area has been cleared mostly in the very upper reaches and around the lake. 
The catchment area is one of the few areas of Albany Blackbutt Woodland left in Australia and is considered to be an important biological link between Two Peoples Bay and Mount Manypeaks.
The river is used to supply water to the town of Albany which is located West of the river. A total of of water is taken from the river every year.
Fish ladders have been installed in the river in an effort to minimise disruption to fish migration patterns.

</doc>
<doc id="19888303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888303" title="Kristian Vilhelm Koren Schjelderup, Jr.">
Kristian Vilhelm Koren Schjelderup, Jr.

Kristian Vilhelm Koren Schjelderup (18941980) was a Norwegian Lutheran theologian, author, and bishop of the Diocese of Hamar in the Church of Norway from 1947 to 1964. He was noted as a controversial, liberal theologian.
Personal life.
He was born in Dybvåg as the son of bishop Kristian Vilhelm Koren Schjelderup and Henriette Nicoline Hassel. He had several brothers and sisters. His younger brother Harald Krabbe Schjelderup became a professor of psychology.
Career.
Kristian Schjelderup moved with his family to Kristiansand in 1903, where his father was appointed bishop in 1908. He graduated as Cand.theol. in 1918, and earned the Dr.theol. degree in 1923. He worked as a research fellow from 1921 to 1927; during this time, seeking to reconcile belief and knowledge in the modern world and inspired by Rudolf Otto, who he had come to know during a semester at the University of Marburg, he travelled to the Far East to study Hinduism and Buddhism. He also studied psychoanalysis with Oskar Pfister in Zürich and translated works by Sigmund Freud. In 1932 he and his brother Harald jointly published "Über drei Haupttypen der religiösen Erlebnisformen und ihre psychologische Grundlage" (On Three Major Types of the Form of the Religious Experience and their Psychological Bases). He published multiple articles, including a series on the historical origins of Christianity, later published in book form as "Hvem Jesus var og hvad kirken har gjørt ham til" (Who Jesus was and what the Church made of him) which criticised liberal theology for indecisiveness and aroused serious disagreements in the theology department of the university.
In 1928, Schjelderup applied for a position as vicar in the parish of Værøy and Røst, but although he was the only applicant, the Minister of Church Affairs, Sigvald Mathias Hasund, did not appoint him. However, a few years later he obtained a position at a research institute in Bergen, Christian Michelsens Institutt for Videnskap og Åndsfrihet.
Schjelderup founded the "Landslaget for frilyndt kristendom" (League for Free-Thinking Christianity), which was dissolved in 1933. In 1938, together with Anders Platou Wyller and Anna Henriette, he founded a humanistic academy, the Nansen Academy in Lillehammer; he headed it until it was closed down in 1941. (It reopened after the war and still exists.)
Through the "Landslaget for frilyndt kristendom" and its journal, "Fritt ord" (Free Word), Schjelderup came in contact with Jakob Wilhelm Hauer, founder of the German Faith Movement. Initially he regarded Hauer and his group as kindred spirits, which caused him to be criticised in 1935 as an "unwilling apostle of Fascism. But in a book published in 1935, "På vei mot hedenskapet" (On the Way to Paganism), he criticised the Nazi German politics of nationalism, militarism, racism and anti-Semitism which coloured the German Faith Movement, and in 1936, after a coup toppled Hauer from its leadership, he decided, and stated as much in a newspaper article, that the political wing had gained the upper hand and it had ceased to be a religious movement. From then on he gave his support only to the clergy resisting the Nazis.
Schjelderup was imprisoned in Grini concentration camp by the Nazi occupiers of Norway in 1942. Shortly after the war he was ordained, worked one year as a chaplain in Oslo, and was appointed by King Haakon VII of Norway and the Gerhardsen Cabinet as Bishop of Hamar in 1947.
In 1953–1954, he took part in the notorious public debate on the existence of Hell, where he strongly criticized a radio-transmitted speech by Professor of Theology Ole Hallesby, in which Hallesby had warned the population that they might go to Hell. Schjelderup was accused of deviating from the faith of the Church of Norway, but was acquitted by the Ministry of Church and Education.
Schjelderup ordained the first female priest in the Church of Norway, Ingrid Bjerkås, in 1961.
He retired as bishop in 1964. He was made a Commander of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav in January the same year.

</doc>
<doc id="19888324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888324" title="Hot Boyz">
Hot Boyz

Hot Boyz may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19888334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888334" title="Murder and Magic">
Murder and Magic

Murder and Magic is a collection of short stories by Randall Garrett featuring his alternate history detective Lord Darcy. It was first published in paperback in 1979 by Ace Books, and has been reprinted a number of times since. It was later gathered together with "Too Many Magicians" (1967) and "Lord Darcy Investigates" (1981) into the omnibus collection "Lord Darcy" (1983, expanded 2002).
The book collects four Lord Darcy short stories originally published in the magazine "Analog Science Fact & Fiction" in January 1964, November 1964, and June 1965, and the Dean W. Dickensheet edited anthology "Men & Malice", (Doubleday, 1973).
The Lord Darcy stories are set in an alternate world whose history supposedly diverged from our own during the reign of King Richard the Lionheart, in which King John never reigned and most of western Europe and the Americas are united in an Angevin Empire whose continental possessions were never lost by that king. In this world a magic-based technology has developed in place of the science of our own world.

</doc>
<doc id="19888343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888343" title="Parkway High School">
Parkway High School

Parkway High School may refer to:
Schools with similar names include:

</doc>
<doc id="19888348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888348" title="Rincón de Romos Municipality">
Rincón de Romos Municipality

Rincón de Romos is a municipality in the Mexican state of Aguascalientes. It is located at in the northern part of the state. The municipal seat is the city of Rincón de Romos (2005 census population of 25,815 inhabitants)
The municipality has an area of 376.77 km², and a population of 49,156.

</doc>
<doc id="19888383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888383" title="Peacock and Son">
Peacock and Son

Peacock & Son was a tanning and wool-brokering business in the early days of South Australia. Three members of the family were notable public figures: William Peacock (ca.1790 – 20 January 1874) was a successful businessman and one of the colony's first parliamentarians. His eldest son Joseph Peacock (ca.1825 – 25 July 1867) carried on the family business and was a member of parliament. His youngest son Caleb Peacock (13 April 1841 – 17 February 1896) was a member of parliament and Mayor of Adelaide from 1875 to 1877, the first such born in the Colony.
William and family sailed for South Australia on the "Glenalvon", a ship he chartered, arriving at Holdfast Bay on 28 December 1838.
William Peacock.
William commenced his tannery business in Grenfell Street in 1839, with a fellmongering facility at Adam Street, Hindmarsh. He had moved by 1868 to Thebarton
His was the first major tannery, ahead of both Dench & Co. and G. W. Bean, and the first to export acacia bark. The Adam Street property was sold in July 1903 to fellmongers Michell and Sons. 
He was one of the original investors in the South Australian Mining Association, which developed the lucrative Burra copper mines between 1845 and 1865, and a director (disqualified in 1860 through absence greater than 6 months but subsequently re-elected)
Religion and Education.
He was associated with the Congregational Church in Freeman Street (now part of Gawler Place), funded the building of the chapel in Ebenezer Place (off Rundle Street east). He then helped organise the building of the Congregational Church in Hindmarsh Square, which later became an office and orchestral studio for ABC Radio. He was closely associated with J. L. Young and his Adelaide Educational Institution, which for many years used rooms at the Ebenezer Place and Freeman Street chapels.
Politics.
He served on the Adelaide City Council as Councillor and Alderman from 1842
He won the seat of Noarlunga in the South Australian Legislative Council (then the only House) against Major O'Halloran in 1851 which he held to 1856. He won a Legislative Council seat in 1861, which he held until 1869 when he retired, a few days before parliament was prorogued.
Family.
William Peacock married Elizabeth Everett, daughter of Joseph, another Bermondsey fellmonger, in 1816. He was widowed between 1834 and 1836 and remarried in 1836. His new wife was Maria Groch who accompanied him on the "Glenalvon" with their infant son William. The older children in the party were from his first marriage to Elizabeth.
His children with Maria (ca.1802 – 13 February 1869) were:
Their home for many years was "Palm House" in Hackney on what was known as "Peacock Hill", now St. Peter's College. He married Mary Ann Evans on 15 June 1871. She was to marry Carrington Smedley on 4 March 1875.
Joseph Peacock.
Joseph Peacock (ca.1825 – 25 July 1867) lived at Glenelg and was M.P. for Sturt from 1860 until his death. He worked as co-manager of Peacock and Son in Grenfell Street, was a trustee of the South Australian Mining Company and a director of the National Bank.
He married Harriet Hope Gooch (ca.1832 – 27 August 1854) around 1850. They had two daughters who never survived childhood. He married again, to Maria Houghton (ca.1828 – 18 June 1901). A daughter, Kate Marian Lilian Peacock, married Dr. Harry Swift. Maria Peacock died at her residence "Newland House", 80 Brougham Place, North Adelaide. "Newland House" was later purchased by Caleb Peacock, and is now owned by the South Australian branch of the Australian Medical Association.
Caleb Peacock.
Caleb Peacock, born in Adelaide on 13 April 1841, was educated at Adelaide Educational Institution, one of J. L. Young's two first students.
He was for some time manager of the tannery.
He was associated with Beeby and Dunstan, millers and was an agent in Blanchetown.
He died at his home "Keston" on Barton Terrace, North Adelaide, from heat apoplexy (heat stroke), on 17 February 1896.
Personal.
In 1885 he was elected President of the Adelaide Rowing Club, a position he held until his death.

</doc>
<doc id="19888404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888404" title="Jubilee USA">
Jubilee USA

Jubilee USA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19888417" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888417" title="Plunk Lake, Texas">
Plunk Lake, Texas

Plunk Lake is a reservoir in Van Zandt County and Smith County, Texas, United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19888440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888440" title="Matt Whisenant">
Matt Whisenant

Matthew Michael Whisenant (born June 8, 1971) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. He was drafted by the Philadelphia Phillies in 1990 and spent the 1992 season with the Phillies' Class A affiliate in Spartanburg, South Carolina. He was traded to the Florida Marlins for Danny Jackson in November 1992. He spent the next five seasons in the Marlins' minor league system before making his debut against the New York Mets. On July 29, 1997, he was traded to the Kansas City Royals for Matt Treanor. He was then released by the Royals in August 1999 and signed as a free agent by the San Diego Padres later that month. At the end of the 2000 season, he became a free agent and signed with the Los Angeles Dodgers on December 14 of that year. He played for the Dodgers' Class AAA team in Las Vegas in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19888461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888461" title="Tondi Elektroonika">
Tondi Elektroonika

Tondi Elektroonika, formerly known as Tallinna Pooljuhttakistite Tehas ("Tallinn Semiconductor Resistor Factory"), Hans Pöögelmanni nimeline Tallinna Raadiotehnika Tehas ("Tallinn Radiotechnical Factory named after Hans Pöögelmann") and Hans Pöögelmanni nimeline Elektrotehnika Tehas ("Hans Pöögelmann Electrotechnical Factory"), as well as "Factory number A-1381" was a factory of electrotechnical components located in Tallinn, Estonia. It was a significant component of the Soviet Military-industrial complex.
Production.
Components.
The factory has manufactured photoresistors, varistors, transistors, thyristors and microchips.
From 1959 to 1978, the factory manufactured temperature-sensitive photoresistors 04-AN (in Cyrillic: "04-АН") for use in Soviet military rocket guidance systems. This brought the factory under the official military-industrial complex umbrella, and the factory was assigned a number — A-1381 — and the location reference was removed from the factory's name.
Consumer products.
The factory has manufactured consumer-grade battery systems, electric fence systems, car engine diagnostics devices and even souvenir radio sets. Since 1979, an important — and by 2008, the main — line of production has been hearing aids, peaking in 1989 at 176 500 units manufactured.
Recreational activities.
The mixed choir Helitron was initially set up to cater to employees of Tondi Elektroonika.
Current status.
Currently, AS Tondi Elektroonika manufactures mainly hearing aids.

</doc>
<doc id="19888484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888484" title="All-Ireland Junior Club Camogie Championship">
All-Ireland Junior Club Camogie Championship

The All-Ireland Junior Club Camogie Championship is a camogie competition between clubs at the junior level. The winners are awarded the Phil McBride Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19888498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888498" title="Rakesh Patel">
Rakesh Patel

Rakesh Bhanuprasad Patel (born 23 October 1978 in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India), is an Indian cricketer who currently plays for the Ahmedabad Rockets in the Indian Cricket League.
Patel, primarily a right-arm fast-medium bowler, played 66 first-class matches for Gujarat and Baroda before signing for the ICL, where he first played for the Mumbai Champs before moving to the newly formed Rockets team.
He scored six half-centuries at first-class level and took 234 wickets.

</doc>
<doc id="19888504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888504" title="Lord Darcy Investigates">
Lord Darcy Investigates

Lord Darcy Investigates is a collection of short stories by Randall Garrett featuring his alternate history detective Lord Darcy. It was first published in paperback in 1981 by Ace Books, and has been reprinted a number of times since. It was later gathered together with "Murder and Magic" (1979) and "Too Many Magicians" into the omnibus collection "Lord Darcy" (1983, expanded 2002).
The book collects four Lord Darcy short stories originally published in the magazines "Analog Science Fact & Fiction" in October 1974 and December 1976, and June 1965, "Fantastic" in May 1976, "Isaac Asimov's Science Fiction Magazine" in April 1979.
The Lord Darcy stories are set in an alternate world whose history supposedly diverged from our own during the reign of King Richard the Lionheart, in which King John never reigned and most of western Europe and the Americas are united in an Angevin Empire whose continental possessions were never lost by that king. In this world a magic-based technology has developed in place of the science of our own world.

</doc>
<doc id="19888518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888518" title="Indian Key, Florida">
Indian Key, Florida

Indian Key was an unincorporated community in Monroe County and, for a while, Dade County, Florida, United States. It was located in the upper Florida Keys on the island of Indian Key. It is currently a ghost town.
Early history.
Some of the survivors of the 19 ships of the 1733 Spanish treasure fleet wrecked on the nearby Florida Reef by a hurricane camped on Indian Key until they were rescued. Beginning in the 18th century, Bahamians and Cubans used Indian Key as a base for fishing, turtling, logging and wrecking. Crews might stay on the island for months at a time, but there were no permanent settlers.
Settlement and growth.
In 1821, Florida was transferred from Spain to the United States, and in 1824, two Key West men, Joshua Appleby and a man named Snyder, sent an employee, Silas Fletcher, to open a store on Indian Key. The store was to serve wreckers, settlers and Indians in the upper Keys, and a settlement of primarily Bahamian wreckers and turtlers grew up on the island. By 1829, the settlement was large enough to include a dozen women.
Jacob Housman (or Houseman), a wrecker who had a reputation of operating in a "high-handed and often illegal manner," was at odds with the established wreckers in Key West. He moved to Indian Key in 1830 and began buying property on the island, and soon became the leader of the community and its chief landlord. He made numerous improvements to the island, spending close to $40,000 on it in four years. His store, the only one on the island, grossed $30,000 a year. As a result of lobbying by Housman, Indian Key acquired an Inspector of Customs in 1832 and a post office in 1834. In 1836 Houseman persuaded the Territorial Legislative Council to split Dade County off from Monroe County, with the upper and middle Keys in the new county and Indian Key as the temporary county seat. Housman also campaigned to have Indian Key made a port of entry, so that salvage from wrecks could be landed there, rather than in Key West, but without success.
The Second Seminole War began late in 1835. After the New River Massacre in early 1836, most of the Keys were abandoned, except for Key West, Key Vaca and Indian Key. Despite fears of attack and sightings of Indians in the area, the inhabitants of Indian Key stayed to protect their property, and to be close to any wrecks in the upper Keys. The islanders had six cannons and their own small militia company for their defense. (The militia company initially included six slaves; by August 1836 half of the twenty-man company were blacks.) The revenue cutter "Dexter" was based at Indian Key for part of 1838, and after it was withdrawn ships of the Navy Florida Squadron called at Indian Key and established a supply depot there. In 1840 the Navy supply depot was moved to nearby Tea Table Key.
Indian raid.
Early in the morning of August 7, 1840, a large party of Indians sneaked onto Indian Key. By chance, one man was up and raised the alarm after spotting the Indians. Most of the people living on the island were able to escape, but several were killed. The dead included Dr. Henry Perrine, former United States Consul in Campeche, Mexico, who was waiting at Indian Key until it was safe to take up a grant on the mainland that Congress had awarded to him.
The naval base on Tea Table Key had been stripped of personnel for an operation on the southwest coast of the mainland, leaving only the doctor, his patients, and five sailors under a midshipman to look after them. This small contingent mounted a couple of cannons on barges and tried to attack the Indians on Indian Key. The Indians fired back at the sailors with musket balls loaded in one of the cannons on shore. The recoil of the cannons on the barges broke them loose, sending them into the water, and the sailors had to retreat. The Indians burned the buildings on Indian Key after thoroughly looting it. Abandoned by almost all of its civilian population, Indian Key was taken over by the Navy for the duration of the Second Seminole War.
Decline.
Indian Key continued to be occupied for a while after the Second Seminole War ended in 1842. The county seat for Dade County was moved to Miami in 1844 and the upper Keys, including Indian Key, were returned to Monroe County. The 1850 Census found a few families living there, while only two families were left on the island in 1860. In 1856, during the Third Seminole War, the U.S. Army stationed a few men on the island to protect the two remaining families from possible attack by Seminoles. The Keys lost most of their population again during the Civil War, but William Bethel, a wrecker, continued to live on the island from the 1850s until sometime after 1880.

</doc>
<doc id="19888561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888561" title="John J. Taylor (politician)">
John J. Taylor (politician)

John J. Taylor is a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from the 177th Legislative District of Pennsylvania, USA, since 1984. He is Republican Chairman of the House Liquor Control Committee and a member of the House Urban Affairs Committee. John is the chairman of the republican city committee.
Career.
Taylor was first elected in 1984 at the age of 29, defeating incumbent Rep. Gerald McMonagle to represent the Kensington section of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He has been re-elected to every succeeding session of the House.
Taylor is currently of counsel to the Philadelphia law firm of Pelino & Lentz P.C. Taylor is Ward Leader of the 25th Ward Republican Executive Committee in Philadelphia.
Personal.
Taylor is a 1980 graduate of the University of Central Florida in 1980 and earned his juris doctor at Temple University School of Law in 1984.
He resides in the Northwood section of Philadelphia with his wife, Evelyn. They have four children, two sons and two daughters.

</doc>
<doc id="19888583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888583" title="Bookshelf speaker">
Bookshelf speaker

A bookshelf loudspeaker (or bookshelf speaker) is a compact loudspeaker, generally sold for consumer-grade home audio applications as part of a shelf stereo pair or home theater package, that is compact in size and intended to be placed on a raised surface, e.g. a bookshelf.
History.
At one time, high quality home loudspeakers were exclusively large and floor-standing, whereas small speakers had an exclusive reputation of low price and low audio quality. However, beginning in the 1960s, some manufacturers began making more expensive, compact high fidelity speakers. Edgar Villchur, who along with partner Henry Kloss founded Acoustic Research, is generally credited with inventing bookshelf speakers. His key innovation was an acoustic suspension design, by which the woofer and other drivers were in separately enclosed chambers that could be made stiff and much smaller than the earlier ported designs. Advent, now defunct, was another early manufacturer.
Certain market and technical issues have contributed to the widespread adoption of bookshelf speakers in the 1990s and beyond. Technical improvements and less expensive mass-production technologies have made high-quality bookshelf speakers affordable for most audio enthusiasts. Rapid improvements in amplifiers, digital signal processors and other components has improved the sound quality of low to mid-level home audio systems, which creates a stronger need for adequate speakers. Home theater systems are increasingly popular, and their multi-channel audio requires five or more speakers rather than the two speakers of earlier stereo systems. For cost and practical reasons the most common setup is satellite speakers, typically bookshelf speakers for the side, back, and sometimes the front and center channels, rather than larger speakers for each channel. Finally, most home theater and many musical home audio applications, began in the late 1990s to incorporate separately-enclosed subwoofers to handle deep bass. Human perception of low-frequency sound is relatively non-directional, so a single subwoofer is usually sufficient and may be placed anywhere. This frees up the other speakers to omit the lower end of the frequency spectrum. Without the relatively heavy, bulky, and expensive low bass drivers, the speakers can be made smaller.

</doc>
<doc id="19888587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888587" title="Count of Portalegre">
Count of Portalegre

Count of Portalegre (in Portuguese "Conde de Portalegre") was a Portuguese title of nobility created by royal decree dated from February 6, 1498, by King Manuel I of Portugal, and granted to Diogo da Silva.
"Dom" Diogo da Silva was son of Rui Gomes da Silva, "Alcaide" (Mayor) of Campo Maior, and of his wife Isabel de Menezes (natural daughter of Pedro de Menezes, 1st Count of Vila Real).
The 3rd Cound of Portalegre, Álvaro da Silva, was succeeded by his granddaughter, Filipa da Silva, thanks to a special royal permission allowing to overcome the "Lei Mental" (Mental Law) which stands that females could not inherited their father's titles and estates.
Filipa married the Spanish ambassador, Juan de Silva, Count of Salinas (in Spain), very influential during the reign of Sebastian I of Portugal. Together with the King, he participated in the Battle of Alcacer Quibir, where he felt prisoner of the moors. During the transition reign of Henry I of Portugal, he did a remarkable job supporting Philip II of Spain claims to the throne of Portugal.
The Habsburgs rewarded this House's fidelity with new honors and titles (Marquis of Gouveia, granted by a royal decree of King Philip III of Portugal, also known as Philip IV of Spain, dated from January 20, 1625).
When the 2nd Marquis of Gouveia died without issue, this House was inherited by the Count of Santa Cruz.

</doc>
<doc id="19888600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888600" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 65">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 65

The 65th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is made of parts of McKean County and all of Forest County and Warren County. The district includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="19888619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888619" title="Charles Sederman">
Charles Sederman

Charles Victor Sederman (9 January 1881 – 9 September 1952) was a British gymnast who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Nailsea and died in Cardiff.
A member of the Welsh national gymnastic team from 1906 until 1909, he also played rugby for Penarth and was a founder and secretary of the Welsh Amateur Boxing Association. He was a boxing judge at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London.

</doc>
<doc id="19888633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888633" title="Kona Prabhakara Rao">
Kona Prabhakara Rao

Kona Prabhakara Rao (1916–1990) was born on 10 July 1916 in Bapatla, Andhra Pradesh. He was a member of the Indian National Congress and the Former Governor of Maharashtra. He died on October 20, 1990, at National Institute of Medical Sciences, Hyderabad due to cardio-respiratory failure
He did most of his schooling in his native place Bapatla, and then graduated from the Loyola College, Madras and completed his law degree from the I.L.S. Law College, Pune.
At the age of 16, Rao conducted boycott of schools when late Motilal Nehru died. He was a social and political worker and took active part in the Salt Satyagraha movement and Quit India Movement of 1942. In Bapatla he organised a youth league and propagated using of Khadi.
Portfolio.
Kona Prabhakar Rao born into a wealthy Telugu Niyogi Brahmin family in Bapatla, received his higher education in Madras. He started practice as an Advocate in Bapatla in the composite Madras State in 1940. He was elected to the Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly for the first time in 1967 and later in 1972 and 1978. He was Speaker of the Assembly during 1980-81. He was President of the APCC(I). He was also Minister of Finance and Planning during the Chief Ministership of Bhavana Venkatram and Vijaya Bhaskara Reddi.
Rao was appointed as Governor of the union territory of Pondicherry on 2 September 1983 and he continued in that post until June 1984. On 17 June 1984 he assumed the office of the Governor of Sikkim, and then succeeded Air Chief Marshal I. H. Latif, as the Governor of Maharashtra, on 30 May 1985.
A keen sportsman Rao was Tennis champion of the Bombay University in 1938. He organised the Shivaji Vyayam Mandali at Bapatla and some other places. He was a wrestler and badminton champion during his college days at Pune.
Rao was actively associated with a large number of cultural organisations. He has in his earlier days produced, acted and directed many Telugu films, notable among them being "Mangalasutra", "Niraparadhi" (1951), "Nirdoshi", "Drohi" and "Soudamini".
Rao in his tenure has helped Bapatla progress immensely. In the area of education as the founder of the Bapatla Education Society he ensured several institutions evolved in his home town. He was responsible for bringing Krishna water to the town of Bapatla, which ensured a lot of progression in the area of agriculture which was a prominent means of living for the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19888638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888638" title="Niketas Ooryphas">
Niketas Ooryphas

Niketas Oryphas or Oöryphas ( or , fl. 860–873) was a distinguished Byzantine official, patrician, and admiral under the Byzantine emperors Michael III (r. 842–867) and Basil I the Macedonian (r. 867–886), who achieved several naval victories against the Saracen raiders.
Biography.
Under Michael III.
Nothing is known of Niketas Ooryphas's early life. Several people surnamed Ooryphas are recorded in sources during the first half of the 9th century, all of them in high naval positions, but any family relation is conjectural.
Niketas Ooryphas first appears in our sources in 860, as urban prefect of Constantinople, when a Rus' fleet suddenly appeared in the entrance to the Bosporus and started pillaging the city's suburbs. In his capacity, Ooryphas made a report to Emperor Michael III, who was campaigning against the Arabs in Asia Minor. At a subsequent date, he was appointed in a position in the Byzantine navy, and in 867 he was in charge of the Imperial Fleet ("droungarios tou ploïmou"). In this capacity, he sailed with 100 ships in relief of Ragusa against an Arab siege which had already lasted 15 months, and restored the imperial suzerainty over the coasts of Dalmatia. It is, however, possible that Ooryphas already had naval experience, as he may be identifiable with one of the commanders of the 853 attack on Damietta.
Under Basil the Macedonian.
Although he had risen to high rank under Emperor Michael III and had protested the usurpation of the Byzantine throne by Emperor Basil I in 867, Ooryphas was quickly won over and retained in office by the latter, and went on to become the perhaps most successful Byzantine admiral of his age.
In 869, Ooryphas led the Byzantine fleet that sailed in support of Louis II who was besieging Bari, but on arriving there, he found the Frankish army dispersed in winter quarters, and caused a diplomatic episode by referring to Louis, who claimed the title of "Emperor of the Romans", merely as "king". As a result of the quarrel, the main part of the Byzantine force left, without participating in the siege of the city.
In 873, Ooryphas defeated the Saracens of the Emirate of Crete in the Gulf of Saros, and followed this victory up in the following year: while the Saracens were campaigning off the western coasts of Greece, he had his men drag his ships overland across the Isthmus of Corinth, thereby surprising the Saracen fleet in the Corinthian Gulf and defeating them. Ooryphas subsequently disappears from the scene, although he may have led the Imperial Fleet in its actions for a few years before being replaced by the "droungarios" Nasar, including the recapture of Bari and, briefly, of Cyprus.
Ooryphas disliked Saracens so much so that he resorted to extensive torture whenever he managed to capture Saracen Muslims.

</doc>
<doc id="19888642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888642" title="Interactive planning">
Interactive planning

Interactive planning, as defined and disseminated on by Russell L. Ackoff, focuses on creating the future by designing a desirable present. Interactive planning is unlike other types of planning, such as reactive planning, inactive planning, and preactive planning. 
This is because interactive planning is focused in systems thinking and is "based on the belief that an organization's future depends at least as much on what it does between now and then, as on what is done to it". The organization will then create its future by continuously closing the gap between its current state and its desirable current state.
Interactive planning has three unique characteristics:
Interactive Planning has six phases, divided into two parts: Idealization and Realization.
Idealization.
Formulating the mess.
This is the process of understanding the organization's current state, capabilities and changes necessary for improvement. To adequately begin formulating the mess, great effort must be taken to understand and learn about the current state of an organization and its environment. This can be called the "state of the organization or situational analysis". Formulating the mess by understanding the state of the organization and by creating a reference projection will enable the organization to "control or influence" its future.
The State of the Organization provides a description of what the organization does. It can be illustrated by flow charts; identification of rules and customs practiced by the organization; disclosure of internal and external conflicts which affect organization performance; and identifying trends that could affect organization performance if it continued on the same path. Once the State of the Organization is made, the next critical step in formulating the mess starts with setting up a reference projection.
A reference projection is a projection of the future of the organization based on two false assumptions:
The reference projection should be formed based on the critical success factors of the organization that will lead to its destruction in its projected future. This method of analysis a reference projection will produce "how and why the organization will destroy itself". Critical success factors could include an organization's expenses, revenues, return on investments, and safety records. In all instances, the reference projection should sufficiently illustrate the future of the organization if it did not change its behavior. In this sense the reference projection provides a means to identify potential limiting business strategies and suggest ways to avoid serious future failures.
Ends planning.
This is the process of defining the desired present state, and identifying gaps between the desired present and the current reference projections of the organization. This process is achieved by making explicit exactly what is wanted by an organization. In an organization three specific types of ends are ideals, objectives, and goals.
Realization.
Means Planning.
This is the process of determining what needs to be done to close the gaps between the desired present and the current reference projections of the organization. The main objective of means planning is to determine how the gaps are to be closed or reduced, which will provide the instructions needed to close or reduce those gaps. Means come in different forms, depending on the complexity of the gaps. Types of means include: acts, courses of action or procedures, practices, processes, projects, programs, and policies.
Resource Planning.
This is the process of identifying what resources are needed, when they will be needed and what to do in case of shortages/excesses. Resource planning relies heavily on means planning because it provides the backbone from how much resources are inevitably needed. Typically in the resource planning stage of interactive planning five types of resources are focused on: money, capital goods, people, consumables, data. For each resource type, questions to be addressed are:
Design of Implementation.
This is the process of determining "who, what, when, where and how" the plan will be put into action. Implementation is achieved by creating specific instructions based on the means (selected during the means planning process of interactive planning). It consists of implementation decisions and expectations, which should always be monitored and controlled. In addition, the individuals who make the decisions should be available to those responsible for carrying out the decision.
Design of Controls.
This is the process of deciding how to monitor the implementation phase and how to evaluate the plan once implemented. In the control process procedures are created to: identify expectations, monitor decisions, diagnose problems, prescribe corrective action, and providing feedback to facilitate organizational learning and adaptation.
Interactive planning can be used to design and implement many different areas in management systems. For example, interactive planning can be used in assessing whether or not the organization's occupational safety and health goals meet their present and future needs and are seen as a vital part of a corporation’s on-going success. 
In addition, interactive planning establishes a model for evaluating, comprehending, and initiating change management within a corporation's safety and health program. This model enables Environmental Health and Safety professionals to create a process safety management framework to perform a gap analysis of current work practices compared with current company means to re-direct resources. There are circumstances that corporate safety management need to re-align the prism to provide clear, concise direction to employees and/or responsible senior executives.

</doc>
<doc id="19888648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888648" title="Tin(IV) fluoride">
Tin(IV) fluoride

Tin(IV) fluoride is a chemical compound of tin and fluorine with the chemical formula SnF4 and is a white solid with a melting point above 700 °C.
SnF4 can be prepared by the reaction of tin metal with fluorine gas:
However, a passivating metal fluoride layer will be created and the surface will eventually become unreactive. An alternative synthesis is the reaction of SnCl4 with anhydrous hydrogen fluoride:
With alkali metal fluorides (e.g. KF) hexafluorostannates are produced (e.g.K2SnF6), which contain the octahedral SnF62− anion. SnF4 behaves as a Lewis acid and adducts L2·SnF4 and L·SnF4 have been produced.
Structure.
Unlike the other tin tetrahalides, tin(IV) chloride, tin(IV) bromide, tin(IV) iodide which contain tetrahedrally coordinated tin, tin(IV) fluoride contains planar layers of octahedrally coordinated tin, where the octahedra share four corners and there are two terminal, unshared, fluorine atoms "trans" to one another. The melting point of SnF4 is much higher (700 °C) than the other tin(IV) halides which are relatively low melting, (SnCl4, −33.3 °C; SnBr4, 31 °C; SnI4, 144 °C). The structure can also be contrasted with the tetrafluorides of the lighter members of group 14, (CF4, SiF4 and GeF4) which in the solid state form molecular crystals.
Commercial applications of the compound include using SnF4 in toothpaste to prevent dental decay.

</doc>
<doc id="19888650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888650" title="Bubble Bobble Plus!">
Bubble Bobble Plus!

Gameplay.
As with previous games, the player will have to defeat all enemies across a number of screens by trapping them in bubbles and popping them. The normal mode features the original two playable characters, Bub and Bob, while the Arrange Mode adds support for up to 4 players, joined with female characters Pab and Peb, as magenta and orange bubble dragons respectively.
The game contains several playing modes - a remake containing 100 classic stages and a new story mode with 100 new stages, as well as more difficult "Super" versions of those stages.
In addition, for Bubble Bobble Plus!, two downloadable content packs (Extra 1 and Extra 2) were released consisting of 50 "very hard" stages each, as well as new boss characters. These Extra modes also include four player support.
Reception.
"Bubble Bobble Plus!" received generally positive reviews. N-Europe praised the title, saying it had a wealth of content to enjoy, while the downloadable packs were fairly reasonably priced and offered a significantly ramped up challenge from the standard levels. The review scored the title 8/10. IGN had this to say about the game, "Bubble Bobble is a classic game of adventure and betrayal, but the graphics and gameplay of this version of the game could have easily been done on a PS1." Robert Townslend of Game Informer said, "The whole Bubble Bobble thing has been done a thousand times before, but that doesn't make it any less amazing every time a new one comes out. Smash, bash, bubble fun time to be had."

</doc>
<doc id="19888656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888656" title="Inam-ul-Haq (Quetta cricketer)">
Inam-ul-Haq (Quetta cricketer)

Inam-ul-Haq was a Pakistani cricketer who played for Quetta.
Inam made a single first-class appearance for the team, against Pakistan International Airlines B in the Patron's Trophy competition of 1973/74, scoring a duck and 15 runs with the bat, and conceding 51 runs with the ball in 23.4 overs.

</doc>
<doc id="19888664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888664" title="SCSI / ATA Translation">
SCSI / ATA Translation

SCSI / ATA Translation (SAT) is a set of standards developed by the T10 subcommittee, defining how to communicate with ATA devices through a SCSI application layer. The standard attempts to be consistent with the SCSI architectural model, the SCSI Primary Commands, and the SCSI Block Commands standards.
The first SAT standard was finalized in 2007 and published as ANSI INCITS 431-2007. It was succeeded by SAT-2 published as INCITS 465 in 2009, and SAT-3, which was finalized by T10 and is expected to be published as INCITS 517 in 2014. SAT-4 is indevelopment. SAT has also been adopted in 2008 as a ISO/IEC JTC 1/SC 25 standard, namely ISO/IEC 14776-921. SAT-2 was promulgated as ISO/IEC 14776-922 in 2011.
The standard allows for translation of common SCSI Block Commands such as:
The standard also provides the ability to control exactly what ATA operations are executed on a target device by defining two new SCSI operation codes:
The standard also defines a new data structure returned in the sense data known as the ATA Return Descriptor which contains the ATA taskfile registers.
Significant additions in SAT-2 are ATAPI translations, NCQ control, 
persistent reservations, non-volatile cache translation, and ATA security mode translations.
Applications.
SAT is useful for enabling ATA-device-specific commands in a number of scenarios:

</doc>
<doc id="19888669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888669" title="Proverbial Reggae">
Proverbial Reggae

Proverbial Reggae was the second album by Jamaican Roots Reggae band The Gladiators, recorded and released in 1978 on Virgin Records' Front Line imprint. [http://www.roots-archives.com/release/47]
British dub poet Linton Kwesi Johnson has said the songs on "Proverbial Reggae" "combine intelligent, poetic lyrics with majestic melodies, enchanting harmonies, producing inspired, entertaining meaningful music." 
Track listing.
All songs by Albert Griffiths unless noted.
Side One
Side Two

</doc>
<doc id="19888671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888671" title="All-Ireland Senior Club Camogie Championship">
All-Ireland Senior Club Camogie Championship

The All-Ireland Club Camogie Championship is the most important competition for club teams in the Irish women’s field sport of camogie. It is contested by the senior club champions of the leading counties and organised by An Cumann Camógaíochta.
Trophy.
The trophy for the competition was donated by Bill Carroll, whose daughter, Ann was one of the outstanding players of the first decade of the competition, winning Championships with both St Patrick’s, Glengoole and St Paul’s, Kilkenny.
History.
The competition was established in 1964, six years before the equivalent competitions in hurling and Gaelic football. Between 1971 and 1978 and again since 2010 it was concluded in the spring following the county championships. On other years it was concluded within the calendar year in November–December.
Teams from Kilkenny have won the competition 12 times, followed by Galway and Wexford with 7 victories each, Limerick and Cork with 6, Dublin with 5, Tipperary with 4, and Antrim with one victory.
A junior club championship was introduced in 2004 and won by Crossmaglen (Armagh). The intermediate club championship was introduced in 2010 and the first two titles were won by Eoghan Rua from Coleraine in Derry.

</doc>
<doc id="19888695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888695" title="Estonian Regiment &quot;Reval&quot;">
Estonian Regiment &quot;Reval&quot;

Estonian Regiment "Reval" (Estonian: "Eesti rügement "Tallinn"") was formed in the early spring of 1944. The regiment comprised only Estonians, and had three battalions. The regiment was led by Major Rubach, helped by Lt. Noorkukk. The regiment's first name was supposed to be "Narwa", but that name was already used by another Estonian battalion.
The regiment's first battalion mostly comprised Viljandi County men led by Captain Purre. The second battalion was made up by Pärnu County men led by Captain Möldre. The third battalion was made up of Tallinn and Tartu County men led by Lt. Parts.
The regiment was sent to the Narva front on February 13, 1944. The regiment was sent without adequate training or equipment (particularly machine guns) and suffered heavy losses, as there were many casualties to Soviet cannon fire and air force.

</doc>
<doc id="19888698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888698" title="List of radio stations in Southern Tagalog">
List of radio stations in Southern Tagalog


</doc>
<doc id="19888701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888701" title="Longitude (TV series)">
Longitude (TV series)

Longitude is a 2000 TV drama produced by Granada Productions and the A&E Network for Channel 4, first broadcast in 2000 in the UK on Channel 4 and the US on A&E. It is an adaptation of the 1997 book of the same title by Dava Sobel. It was written and directed by Charles Sturridge and stars Michael Gambon as clockmaker John Harrison (1693–1776) and Jeremy Irons as horologist Rupert Gould (1890–1948).
Plot.
"Longitude" presents the story of Harrison's efforts to develop the marine chronometer and thereby win the Longitude prize in the 18th century. This is interwoven with the story of Gould, a retired naval officer, who is restoring Harrison's four chronometers and popularises his achievements in the early twentieth century.
Awards.
In 2001, "Longitude" was nominated for the British Academy Television Awards in ten categories, winning in five, including Best Actor (Michael Gambon) and Best Drama Serial.

</doc>
<doc id="19888728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888728" title="Harold Henry Fisher">
Harold Henry Fisher

Harold Henry Fisher (1890–1975) was a US historian specializing in Russian history.
Fisher was born in Morristown, Vermont; he received an AB from the University of Vermont in 1911. He served as a field artillery captain during World War I, and was appointed chief of the Historical Department of American Relief Administration during the post-war famine in Eastern Europe and Russia. His collection of Tsarist and Bolshevik documents subsequently became a permanent part of the Hoover Institution's holdings.
Fisher became a lecturer at Stanford University in 1924. He was later named Curator of the American Relief Administration Archives (1924–1934), Secretary of the Directors (1925–1930), Director of the Russian Revolution Institute (1929–1940), Vice-Chairman of the Directors (1931–1943), Chairman of the Directors (1943–1952), and Chairman of the Advisory Board (1952–1955). After World War II he served the United Nations in various advisory capacities. He retired from Stanford in 1955, but went on to serve as a visiting professor at the University of California at Berkeley, San Francisco State College, Columbia University, and Tokyo University. The Hoover Institution established the Harold H. Fisher Endowment Fund in 1969; its purpose was the collection of documents relating to the history, economy, and politics of the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="19888742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888742" title="Transport Planning Professional">
Transport Planning Professional

Transport Planning Professional is a professional qualification for transport planners which has been developed by the Chartered Institution of Highways and Transportation and the Transport Planning Society. It has been designed to provide professional recognition for transport planners at a level that equates to that of Chartered Engineer. The qualification requires candidates to have a range of technical competencies, provide a portfolio of evidence, and undertake a professional review.
The qualification is split into five sections
Those awarded Transport Planning Professional status are entitled to use the postnominal letters TPP.

</doc>
<doc id="19888749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888749" title="News Live">
News Live

News Live is a 24 hour satellite channel of Assam, northeast India. Newslivetv.org is the official portal of the news channel. This is second satellite news chennal of northeast India. News Live broadcasts news in Assamese & English language. It was launched on 21 January 2008.
Bureau.
News Live has several Bureaus across India. The bureaus are situated at Bongaigaon, New Delhi, Dibrugarh, Jorhat, Kokrajhar, Lakhimpur, Nagaon, Nalbari, Silchar, Tezpur, Mangaldai, Diphu, Sivasagar, Dhubri, Tinsukia and five more bureaus shortly.
Programming.
Current Programmes
Former Programmes

</doc>
<doc id="19888751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888751" title="Drew Griffin">
Drew Griffin

Drew Griffin is a reporter on the American cable news channel CNN.
Career.
Griffin worked as an investigative reporter for CBS 2 News in Los Angeles for 10 years. He joined CNN in May 2004. In September 2005, Griffin covered the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina. Griffin's reports about the looting by some New Orleans police officers led to a police investigation. He also broke stories about nursing home deaths after Katrina.
Awards.
Griffin won a business and financial reporting Emmy Award in 2005 for his reports on a fault in Ford vehicles which caused them to catch fire. He earned his second Emmy in 2006 for the CNN Presents documentary "How to Rob a Bank" and a third in 2007 for "Hidden Spending," an Anderson Cooper 360° segment about congressional spending.

</doc>
<doc id="19888769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888769" title="Timothy Leary bibliography">
Timothy Leary bibliography

The following is a list of works by Timothy Leary.
Non-print creative works.
Discography.
Also appears on:

</doc>
<doc id="19888773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888773" title="Scott Petri">
Scott Petri

Scott Petri is a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from the 178th Legislative District. He currently serves on the House Appropriations, Liquor Control, Local Government and Urban Affairs Committees.
Career.
Prior to being elected to the House, Petri was a practicing attorney with his own firm, he served as counsel to Upper Makefield Township and New Britain. He also served on the Upper Makefield Township planning commission and as solicitor to the township.
In 2002, Petri defeated Philadelphia sportscaster Carl Cherkin to succeed retiring Rep. Roy Reinard. He has been re-elected to each succeeding session of the House.
Personal.
Petri graduated from in 1985. He is a graduate of Washington and Jefferson College in Washington, Pennsylvania and the Villanova University School of Law. He also graduated from Downingtown High School.
He resides in New Hope, Pennsylvania with his wife and son.

</doc>
<doc id="19888785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888785" title="Ukraine in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009">
Ukraine in the Eurovision Song Contest 2009

Ukraine competed at the Eurovision Song Contest 2009, with the seventh Ukrainian entrant selected by a national final held by Ukrainian broadcaster Natsionalna Telekompaniya Ukrainy (NTU).
After a number of changes to dates for the national final, the contest finally took place on 8 March 2009, where 14 songs competed to represent Ukraine at Eurovision 2009 in Moscow, Russia. The final winner was Svitlana Loboda with "Be My Valentine".
National final.
The selection process began with an open call for songs by NTU for the contest, with a deadline for entries set at 16 January. After this deadline, the original plan was for the broadcaster to assemble a seven-person jury to access the entries. Between 21 and 23 January, this jury would have selected 30 songs to perform in an untelevised semi-final, to be held on 1 February behind closed doors. From these 30 songs, 15 of them were to qualify for a televised final to be held on 22 February 2009.
On 20 January, a total of 63 entries were submitted to NTU. However, changes to the format for the contest were announced at the same time. Two semi-finals were to be held on 7 and 8 February, featuring 20 songs in total, possibly held at the Sports Palace in Kiev, where the 2005 Eurovision was held. This was yet again changed on 21 January, where it was revealed that now only one semi-final will be held on 8 February, which will not be held at the Sports Palace.
The semi-final was held internally by NTU to select 15 entries to compete in the final. After the semi-final, it was reported that the performer Anastasiya Prykhodko and her manager claimed that neither the National Television Company of Ukraine (NTCU) nor the National Jury had used trustworthy methods to choose the contestants for the final. Prykhodko's interpretation of the rules was that in the semi-final, she had been entitled to perform something different from their Eurovision entry song. In fact, Paragraph 4.3 of the Rules of Eurovision Song Competition issued by the NCTU on 31 October 2008 stated literally:"On 8 February 2009 on the improvised stage set in the NTVU studios, the 30 semi-finalists perform their competition songs live." On the grounds of the paragraph, the Jury disqualified Pryhodko for performing a song from her repertoire of the times of the Star Factory TV show called "Vsyo dlya tebya". The national final, to be held on 8 March, was temporarly suspended by a national arbitration committee due to the protest filed by Prykhodko. However, the national final went ahead on 8 March at the Ukraina Palace in Kiev, where the winner was decided by a 50/50 mix of jury vote and public televote. Prykhodko later entered the Russian national final on 7 March, winning with "Mamo" and represented Russia at the contest.
Svitlana Loboda won the national final with the song "Be My Valentine". The song will be performed at Eurovision as "Be My Valentine! (Anti-Crisis Girl)".
Promotion.
After winning the national final, Svitlana released the promotional video for "Be My Valentine! (Anti-Crisis Girl)", which will be shown around Europe before the contest.
Svitlana performed with a number of other entries in the 2009 contest at two international events: on 17 April the Ukrainian entry performed at the UKEurovision Preview Party at the Scala in London; she also performed on 18 April at the Eurovision Promo Concert in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, along with entries from 22 other countries.
At Eurovision.
Despite Ani Lorak coming second in the final of the 2008 contest, Ukraine will have to compete in the second semi-final of the contest on 14 May 2009. Svitlana will perform 17th in the running order of the semi-final, following Albania and preceding Estonia.
Svitlana released news on her performance at Eurovision that she would perform on stage with a large mechanical device known as the "Hell Machine", appearing somewhat like a cog. The device would descend and rotate from the top of the stage, and to be accompanied by embedded lights.
The song qualified for the final where it finished 12th with 76 points.

</doc>
<doc id="19888788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888788" title="Cross-country skiing at the 2002 Winter Paralympics">
Cross-country skiing at the 2002 Winter Paralympics

Cross-country skiing at the 2002 Winter Paralympics consisted of 32 events, 20 for men and 12 for women.
Medal summary.
The competition events were:
Each event had separate standing, sitting, or visually impaired classifications:

</doc>
<doc id="19888796" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888796" title="Lea Nass">
Lea Nass

Dr. Lea Nass-Arden (, born 27 December 1961) is an Israeli politician who served a member of the Knesset for Likud and as Deputy Minister of Pensioner Affairs.
Biography.
Nass studied for her B.A., M.A. and PhD degrees in biochemistry at Bar-Ilan University, completing her doctorate in 1993. Her research topic was sperm motility.
After the completion of her PhD she entered politics and was elected to Giv'at Shmuel city council, and was responsible for city beautification, sanitation, and the environment from 1993 until 2003. In 1998 and from 2002 until 2003, she also served as deputy mayor.
She was placed in 36th place on the Likud list for the 2003 elections. At the time, she described herself as "the only religious woman in the Likud". When Likud won 38 seats, she became a Knesset member and chaired the Science and Technology committee.
For the 2006 elections she won 17th place on the party's list, but lost her seat as the party was reduced to 12 seats.
In the Likud primaries for the 2009 Knesset elections, held on 8 December 2008, she won tenth spot on the list and was the top female candidate. She returned to the Knesset as Likud won 27 seats in the election, and was appointed Deputy Minister of Pensioner Affairs. Prior to the 2013 elections Nass was placed sixtieth on the joint Likud Yisrael Beiteinu list. She left the Knesset after the alliance won 31 seats.
Nass is married to Shlomo Nass, an accountant specializing in liquidations and receiverships, and has six children.

</doc>
<doc id="19888803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888803" title="Leamer">
Leamer

Leamer is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19888805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888805" title="Figure skating at the 1932 Winter Olympics – Men's singles">
Figure skating at the 1932 Winter Olympics – Men's singles

The men's individual figure skating event was held as part of the figure skating programme at the 1932 Winter Olympics. It was the fifth appearance of the event, which had previously been held twice at the Summer Olympics in 1908 and 1920 as was as twice at the Winter Games in 1924 and 1928. The competition was held on Monday February 8, 1932 and on Tuesday February 9, 1932.
Twelve figure skaters from eight nations competed.
Results.
After three consecutive wins Gillis Grafström finished in second place; making him the most successful Olympic figure skater ever. The Austrian Karl Schäfer was able to beat the Swedish champion and went on to defend his title in 1936.
Referee: 
Judges:

</doc>
<doc id="19888830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888830" title="Inam-ul-Haq (East Pakistan cricketer)">
Inam-ul-Haq (East Pakistan cricketer)

Inam-ul-Haq was a Pakistani cricketer.
Inam made his debut cricketing appearance in the Ayub Trophy competition of 1961-62 for East Zone. He scored steadily on his debut, though his bowling was less than economical.
Inam made three appearances for East Pakistan in the Quaid-e-Azam Trophy competition of 1962-63, taking five wickets during his first match of the competition, though he failed to get off the mark with the ball. East Pakistan finished third in the group table, a single win above bottom-placed Hyderabad.
Two seasons later, Inam made his fifth and final first-class appearance, for Dacca University against Pakistan International Airlines in the Ayub Trophy, a game which Dacca lost by an innings.

</doc>
<doc id="19888838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888838" title="1992 Phoenix Cardinals season">
1992 Phoenix Cardinals season

The 1992 Phoenix Cardinals season was the 73rd season the team was in the National Football League (NFL). The team matched their previous output of 4–12. The Cardinals failed to qualify to the playoffs for the tenth straight season.
Two of the Cardinals' victories came at the expense of playoff-bound teams. Phoenix defeated the defending Super Bowl champion Redskins in week five, and in week nine, the Cards toppled the 49ers, who finished the regular season with the NFL's best record of 14–2. 

</doc>
<doc id="19888860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888860" title="Laurentius Petri Aboicus">
Laurentius Petri Aboicus

Laurentius Petri Aboicus (1605–1671) was a Finnish priest and historian. He was born in Turku and was vicar in Tammela from 1648.
Laurentius Petri Aboicus, also called "L.P. Tammelinus", published an extraordinary chronicle titled "Ajan tieto Suomenmaan menois ja uscost" (1658). It was the first history book in Finnish language. 

</doc>
<doc id="19888867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888867" title="Direct action (disambiguation)">
Direct action (disambiguation)

Direct action is political action seeking social change outside the usual political channels.
Direct action may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19888890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888890" title="San José de Gracia, Aguascalientes">
San José de Gracia, Aguascalientes

San José de Gracia, or simply San José, is a town in the Mexican state of Aguascalientes. It stands at . It serves as the municipal seat for the surrounding municipality of San José de Gracia.

</doc>
<doc id="19888892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888892" title="Hielanman's Umbrella">
Hielanman's Umbrella

The Hielanman's Umbrella () is a famous landmark in the centre of Glasgow, Scotland. It is the local Scots nickname for the glass walled railway bridge which carries the platforms of Glasgow Central station across Argyle Street.
Due to the forced displacement of people during the second phase of the Highland clearances in the 19th century, 30,000 Highlanders who spoke Scottish Gaelic but did not speak English came to Glasgow to find work. When arriving in the city they were housed in many different areas of Glasgow. Over many years Highlanders continued to arrive and began to keep in touch by meeting under the bridge, mostly at weekends. 
With the city's inclement weather and the meeting of the Highlanders it came to be known as the Hielanman's Umbrella. As time passed the Highlanders and their offspring became integrated into Glasgow culture until finally the meetings no longer occurred. Many of the younger generation no longer recall the name of the bridge.
In 1998, the bridge was substantially refurbished by Railtrack (and later Network Rail) in line with the rest of the station - its distinctive Venetian style windows were reglazed, and the gold "Central Station" lettering was applied. Efforts were also made to improve the environment underneath the bridge to encourage retailers back into the shop units - high powered lighting and extractor fans were installed. The street level entrances to Central Station under the bridge were also upgraded.
In 2001, a new entrance to the burgeoning Arches nightclub and restaurant complex was added under the bridge which has led to the level of pedestrian footfall increasing markedly, contributing greatly to the regeneration of the Umbrella.

</doc>
<doc id="19888900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888900" title="Tenshi no Solitaire">
Tenshi no Solitaire

Tenshi no Solitaire is a Japan-only WiiWare game developed by G-Mode. It costs 500 Wii points.
Overview.
The game features three basic versions of solitaire to play. Rather than using the pointer function of the Wii Remote to select and move cards, the game instead uses the Wii Remote on its side, with players using the d-pad to control an on-screen finger "cursor" which can be moved around the screen. 
The game runs in 16:9 and 480p display.

</doc>
<doc id="19888908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888908" title="Jacksonville Consolidation">
Jacksonville Consolidation

The Jacksonville Consolidation was the city-county consolidation of the governments of the City of Jacksonville and Duval County, Florida. It was effected on October 1, 1968.
Background.
Through the 1960s, Jacksonville, like most other large cities in the US, suffered from the effects of urban sprawl, including corruption scandals. A grand jury indicted 11 officials on 142 counts of bribery and larceny including: 
The city tax assessor took the Fifth Amendment, refused to testify, and resigned.
Yates Manifesto.
Claude Yates had recently retired as Vice President and General Manager of Southern Bell in Jacksonville and been named president of the Jacksonville Chamber of Commerce in 1964 when all 15 public high schools lost their accreditation. On January 19, 1965 Yates called a lunch meeting of the chamber at the Robert Meyer Hotel to decide on a course of action. Those individuals who attended included Glenn Marshall Jr., Roger L. Main, W.S. Johnson, Charles W. Campbell, Gert H.W. Schmidt, Edward Ball, C.G. Whittaker, Luke Sadler, B.D. Fincannon, George B. Hills, Jacob F. Bryan III, B.N. Nimnicht, James R. Stockton Sr., J.T. Lane, J.H. Coppedge, Gen. Maxwell Snyder, Harold Meyerheim, Joseph W. Davin, Thompson S. Baker, Richard Lewinson, Henry M. French and S. Kendrick Guernsey. The date was significant because it was the deadline for submitting requests for the upcoming legislative session. At the time, the legislature only met for sixty days every other year. The aforementioned prominent business and civic leaders signed a 45-word petition to the Duval legislative delegation of Senator John E. Mathews and Representative Fred Schultz, that would later be dubbed the "Yates Manifesto". It stated:
We, the undersigned, respectfully request the Duval County Delegation to the Florida Legislature to prepare an enabling act calling for the citizens of Duval County to vote on the consolidation of government within Duval to secure more efficient and effective government under one governmental body.
Commission established.
In response, the 1965 Florida Legislature created the Local Government Study Commission (LGSC). The legislature chose J. J. Daniel as chairman to design a new government and write its charter. Daniel was known, according to "The Florida Times", for his "powerful personality, unquestioned integrity, strong leadership and history of civic involvement." Lex Hester was hired as the executive director of the LGSC. He was the "key architect of Jacksonville's consolidated government", transition coordinator and chief administrative officer following consolidation.
Claude Yates was among the 50 business and civic leaders invited to participate; elected officials and government employees were intentionally excluded. On October 1, 1965 the commission was established and given until May 1, 1967 to complete their work. In January, 1967, after 15 months of effort and three months ahead of schedule, the LGSC submitted a consolidation proposal entitled, "Blueprint for Improvement".
The legislative delegation altered the plan slightly to make it more appealing and ordered it to be placed on a referendum in 1967.
Plan promotion.
Claude Yates also helped promote the government merger plan. Yates led the "Citizens for Better Government" committee, which successfully disseminated information about the advantages of consolidation to voters who had consistently defeated consolidation referendums since 1935. Lower taxes, increased economic development, unification of the community, better public spending and effective administration by a more central authority were all cited as reasons for a new consolidated government. Other significant individuals that supported consolidation included: 
Results.
Duval county voters approved the consolidation referendum 54,493 - 29,768 on August 8, 1967 but the old government did not go quietly. A lawsuit was filed by a few elected officials contesting consolidation because their term in office would be shortened and they would be required to face re-election after one year in office. Other elected officials attempted to pass zoning changes or sign long-term government contracts for their cronies. 
After a year of transition, the consolidated government went into effect on October 1, 1968. Jacksonville celebrated with a parade and fireworks that attracted 200,000 spectators. Hans Tanzler, elected mayor of Jacksonville the year before, became the first mayor of the consolidated government. Jacksonville became the largest city (by population) in Florida and the 13th largest in the United States. According to the Jacksonville Historical Society, the city "became the largest city in land area in the entire world", a distinction it eventually yielded to Juneau, Alaska. All land in Duval County is considered part of Jacksonville except the four independent municipalities of Jacksonville Beach, Atlantic Beach, Neptune Beach and Baldwin, although residents of these towns vote in city elections and are eligible for other services. Jacksonville became the second consolidated government in the state of Florida and one of ten in the nation.

</doc>
<doc id="19888912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888912" title="Hawgsmoke">
Hawgsmoke

Hawgsmoke is a biennial United States Air Force bombing, missile, and tactical gunnery competition for A-10 Thunderbolt II units. It is hosted by the winners of the previous competition and provides both skills competition and an opportunity to share in the camaraderie and fellowship within the A-10 community.
Operations.
Remembering the fallen.
Hawgsmoke opens with a remembrance ceremony for fallen comrades. Following the reading of the names of all fallen A-10 pilots, a missing-man formation flies overhead. At the conclusion, the participants drink a shot of whiskey then smash the shot glasses, in honor and remembrance of old friends and colleagues.
Competition.
The competition itself takes place over two days and includes team and individual scoring of strafing, high-altitude dive-bombing, 30-degree dive-bombing, low-angle high-delivery, Maverick missile precision, and team tactics.
History.
Hawgsmoke grew out of the discontinued "Gunsmoke" Air Force Worldwide Gunnery Competition. Gunsmoke had been the US Air Force's air-to-ground gunnery and bombing competition involving multiple airframes, first held in 1949 and then biennially (except for 1963–1980) from 1954 to 1995 at Nellis Air Force Base.
Colonel Cliff Latta of the 172d Fighter Squadron is credited with initiating the first Hawgsmoke competition at the Alpena Combat Readiness Training Center, Michigan and was hosted by the Michigan Air National Guard's 172d Fighter Squadron from Battle Creek. A-10 units from around the world sent four aircraft and associated crew to compete in ground attack and target destruction events. The 118th Fighter Squadron from the Connecticut Air National Guard won the first event and in turn hosted Hawgsmoke 2002, at Fort Drum, New York.
In 2002 17 teams and 62 aircraft competed. The overall winner was the four-member team from the 47th Fighter Squadron from Barksdale Air Force Base, Louisiana. Hawgsmoke 2002 emphasized target acquisition and focused on accurately dropping practice bombs, firing the AGM-65 Maverick missile, and strafing proficiency with the 30 mm GAU-8 Gatling gun.
Hawgsmoke 2004 was hosted by the 47th Fighter Squadron and held at England Air Park, Louisiana. The competition grew to include 18 teams and more than 70 aircraft. Weather conditions forced the cancellation of the competition events and consequently the event became known as "Hawgwash" 2004.
As there was no winner in 2004 the 355th Fighter Wing was selected to host the 2006 event. It was held 22–25 March at Davis Monthan Air Force Base, Arizona. Hawgsmoke 2006 coincided the 30th Anniversary of the A-10; consequently, over 140 aircraft flew in to take part. The 303d Fighter Squadron from Whiteman Air Force Base, Missouri emerged the winner. In turn the 303d hosted Hawgsmoke 2008 at Smoky Hill Range, Kansas.

</doc>
<doc id="19888915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888915" title="Edgar Villchur">
Edgar Villchur

Edgar Marion Villchur (28 May 1917 – 17 October 2011) was an American inventor, educator, and writer widely known for his 1954 invention of the acoustic suspension loudspeaker which revolutionized the field of high-fidelity equipment. A speaker Villchur developed, the AR-3, is exhibited at the The Smithsonian Institution's Information Age Exhibit in Washington, DC. 
Villchur's speaker systems provided improved bass response while reducing the speaker's cabinet size. Acoustic Research, Inc. (AR), of which he was president from 1954 to 1967, manufactured high-fidelity loudspeakers, turntables, and other stereo components of his design, and demonstrated their quality through "live vs. recorded" concerts. The company's market share grew to 32 percent by 1966. After leaving AR, Villchur researched hearing aid technology, developing the multichannel compression hearing aid, which became the industry standard for hearing aids. 
Education, World War II, and early careers.
Edgar Villchur received his bachelor's and master's degrees in art history from City College in New York City. He worked in the theater, and had plans to be a scenic designer. World War II changed those plans, and he was trained by the US Army in maintenance and repair of radios, radar, and other equipment. He was stationed in New Guinea, where he rose to the rank of captain and was in charge of the electronic equipment for his squadron. 
After the war, Villchur opened a shop in New York's Greenwich Village where he repaired radios and built custom home high fidelity sets. He continued to educate himself in the area of audio engineering, taking courses in mathematics and engineering at New York University. After submitting an article to Audio Engineering magazine (later renamed Audio), he was asked to write a regular column. 
Despite the fact that his Masters Degree was in Art History, Villchur applied for a teaching job at NYU in the mid-fifties, presenting the administration with an outline of a course in Reproduction of Sound. His proposal was accepted, and he taught that course at night for several years. This was the first time such a course had been offered anywhere. At the same time, he worked at the American Foundation for the Blind in Manhattan, organizing their laboratory and designing or redesigning devices to make it easier for blind people to live independently. The tone arm on the turntable made by the Foundation had 12% distortion. Villchur redesigned it so that the distortion was less than 4%. 
One of his inventions for the Foundation for the Blind was a turntable tone arm that descended slowly to the surface of a vinyl record. This prevented the possibility that a blind person might drop the arm accidentally and that the sudden fall might damage the stylus or the record. In later years, when he was designing the AR turntable, he added this same feature to the tone arm. In the ads describing the advantages of the product, the photo showed a person accidentally dropping the tone arm, with a caption noting that this turntable was "For butterfingers."
Invention of the acoustic-suspension loudspeaker.
Villchur recognized that the weak link in home equipment was the loudspeaker. Amplifiers, record players, tape players, and tuners were fairly faithful to the original sound, but speakers of the time were unable to reproduce the bass notes of records or tapes without distortion. He came up with the idea for a new form of audio loudspeaker, one that would greatly reduce distortion by replacing the nonlinear mechanical spring with a linear air cushion. This "acoustic suspension" design demonstrated a greater undistorted SPL (sound pressure level) at 25 Hz than any previous loudspeaker type, including bass reflex, infinite baffle, or large horn designs. (Villchur's new and sophisticated understanding of the inexorable relationship among low-frequency extension, efficiency, and cabinet volume was later termed, by Henry Kloss, "Hofmann's Iron Law".)
He built a prototype of his new speaker out of a plywood box. The dimensions of the face of the box were taken from a picture frame that Villchur had hanging in his house. His wife, Rosemary, who had been a draftswoman during the war, sewed the pattern for the flexible surround out of mattress ticking. Unable to afford the full services of a patent attorney, he found a patent lawyer who was willing to explain the patent process briefly, and Villchur applied for a patent himself. In 1956, he received for the acoustic-suspension loudspeaker. He tried to sell the idea to several loudspeaker manufacturers, but his idea was rejected as impossible.
Acoustic Research, Inc..
One of his students at NYU, Henry Kloss, listened to Villchur's explanation of acoustic suspension and agreed that a speaker built on this principle would be a major improvement in hi-fi sound reproduction. Villchur decided that since the established manufacturers were not interested in the invention, the only way to make it available to the public was to go into business producing the new speaker. Kloss had a loft in Cambridge, Massachusetts where he was making loudspeaker cabinets, and the two men became business partners in Acoustic Research, Inc. (AR) in 1954. The partnership lasted until 1957, when Kloss left to form KLH, manufacturing loudspeakers using Villchur's acoustic suspension principle, under license from AR.
Over the next two decades, almost all major loudspeaker manufacturers gradually changed from mechanical to acoustic suspension. At first they did so under license to AR, paying royalties to use the principles of Villchur's patent. When the Electro-Voice Company refused to pay the royalties, AR sued them for patent infringement. Electro-Voice countersued, claiming prior art in the form of a mention of an air spring in a different system. The ensuing lawsuit resulted in the loss of the patent for Acoustic Research, a decision which Villchur chose not to appeal. In an interview about the case, Villchur says that he knew the judge's decision to void the patent was incorrect, but that he felt he had better things to do than to spend his life in litigation. He cited the example of Edwin Howard Armstrong, the inventor of FM radio, whose patent was rendered unprofitable through the actions of RCA. Armstrong spent years unsuccessfully fighting that injustice, and eventually committed suicide. Villchur decided not to contest the loss of his loudspeaker patent, but rather to move on and continue improving the quality of high fidelity equipment.
The first acoustic-suspension loudspeaker, the AR-1, was introduced at the New York Audio Show in 1954, and was an instant success. Villchur continued to improve loudspeakers, coming out with new models roughly every two years. The AR-2, produced in 1956, was a no-frills version of the speaker at a lower price. The independent testing agency Consumers Union, publisher of Consumer Reports magazine, did a report on loudspeakers that year. The AR-2 was one of only four speakers that received the Check Rating for highest quality, regardless of price. Of the four speakers that received the check rating, two were made by AR, and two were made by KLH under license from AR. After the CU rating, sales tripled.
Villchur continued to research improvements in sound reproduction, turning his attention to the tweeter. He received for his invention of the direct-radiator dome tweeter. This greatly improved high-frequency fidelity by its smooth response and wide dispersion of sound, and complemented the acoustic suspension woofer's improved bass response. The AR-3, which combined the acoustic suspension woofer with the dome tweeter, is considered Villchur's ultimate achievement in speakers. An example of this model is on display in the Information Age Exhibit of The National Museum of American History at The Smithsonian Institution in Washington, DC. Virtually every loudspeaker today uses Villchur's innovations: Acoustic Suspension Woofers and Dome Tweeters.
Villchur continued to do research, production design, and technical writing during his tenure as president of AR. One of his strongly held views was that the only appropriate criterion to determine the quality of high-fidelity components was comparison with the actual live music in performance. In keeping with that philosophy, AR produced a series of "Live versus Recorded" concerts in which live performances by musical ensembles were compared with previously taped performances played through AR stereo equipment. Musicians participating in these concerts included the Fine Arts String Quartet and classical guitarist Gustavo Lopez, as well as performances on a thirty-two foot pipe organ and an old-fashioned nickelodeon. The Washington Post featured the Live vs. Recorded concerts with a half-page article with pictures, providing free publicity for AR, in which they said that audiences were fooled over and over by the seamless transitions between live performance and sound reproduced through the AR speakers.
As president of AR, Villchur was known for progressive employment practices and innovative advertising techniques. AR used equal opportunity employment practices, and employees received health insurance and profit sharing—benefits which were highly unusual in any but the largest firms in the 1950s and 1960s. The company was also known for its liberal repair policies, fixing most products for free no matter how old they were, and in general providing excellent customer service.
AR's advertising was distinct from the sensationalistic ads of its competitors, instead concentrating on technical information, reviews by impartial critics, and endorsements from well-known musicians and other personalities who actually used Acoustic Research components. Villchur believed that each ad should provide accurate information and unsolicited endorsements in order to convince the reader of the quality of the product. The list of well-known artists who appeared with their AR stereo equipment in print advertisements included Virgil Thomson, Miles Davis, and Louis Armstrong.
In addition, the company established locations called "Music Rooms" where the public could listen to music through AR components and could ask questions of knowledgeable hosts, but where no selling took place. The most famous of the Music Rooms was in Grand Central Station, and became known as a quiet haven in the middle of the noisy terminal. During one year the New York Music Room counted over one hundred thousand visitors. Another Music Room was located in Cambridge, Massachusetts at Harvard Square. 
In 1961, Villchur designed a turntable (record player), and published an article explaining its several innovations. The tone arm and turntable platen were mounted together and suspended independently from the body of the turntable, so that a shock to the body of the turntable would have little effect on the playing of the record. Indeed, Villchur was fond of demonstrating this independent suspension by hitting the wooden base of the turntable with a mallet while the record played on flawlessly. The mechanical isolation of the tone-arm-platen assembly from the base had a further advantage. It eliminated the "muddy" bass sound that often resulted when vibrations from the loudspeaker were conducted through the floor and caused feedback through the pickup into the amplifier.
The low mass and damped suspension of the tone arm itself compensated for any irregularities on the surface of the disk so that even warped records could often be played without distortion. When released, the tone arm floated down to the record, so that if it were dropped, it would not crash into the disc (which could harm both the needle and the record). With its quiet motor and precision-ground rubber drive belt, the turntable had extremely low wow and flutter (the lowest of any turntable on the market at that time), and far exceeded the National Association of Broadcasters (National Association of Broadcasters) standards for turntable measurements. The overall look of the turntable was given an award by Industrial Design magazine.
Acoustic Research continued to expand its loudspeaker line, producing the smaller "bookshelf" speaker, the AR-4, which was popular among college students and younger families. In 1966, Stereo Review's yearly summary of the high-fidelity equipment showed that AR's loudspeaker sales represented almost one-third of the entire market, a share that had never been achieved by any hi-fi company before that, and which has never been equalled since.
In 1967, Villchur sold AR to Teledyne, and signed an agreement not to go into business in the field of sound reproduction equipment. Teledyne kept the AR name, and continued to produce stereo equipment. Although it was Villchur's plan for the company to produce a complete set of sound reproduction components, he sold the company before the amplifier and receiver became part of the line.
Hearing aid research and development.
When he left AR, Villchur went back to working as a researcher. He chose the field of hearing aids, since he felt that there was considerable room for improvement in these devices. He pointed out to an interviewer that when you see a person with eyeglasses, you assume that whatever vision problem they might have is fully corrected by their glasses. But when you see a person with a hearing aid, you assume that the person still has hearing difficulties. He set out to change that, and spent several years investigating the problem in his home laboratory in Woodstock, NY. 
Villchur worked with many volunteer subjects to analyze the various types of hearing loss. He discovered that traditional hearing aids of the day amplified loud sounds to the same extent as quiet sounds. He quickly realized, however, that quiet sounds needed more amplification than loud sounds. In fact, loud sounds might need no amplification at all. Many of his subjects complained that their hearing aids made soft sounds audible, but amplified moderately loud sounds to a painful level. 
By 1973, he had come up with a revolutionary concept in hearing aid design that was based on the early work of Steinberg and Gardner on loudness recruitment. This was the idea of using multi-channel compression to make up for the variable loss of loudness compression (recruitment). Each patient's audiogram, combined with individual testing, would determine a gain-map program for that person. It was multi-channel so that those with hearing losses in specific frequency ranges could receive amplification where needed. Equally important, one band would not "pump" another. For example the base would not control the gain in the mid and high frequency bands. More importantly, he used "wide dynamic range compression" (WDRC). Unlike the previous "compression limiting" circuits, which limited loud sounds to a certain level but did nothing to increase the gain for quiet sounds, Villchur's WDRC amplifiers increased gain for softer sounds without excessively amplifying louder sounds. 
Rather than apply for a patent, he decided to publish his findings and make them available to anyone who wanted to use them. Fred Waldhauer of Bell Labs heard Villchur lecture on this new hearing aid system, and started a Bell Labs project to develop a hearing aid. Bell Labs assigned a team of experts, including Jont B. Allen, David A. Berkley, Joseph L. Hall and Harry Levitt (City University of NY, Graduate center). Bell Labs developed the first analog circuit, a three-band WDRC, at Allentown PA. This development circuit and effort was then purchased by Rodney Perkins, who created ReSound. Several of the Bell Labs development team from the Holmdel facility went on to work for ReSound, and bought the rights from them for the technology. Based on the AT&T design, and manufactured by AT&T, a programmable hearing aid based on Villchur's principles was marketed under the ReSound label. This effort has been documented in the article by Jont Allen. Over the next twenty-five years, Villchur's innovations became the industry standard for hearing aid design. It is nearly impossible to find a hearing aid today – digital or analog – that does not use multi-channel wide dynamic range compression.
Edgar Villchur has written three books and over one hundred and fifty articles on high fidelity, sound reproduction, audio engineering, and hearing aid technology in both peer-reviewed scientific journals and popular magazines, including two articles written when he was ninety years old. At the 1995 meeting of the Acoustical Society of America he received the Life Achievement Award from the American Auditory Society.
Bibliography.
Sound reproduction.
Articles by Edgar Villchur
Hearing aids.
Articles by Edgar Villchur

</doc>
<doc id="19888916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888916" title="Špitalič pri Slovenskih Konjicah">
Špitalič pri Slovenskih Konjicah

Špitalič pri Slovenskih Konjicah is a small village in the Municipality of Slovenske Konjice in the Styria region of Slovenia.
The church in the village, dedicated to the Visitation of the Blessed Virgin Mary, is the only remaining part of the "Ecclesia minor" (lay monastery) associated with the nearby Carthusian monastery.

</doc>
<doc id="19888920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888920" title="CoSy">
CoSy

CoSy can refer to:
See also:

</doc>
<doc id="19888933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888933" title="Dirigent">
Dirigent

Dirigent may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19888940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888940" title="Chrysanthos of Madytos">
Chrysanthos of Madytos

Chrysanthos of Madytos (ca. 1770 – 1846) was a Greek poet, chanter, Archimandrite, and Archbishop, born in Madytos. In preparation of the first printed books of Orthodox chant, he was responsible for a reform of the Byzantine notation within the New Music School of the Patriarchate, along with Gregorios the Protopsaltes and Chourmouzios the Archivist who transcribed the traditional repertory into the Chrysanthine notation.

</doc>
<doc id="19888969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888969" title="Gotham Awards 2007">
Gotham Awards 2007

The 17th Gotham Independent Film Awards were awarded on 27 November 2007.
Winners and nominees.
Best Film.
'" "Into the Wild"
Best Film Not Playing at a Theater Near You.
"' "Frownland"
Breakthrough Actor.
'" Ellen Page - "Juno"
Breakthrough Director.
"' Craig Zobel - "Great World of Sound"

</doc>
<doc id="19888995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888995" title="Inam-ul-Haq (Lahore cricketer)">
Inam-ul-Haq (Lahore cricketer)

Inam-ul-Haq (born September 8, 1943) was a Pakistani cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm off-break bowler and wicket-keeper. He was born in Lahore.
Inam made his first-class debut in the Quaid-e-Azam Trophy competition of 1969/70, playing for Lahore B, for whom he took one wicket, and scored a duck in the only innings in which he batted.
Inam didn't make another first-class appearance for more than three years, playing for Pakistan Customs. Ul-Haq made six appearances for Pakistan Customs over the next four seasons, achieving a top score of 48 in his final first-class appearance, against Sargodha in 1975/76.
Inam, who started his career in the lower order, moved to the opening order by the end of his career.

</doc>
<doc id="19888998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19888998" title="Édouard Deperthes">
Édouard Deperthes

Pierre Joseph Édouard Deperthes (Édouard Deperthes) (31 July 1833–23 July 1898) was a French architect.
Early life.
Deperthes was born in Houdilcourt, a commune in the Ardennes in July 1833. He was the son of two farmers.
Education.
Around the time he was 18, Deperthes travelled to Reims to study architecture, and excelled under his teacher, known only as Mssr. Brunette, at that time the chief architect in Reims.
Early career.
He started his first project in 1855, at the age of 22 - working on the design of Lille Cathedral () in Lille. He co-operated with two architects known only by their surnames, Leblan and Reimbeau. He then aided in the reconstruction of Saint-Ambrose church in Paris in the same year.
Death.
He died in 1898 of unknown causes, aged 64, in Reims. He left two sons. He was buried in the Montparnasse Cemetery in Paris on 27 July 1898.

</doc>
<doc id="19889011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889011" title="Papyrus 16">
Papyrus 16

Papyrus 16 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by formula_116, is an early copy of the New Testament in Greek. It was originally a papyrus manuscript of the Pauline Corpus of letters, but now only contains Philippians 3:10-17; 4:2-8. The manuscript has been paleographically assigned to the late 3rd century. 
Description.
The manuscript is written in a documentary hand. There are about 37-38 lines per page. Grenfeld and Hunt conjectured that formula_115 and formula_116 might have been part of the same manuscript. Both manuscripts have the same formation of letters, line space, and punctuation.
The nomina sacra are written in an abbreviated way. The text was not corrected.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type (rather proto-Alexandrian). Aland placed it in Category I. This manuscript diverges from the text of UBS4 8 times, from Codex Vaticanus 9 times, and from Codex Sinaiticus 10 times. P16 diverges from readings of the majority of all New Testament manuscripts 11 times.
It is currently housed at the Egyptian Museum (JE 47424) in Cairo.

</doc>
<doc id="19889012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889012" title="Eduard Vilde">
Eduard Vilde

Eduard Vilde (4 March 1865 in Pudivere, Väike-Maarja Parish, Lääne-Viru County – 26 December 1933 in Tallinn) was an Estonian writer, a pioneer of critical realism in Estonian literature, and a diplomat. Author of classics such as "The War in Mahtra" and "The Milkman from Mäeküla". He was one of the most revered figures in Estonian literature and is generally credited as being the country's first professional writer. 
Life and career.
Vilde grew on the farm where his father worked. In 1883 he began working as a journalist. He spent a great deal of his life traveling abroad and he lived for some time in Berlin in the 1890s, where he was influenced by materialism and socialism. His writings were also guided by the realism and naturalism of the French writer Émile Zola (1840–1902). In addition to being a prolific writer, he was also an outspoken critic of Tsarist rule and of the German landowners. With the founding of the first Estonian republic in 1919, he served as an ambassador in Berlin for several years, and spent the last years of his life editing and revising an enormous volume of his collected works.

</doc>
<doc id="19889022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889022" title="Sarel van der Merwe">
Sarel van der Merwe

Sarel Daniel van der Merwe (born 5 December 1946) is a South African former rally driver, who was a multiple South African Rally Drivers Champion. He is sometimes referred to as "Supervan".
Van der Merwe won the South African Rally Drivers Championship a record eleven times in 1975, from 1977 to 1985 and in 1988. Van Der Merwe also drove one NASCAR Sprint Cup race at Watkins Glen for Hendrick Motorsports #17 Tide Chevrolet Lumina team in 1990 while the team's regular driver, Darrell Waltrip, was recuperating from a severe leg injury a month earlier, where he finished 24th; van der Merwe had attempted to qualify for the 1988 Daytona 500 in a Hendrick-owned car, but failed to make the race. He also held the SA Saloon Car Championship (1994), SA Modified Saloon Car Championship (1994 & 2001), and won the 1996 Castrol International Rally ending in Swaziland. He received his Springbok Colours in 1976 and his South African National Colours in 1997. In 2002, van der Merwe was awarded the Motorsport South African (MSA) Lifetime Achievement award.
Van der Merwe began his racing career in 1967 racing saloon cars. His international career took off in 1983 in the IMSA series in the USA, with his most notable win in the 1984 24 Hours of Daytona race driving for Kreepy Krauly Racing, an all-South African team in a March 83G-Porsche. He shared the win with Graham Duxbury and Tony Martin. Van der Merwe did exceptionally well in the 1984 24 Hours of Le Mans where he finished 3rd on debut. In the 1986 Le Mans race, Sarel pulled in a lap early and Jo Gartner took over. A lap later the suspension broke and the car veered off the Mulsanne Straight in the middle of the night and Gartner was killed.
His South African rallying days were extensive and colourfull, and he displayed spectacular driving skills even under severe weather conditions. He started off with a private D.K.W. around 1965, a motor car that had the reputation of being unbreakable, even so by "Van". He then moved up the ranks to sport a works-Ford Escort Mk II BDA (Belt Driven Assembly), the state-of-the-art machine around 1975−1979. The yellow car was jointly sponsored by the Ford Motor Company and Southern Suns hotel group, and later in the blue colours of Kreepy Krauly (South Africa). After leaving Ford because of a disagreement, "Supervan" had a short stint in the Datsun 160Y and Datsun Stanza, teamed up with U.K. rally ace Tony Pond around 1980. But van der Merwe always complained that his lanky body did not fit into the smaller Japanese cars. His final rally successes were in a factory team Audi Sport Quattro (1981−1986) with his rally swan song in the Volkswagen Golf front wheel drive hatchback in 1988. His co-driver/navigator was the ever-faithful Franz Boshoff, also a crowned Springbok, through all the years rallying with Ford, Datsun, Audi and Volkswagen.
He retired from competitive motor racing on 23 November 2002 after Round 12 of the Vodacom Power Tour at Kyalami.

</doc>
<doc id="19889025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889025" title="Tepezalá">
Tepezalá

Tepezalá is a town in the Mexican state of Aguascalientes. It stands at .
It servs as the municipal seat for the surrounding municipality of Tepezalá.
Tepezala is located on the foothills of the eastern mountains of the state, a land rich in minerals and arid in vegetation that was on the old Silver Route during the 16th century, which brought so much wealth to the region and help conquer the inhospitable north of Mexico. The town's mines made it famous and brought wealth to the state.

</doc>
<doc id="19889030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889030" title="Love at First Sight">
Love at First Sight

Love at first sight is a literary trope, in which a person feels an immediate romantic attraction for a stranger.
Love at First Sight may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19889041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889041" title="George Morton (Pilgrim Father)">
George Morton (Pilgrim Father)

George Morton or George Mourt (ca. 1585 – 1624) was an English Puritan Separatist. He was the publisher of, and perhaps helped write, the first account in Great Britain of the founding of Plymouth Colony, called Mourt's Relation.
Biography.
He was probably from Bawtry, South Yorkshire, England, and member of the Scrooby Congregation of separatists who eventually became the Mayflower Pilgrims. Morton, who had moved to Leyden, Holland with the congregation, stayed behind when the first settlers left for Plymouth, Massachusetts. He continued to orchestrate business affairs in Europe and London for their cause—presumably arranging for the 1622 publication of, and perhaps helping write, Mourt's Relation. In 1623 Morton himself emigrated on the ship "Anne" to Plymouth Colony with his wife Juliana Carpenter and her sister, Alice Southworth, who was to become the second wife of Governor William Bradford.
George Morton died in 1624, the year after he arrived in Plymouth. His widow Juliana then married Manasseh Kempton, who had also arrived in 1623 on the "Anne". After Morton's death, Governor Bradford took a keen interest in helping to raise the Morton children.
Family.
George Morton's children by his only wife, Juliana, were:
Notable descendants.
George Morton's descendants found prosperity in the New World and became leaders in business and government. Among the most notable are:

</doc>
<doc id="19889059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889059" title="Allyson Pollock">
Allyson Pollock

Allyson Pollock is professor of public health research and policy at Queen Mary, University of London. She was previously director of the Centre for International Public Health Policy at the University of Edinburgh and prior to that was head of the Public Health Policy Unit at University College London and director of research and development at University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust. She is known for her research into, and opposition to, part privatisation of the UK National Health Service (NHS) via the Private Finance Initiative (PFI) and other mechanisms.
Work on PFI.
Allyson Pollock has provided evidence to the British Parliament and the Welsh National Assembly regarding PFI. Under her directorship CIPHP provided evidence to the Scottish Parliament regarding PFI.
In their statements of evidence, Allyson Pollock and her co-researcher Mark Hellowell argue that capital investment through PFI creates a large public sector cash liability. For example, they claim that the £5.2bn of PFI investment in Scotland has created a public sector cash liability of £22.3bn. This cash liability is 'off balance-sheet' and does not show up on government statistics such as the Public Sector Borrowing Requirement (PSBR).
Pollock and Hellowell also claim that, although the UK government's support for PFI is based on its supposed ability to deliver good value for money, the mechanisms for testing this are skewed. While developing PFI proposals, contracting authorities such as NHS trusts are required to construct a theoretical alternative to the use of PFI, which compares the value for money offered by a public versus a private finance scheme. The publicly funded alternative is called a 'public sector comparator'. In theory, if this exercise concludes that PFI does not represent good value for money compared to public finance, then the latter should be used for the procurement. However, in practice this rarely happens.
The reasons for this are discussed in a paper co-written by Pollock and published in the British Medical Journal. Pollock "et al." conclude that the true risks of many privately financed contracts are not calculated correctly. They argue that the system involves a high degree of subjectivity regarding the value of the risk being transferred to the private sector. They take one example of an NHS project in which one of the risks theoretically being transferred was that the target for clinical cost savings would not be met. The cost of this risk was estimated at £5m. However, in practice the private consortium had no responsibility for ensuring that there would actually be clinical cost-savings, and faced no penalty if there were none. The paper concludes therefore that the risk transfer was "spurious".
Jeremy Colman, former deputy general of the National Audit Office and the current Auditor General for Wales has supported Pollock's findings. In a Financial Times article he is quoted as saying that many PFI appraisals suffer from "spurious precision" and others are based on "pseudo-scientific mumbo-jumbo". Some, he says, are simply "utter rubbish". He noted the pressures on contracting authorities to weight their appraisal in favour of taking their projects down the PFI route: "If the answer comes out wrong you don't get your project. So the answer doesn't come out wrong very often."

</doc>
<doc id="19889080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889080" title="Tubb 2000">
Tubb 2000

The Tubb 2000 (also known as the T2K) rifle is produced in the United States by the McMillan Brothers Rifle Company. It was designed by 11-time NRA Highpower Rifle Champion David Tubb for long-range target shooting.
Like the Accuracy International AW, the Tubb 2000's barrel can be changed by the end-user, allowing the same rifle to support various calibers.

</doc>
<doc id="19889092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889092" title="RAF Graveley">
RAF Graveley

RAF Graveley is a former Royal Air Force station located south of Huntingdon.
Station history.
No. 35 Squadron RAF.
The first Squadron to move to Graveley was 35 Sqn (No. XXXV Squadron) RAF in August 1942 using the Handley Page Halifax (which it had used since 1940) it became a pathfinder unit, forming part of No. 8 Group. In March 1944 the squadron re-equipped with the Avro Lancaster.
No. 629 Squadron RAF.
629 Sqn was formed on 1 January 1944 at RAF Graveley, equipped with Mosquito IV bombers, as part of the Light Night Striking Force of No. 8 Group RAF in Bomber Command. It reequipped with the Mosquito XVI bombers in March.
In popular culture.
Part of the filming for the 1967 movie picture "'Robbery" (which was based on the The Great Train Robbery) was filmed at the airfield with a number of exterior shots showing parts of the airfield.
Current use.
The airfield is mostly agriculture with a few buildings surviving.

</doc>
<doc id="19889099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889099" title="Dai Ward">
Dai Ward

David "Dai" Ward (16 July 1934 – 16 January 1996) was a Welsh former professional footballer and Wales international. During his career in The Football League, he averaged a goal every other game, scoring 160 goals in 316 matches between 1954 and 1965.
Career.
Ward began his career at his hometown side Barry Town and his prolific goalscoring exploits led a number of teams to take an interest in him. He eventually signed for Bristol Rovers but it was a number of years before he managed to hold down a regular place in the side due to the presence of one of the clubs all-time greats in Geoff Bradford. Eventually handed a chance in the side he responded by scoring nine times in his first eight games. His most prolific season for the club was in 1958–59 when he finished the season with 27 goals in 38 matches and it was this form that resulted in him earning his first cap for Wales in a 2–2 draw with England on 26 November 1958 in the 1959 British Home Championship.
Ward's spell at the club turned sour when he fell out with manager Bert Tann and began a bitter battle to leave the club, even at one time threatening to quit football entirely unless he was allowed to leave. He left the club in February 1961 to return to his home country to sign for Cardiff City. In his first full season at the club he finished as the top scorer with 17 goals and was handed his second Wales cap in a 1–1 draw with England on 14 October 1961. However his efforts could not stop the club being relegated from Division One and the following season he fell out of favour and was allowed to join Watford, where he spent one year before finishing his professional career at Brentford.

</doc>
<doc id="19889138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889138" title="Desiccation tolerance">
Desiccation tolerance

Desiccation tolerance refers to the ability of an organism to withstand or endure extreme dryness, or drought-like conditions. Plants and animals living in arid or periodically arid environments such as temporary streams or ponds may face the challenge of desiccation, therefore physiological or behavioral adaptations to withstand these periods are necessary to ensure survival. In particular, insects occupy a wide range of ecologically diverse niches and, so, exhibit a variety of strategies to avoid desiccation. 
In general, desiccation resistance in insects is measured by the change in mass during dry conditions. The overall mass difference between measurements before and after aridity exposure is attributed to body water loss, as respiratory water loss is generally considered negligible. 
Types of desiccation resistance.
There are three main ways in which insects can increase their tolerance to desiccation: by increasing their total body water content; by reducing the rate of body water loss; and by tolerating a larger proportion of overall water loss from the body. Survival time is determined by initial water content, and can be calculated by dividing water loss tolerance (the maximum amount of water that may be removed without resulting in death) by water loss rate.
Increasing body water content.
Insects with a higher initial body water content have better survival rates during arid conditions than insects with a lower initial body water content. Higher amounts of internal body water lengthen the time necessary to remove the amount of water required to kill the organism. The way in which body water content is increased may differ depending on the species.
The accumulation of glycogen during the insect larval stage has been linked to increased body water content and is likely a source of metabolic water during dry conditions. Glycogen, a glucose polysaccharide, acts as an oxidative energy source during times of physiological stress. Because it binds up to five times its weight in bulk water, insects with increased levels of body glycogen also have higher amounts of internal water. In general, insects selected for desiccation resistance also exhibit longer larval stages than those sensitive to desiccation. This increase in development time is likely a response to the environment, allowing larvae more time to accumulate glycogen, and therefore more water before eclosion. 
Another possible source contributing to higher levels of initial body water in insects is hemolymph volume. The insect equivalent to blood, hemolymph is the fluid found within the hemocoel, and is the largest pool of extracellular water within the insect body. In the fruit-fly "Drosophila melanogaster", flies selected for desiccation resistance also yielded higher amounts of hemolymph. Higher hemolymph volume is linked to an increase in carbohydrates, in particular trehalose, a common sugar found in many plants and animals with high desiccation resistance. "Drosophila melanogaster" flies selected for desiccation resistance show a 300% increase in hemolymph volume compared to control flies, correlating to a similar increase in trehalose levels. During periods of aridity, cells dehydrate and draw upon hemolymph stores to replenish intracellular water; therefore, insects with higher levels of this fluid are less prone to desiccation. 
Insects may also increase body water content by simply feeding more often. Because sugar is slowly absorbed into the hemolymph at each meal, increasing the frequency at which the insect ingests a sugar source also increases its desiccation tolerance. Furthermore, the crop may also act not only to store food prior to digestion but to provide an additional reservoir for water and sugar.
Reducing rate of water loss.
Another strategy used to reduce the risk of death by dehydration is to reduce the rate at which water is lost. The three main ways through which insects can lose water are (1) the surface of the body (integument); (2) the tracheae (respiration); and (3) excretion, or waste products. The important feature in reducing water loss in land snails during inactivity is an epiphragm.
Integument.
The exoskeleton or integument of insects acts as an impermeable, protective layer against desiccation. It is composed of an outer epicuticle, underlain by an procuticle that itself may be further divided into an exo- and endocuticle. The endocuticle provides the insect with toughness and flexibility and the hard exocuticle serves to protect vulnerable body parts. However, the outer cuticular layer (epicuticle) is a protein-polyphenol complex made up of lipoproteins, fatty acids, and waxy molecules, and is the insect’s primary defense against water loss. Many insect orders secrete an additional cement layer over their wax layer, likely to protect against the abrasion or removal of waxy molecules. This layer is composed of lipids and proteins held together by polyphenolic compounds and is secreted by the dermal glands. 
In general, the rate of water loss in insects is low at moderate temperatures. Once a species-specific critical temperature (Tc) is reached, as temperatures continue to increase, rapid water loss occurs. The “lipid melting model” is used to explain this sudden increase in the rate of water loss. The lipid melting model states that increased cuticular water loss is directly related to the melting of surface lipids. Insects already adapted to more arid environments have a higher Tc; that is, their cuticular properties change and lipid structures melt at a higher critical temperature. 
In some insects, the rate of cuticular water loss is controlled to some extent by the neuroendocrine system. Immediately following head removal, decapitated cockroaches exhibit a large increase in transpiration across the cuticle, leading to severe dehydration. Injection of brain hormones into freshly separated bodies results in a sharp reduction in cuticular water loss.
Tracheae.
In general, insects adapted to arid environments also have an impermeable cuticular membrane that prevents water loss. Therefore, a majority of water lost to the atmosphere occurs via the air-filled tracheae. To help reduce water loss, many insects have outer coverings to their tracheae, or spiracles, which shut when open respiration is unnecessary and prevent water from escaping. Insects at a greater risk for water loss face the challenge of either a depleted oxygen supply or desiccation, leading to an adaptive increase in tracheal volume in order to receive more oxygen.
Excretion.
Following feeding, most insects retain enough water to completely hydrate their bodies, excreting the remainder. However, the amount of water excreted differs between species, and depends on the relative humidity and dryness of the environment. For example, Tsetse flies maintained at a high relative humidity, and thus non-arid conditions, excrete fecal matter with approximately 75% water content, whereas Tsetse flies maintained at a low relative humidity, and thus dry conditions, excrete fecal matter with only 35% water content. This adaptation helps minimize water loss in unfavorable conditions and increase chances of survival.
Tolerating greater water loss.
Most insects can tolerate a 30-50% loss of body water; however, insects adapted to dry environments can tolerate a 40-60% loss of body water. Initial body size also plays a large role in how much water loss can be tolerated, and, in general, larger insects can tolerate a larger percentage of body water loss than smaller insects. The female beetle "Alphitobius diaperinus", for example, is larger than its male counterpart and can thus tolerate 4% more water loss. It is hypothesized that larger insects have increased lipid reserves, preventing dehydration and desiccation.
Behavior modification.
In addition to physiological adaptations that increase desiccation resistance, behavioral responses of insects to arid environments significantly decrease dehydration potential. "Drosophila melanogaster" fruit flies, for example, will actively move to areas with higher atmospheric water content when placed in dry environments. Also, the dung beetle buries food in underground chambers, thereby ensuring water and energy sources during periodically dry conditions. Feeding location may also be altered to ensure body hydration. Some caterpillars preferentially feed on the underside of leaves, where microclimate has higher relative humidity. In a highly time-consuming activity such as feeding, these insects significantly reduce their chances of desiccation.
Cryptobiosis (Anhydrobiosis).
Cryptobiosis refers to the state of an organism that has no detectable metabolic activity, resulting from extreme and unfavorable environmental conditions; anhydrobiosis refers to the state of surviving the loss of (almost) all body water. Although this state is commonly observed in invertebrates, only one insect is known to be cryptobiotic (anhydrobiotic), the African chironomid "Polypedilum vanderplanki". "Polypedilum vanderplanki" undergoes anhydrobiosis, a cryptobiotic state wherein the body is completely dehydrated. The larvae of "P. vanderplanki" inhabit rock pools that commonly dry out completely. In response, "P. vanderplanki" larvae enter an anhydrobiotic state, during which changes in body osmolarity trigger the production of large amounts of trehalose. Due to its capacity for water replacement and vitrification, the accumulation of trehalose prevents the death of the larvae from water loss.

</doc>
<doc id="19889163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889163" title="Julie Harhart">
Julie Harhart

Julie Harhart has represented the 183rd Legislative District of Pennsylvania, USA, since 1994. She is the Republican Chairman of the House Local Government Committee and a member of the House Professional Licensure Committee.
Career.
Prior to her election to the House, Harhart was a legislative aide.
Personal.
Harhart is a 1963 graduate of Allentown Central Catholic High School and graduated from Bethlehem Business School in 1965.
She and her husband reside in North Catasauqua, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="19889166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889166" title="Robert S. Williams">
Robert S. Williams

Robert S. Williams (born 1949) is an American bassoonist. He has been Principal Bassoonist of the Detroit Symphony Orchestra since September 1974. Prior to that appointment he was solo bassoonist with the Winnipeg Symphony, Winnipeg CBC Orchestra, Colorado Philharmonic and Tucson Symphony. He has also played summer engagements with the Minnesota Orchestra and Boston Symphony at Tanglewood.
In addition to his duties with the Detroit Symphony, Williams plays in the CutTime Players, the Neo-Bubonic Bassoon Quartet, the DSO Bassoon Quartet, the DSO Woodwind Quintet, the Bellingham Music Festival and the Grand Teton Music Festival. He teaches at Wayne State University and has been on the music faculties of the Aspen Music School and Festival, University of Michigan, Michigan State University, the Grand Teton Orchestra Training Institute, Claremont Music Festival and the Utah Music Festival. He has also given master classes at Tanglewood, the University of Michigan, Michigan State University and the University of Arizona.
Williams can be heard on all of the Detroit Symphony recordings conducted by former Music Director Antal Doráti on the London/Decca label, as well as the recordings on the Chandos label led by Neeme Järvi.
A native of Tucson, Arizona, he graduated with honors from the University of Arizona and did postgraduate work at the University of Southern California. His major bassoon teachers include Wendal Jones, Leonard Sharrow and Norman Herzberg.
Together with his wife Treva Womble (solo English hornist with the Detroit Symphony), he is the owner of Womble/Williams Double Reeds, a home business that specializes in products for the oboe and bassoon. They are authorized Fox dealers, produce bassoon cane and sell supplies for both oboe and bassoon. Williams plays on a red maple, gold-plated Fox model 601 bassoon, built in South Whitley, Indiana, in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19889174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889174" title="Wu Leichuan">
Wu Leichuan

Wu Leichuan () (1870–1944) was a leading Chinese theologian in the early 20th century.
Biography.
From his childhood, Wu poured his energy into mastering the Confucian classics and working his way up through the imperial examinations, obtaining the level of Jìnshì (進士) in 1898 in Beijing after passing the metropolitan and imperial examinations. He converted to Christianity in 1915 and became Yenching University's first Chinese vice-president and chancellor between 1926 and 1934.
Confucianism and Christianity.
During the Anti-Christian movement of the 1920s, Wu wrote prolifically in an attempt to fuse Christian theology with Confucian concepts. He argued that important Christian values had Confucian counterparts: love as ren (仁), prayer with self-cultivation (修养), and Christmas as a time to celebrate the birthdays of Christ and Confucius. Wu also drew parallels between the Christian Bible and the Confucian Zhongyong, from the Genesis 2:7 creation account with Zhongyong chapter 1 to the Messiah of Isaiah 11:1-10 with the Zhongyong savior in chapter 31.

</doc>
<doc id="19889183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889183" title="Coat pocket">
Coat pocket

Most jackets have a variety of inner pockets, and two main outer pockets, which are generally either patch pockets, flap pockets, or jetted pockets.
The patch pocket is, with its single extra piece of cloth sewn directly onto the front of the jacket, a sporting option, sometimes seen on summer linen suits, or other informal styles.
The jetted flap pocket is standard for hip pockets, with a small strip of fabric taping the top and bottom of the slit for the pocket. It has a lined flap of matching fabric covering the top of the pocket, sewn in along the seam of the jetting. This flap was initially created to protect the contents of the pocket from any rain, and is therefore traditionally meant to be tucked in when indoors, leaving the jettings exposed for show. However, because this fact is now often ignored and the flap is seen as an accessory that completes the style, it is commonly left out indoors, even during formal events.
A jetted pocket with no flap is most formal. This style is most often on seen on formalwear, such as a dinner jacket.
In addition to the standard two outer pockets, some suits have a third, the ticket pocket, usually located just above the right pocket and roughly half as wide. While this was originally exclusively a feature of country suits, used for conveniently storing a train ticket, it is now seen on some town suits. Another country feature also worn sometimes in cities is a pair of hacking pockets, which are similar to normal ones, but slanted; this was originally designed to make the pockets easier to open on horseback while hacking, also called pleasure riding.

</doc>
<doc id="19889214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889214" title="Shehab Kankoune">
Shehab Kankoune

Shehab Kankoune () (born 28 April 1981) is a Kuwaiti footballer who plays for Kazma Sporting Club in the Kuwaiti Premier League. He is a goalkeeper.
Kankoune played for Kuwait at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney.

</doc>
<doc id="19889259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889259" title="Despotate of Angelokastron and Lepanto">
Despotate of Angelokastron and Lepanto

The Despotate of Angelokastron and Lepanto was a short-lived despotate ruled by the Albanian chieftain Gjin Bua Shpata, in the late medieval period including parts of Western Greece. It was created after the defeat of Nikephoros II Orsini, Despot of Epirus in the Battle of Achelous, in 1359 and ceased to exist in 1374, when its ruler unified the territory with the Despotate of Arta.

</doc>
<doc id="19889298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889298" title="Swimming at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 50 metre freestyle S2">
Swimming at the 2008 Summer Paralympics – Men's 50 metre freestyle S2

The men's 50 metre freestyle S2 event at the 2008 Paralympic Games took place on September 13, at the Beijing National Aquatics Center. 
Two heats were held, with five swimmers each. The swimmers with the eight fastest times advanced to the final; there, they all competed in a single final heat to earn final placements.
Final.
[http://www.paralympic.org/ipc_results/results2pdf.php?sport=swimming&competition=2008PG&gender=m&discipline=&event=50+m+Freestyle&eclass=S2]

</doc>
<doc id="19889316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889316" title="Papyrus 17">
Papyrus 17

Papyrus 17 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), signed by formula_117, is an early copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Epistle to the Hebrews, but only contains verses 9:12-19. The manuscript has been paleographically assigned to the 4th century. However, according to Philip Comfort it is from the late 3rd century.
Description.
The leaf is in fragmentary condition (originally 19 by 25 cm). The text fills in where Codex Vaticanus is vacant (from Hebrews 9:14).
The Nomina Sacra are used throughout. The scribe used marks for punctation between verses 12 and 13, and between 15 and 16. It has no itacistic errors.
The Greek text of this codex is representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Aland placed it in Category II. 
It was discovered by Lord Crawford in Egypt. The text was edited in 1911 by Grenfell and Hunt.
Currently housed at the Cambridge University Library (Add. 5893) in Cambridge.

</doc>
<doc id="19889323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889323" title="Die So Fluid">
Die So Fluid

Die So Fluid are an English hard rock band that formed in London, England in 2000. The group consists of 3 members, songwriter Grog (vocals, bass), Drew Richards (guitar), and Al Fletcher (drums, backing vocals). They have released 3 full length albums, Spawn of Dysfunction and Not Everybody Gets a Happy Ending. The third album, The World Is Too Big For One Lifetime, was released in the UK in June 2010.
Career.
History.
Die So Fluid were formed after the disbanding of Feline & Ultraviolet. When EMI dropped Feline in 1999, they went on to form Ultraviolet adding 
Al Fletcher as the full-time drummer. Ultraviolet released a single and an EP on Sanctuary Records Group and disbanded shortly thereafter.
Drew: "" When we did Ultraviolet it was basically Feline under a different name because we got dropped by the record company and we wanted to do another deal. Then we realised that ploy, that cynical ploy was not going to pay off and we thought, right we want to do the music that we want to do now and that meant kicking out the other guitar player who wasn't really into that sort of music, and making a deliberate decision not to sort of kiss up to anyone in the business anymore and to start doing everything for ourselves. "" 
"Operation Hypocrite" EP, "Spawn Of Dysfunction" (2000-2005).
Die So Fluid first surfaced in 2000, touring the United Kingdom after the release of their debut Operation Hypocrite EP, on Raw Power, an imprint of 
Sanctuary. Die So Fluid released one single on Sanctuary following the EP before forming their own 
label, Cartesian. Once Cartesian was established Die So Fluid released one single before releasing their debut album, "Spawn of Dysfunction", the following
year. The recording of the album was financed by Grog's session work as live bassist for Melanie Chisholm and Kelly Osbourne. Whilst Grog was away on tour 'fund-raising' Al Fletcher performed drums on various recording sessions including Lee "Scratch" Perry's Jamaican E.T. which won the 2003 Grammy Award for 'Best reggae Album'. Drew Richards spent this time writing and producing the original score for the documentary feature film The Mindscape of Alan Moore. "Spawn of Dysfunction" was universally well received and is still selling through the major chains of the UK and iTunes worldwide. After the album was released,
the band went on an intense touring schedule, supporting bands like Drowning Pool, Vex Red, Clawfinger, Boy Hits Car, Feeder,
Girlschool, AntiProduct, & The Wildhearts.
"Not Everybody Gets A Happy Ending" (2005-2009).
The recording sessions for their second album, "Not Everybody Gets a Happy Ending", started in 2005, but were not finished until 2007 due to financial restrictions. The title was taken from the notion that the album may never be completed. At the 13th hour investment from a private individual, who has remained the band's patron ever since, made finishing the record possible. The band decided to release the album on Parole Records, based in Finland, keeping the release independent. Two digital singles were released from 2007 - 2008 in support of the album "Happy Halloween" and "Existential Baby". When the album was released in February 2008, it immediately entered the retail sales charts. Known for their diligent touring, Die So Fluid engaged in another massive tour, appearing in nearly 20 different countries in 2009. Apart from headlining some festivals, Die So Fluid toured with bands like Eisbrecher, Mindless Self Indulgence, My Ruin, Ill Niño, Maj Karma, & Prong.
"The World Is Too Big For One Lifetime" (2010-2011).
"The World Is Too Big for One Lifetime" was released in June 2010 on the Global Music DR2 label. As with previous releases it received very strong reviews from the alternative press whilst mostly slipping under the radar of the mainstream media. The album has kept a steady presence in specialist sales charts, such as Amazon's alternative metal chart, and in a diverse selection of territories thanks mainly to consistent touring, word of mouth and support from the alternative press and webzines. They have also proven themselves to be very adept at crossing over to quite different music audiences whether it be the goths of the Wave-Gotik-Treffen or the classic rock fans of Hard Rock Hell or the indie pop fans when supporting Mindless Self Indulgence. Two singles were drawn from "The World Is Too Big for One Lifetime" - "Mercury" and "What a heart is for". The singles were available for download only and accompanied by videos shot by director David Kenny.
"The Opposites Of Light" (2014).
This is the working title for the forthcoming album. Writing and pre production was completed in early 2012 and recording started in earnest in December 2012. Drums, Bass and Strings were recorded at Unit 2, West London, Guitars recorded at Drew's studio in North London and Vocals were recorded by Grog in Los Angeles. 12 tracks were mixed by Mark Williams and 6 by Drew Richards. It has now been mastered, one video completed and another in production. Although the album will play host to some of the heaviest tracks the band have yet recorded the album will also contain material almost 'torch song' in nature. Thus the album is to be presented as a double to draw a line between the two moods. On Nov 6 a video for the first track to be released from this album, entitled 'Black Blizzard' was released on YouTube. The track was released as a single on the band's Vorvolaka label on Nov 15th.

</doc>
<doc id="19889330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889330" title="Giovanni Sala">
Giovanni Sala

Giovanni Sala (born 23 November, 1963) is an Italian enduro rider and a six-time World Enduro Champion (including the overall world championship title in 1998). He is also a four-time winner of the International Six Days Enduro (ISDE) World Trophy with Team Italy (in 1992, 1994, 1997 and 2000), and was the fastest overall in the competition in 1992, 1996 and 1997.
Sala competed his whole world championship career with KTM. He won his first title in the 500 cc class in 1993, and went on to take the 250 cc 2-stroke titles in 1994, 1995 and 1998. In 1999, he won his final WEC title in the 400 cc world championship. Sala retired from the World Enduro Championship after the 2004 season, but has continued competing in the Italian Enduro Championship, where he has won several titles, and in the motorcycle class of the Dakar Rally. At the 2006 Dakar, Sala finished third.

</doc>
<doc id="19889333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889333" title="Harvey Ellis">
Harvey Ellis

Harvey Ellis (Oct. 17,1852, Rochester, New York - Jan. 2, 1904, Syracuse, New York) was an architect, perspective renderer and painter. He worked in Rochester, New York; Utica, New York; St. Paul, Minnesota; Minneapolis, Minnesota; St. Joseph, Missouri; St. Louis, Missouri and Syracuse, New York.
Early Life in Rochester.
Ellis was born in Rochester on October 17, 1852, the oldest of four sons of Dewitt and Eliza Haseltine Ellis. Childhood drawings suggest an unusual artistic aptitude. After public grade school and, for a while, a private high school academy in Rochester, Ellis entered the United States Military Academy at West Point in 1871 but was among the first-year cadets discharged after seven months for academic insufficiency, in his case in French and mathematics.
During the next five years Ellis moved about between Albany, Rochester and New York. Documentation of this phase of his life is scarce. Family correspondence reveals that in New York in 1875 he supported himself by working part-time as a draftsman in an engineering firm. He is thought to have studied painting with Edwin White and architecture with Arthur Gilman; although plausible, these claims have resisted verification. It also has been said that he worked for Henry Hobson Richardson; however, that is unlikely. Ellis made no such assertion, and there is no record of him in Richardson's archives. 
In 1877, Ellis, by then an artist with maturing skills, returned to Rochester where he became one of the founders of the Rochester Art Club. In 1879 while simultaneously functioning as an artist, art teacher and active club member, he and his brother Charles established the architectural firm of H. and C. S. Ellis. Charles was adept at soliciting business, some of it through family connections, while Harvey did the designing. He was briefly assisted by a well paid non-family employee, E. Havelock Hand. During the next six years, the firm produced many Queen Anne residential, commercial and civic buildings. Most of them disappeared as Rochester expanded, and today little is known about them except their names and original locations. A popular but erroneous belief is that Harvey also designed the United States Court House and Post Office in Rochester, that serves as Rochester City Hall. Extensive documentation in the National Archives reveals that this building, like other government structures throughout the country at this time, was designed in the Office of the Supervising Architect of the United States Treasury.
There are biographical gaps for parts of 1885 and 1886. Newspaper accounts of his testimony as a witness in a jury trial, in which Charles was the defendant, place Harvey still in Rochester in early 1885, but that autumn he submitted an entry for a competition for a monument for General Ulysses Grant from Utica, New York. It won first prize and publication in the nationally circulated "American Architect and Building News". Several plein air watercolor sketches, identified in his hand as sites in France and dated with just the year 1885, imply a European trip. Census records reveal that he married that year. Speculation leads to a question: could a trip to France in 1885 have been a wedding trip with his bride as well as a sketching trip for him? His competition design is often described as Richardsonian, but it likely also reflected his personal responses to certain medieval buildings that he could have seen in France.
Midwestern Years.
The city directory for St. Paul, Minnesota, places him there by, at the latest, mid-1886, the first stop in what would become a seven-year midwestern odyssey. He first worked for Charles Mould, replacing Mould's departing chief draftsman, H. E. Hand, transposed initials notwithstanding presumably the same well paid draftsman who previously had worked for the Ellises in Rochester. Perhaps he was the link between Rochester and the Midwest. Ellis's work for Mould is unknown. Signed and dated perspective renderings place him later that year in the office of J. Walter Stevens, for whom, among other projects, he produced an entry for the Detroit Museum of Fine Arts competition.
Ellis has often been viewed as a midwestern journeyman draftsman, no different from others in the band of able but lowly paid draftsmen who moved in the Midwest from office to office, from city to city, wherever there was work, content to collect their pay at the end of the week. Decades later they were called journeymen draftsmen. Ellis did indeed move often during this phase of his life, but he was not just one of the journeymen draftsmen. By the time he arrived in St. Paul, he had become an acclaimed artist and a leading figure in the arts community of Rochester; for six years he had been a principal in a successful architectural firm in Rochester; and he had won a national architectural design competition. Each time he moved in the Midwest there was an important design competition in the offing in the city to which he migrated. Architectural firms seemingly sought his services, paid him significantly more than other employees; and with each move he traded up in terms of professional opportunity.
For each of his designs, Ellis made a so-called show drawing, usually a technically dazzling pen-and-ink perspective rendering, which Buffington and other employers submitted to the weekly "American Architect and Building News" and, sometimes, the monthly "Inland Architect". Since few of these designs were built, fewer still stand today, and many of Ellis's original renderings have disappeared, the published renderings provide a trail of his evolution as a designer. Because his beautiful renderings appeared in widely disseminated magazines, Ellis quickly became one of the most influential perspective renderers in the country, and both his architectural and drawing mannerisms were soon imitated by dozens of other architects and delineators. Some of their work was signed, some was not, and decades later some of it was mistakenly attributed to Ellis. The concept that Ellis deliberately shunned professional acclaim by producing anonymous or pseudonymous work allowed such attributions. Separating the work of other delineators from that of Ellis is facilitated by the sometimes overlooked fact that, with but very few exceptions, Ellis signed his renderings just as he signed his paintings. Connoisseurship also helps. Ellis was proud of his achievements and with his signature claimed his rightful place in the world of architecture and painting. 
By mid-1889 Ellis had joined the firm of Eckel and Mann in St. Joseph, Missouri, as its most highly paid employee. He produced a few Richardsonian projects, but Chateauesque forms also soon appeared. His most important project was the Chateauesque design for the 1890 St. Louis City Hall competition, which won the first prize and the job for the firm. In early 1891 George Mann moved to St.Louis to oversee construction of the city hall, and he also established a solo practice there. Later that year, after a brief time back in Minneapolis, where he produced a Beaux-Arts library design for Buffington, Ellis joined Mann in St. Louis. Certain projects continued in the Chateauesque vein, but Beaux-Arts forms and details soon became more prevalent. His projects for the ephemeral firm of Randall, Ellis and Baker reverted to a Richardsonian mode, rather outdated by then.
Later Life in Rochester.
As the economic Panic of 1893 swiftly enveloped the country, architectural offices in Missouri and everywhere else were diminished or closed, and that year Ellis's midwestern sojourn ended. He returned to Rochester and the practice his brother had maintained that then became known as Charles S. Ellis and Harvey Ellis, Architects. Most of their commissions at this time apparently were similar to the kinds of modest projects that they had started with sixteen years earlier. Their names are known, but there is little visual information about them. Painting and graphic design, not architecture, became Ellis's main intellectual focus after he returned to Rochester. His technical skills enabled him to master different pictorial modes of the day: traditional generic illusionism, Tonalism, Japonism, the more abstract precepts of Arthur Wesley Dow and, via Dow, the avant-garde art of Paul Gauguin. In 1897 several of Ellis's architectural designs began to reflect English Arts and Crafts architectural trends, and that same year he was one of the founders of the Rochester Arts and Crafts Society, apparently the first such organization in the country. For the rest of his life he was immersed in the American Arts and Crafts movement.
Syracuse and "The Craftsman".
Ellis's path and that of Gustav Stickley, the de facto leader of the American movement, eventually crossed, for Ellis, the president of the society, was in charge of installing Stickley's famous large 1903 Arts and Crafts exhibition in its Rochester venue, the Mechanics Institute. Shortly after that Ellis moved to Syracuse, New York, to join the expanding architecture department of Stickley's United Crafts organization. A number of unsigned illustrations that appear in Stickley's "Craftsman" magazine during the last half of 1903 have sometimes been attributed to Ellis. However, just six complete architectural designs (five were signed and one was unsigned); two signed projects that reside more in the realm of interior decoration than architecture per se; and one architectural essay devoid of illustrations were actually his work. Two of his paintings also appeared as "Craftsman" frontispieces. Ellis depicted furniture in the interior perspectives and elevations of his "Craftsman" residential designs, just as he had done in other situations, years earlier for Buffington for example. His intention was to demonstrate total aesthetic harmony between architecture and appropriate furnishings. There has never been a suggestion, then or now, that he designed the furniture he depicted for Buffington; however, long after their publication, his "Craftsman" renderings began to be interpreted to mean that he designed the furniture as well as drew it. This idea overlooked the fact that Ellis had no experience as a furniture designer and had been hired to work in the architecture department. The lightly scaled furniture in most of his illustrations, which differed significantly from the massive items previously often seen in "The Craftsman", reflected newer design trends that Stickley began to promote after his Arts and Crafts exhibition. It was more likely designed by employees in his furniture department, such as LaMont Warner, for example, who responded to items Stickley had collected for the exhibition. 
In contrast to this explanation are the comments of appraiser John Solo on Antiques Roadshow in 2011. Describing a sheet music cabinet, Solo said, The view of Ellis as designing the "golden age" of Stickley furniture is widespread. During Ellis' tenure, Craftsman designs showed a "lighter note" than later "blunt, straightforward, and unadorned" pieces after his death. A signature feature of the Ellis period is the use of purely decorative inlays, that disappear afterwards. He also introduced curved lower edges to horizontal rails that visually lightened Stickley's earlier designs. This "light touch" has been described as the influence of both Voysey and Mackintosh.
His time with Stickley was brief, for just seven months after moving to Syracuse, Ellis died there on January 2, 1904, of heart disease at the age of fifty-two. A convert to Roman Catholicism, he was buried in an unmarked grave in St. Agnes Cemetery in Syracuse. In 1997 the Arts and Crafts Society of Central New York honored him with a simple, dignified granite marker for his grave bearing his name, a Latin cross and the word Architect.
Representative Selection of Work.
Buildings marked "NRHP" are on the National Register of Historic Places:
Architectural Designs for H. and C S. Ellis
Architectural Designs for J. Walter Stevens
Architectural Designs for Leroy S. Buffington
Architectural Designs for G. W. and F. D. Orff
Architectural Designs for Eckel and Mann
Architectural Designs for George Mann
Architectural Designs for Randall, Ellis and Baker
Architectural Designs for Charles S. and Harvey Ellis, Architects
Architectural Designs for "The Craftsman"
Pictorial Art: Paintings, Drawings and Graphic Designs
Images of two Ellis prints are available at the Rochester Institute of Technology's Art on Campus website. 
Images of a drawing and a watercolor painting by Ellis are on the website of the University of Rochester's Memorial Art Gallery 

</doc>
<doc id="19889357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889357" title="Conchopoma">
Conchopoma

Conchopoma is an extinct genus of lungfish which lived during the Carboniferous and Permian period. Fossils have been found in United States.

</doc>
<doc id="19889391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889391" title="Richard Byrnes">
Richard Byrnes

Richard Byrnes (1832 – June 10, 1864) was an Irish-American officer in the United States Army, who rose to command the Union Army's Irish Brigade during the American Civil War.
Life.
Byrnes was born in County Cavan, Ireland, and emigrated to New York in 1844. In 1851, he enlisted in the regular army of the United States, joining the 2nd U.S. Cavalry, a regiment then commanded by Colonel E. V. Sumner. In this regiment young Byrnes distinguished himself in the Indian campaigns in Florida and Oregon.
At the breaking out of the American Civil War he was, on the recommendation of his old commander, Colonel Sumner, commissioned First Lieutenant in the 5th U.S. Cavalry, one of the new regiments authorized by Congress. During the campaigns of 1861 and 1862 he remained with the regiment of regulars and was then appointed by Governor John Albion Andrew, Colonel of the 28th Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry Regiment, an Irish regiment of which he took command, October 18, 1862. In the November following, this regiment was attached to Thomas Francis Meagher's Irish Brigade and with it participated in all the fierce fighting in which the Army of the Potomac was subsequently engaged.
At its head Colonel Byrnes charged up the slope of Marye's Heights at the Battle of Fredericksburg, and after it, like the other regiments of the brigade, had been almost wiped out in the sanguinary conflicts at Chancellorsville and Gettysburg, he was sent back to Massachusetts to recruit its ranks during the winter and spring of 1863 and 1864. When the campaign reopened in May he returned to the front and as the senior officer took command of the Irish Brigade.
Two weeks after assuming command, on June 3, 1864, Colonel Byrnes fell, mortally wounded, while leading the brigade at the attack on the entrenchments at Cold Harbor, Virginia. He lived long enough to be conveyed to Washington, where his wife reached him before he died. His commission as brigadier general had just been made out by President Abraham Lincoln, but he was dead before it could be officially presented to him so his promotion to brigadier general did not become effective. His remains were sent to New York and buried in Calvary Cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="19889406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889406" title="Papyrus 18">
Papyrus 18

Papyrus 18 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by formula_118, is an early copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Book of Revelation, it contains only Rev 1:4-7. It is written on the verso of a scroll of Exodus. The text on recto contains end of Chapter 40 of Exodus, it is dated to the end of 2nd century. The nomina sacra are written in an abbreviated way.
The manuscript paleographically had been assigned to the 3rd or 4th century. 
Description.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Aland placed it in Category I.
It is currently housed at the British Library (Inv. 2053v) in London.
Text.
<poem>
[ταις εν τη] Ασια χαρις υμειν και ειρη
[νος και απο τ[ων επτα πνευμα
[τ]ου και απο Ιη Χρ ο μαρτυς ο πι
και ο αρχων των βασιλεων της γης
[μ]ας εκ των αμαρτων ημων εν
[βα]σ[ιλ]ειαν ιερεις του θ[υ]ω και π[α]τρι
[εις το]υς αιωνας αμην ιδου
[και οψε]ται αυτον πας οφθαλ
</poem>

</doc>
<doc id="19889413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889413" title="Gryazovets–Vyborg gas pipeline">
Gryazovets–Vyborg gas pipeline

Gryazovets–Vyborg gas pipeline () is a branch pipeline of the Northern Lights pipeline from Gryazovets in central part of Russian Federation through Vologda and Leningrad oblasts to Saint Petersburg, Vyborg, and Finland. The third line of this pipeline was built to feed the Nord Stream pipeline.
Status.
Gryazovets–Vyborg gas pipeline is a part of the Russian unified gas transportation system. The third line connects the grid in Gryazovets with the Portovaya coastal compressor station near Vyborg. It runs in parallel with other two lines of the Northern Lights pipeline. The pipeline is designed, constructed, and operated solely by Gazprom. It feeds the Nord Stream gas pipeline as also supplies gas to the Northwestern region of Russia (Saint Petersburg and Leningrad Oblast).
Technical features.
The length of the third line is . It has diameter of and working pressure of , which is secured by seven compressor stations. The Portovaya compressor station on the Russian coast of the Baltic Sea in the Portovaya Bay near Vyborg has been called "unique" because of its planned capacity and working pressure.
Construction.
Construction of the third line of the Gryazovets–Vyborg gas pipeline began on 9 December 2005 in the town of Babayevo (Vologda Oblast), and it was completed in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19889424" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889424" title="List of Vickers Wellington operators">
List of Vickers Wellington operators

The List of Vickers Wellington operators include the nation and service branch:
Operators.
RNZAF received 30 Wellington Is pre war, the first 18 of which were training with the RAF, when in August 1939 they were loaned, together with aircrew, to the UK, forming the unit which later became No. 75 Squadron RNZAF.
References.
"History of the Royal Canadian Air Force", Christopher Shores, Royce Publications, Toronto, 1984

</doc>
<doc id="19889454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889454" title="Chania Power Station">
Chania Power Station

Chania Power Station is a natural gas power plant located in Chania on Crete island, Greece. It consists of two gas turbine units with a total capacity of about 120 MW. The power station is owned by the Public Power Corporation (PPC).
History.
In 1995, PPC awarded the contract for the supply and installation of two turbine units with a capacity of 59 MW each to Ansaldo Energia, a subsidiary of Finmeccanica. The contract was supplemented following works stoppage due to local population impediments, which allowed the erection works to start on April 1997. The first synchronization appeared in March 1998 and the first unit went into commercial operation on May 1998. The second unit went into commercial operation on August 1998.
Greek companies Triton and Rodax participated in the construction of the unit as subcontractors. 

</doc>
<doc id="19889487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889487" title="Papyrus 19">
Papyrus 19

Papyrus 19 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), signed by formula_119, is an early copy of the New Testament in Greek. The manuscript paleographically has been assigned to the 4th or 5th century.
The papyrus is currently housed at the Bodleian Library, Gr. bibl. d. 6 (P) at the University of Oxford.
Description.
Papyrus 19 is a papyrus manuscript of the Gospel of Matthew, containing text for Matt 10:32-11:5. The leaf is complete at the top and bottom, but broken at the sides.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Aland placed it in Category II.
Text.
Matthew 10:32-40
Matthew 10:41-12:5
Notable Readings.
Matthew 10:34 has the variant ουν νομίσητε ("Therefore, youpl think") instead of μη νομίσητε ("Do not think").
Matthew 10:37b ("and the person loving their son or daughter more than me is not worthy of me") is omitted, as in B* D 983 syrh Codex Schøyen
Matthew 10:38 is omitted, as in M*
Matthew 10:37b-38 is also omitted in the Hebrew Shem Tov Matthew manuscript.

</doc>
<doc id="19889516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889516" title="Papyrus 20">
Papyrus 20

Papyrus 20 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by formula_120, is an early copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Epistle of James, but it only contains Chapter 2:19-3:9. The manuscript has been paleographically assigned to the early 3rd century. 
Description.
The original size of the leaves was 17 by 12 cm.
The text is neatly written in upright semi-cursive letters. The main Nomina Sacra are used, but πατηρ/pater/father and ανθρωπος/anthropos/man are written out in full.
The Greek text of this codex is representative of the Alexandrian text-type (rather proto-Alexandrian). Aland placed it in Category I. This manuscript shows the greatest agreement with Codex Sinaiticus and Vaticanus, but not with codices Ephraemi, Regius and other late Alexandrian manuscripts. 
Philip Comfort has conjectured that the scribe who wrote formula_120 was also the same scribe who wrote formula_127, where the Greek letters α, β, δ, ε, λ, ι, μ, ν, ο, π, ρ, σ, ψ, υ, φ, ω are formed identically in both manuscripts.
It is currently housed at the Princeton University Library (AM 4117) in Princeton.

</doc>
<doc id="19889519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889519" title="Magnetic immunoassay">
Magnetic immunoassay

Magnetic immunoassay (MIA) is a novel type of diagnostic immunoassay using magnetic beads as labels in lieu of conventional enzymes (ELISA), radioisotopes (RIA) or fluorescent moieties (fluorescent immunoassays). This assay involves the specific binding of an antibody to its antigen, where a magnetic label is conjugated to one element of the pair. The presence of magnetic beads is then detected by a magnetic reader (magnetometer) which measures the magnetic field change induced by the beads. The signal measured by the magnetometer is proportional to the analyte (virus, toxin, bacteria, cardiac marker,etc.) quantity in the initial sample. 
Magnetic labels.
Magnetic beads are made of nanometric-sized iron oxide particles encapsulated or glued together with polymers. These magnetic beads range from 35nm up to 4.5μm. The component magnetic nanoparticles range from 5 to 50nm and exhibit a unique quality referred to as superparamagnetism in the presence of an externally applied magnetic field. First discovered by Frenchman Louis Néel, Nobel Physics Prize winner in 1970, this superparamagnetic quality has already been used for medical application in Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) and in biological separations, but not yet for labeling in commercial diagnostic applications.
Magnetic labels exhibit several features very well adapted for such applications:
Magnetometers.
A simple instrument can detect the presence and measure the total magnetic signal of a sample, however the challenge of developing an effective MIA is to separate naturally occurring magnetic background (noise) from the weak magnetically labeled target (signal). Various approaches and devices have been employed to achieve a meaningful signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) for bio-sensing applications: giant magneto-resistive sensors and spin valves, piezo-resistive cantilevers, inductive sensors, superconducting quantum interference devices, anisotropic magneto-resistive rings, and miniature Hall sensors. But improving SNR often requires a complex instrument to provide repeated scanning and extrapolation through data processing, or precise alignment of target and sensor of miniature and matching size.
Beyond this requirement, MIA that exploits the non-linear magnetic properties of magnetic labels can effectively use the intrinsic ability of a magnetic field to pass through plastic, water, nitrocellulose, and other materials, thus allowing for true volumetric measurements in various immunoassay formats. Unlike conventional methods that measure the susceptibility of superparamagnetic materials, a MIA based on non-linear magnetization eliminates the impact of linear dia- or paramagnetic materials such as sample matrix, consumable plastics and/or nitrocellulose. Although the intrinsic magnetism of these materials is very weak, with typical susceptibility values of –10-5 (dia) or +10-3 (para), when one is investigating very small quantities of superparamagnetic materials, such as nanograms per test, the background signal generated by ancillary materials cannot be ignored. In MIA based on non-linear magnetic properties of magnetic labels the beads are exposed to an alternating magnetic field at two frequencies, f1 and f2. In the presence of non-linear materials such as superparamagnetic labels, a signal can be recorded at combinatorial frequencies, for example, at f = f1 ± 2×f2. This signal is exactly proportional to the amount of magnetic material inside the reading coil.
This technology,makes magnetic immunoassay possible in a variety of formats such as:
It was also described for in vivo applications and for multiparametric testing.

</doc>
<doc id="19889559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889559" title="Speaker driver">
Speaker driver

A speaker driver is an individual transducer that converts electrical energy to sound waves, typically as part of a loudspeaker, television, or other electronics device. Sometimes the transducer is itself referred to as a speaker, particularly when a single one is mounted in an enclosure or as surface-mounted device (as in a wall-mounted speaker, car audio speaker, and so on). There are many different types of speaker drivers. The most common ones are the woofer, mid-range and tweeter, as well as subwoofers which are becoming very common. Less common types of speaker drivers are supertweeters and rotary woofers.
Components.
Speaker drivers include a diaphragm that moves back and forth to create pressure waves in the air column in front, and depending on the application, at some angle to the sides. The diaphragm is typically in the shape of a cone for low and mid frequencies or a dome for higher frequencies, or less commonly, a ribbon, and is usually made of coated or uncoated paper or polypropylene plastic. More exotic materials are used on some drivers, such as woven fiberglass, carbon fiber, aluminum, titanium, and a very few use PEI, polyimide, PET film plastic film as the cone, dome or radiator.
All speaker drivers have a means of electrically inducing back-and-forth motion. Typically there is a tightly wound coil of insulated wire (known as a voice coil) attached to the neck of the driver's cone. In a ribbon speaker the voice coil may be printed or bonded onto a sheet of very thin paper, aluminium, fiberglass or plastic. This cone, dome or other radiator is mounted to a rigid frame which supports a permanent magnet in close proximity to the voice coil. For the sake of efficiency the relatively lightweight voice coil and cone are the moving parts of the driver, whereas the much heavier magnet remains stationary. Other typical components are a spider or damper, used as the rear suspension element, simple terminals or binding posts to connect the audio signal, and possibly a compliant gasket to seal the joint between the chassis and enclosure.
Enclosures and acoustic isolation.
Drivers are almost universally mounted into a rigid enclosure of wood, plastic, or occasionally metal. This loudspeaker enclosure or speaker box isolates the acoustic energy from the front of the cone from that of the back of the cone. A horn may be employed to increase efficiency and directionality. A grille, fabric mesh, or other acoustically neutral screen is generally provided to cosmetically conceal the drivers and hardware, and to protect the driver from physical damage.
Operation.
In operation, a signal is delivered to the voice coil by means of electrical wires, from the amplifier through speaker cable, then through flexible tinsel wire to the moving coil. The current creates a magnetic field that causes the diaphragm to be alternately attracted to, and repelled by, the fixed magnet as the electrical signal varies. The resulting back-and-forth motion drives the air in front of the diaphragm, resulting in pressure differentials that travel away as sound waves.
The spider and surround act as a tensioned spring centering mechanism, to both concentrically center the voice coil within the magnet assembly, and to center the front-to-back voice coil position within the magnet assembly when power is removed. 
The voice coil and magnet essentially form a linear motor working against the centering spring tension of the spider and surround. If there were no restriction on travel distance imposed by the spider and surround, the voice coil could be ejected from the magnet assembly at high power levels, or travel inward deep enough to collide with the back of the magnet assembly. The majority of speaker drivers only work against the centering tension of the spider and surround, and do not actively monitor the position of the driver element or attempt to precisely position it, as occurs in servomechanisms.
Performance characteristics.
Speaker drivers may be designed to operate within a broad or narrow frequency range. Small diaphragms are not well suited to moving the large volume of air that is required for satisfying low frequency response. Conversely, large drivers may have heavy voice coils and cones that limit their ability to move at very high frequencies. Drivers pressed beyond their design limits may have high distortion. In a multi-way loudspeaker system, specialized drivers are provided to produce specific frequency ranges, and the incoming signal is split by a crossover. Drivers can be sub-categorized into several types: full-range, tweeters, super tweeters, mid-range drivers, woofers, and subwoofers.
Applications.
Speaker drivers are the primary means for sound reproduction. They are used among other places in audio applications such as loudspeakers, headphones, telephones, megaphones, instrument amplifiers, television and monitor speakers, public address systems, portable radios, toys, and in many electronics devices that are designed to emit sound.

</doc>
<doc id="19889590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889590" title="Inverness coat">
Inverness coat

The Inverness coat is a type of formal overcoat, with long open sleeves, in day or night variations. The Inverness coat was fashionable in the Victorian and Edwardian periods. The black evening version is the most formal overcoat from the era, and was worn with white tie, while the day version was often in tweed or other less formal fabrics. There is no full cape at the back, with the long "wings" on either side being large draping sleeves.
A similar men's overcoat, the Inverness cape, was developed in the 1880s, and it is still worn as rain gear by Scottish bagpipers.

</doc>
<doc id="19889620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889620" title="Institute for Emerging Issues">
Institute for Emerging Issues

The Institute for Emerging Issues (IEI) at North Carolina State University is a public policy "think-and-do" tank concerned about the future of North Carolina. IEI employs a unique public policy process to convene leaders from business, nonprofit organizations, government and higher education to discuss and develop action steps to combat the challenges to North Carolina's future prosperity. These convenings center around specific programs of work, such as reforming higher education and modernizing North Carolina's system of tax and finance. Programs of work are developed from five general areas of focus: education, healthcare, economic development, energy and the environment, and tax and finance. 
IEI was founded in 2002 by former Governor Jim Hunt, now the chair of IEI. The organization is led by Anita Brown-Graham. It now extends beyond its anchor event, the Emerging Issues Forum, which was established in 1986 by Hunt. Hunt established the Forum to have leaders discuss and debate the challenges facing the state. The Institute was established to take the ideas that came out of the Forum and put those ideas into action. 
The Forum continues to be IEI's signature event, drawing over 1000 leaders each year from around the world. Past speakers include: former President Bill Clinton, former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich, "New York Times" columnist Tom Friedman, Steve Forbes, and others.

</doc>
<doc id="19889624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889624" title="Double-double (disambiguation)">
Double-double (disambiguation)

A double-double is an individual basketball performance in which a player accumulates a double digit number total in two of five categories.
Double-double may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19889631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889631" title="Nonhyeon-dong massacre">
Nonhyeon-dong massacre

The Nonhyeon-dong massacre was a mass murder that occurred in the Gangnam-gu ward of Seoul, South Korea on October 20, 2008, when 30-year-old Jeong Sang-jin (정상진) set fire in a goshiwon and slashed several women with a sashimi knife. A total of six people died in the incident and seven more were injured. Jeong was sentenced to death on May 12. 2009.
Details.
At about 8:15 a.m., according to police, Jeong, who lived on the third floor of a four-story gosiwon, a low-cost lodging facility, poured gasoline on his bed and set it ablaze. Dressed all in black, wearing a headlamp, and hiding his face with a balaclava and goggles, he emerged from his smoke-filled room and, armed with a sashimi knife, two fruit-knives strapped to his legs, and a tear gas gun in a belt holster, began slashing and stabbing the residents of the building who were fleeing the fire.
Five people died of the wounds Jeong had inflicted on them with his knife, one woman died when she jumped out of a window in the fourth floor in an attempt to escape, and another seven were injured, four seriously, either by Jeong or the fire. Three of the dead and three of the injured were Chinese citizens. The fire raged in the building for about 30 minutes, before around 100 firefighters finally succeeded in taming the flames.
At 9:20 a.m., Jeong, initially thought to be another victim, was rescued by a fireman from a storage room in the fourth floor where he was hiding. When police noticed his peculiar behavior, Jeong was interrogated at the scene and he confessed to the crime. He was immediately arrested and brought to Gangnam Police Station, where he was charged with homicide and arson. 
The perpetrator.
Jeong Sang-jin, originally from Hapcheon, North Gyeongsang Province, moved to Seoul in 2002, where he scratched a living with part-time jobs as food delivery man or parking valet, though as of April 2008 he was unemployed and had to face severe financial difficulties. 
Motives.
Jeong was in severe financial distress and couldn't pay his rent and mobile phone fees for months prior to the rampage. After his arrest he stated that he didn't want to live anymore, as everyone looked down on him. It was said that he might have wanted to express his anger towards the rich and high authorities, but as they were difficult targets he lashed out against those who were at hand.
Further blame was also laid on the film "A Bittersweet Life" by Kim Ji-woon, which Jeong was said to like.
Similar incidents.
The incident sparked memories of the Daegu subway fire and the arson of the Namdaemun the same year, as well as the Akihabara massacre that happened just a few months earlier.

</doc>
<doc id="19889667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889667" title="Edson Silva">
Edson Silva

Edson Silva may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19889671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889671" title="Hurd v. Rock Island Bridge Company">
Hurd v. Rock Island Bridge Company

"Hurd v. Rock Island Bridge Company" (1857) is a landmark American civil case which won Abraham Lincoln fame as a lawyer. 
Case.
America's expansion west, which Lincoln strongly supported, was seen as an economic threat to the river trade, which ran north-to-south, primarily on the Mississippi river. In 1856 a steamboat collided with a bridge, built by the Rock Island Railroad, between Rock Island, Illinois, and Davenport, Iowa, the first railroad bridge to span the Mississippi. The steamboat owner sued for damages, claiming the bridge was a hazard to navigation. Lincoln argued in court for the railroad and won, removing a costly impediment to western expansion by establishing the right of land routes to bridge waterways

</doc>
<doc id="19889692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889692" title="Krushcheby">
Krushcheby

The term Krushcheby () is in reference to the residential blocks built in the 1960s-70s in the Soviet Union. The term itself is a play on the Russian word for slum and the name of former Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev. The era in which these buildings were built span the later years of Khrushchev's career and the early Leonid Brezhnev era, though they are more associative with Khrushchev as evidenced by the conception of the term in question.
See also.
Khrushchyovka

</doc>
<doc id="19889697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889697" title="The Frogmore Papers">
The Frogmore Papers

The Frogmore Papers is a bi-annual literary journal published in the United Kingdom. 
"The Frogmore Papers" is published by The Frogmore Press, founded by Andre Evans and Jeremy Page (poet and editor) at the Frogmore tea-rooms in Folkestone (once a favourite haunt of H. G. Wells) in 1983. The magazine is edited by Jeremy Page, with the assistance of Clare Best, Rachel Playforth, and Peter Stewart. The managing editor of the Frogmore Press is Alexandra Loske. Besides "The Frogmore Papers", The Frogmore Press has also published both individual collections and anthologies.
"The Frogmore Papers" have published hundreds of new, neglected and established writers. Notable contributors have included Tobias Hill, Sophie Hannah, Susan Wicks, Elizabeth Bartlett, Brian Aldiss, Carole Satyamurti, Paul Groves, Mario Petrucci, Matthew Mead, Tamar Yoseloff, Frances Leviston, Katherine Pierpoint, Andrew Waterhouse, John Harvey, Pauline Stainer, Ian Caws, Jill Dawson, Jane Holland, Robert Seatter, Catherine Smith, Stewart Conn, Clare Pollard, Susan Wicks, Michael Swan, Christopher James and Andrew Waterman. The Frogmore Poetry Prize has been awarded annually since 1987 and attracts entries from all over the world. In 2009 the Frogmore Poetry Prize was awarded to Howard Wright, in 2010 to A. K. S. Shaw, and in 2011 the winner was Sharon Black.

</doc>
<doc id="19889712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889712" title="U.S. Route 20 in Pennsylvania">
U.S. Route 20 in Pennsylvania

U.S. Route 20 is an east-west U.S. Highway in Pennsylvania, which clips the northwestern corner of the state, running entirely in Erie County. While it is part of the nation's longest road, it features the shortest segment of any two-digit U.S. route in the commonwealth. Although bypassed by Interstate 90 as the primary through route in the area, heavy traffic has led to nearly the entire highway being upgraded to four lanes in width. 
Route description.
U.S. 20 travels for 45 miles through Pennsylvania's Great Lakes region. For most of its journey, it closely parallels a heavily travelled CSX rail line, which also serves Amtrak passenger trains. The highway enters the state under the moniker of West Ridge Road eastward from the Ohio border, as it journeys through Springfield Township, Girard Township, Fairview Township and Millcreek Township. This section of road was widened to encompass a mostly four-lane set-up after a pair of 1938 and 1946 infrastructural projects, owing to the heavy truck traffic between Erie and Cleveland, Ohio. A 1952 upgrade saw the remainder of the Millcreek Township section of the route improved to four lanes. 
At the intersection with Pennsylvania Route 832, just outside of the Erie city limits, U.S. 20 becomes West 26th Street. The highway then passes through an industrial and commercial corridor that represents a 1946 alignment change, which saw 26th Street extended to avoid the route's former complicated passage along East Avenue. Soon after a major interchange with Greengarden Boulevard, the highway becomes two lanes, as it passes through Erie's old residential neighborhoods. After a junction with U.S. Route 19 just south of the city center, it becomes East 26th Street. 
U.S. 20 turns sharply northward as Broad Street at the Bayfront Connector, as it resumes four lane status temporarily. It then turns east again as Buffalo Road through Wesleyville and Harborcreek Township. This portion of road was upgraded to four lanes during a 1958 overhaul. In North East Township, U.S. 20 becomes West Main Road. Within the town limits of North East it becomes West Main Street until it reaches the town center at its intersection with Pennsylvania Route 89, where it becomes East Main Street. Outside the town limits it becomes East Main Road until it reaches Pennsylvania's border with New York. The portion of road around North East was upgraded to four lanes in 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="19889718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889718" title="Basqueian">
Basqueian

Basqueian (foaled 1991) is a Canadian Thoroughbred racehorse best known for winning two of the 1994 Canadian Triple Crown races.
Basqueian was bred and raced by prominent businessman and major stable owner, Frank Stronach. Racing at age three in 1994, at Toronto's Woodbine Racetrack Basqueian finished second by less than a nose to Bruce's Mill in the 1994 Plate Trial Stakes. The two horses then reversed their positions in Canada's most prestigious race, the Queen's Plate. The win was the first in the Queen's Plate for trainer Dan Vella and the second for jockey Jack Lauzon. The two horses again ran one-two in the second leg of the Canadian Triple Crown, the Prince of Wales Stakes, and this time Bruce's Mill came out on top. In the final leg of the series, Basqueian showed his versatility with a victory on turf in the Breeders' Stakes. That same year, he won the first of three straight editions of the Durham Cup.
Basqueian went on to race in both Canada and the United States. In 1995 he won his second Durham Cup and at the Hawthorne Race Course near Chicago, Illinois ran second in the Hawthorne Gold Cup. His performances that year were good enough to earn him the 1995 Sovereign Award for Champion Older Male Horse. In 1997 at Monmouth Park in Oceanport, New Jersey Basqueian won the Red Bank Handicap and Longfellow Stakes
Retired from racing with earnings in excess of $1 million, Basqueian, a gelding, now serves as one of the important pony horses used to calm the young colts and fillies undergoing race training at owner Frank Stronach's Adena Springs South in Williston, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="19889751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889751" title="Phi meson">
Phi meson

In particle physics, the phi meson is a vector meson formed of a strange quark and a strange antiquark. It has a mass of .

</doc>
<doc id="19889773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889773" title="Untersiggingen">
Untersiggingen

Untersiggingen is a small village in the municipality Deggenhausertal in Baden-Württemberg Germany. Deggenhausertal itself is a part of the district Bodenseekreis which is on the north shore of Lake Constanz.
Location.
Untersiggingen is situated in a valley between the two hills Heiligenberg and Gehrenberg. The small river of Deggenhauser Ach is flowing through this valley. The village lies on both sides of this river. The older part of the village where most of the inhabitants are living is in the south of this river. Located on the north side of the river is the industrial region of the village. This industrial region was begun to be built in the 80's
History.
Ancestry of the word Untersiggingen.
The Village was first mentioned in the year 772 by a document of the abbey of ST Gallen. In this document the village is written: "Villa Sicginga". The name derives from the proper name Sicgo.
From 10th to the 13th century.
From the 10th to the 13th century are parchments existing, which certificate that there were some knights in the valley named the knights von Siggingen (from Siggingen). The most significant was Albert von Siggingen and his son Rudolf, who had their base in the "Siggingertal" (the former name of Deggenhausertal). Their fortress was stood close to the village. The moat, the fundament and the weir system are still visible. When the fortress had been destroyed is undisclosed.
From this time the coat of arms potentially was coined. The soldier with the tulip
The coat of arms soldier with the tulip
18th century.
Untersiggingen to appertain to the Spital Überlingen until 1779, than it subsequent appertain to the county of Fürstenberg- Heiligenberg form 1779 to 1806 after the downfall of the Heiliges Römisches Reich Deutscher Nationen (holy empire of German nations). 1806 the Fürstenberger lost the county and Untersiggingen owned by the house of Baden.
20th century.
In 1956 Untersiggingen got its own water supply. In 1967 a new school building was built next to the old school building. Since the 1st January 1972 the independent municipality got a part of the new created municipality Deggenhausertal.
On the boundary of Untersiggingen a new industrial region arose. The new timber yard of the new formed municipality Deggenhausertal found his place in the new industrial region. There was new building site created in the west of the village along the river of Ach. The gaps between buildings inside the village were also closed by new houses.
Economy and Infrastrukture.
In spite of its small number of inhabitants Untersiggingen has a own supermarket at the access of the industrial region. In the center of the village is a kind of a pharmacy, and not far away a small restaurant and a fitness studio.

</doc>
<doc id="19889785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889785" title="Buddhist influences on print technology">
Buddhist influences on print technology

Buddhist influences on print technology in East Asia are far-reaching. The history of writing in Asia dates back to the 13th century BC. China used bones and shells for religious inscriptions in the form of divinations. From these beginnings, numerous forms of writing and printing were developed. In many instances, as in Europe, it was religion that played a major role in the development of writing and printing techniques or which was the reason behind the usage of these techniques. Of the religions in East Asia, it was Buddhism that played the strongest role in influencing writing and, in particular, printing. There were other factors that influenced the creation of manuscript and print culture, but Buddhism had the largest influence in spreading the usage of print technology, which in turn led to an increase in the dissemination of secular printing and literacy as well as wielding an important influence on economics, government, and competing religions/philosophies.
Brief survey of writing & printing in early China.
The earliest known writing in China are inscriptions on bones and shells which were used for divination for approximately three centuries until the late 11th century BC. Inscriptions can also be found on bronze, jade, stone, and pottery. Bronze was developed as a permanent record of socio-political and ceremonial information in the 2nd or 3rd century AD. Stone, on the other hand, is the only permanent method used continuously from ancient times to present. Also, stone was used extensively for inscriptions on monuments and for the preservation of Confucian, Buddhist, and Taoist texts. Clay inscriptions flourished from the 4th or 5th century BC until the early 4th century AD. These inscriptions were primarily records of names, titles, and phrases such as good luck sayings.(201)
Silk was also used for the recording of information starting in the 7th or 6th century BC. The predecessors to paper-based books in China were strips and tablets made of bamboo or wood, which were bound by cords and used much like books are today. This method of transmission of information was in use at the same time as the usage of bronze and the other methods. Bamboo and wood was used for approximately three centuries more than paper and silk was in use for some 500 years longer than paper. These methods were favoured by tradition and also had some advantages over paper. 
A less expensive alternative was developed, a form of paper made from a refuse fiber called zhi. This paper was developed before the Christian era and became commonplace in the 1st or 2nd century AD for books and other documents, but the other methods of recording information continued. Paper books were originally in the form of rolls, then folded leaves, and finally bound volumes like the books in use today.
There were various methods for the production of early Chinese records. Bone and stone media were engraved or incised with a metal stylus or knife. Wood, bamboo, silk, and paper was written on with brush-pens; the ink was black; usage of ink dates to Neolithic China. Styli were also used and were made of bamboo, wood, horn, and metal, but it is not known when the stylus first came into common usage. Book knives were used as erasers for bamboo and wood tablets but not for inscriptions. Inscriptions on bronze were cast from molds. Inscriptions on clay were made by molds or were impressed with stamps. Seals were used to produce duplicates on soft clays and later on silk and paper. These seals were cast from metals or cut from jade or stone. Before the invention of woodblock printing, inked impressions from stone or other inscriptions would be made by rubbing or squeezing paper over their surfaces. This technique was used up to the early 6th century and led to the invention of printing. Moveable type was invented in China some 400 years before Gutenberg’s press. (1, 202-203)
Buddhism and printing in China.
The period following the collapse of the Han (220 AD) is known as (one of the many) “Dark Ages” and was typified by political strife, wars, and social upheaval. Despite the turmoil of that period, learning and culture continued to grow. Among the intellectual elite and rulership, Confucianism continued to be the dominant philosophy. Taoism and Buddhism emerged as religions and began to flourish.
Buddhism, a populist religion, had been introduced to China at the beginning of the Christian Era and quickly became a religion sought after in times of strife by the masses where it was propagated. The first translation of a Buddhist text appeared in China in the 2nd century AD and by the 3rd century the volume of translations had increased a great deal. Buddhism’s influence on literature and scholarship grew in relation to the conversion of the elite and ruler ship. (17)
During the Sui Dynasty (581-618 AD), Buddhism enjoyed an explosion in the production of printed texts. This is partly due to the reunification of the empire and partly because Emperor Wen decreed that all Buddhist texts then in print were to be copied and placed in temple libraries in all the major cities. Another factor that influenced this increase in printing was the creation of a bureau in 606 AD for the translation of Buddhist texts at the behest of Emperor Yang. To illustrate this diffusion of Buddhist texts, the History of the Sui Dynasty’s bibliography lists 1950 Buddhist titles as compared to 377 Taoist titles.
Buddhism was, therefore, probably the most important factor in the development of printing. The demand for Buddhist texts was so great that it encouraged accelerated levels of printing for the following century. Despite the increased demand for Buddhist literature, the production of books by hand did not end. Printing only increased the number of copies of books, thus facilitating the ease and degree of communication. (18, 205)
As Confucianism was the major competing native belief set among the elite, the reason that Buddhist texts enjoyed such widespread printing needs explanation.
Mair suggests that perhaps there is something inherent in Buddhism that is conducive to its being written in what he calls “vernacular Sinitic” as opposed to the “literary Sinitic” used for native Chinese texts. One aspect of Buddhism that Mair cites is the notion of upaya, known as fang-pien in Chinese; followers of the Buddha should do whatever is in their power to do to insure the salvation of all living things.(713) This would certainly help explain why Buddhist texts would be printed and circulated in a written language that is more accessible to a wider audience. Another point Mair makes is that lecture notes for sermons by laymen and monks were written in the vernacular language. This makes sense considering that these notes were to be spoken from; one would not make notes for a sermon in a stilted and highly literary language. Other Buddhist texts such as parables were popular with the masses and so when written, the vernacular is the clear choice.
Another inherent trait that Mair cites is the ostensibly oral nature of Buddhism and how the religion stresses that “…Buddha is beyond the ‘paths of speech’” and “…’the way of language is cut off, the workings of the mind are obliterated’….” (Ibid.) Mair also writes:
Despite this, even Buddhism could not survive and function as a religion without sacred texts. Many Buddhist texts begin with the phrase evam me sutam (ju shih wo wen, “thus I have heard”). Buddhist texts also make use of other expressions such as fo shuo (“spoken by the Buddha”). Mair points out that this underlines the direct oral transmission of Buddha’s teachings to the community through Ananda. So, these phrases are a stamp of authenticity for the text, even when a text did not originate in India.(714) Given this oral nature of Buddhism, it makes sense that its texts would be rendered in vernacular rather than literary Chinese.
The strongest explanation for the use of vernacular, and by extension the rapid spread of Buddhism and its influence on print culture, is the process by which Buddhism was introduced to China. Mair argues that the process of translation was what influenced the use of vernacular in Chinese Buddhist texts. Commerce also played a strong role, but this will be discussed later. It was foreigners that began the process of translation into Chinese (“…the early impetus for the translation of Buddhist texts into Sinitic came primarily from foreign monks resident in China.”)(714-715, 717) What Mair calls “literary Sinitic” is an extremely difficult language to learn, “…requiring at least ten to fifteen years to gain a modicum of proficiency.”(716) These foreign translators were adults when they came to China and most likely learned spoken Chinese through immersion in the culture before learning how to write the language. When it came time to write, they used the language they knew which was the vernacular. Also, when it was Chinese Buddhists working on writing a text, they worked in teams with other Chinese dictating their translations. Obviously since literary Chinese is unspeakable, the dictation was done in the vernacular. (Ibid.)
The above argument is the strongest for what might be called the mechanical process for the rapid spread of Buddhism and the vast amount of texts available (and the rise in the use of printing) to a wider audience. What is also a very important aspect in the spread of Buddhism and its influence on printing is the ideological aspects of Buddhism. As opposed to the native Chinese religions/philosophies, Buddhism is a populist religion. As Mair writes: “…Buddhism functioned (and perhaps originated) as a means for the individual to escape from the normal societal bonds.” (719) Buddhism appealed to the dispossessed, those that were outside the Confucian institutions. Because Confucianism stressed a rigid social order, many people found themselves stuck in a social position they could not escape from.
The Buddhist community in China consisted of, for example, a large number of widows, orphans, and others that had no place in the fabric of Confucian society. Literary Chinese was associated with the elite; those that could afford to attend the bureaucratic schools for example. Buddhism aggressively pursued the conversion of followers and to move into a new area such as China(721), it makes sense that Buddhism would make use of the vernacular in its texts; it was more accessible to the masses. Because of this accessibility there was an increased demand for texts and thus the rise in printing.(720)
Mair cites Daniel Gardner and his work on Neo-Confucianism. It seems that the vernacular was employed in Neo-Confucian texts because of its: 
on the formation of Neo-Confucian thought and practice, the adoption of the written vernacular as a legitimate form of serious intellectual discussion would seem to be one more example of the radical restructuring of Confucianism brought about by this foreign religion.” (Ibid.)
So, not only did Buddhism wield an influence on printing, but also it also influenced society at large in adapting to the norms of Buddhist thought. These influences were manifested in literature, philosophy, government, etc. As Mair writes, “…may be analyzed sociolinguistically as emanating from the fundamentally demotic impulses of the religion.”(721)
Buddhism and printing in Korea.
The story of printing in Korea is slightly different than in China, but Buddhism did play an important role in the development of printing. Just as in China and Japan, woodblock printing was the primary technique used for printing, but a scarcity of resources needed for the production of woodblocks in Korea created a need for the invention of an alternative, which was moveable type. Korea was in the unique position among Asian countries of having an alphabet that facilitated the use of moveable type. This is not to say that woodblocks were not used. Once moveable type came into use, Korea was no longer quite as dependent on China for texts.
Sometime in the 4th century the Chinese educational system was introduced to what was then the Koguryo state. A civil service examination system was established in Silla after the Korean states consolidated in the 7th century. As the power of the government grew, demand for books from China increased. Korea began to print its own texts and books from woodblocks in the 10th century. Prior to 1056 Korea was mainly a manuscript culture. Complaints from a provincial capital spurred the government to order copies from the royal collection to be printed. Newly carved woodblocks were sent from the provinces to the royal library, which spurred the production of more woodblocks.(97)
Other than the perceived (and possibly true) unreliability of manuscript copies, religion provided an additional stimulus for the printing of texts from woodblocks, just as in the other countries of East Asia. A large scale carving of woodblocks for the purpose of printing the Tripitaka was undertaken starting sometime around 1014. During the last twenty odd years of the 11th century, more Tripitaka woodblocks were carved, in addition to woodblocks for other Chinese Buddhist works. The demand for Buddhist texts, as well as Confucian texts, grew in the following years. Most of these were subsequently destroyed during the Mongol invasions.
At the time, Korea was rather zealous in its attempts to acquire Buddhist (and other) texts and utilized whatever means it could to acquire texts. In addition to trade with Sung China, Korea bought books from private markets (once again, commerce and Buddhism will be discussed later). The zealousness Korea had to acquire Buddhist texts also provided an impetus for the printing of texts. By the end of the 11th century Korea had better copies of common texts as well as rare copies of certain editions. Previously the flow of books was mainly from China to Korea, but in 1091 China asked Korea for 117 books that no longer existed in China’s libraries, a situation similar to that in Europe a few centuries earlier where Ireland had preserved Christian texts no longer in existence on the continent. This illustrates the strong role that Buddhism played in printing. Buddhism provided the stimulus to keep as many texts in print as possible. When these texts were lost in China, Korea proved to be an important repository of Buddhist literature due to its commitment to the printing of Buddhist texts.
Buddhism also played a role in the development of moveable type. Religion was not the only contributing factor in Korea’s development of moveable type. First, the Sung dynasty (which was apparently the only source outside of Korea for books) fled south after the Chin invasion in 1127. Second, many of Korea’s libraries were destroyed resulting in the loss of many texts and woodblocks during a power struggle in the royal court. Thirdly, the scarcity of hardwoods used in the production of woodblocks in Korea contributed to the need for a more readily made printing source. Pine was the most common wood available in Korea at the time, but is not a good source for woodblocks. There was birch, but these trees were not common and were to be found mostly on mountainous terrain making it difficult to get to and expensive to transport. (98)
The Koreans at that time were most likely already aware of moveable type as it had already been invented in China. In China, moveable type was made from baked clay, but the Koreans improved upon this by making cast-type. Metal casting existed in Korea, but with the introduction of a new method of coin casting from China in 1102, Korea finally had the technology to create an effective method of printing using moveable type. This method of casting came in the form of carving two molds that were joined together with the liquid metal presumably being poured into the hollow thus created. (98-100) So with the zealous desire for Buddhist texts, the scarcity of resources for woodblock production, the introduction of new technology, and the cessation of trade with China, Korea was able to continue to print Buddhist texts.
There are other examples of how Buddhism stimulated printing in Korea. Despite the difficulties the Mongol invasion presented, printing of texts continued. While in exile on Kangwha Island, the Koryo government re-carved a woodblock edition of a Buddhist text crucial to the Son sect that had become scarce. Sohn also suggests that the invention of moveable type was due to the general scarcity of books after 1127 but before the Mongol invasion. Sohn mentions that there was an urgent need for these texts. (98) What he does not mention, and I would suggest, is that moveable type was used because it would have taken too long to re-carve the woodblocks. Thus moveable type was utilized to meet the urgent demand for the texts.
There is more evidence for the influence that Buddhism had on the printing of texts. In 1446, King Sejong introduced the Hunmin chong um, a text that introduced the new system for writing vernacular Korean. In the preface to this text, there is a line (“Even the sound of the winds, the cry of the crane, the cackle of fowl and the barking of dogs – all may be written” 733) that is derived from a Sung scholar (Cheng Ch’iao) that “praises the phonological sophistication of the Buddhist monks.” The fact that Sejong was a devout Buddhist could possibly also be seen as evidence of the Buddhist influence on printing. All but two of the earliest texts using Sejong’s Hunmin chong um were Buddhist texts. Also, Hunmin chong um is based partly on Phags-pa that can be traced back to Srong-brtsan-sgam-po, the king who introduced Buddhism to Tibet. “The Buddhist impetus, in turn, carried through to King Sejong’s Hunmin chong um.” (731, 734) This illustrates that not only did Buddhism wield an influence on printing, but also on language reform, which in turn further influenced printing. With the introduction of Hunmin chong um, printing using moveable type in Korea became much more practical.
There are a number of differences between China and Korea which rendered moveable type easier for Korea than China. First, China did not have a script reform that made the use of moveable type more practical as in Korea. The large number of characters used in written Chinese posed a great challenge to the use of moveable type. Instead of making type for every character all at once, why not make new type as it was needed? In this way a gradual shift to moveable type printing could have been accomplished. Second, the historical record shows that in China there was a preference for that which was already established and familiar (e.g. the preference of bamboo/wood books over the usage of paper books). Chinese moveable type was made from baked clay, rendering it breakable.
Buddhism and printing in Japan.
Little is known about the techniques and procedures used for woodblock printing before 1600 in Japan; printing and publishing in the Tokugawa period became more commercialized and thus there is more information about it.(47)
First a manuscript is passed to a copyist and a clean copy ("hanshita") is written out. Sometimes a calligrapher would be employed to make a copy when quality calligraphy was desired, although the author often prepared the copy. Second, the hanshita was given to the block-carver who pasted the hanshita face down onto a wooden block and carved away the white parts leaving the text, illustrations, and borders in relief. Third, the block was passed to the printer who inked the block, laid a sheet of paper on it, and then rubbed the paper to make the impression. Sometimes a printing was made for the purpose of proofreading but this seems to have been rather rare. It is not clear how much proofreading was done but it was done for the more important texts. (52) Fourth, when enough copies were printed they were passed to someone who aligned the pages. Lastly, a cover was made and the book was finally bound. (47, 48)
The reproduction of texts was done by the technique called "kabusebori". Reproduction was an unstable process. Copies would be made from earlier editions of the text by using the text itself as the hanshita. The woodblock resulting from this technique of duplication was similar but not an exact replica. This method was used during the Muromachi period to reproduce Chinese texts and also when a popular text needed to be reprinted but the original woodblocks were worn down, damaged, or lost. (49) This method was also used when particular pages of a text needed to be replaced such as when some woodblocks were more worn than others or when a family or business needed to update its directories. (52)
Umeki was another technique used to make corrections to a text to avoid censorship or when mistakes were made during the carving process. A portion of the woodblock would be carved out and removed, then replaced with the corrected text on a portion of wood measuring the same dimensions as that which had been removed. (52)
Print technology was introduced to Japan in the 8th century but it took approximately 1000 years for Japan to become a print culture when printing had finally become commercialized. (112) Initially printing in Japan was a ritual exercise for the production of devotional texts and it was not until the 11th century that texts were printed for the purpose of reading. This was much the case in China although calendars and Buddhist texts had been printed for reading for quite some time. Therefore, printing reached Japan from China in the form of a ritual practice. (113)
The only surviving evidence of printing from the 8th century Japan comes from Nara in the form of the Hyakumanto Dharani. (115) The Hyakumanto Dharani are slips of paper with Buddhist text printed on them installed in miniature pagoda that were placed at various locations in Nara. They were apparently made to atone for a rebellion that took place 746. The rebellion was in response to the growing influence Buddhism had in the Japanese court; a Buddhist monk, Dokyo, had been able to have himself appointed to the position of Chancellor of the Realm. The interference in courtly matters by the Buddhist clergy led to much resentment and Fujiwara no Nakamaro led a rebellion against Dokyo. The ex-Empress Shotoku ordered the printing of one million charms to appease the Buddhist monks and temples, although it is unclear whether this order was fully carried out.(87-88) Very few of the dharani survived to this day.(89) Hyakumanto dharani represent the earliest existing proof (from Japan) that Buddhism was an influence on printing in East Asia.
Inbutsu, religious stamps depicting the Buddha, were common in pre-Heian times and continued to be made through the Heian period.(117) Further evidence of printing in the Heian period comes in the form of books and other texts imported from China by Japanese monks returning to Japan from China and Chinese monks and travelers. Devotional printing was common in Heian Japan. Fujiwara no Michinaga’s diary (1009 AD) mentions that 1000 copies of the “Lotus Sutra” were commissioned but none of these survive. It seems that the paper that these devotional texts were printed on was of poor quality and this explains why so few of them exist to this day. The reason for printing these devotional texts lay in the meritorious act of reproducing sacred texts, not in the reading of them. Therefore, there was no concern for the fate of the texts after being printed since the act of printing them was what brought about merit. (118) As described above, Buddhist influence on printing in Japan was initially for gaining merit with the Buddha and great effort was put into printing texts for this reason. Because Japan during the Nara and Heian periods was primarily a manuscript culture and texts for reading were hand copied, Buddhism’s influence on print had yet to exhibit the influence it did in China.
Practical printing can be dated to the 11th century, during the Heian era when Chinese texts from the Sung Dynasty became popular in Japan in the form of commentaries on sutras and doctrines. Nara became the center of non-devotional printing in Heian Japan and the oldest existing example of this kind is the Joyuishikiron (a Buddhist text in Chinese) of 1088 printed by the monks of the Kofukuji temple. Kyoto became the center of devotional printing because this is where the aristocratic sponsorship for such printing existed. (118-119)
During the Kamakura period printing became more established and began to shift its emphasis from devotional printing to practical printing. Inbutsu continued to be produced but their production began to expand to more populist images such as the Amida Buddha and Jizo. The Kofukuji was important in the shift to practical printing as well as other temples such as Todaiji, Daianji, and Saidaiji. The monasteries of Mt. Koya also began printing texts of the Shingon sect, continuously printing up to the 19th century. It was during the Kamakura period that Kyoto began to be a center of printing. The 13th-century temple Sen’yuji was one of the most prominent. Its founder, Shunjo, had brought back books from China and reproduced them using the kabusebori technique. Texts from Song editions relating to monastic discipline were also printed. Kyoto temples also began printing Pure Land Sect texts during the Kamakura period but the location and dates of production is unknown. (119-121)
It is from the Pure Land Sect that the first book printed in Japanese, the Kurodani shonin gotoroku (1321), originates. It is most likely due to the populist nature of the Pure Land Sect that this text was printed in Japanese. It was a collection of sayings by the sect’s founder Honen (1133–1212). It was printed in hiragana with kanji glossed with furigana. Later in the 14th century more of Honen’s works were printed. The Pure Land Sect was one of the first Buddhist sects responsible for reaching out to a general audience through the print medium in the Kamakura period. (121)
Zen sects had the largest influence on printing during the Kamakura and Muromachi periods. Texts came from five monasteries in Kyoto and five in Kamakura and later other Zen temples began to print texts. It was with the Zen-printed texts that an educational element began to enter into the act of printing. These texts were reproductions of Zen master sayings intended for the training of novices and disseminating the teachings to lay persons. Devotionals were still printed but when Zen monasteries printed devotional texts it was at the behest of sponsors rather than the monasteries themselves. (121-122)
Gozan-ban (the name given to texts printed by Zen sects) were for the most part written by Chinese authors but some were by Japanese authors (monks). They were also kabusebori editions so they looked like Chinese editions. Chinese monks also assisted in the printing of Gozan-ban. Eight Chinese monks had traveled to Kyoto in the 14th century (1367) and these monks were mostly block-carvers and printers employed by the Japanese monks and temples. Some texts, though, were printed at the expense of the Chinese monks. Most of the Gozan-ban were Zen and other Buddhist texts but some were secular texts of Chinese origin. It was in the 14th century that the first non-Buddhist texts were printed. By the 16th century a large number of secular Chinese texts had been printed by Zen temples. It would seem then that the Zen monks were the custodians of Chinese culture in Japan. (122)
From the 14th to 16th century secular texts are divided into three categories: 1) canonical texts, 2) dictionaries and other sinological reference texts, and 3) poetic texts. The first secular Chinese text to be printed was Confucious’ Analects, printed in Sakai in 1364 with commentaries by the third century scholar He Yan. In 1528, some Chinese medical texts were printed. Not all the secular texts were printed by Zen monks, but one quarter of the Gozan-ban were secular texts and printed in Japan for the first time. The Zen monks' interest in secular Chinese literature resulted in much of the Chinese poetry and Confucian literature printed. (123)
By the 16th Century printing was well established but had yet to become commercial. Prior to this, the printing of books for reading was done primarily by Buddhist monasteries and monks and were mostly Buddhist texts in the original Chinese. These books may have been made available for sale. Little is known how the books were circulated before the Tokugawa era. (124-125)
Buddhism influenced both printing and reading. The earliest references to reading in Japan relates to Buddhist texts. (251) There is a question regarding “reading” because at first Buddhist texts were printed as a meritorious act and “reading” was secondary. Buddhist texts were studied and there was a ritualized reading of them. When discussing reading of the sutras and other tests, “reading” takes a number of forms: silent vs. chanted, individual vs. mass/group. During the Nara and Heian periods, there was a number of public readings of Buddhist texts for devotional and other religious reasons. (252)
Buddhism played a large role in literacy during the Nara and Heian periods. Because Buddhism was a scriptural religion, literacy in Chinese was required because texts available to the Japanese were printed in Chinese. During the Heian period it was men who were for the most part literate in Chinese (most likely the “literary Sinetic” that Mair refers to) but there is proof that some women were literate in Chinese as well. After the Heian period Buddhism remained a text-based religion and it was the Zen monks were particularly interested in secular Chinese texts. The literacy in Chinese that was thought to be so important during the Nara and Heian periods became less stringent during the Kamakura and Muromachi periods. Literacy gave way to the Sino-Japanese kanbun. The literate were most likely to be found in the Zen monasteries during these periods. (270-271) Literacy began to rise during the Tokugawa period as a result of printing becoming commercialized and the Tokugawa bureaucracy had become dependent on printed and written communications among the various government offices in the capital and provinces. (272-273)
So from the Nara period on, literacy in Chinese was important for the Japanese bureaucracy, but more important for the reproduction of Buddhist texts and the production of commentaries on Buddhist texts. In the 7th and 8th Centuries the greatest efforts at manuscript and printed text (by extension) production was for the copying of Buddhist texts. There is evidence that the entire Buddhist canon existent in Japan had been copied by 673. By 700 there was a large number of Buddhist temples and monasteries that required texts. By 727 the government had established a sutra scriptorium (the Shakyojo) in Nara that was the center of sutra-copying. It did not survive the move to Heian-kyo. The number of surviving printed Buddhist texts, as opposed to printed secular texts, helps to illustrate the influence Buddhism had on printing. (91)
Commerce and Buddhism.
Buddhism and commerce were also tied closely together. The two stimulated each other in a cyclical fashion such that, among other things, printing was influenced to a large degree.
The official histories of China, Korea, Japan, and other Asian societies largely neglected to record a number of commercial enterprises that the elite (bureaucracy) were not directly involved with. The elite (bureaucracy) was only concerned with official missions and held an elitist view regarding the merchants and other commoners that partook in trade with neighboring societies and cultures, which contributes to the manner in which Buddhism was able to infiltrate these societies. Buddhism followed the same routes the merchants used. As Buddhism spread, so did the demand for religious artifacts and literature. Buddhism also stimulated religious pilgrimages which in turn stimulated trade. These factors stimulated the growth of local economies and the production of artifacts and the printing of religious texts. This all often went unnoticed by the elite who would otherwise have been vehemently opposed to the spread of Buddhist doctrine.
Besides the stimulation of commerce and travel, Buddhism assisted trade by providing a social lubricant. As Holcombe states, “The Buddhist spirit minimized regional differences.”(283) Because of its universalistic philosophy, followers of the religion from different cultures who behaved differently, looked different, and so on, were still able to engage in commerce because they held a common faith. This in turn helped to propel the spread of Buddhism to other regions.(282-283)
Buddhist missionaries would accompany private trading caravans and sailing vessels along established trade routes into regions that were untouched by Buddhism. Sometimes those missionaries would settle in these regions and establish schools/missions or, during the voyage, would convert merchants and traders who would in turn settle in these new regions, raising families, and assisting in the dissemination of the Buddhist faith.(285) Sometimes this immigration was accidental, as in the case with Japan. At the time sailing between Japan, China, and Korea was a dangerous affair, so it is understandable that many of these “immigrants” would opt to remain in Japan (or wherever it was they landed), as happened with ten Paekche monks blown off course as they were sailing to China. The elite, for the most part, ignored travelers that were not members of official missions so it is plausible that the number of immigrants such as the Paekche monks was much higher than the official immigrant count indicates.(288-289)
Commerce and trade facilitated the spread of Buddhism to new regions and with it the spread of Buddhist texts which stimulated the growth of printing industries. The extensive book trade between Sung China and Korea as well as the employment of Chinese monks by Japanese temples and monasteries was a common practice. It is very important to keep in mind the role commerce played in the printing of Buddhist texts.
Conclusion.
As mentioned above, the Japanese case provides the best example of how Buddhism influenced printing. In China the religion was a populist one, which actively sought out those that were marginalized by Confucian society. Korea had a voracious appetite for Buddhist texts and the combination of the scarcity of resources for woodblock printing as well as the Mongol invasions stimulated the use of new printing technologies. As Mair writes, “There is little doubt that printing in East Asia, from its inception, was primarily a Buddhist phenomenon.”(736) Buddhism, being a universalistic and populist religion, as well as its zealous conversion of the common person to its faith, was able to utilize print technology like no other religion at the time was able to. The ostensibly oral origins of the religion allowed Buddhism to utilize vernacular language in the printed form to reach a much wider audience than Confucianism, Taoism, or other religions. So in this way Buddhism was able to wield an influence on print technology that was unknown before its introduction to East Asia.

</doc>
<doc id="19889790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889790" title="2008 Emperor's Cup">
2008 Emperor's Cup

The 88th Emperor's Cup began on September 13, 2008 and ended on January 1, 2009 with the final at National Stadium in Tokyo. As the champion, Gamba Osaka participated in AFC Champions League 2009. 
Matches.
All matches are Japan Standard Time (UTC+9)
Third Round.
The 15 J2 teams plus one JFL representative (Tochigi S.C.) entered at this round.
Fourth Round.
The 18 J1 teams will enter at this round. 

</doc>
<doc id="19889791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889791" title="A Taste of Blood">
A Taste of Blood

A Taste of Blood is a 1967 American horror film, produced and directed by Herschell Gordon Lewis. It stars, among others, Bill Rogers and Elizabeth Wilkinson. The movie was also known as "The Secret of Dr. Alucard". Lewis considered this his masterpiece, which may account for the film's relatively long running time of two hours (most of Lewis's films run no longer than 80 minutes).
Plot.
A Miami businessman, John Stone, receives a parcel from England containing two old bottles of Slivovitz brandy from his recently deceased ancestor, and after drinking both bottles, becomes a vampire. Stone uses his newfound vampire powers to keep his wife, Helena, in a trance as he travels to England to kill the descendents of Abraham Van Helsing that murdered Count Dracula. Meanwhile, Helsing's distant relative, Howard Helsing, pursues Stone with the intent to put the reborn vampire to rest for good.

</doc>
<doc id="19889802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889802" title="Ellis Sandoz">
Ellis Sandoz

Ellis Sandoz (born 1931) is the Hermann Moyse Jr. Distinguished Professor of Political Science and Director of the Eric Voegelin Institute for American Renaissance Studies. Ellis Sandoz is also the former chairman of that department.
Studies.
Professor Sandoz as Director of the Eric Voegelin Institute for American Renaissance Studies, established in 1987 has devoted himself to research in political philosophy and constitutionalism, publications, and also conferences in these fields.
Biography.
A native of Louisiana whose family first came there from Switzerland in 1829, he is a United States Marine Corps veteran (1953–56). He was educated at Louisiana State University (B. A., 1951; M. A., 1953), also at the University of North Carolina, Georgetown, Heidelberg, and the University of Munich where he completed his doctorate (Dr. oec. publ.) with Eric Voegelin in 1965, Sandoz is the only American to do so. Professor Sandoz joined Louisiana State University faculty in 1978. Professor Sandoz is a specialist in the field of political philosophy (American, European, and Russian), and he approaches problems of public policy from that perspective. President Ronald W. Reagan appointed him to the National Council on the Humanities in 1982 for a six-year term. The Board of Foreign Scholarships in 1987 named him a Fulbright 40th Anniversary Distinguished American Scholar to represent the United States in Italy and lecture on the Constitution during the U.S. Bicentennial. He founded and remains secretary of the Eric Voegelin Society. He was elected president of the Philadelphia Society in April 2000.
Constitutionalism.
After the Velvet Revolution of 1989, Sandoz has addressed the Federal Assembly of Czechoslovakia and conducted lectures and a series of conferences on The Federalist Papers, and other aspects of the Anglo-American constitutionalism and liberty and Western political philosophy, for academic and political leaders in Czech Republic, Slovakia, and Poland.
Awards.
For Professor Sandoz's political science and related educational activities in 1994 he has been awarded the
Lectures.
Professor Sandoz presented a series of lectures on the thought of Voegelin, ethics, and constitutionalism sponsored by the Graduate Program of Ethics of the University of Oslo and the Research Council of Norway in Trondheim in October 1995. He lectures widely in the U. S. and Canada on the contemporary crisis of civic consciousness, foundations of constitutionalism, and modern political philosophy. He delivered the John Witherspoon Lecture titled “Republicanism and Religion: A Conspiracy of Faith and Reason” (Washington, D.C., April 2004); addressed University of Genoa conference on EU constitution-formation (May 2004).
Works.
Editorial work.
Ellis Sandoz is a member of the Editorial Board and serves as General Editor of The Collected Works of Eric Voegelin (LSU, 1989–1999; University of Missouri Press, 1999–2008) 34 vols., and series editor for CW, vols. 19-26, History of Political Ideas.

</doc>
<doc id="19889832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889832" title="Raymond York">
Raymond York

Raymond York (born 1933) is a retired American Thoroughbred horse racing jockey who rode in a record seven consecutive decades. 
During his long career, Ray York rode primarily in California where he won the 1964 Hollywood Gold Cup and twice won the West Coast's most important race for three-year-old horses, the Santa Anita Derby. He also won important Graded stakes races at New York State tracks including the 1952 edition of the Withers Stakes.
In 1954, Ray York earned the most significant win of his career when he rode Determine to victory in the Kentucky Derby. In his only appearance in the Preakness Stakes, in 1952 York rode Armageddon to a tenth place showing. In 1955 he was voted the George Woolf Memorial Jockey Award in recognition of his racing success accomplished with a high standard of personal and professional conduct, on and off the racetrack.
Ray York retired in 1992 having won 3,082 races. On January 13, 2000, the 66-year-old became the first jockey to ride in seven different decades when he rode a 4-year-old gelding named Culebra to a tenth-place finish in a seven-furlong claiming race at Santa Anita Park in Arcadia, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19889836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889836" title="Obaidullah Sarwar">
Obaidullah Sarwar

Obaidullah Sarwar (born January 29, 1973) was a Pakistani cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm off-break bowler. He was born in Daska.
Sarwar made his first two first-class appearances in the Patron's Trophy competition of 2001/02, for the Water and Power Development Authority. His scores were unsteady for the team, but by the start of the 2001/02 Quaid-e-Azam Trophy, he had been picked up by the Lahore Blues.
Sarwar's best score of the competition came in his second match, against the Lahore Whites, in which he scored 33 runs. Despite his form stabilizing toward the end of the competition, he played just one further match in the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19889839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889839" title="Basit Saeed">
Basit Saeed

Basit Saeed (born August 10, 1969) was a Pakistani cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler who played for Sialkot. He was born in Sialkot.
Basit made his debut in Grade II of the Quaid-e-Azam Trophy competition of 2000/01, making 30 runs in his debut innings, partnering 19-year-old Majid Jahangir.
Basit's debut first-class appearance came after Sialkot's promotion into Grade I of the competition, the following season. Basit's first substantial contribution came against the Rest of Punjab, against whom he scored 42 runs in the first innings of the match and 14* in the second. Saeed was unable to continue this good form in the final game of the competition.
Saeed played just one further game for Sialkot, in a One-Day competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19889842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889842" title="Asian Culture (journal)">
Asian Culture (journal)

Asian Culture (Yazhou Wenhua, 亞洲文化) is the official journal of the Singapore Society of Asian Studies. It is a bilingual refereed journal and was first published in February 1983. "Asian Culture" started off as a biannual journal until 1990 when it became an annual journal. The current Chief Editor is Leo Suryadinata, the Director of the Chinese Heritage Centre and President of the Singapore Society of Asian Studies.

</doc>
<doc id="19889850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889850" title="Aarno Maliniemi">
Aarno Maliniemi

Aarno Henrik Maliniemi (surname until 1930 "Malin"; 9 May 1892 in Oulu – 8 October 1972 in Helsinki), was a Finnish historian, professor in church history at Helsinki University 1945-1960.
Maliniemi had large knowledge in Medieval church. He has also studied early Finnish literature, and he has been editor for publications on sources and bibliographies.
Maliniemi was entitled "doctor honoris causa" by University of Uppsala in 1952 and by University of St Andrews in 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="19889889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889889" title="Quadrature modulation">
Quadrature modulation

Quadrature modulation is the general technique of modulating two carriers.
Examples include Quadrature amplitude modulation, Phase-shift keying, and Minimum-shift keying.
Constellation diagrams are used to examine the modulation in the 2-D signal space.
Explanation.
Sending a signal by amplitude modulation consists of sending the function
where formula_2 is the signal to encode and formula_3 is the carrier wave, formula_4 is the carrier frequency – one is changing the amplitude of a carrier wave to encode the signal, hence amplitude modulation.
In general one could also change the phase of phase by using a sine wave, as in:
this 90° (the angle of a rectangle, or a 1/4 turn) is why it is called "quadrature" modulation, and the symbols formula_2 and formula_7 indicate the "in-phase" signal and "quadrature" signal.
In terms of Euler's formula, formula_8 amplitude modulation encodes a 1-dimensional "real" signal, while quadrature modulation encodes a 2-dimensional "complex" signal. This viewpoint, that a wave of a given frequency can encode 2 dimensions of data, is elaborated in Fourier analysis, and is the principle that quadrature modulation exploits.
Clocking.
The added channel capacity is not costless, however.
An amplitude-modulated signal is self-clocking – it has zero-crossings at a regular frequency as a clock pulse. A quadrature-modulated signal, by contrast, has no such pulse, and thus sender and receiver must share a clock or otherwise send a clock signal – if the clocks drift by phase φ, which corresponds to rotation by φ in the formula_9 plane, then the "I" and "Q" signal bleed into each other, yielding crosstalk.
In this context, the clock signal is called a "phase reference" – in NTSC, which uses quadrature amplitude modulation, this is conveyed by the color burst, a synchronization signal.
By contrast, in polar modulation, clock drift simply degrades the phase-modulated signal.
Polar modulation.
Quadrature modulates two signals by changing the in-phase and quadrature phase components, corresponding to Cartesian coordinates. By contrast, one can instead consider this to be changing the amplitude and phase of a wave, which corresponds to polar coordinates. The corresponding modulation is called polar modulation, and was developed earlier, in the 1874 quadruplex telegraph by Thomas Edison.

</doc>
<doc id="19889925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889925" title="The Frogmore Poetry Prize">
The Frogmore Poetry Prize

The Frogmore Poetry Prize is a prize awarded annually by The Frogmore Press. It was first awarded in 1987. The honorarium includes two hundred guineas. The winners are published in the bi-annual literary magazine "The Frogmore Papers".

</doc>
<doc id="19889954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889954" title="Robert Street Corridor">
Robert Street Corridor

The Robert Street Corridor is a proposed light rail or bus rapid transit corridor, from downtown Saint Paul, Minnesota, to its southern suburbs. Robert Street is named after Captain Louis Robert, an early resident of Saint Paul. The corridor's population is expected to grow 45% and 27% more jobs are expected to come to the area from 2000 to 2030. In the 2006 state bonding bill, $500,000 was set aside to study the feasibility of adding mass transit. The corridor will most likely be bus rapid transit due to low ridership levels. In the Metropolitan Council's 2030 Transportation Policy Plan Robert Street is one of nine arterial streets that are recommended for bus rapid transit. Six of the nine corridors would be built by 2020 and the remaining three would be built by 2030.

</doc>
<doc id="19889994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19889994" title="Kilburn Dam">
Kilburn Dam

The Kilburn Dam, an earth-fill type dam and part of the Tugela-Vaal Water Project and Drakensberg Pumped Storage Scheme, is located lower than the Sterkfontein Dam, on the Mnjaneni River, near Bergville, KwaZulu-Natal, province of South Africa. The dam was commissioned in 1981, has a capacity of , and a surface area of , the dam wall is high. The main purpose of the dam assembly is to serve for the generation of hydro-electricity and its hazard potential has been ranked high (3).

</doc>
<doc id="19890023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890023" title="The Co-operative Food">
The Co-operative Food

The Co-operative Food, commonly referred to as the Co-op, is a brand devised for the grocery business of the consumer co-operative movement in the United Kingdom. Successor to Co-op Welcome and a range of regional formats, it is the largest division of The Co-operative Group and is also used by a number of regional societies. Customers can earn a share of the profits in proportion to purchases through The Co-operative Membership scheme.
Operations.
Whilst the UK co-operative sector's market share of food retail has diminished from a peak of 30% in the 1950s to just 6.4% today, The Co-operative Group remains the fifth largest food retailer in the United Kingdom. It operates over 3,300 stores of various sizes with the biggest geographical spread of any retailer, with a store in every postal region of the UK. The Group took the decision not to compete head-on with the Big Four supermarket multiples on range and price in a market that was becoming ever more competitive. It decided to concentrate instead on smaller stores which were in local communities. It also began to market the "co-operative difference" and the ethical stance it took on sourcing, having long been a supporter of Fairtrade. 
An example is the iconic "Co-op 99" brand tea that has now joined all other own-brand beverages in becoming Fairtrade. In addition all Co-operative own-brand health, beauty and household products are marked with an "approved by BUAV" rabbit symbol to show that neither the product nor its ingredients have been tested on animals. 
The Co-operative Food brand appears on own label goods stocked by all of the UK's retail co-operative societies, while many of the regional societies also use the brand on their stores. 
According to Catherine Charnock of Co-operative Brands Ltd., The Co-operative Food was given a green identifying colour distinguishing it from other co-operative business sectors (such as pharmacy, banking, travel and funerals) and from the previous blue livery.
Retailer Somerfield Stores Ltd. was acquired by The Co-operative Group on 2 March 2009 in a £1.57 billion deal; the brand was replaced by The Co-operative Food fascia within two years of this acquisition.
The company's in-store "Co-operative Radio" is produced and broadcast by Mood Media
Distribution.
Co-operative Food Supply Chain Logistics is the distribution business of the Co-operative Group. The 14 distribution centres are located at 
Barnsley RDC was closed in April 2007. Ossett, Talke and Bradford were closed in September 2010. Eccleshall closed November 2010. Following the opening of the Newhouse depot, and [Cumbernauld closed in October 2011. Peterborough and Huntworth also closed in October 2011. Following the opening of the Avonmouth depot, Chelston closed in December 2012. 
A composite distribution centre opened in June 2011 on the site of the former RAF Air Field in Andover, Hampshire, replacing the current facilities at Fareham, Southampton and Thetford.
A further distribution centre is planned at Castlewood, near Mansfield in the North Midlands and will open in Spring 2013. NOW OPEN
Membership.
Members of The Co-operative Group and participating regional societies earn one membership point for every £1.00 spent at The Co-operative Food. Points are converted into dividend at a rate agreed annually by the Board.
Product ranges.
Ranges include:

</doc>
<doc id="19890049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890049" title="Second Temple period">
Second Temple period

The Second Temple period in Jewish history lasted between 530 BCE and 70 CE, when the Second Temple of Jerusalem existed. The sects of Pharisees, Sadduccees, Essenes, and Zealots were formed during this period. The Second Temple period ended with the First Jewish–Roman War and the Roman destruction of Jerusalem and the Temple. 
After the death of the last Jewish Prophets of the antiquity and still under Persian rule, the leadership of the Jewish people was in the hands of five successive generations of zugot ("pairs of") leaders. They flourished first under the Persians (c. 539–c. 332 BCE), then under the Greeks (c. 332-167 BCE), then under an independent Hasmonean Kingdom (140-37 BCE), and then under the Romans (63 BCE-132 CE).
During this period, Second Temple Judaism can be seen as shaped by three major crises and their results, as various groups of Jews reacted to them differently. First came the destruction of the Kingdom of Judah in 587/6 BCE, when the Judeans lost their independence, monarchy, holy city and First Temple and were mostly exiled to Babylon. They consequently faced a theological crisis involving the nature, power, and goodness of God and were also threatened culturally, racially, and ceremonially as they were thrown into proximity with other peoples and religious groups. The absence of recognized prophets later in the period left them without their version of divine guidance at a time when they felt most in need of support and direction. The second crisis was the growing influence of Hellenism in Judaism, which culminated in the Maccabean Revolt of 167 BCE. The third crisis was the Roman occupation of the region, beginning with Pompey and his sack of Jerusalem in 63 BCE. This included the appointment of Herod the Great as King of the Jews by the Roman Senate, the Herodian Kingdom of Judea comprising parts of what today are Israel, Palestinian Authority, Gaza Strip, Jordan, Lebanon and Syria.
Construction of the Second Temple.
Construction of the Second Temple was completed under the leadership of the last three Jewish Prophets Haggai, Zechariah and Malachi with Persian approval and financing. 
Based on the biblical account, after the return from Babylonian captivity under Zerubbabel, arrangements were almost immediately made to reorganize the desolated Yehud Province after the demise of the Kingdom of Judah seventy years earlier. The body of pilgrims, forming a band of 42,360, having completed the long and dreary journey of some four months, from the banks of the Euphrates to Jerusalem, were animated in all their proceedings by a strong religious impulse, and therefore one of their first concerns was to restore their ancient house of worship by rebuilding their destroyed Temple and reinstituting the sacrificial rituals known as the "korbanot".
On the invitation of Zerubbabel, the governor, who showed them a remarkable example of liberality by contributing personally 1,000 golden darics, besides other gifts, the people poured their gifts into the sacred treasury with great enthusiasm. First they erected and dedicated the altar of God on the exact spot where it had formerly stood, and they then cleared away the charred heaps of debris which occupied the site of the old temple; and in the second month of the second year (535 BCE), amid great public excitement and rejoicing, the foundations of the Second Temple were laid. A wide interest was felt in this great movement, although it was regarded with mingled feelings by the spectators.
The Samaritans made proposals for co-operation in the work. Zerubbabel and the elders, however, declined all such cooperation, feeling that the Jews must build the Temple without help. Immediately evil reports were spread regarding the Jews. According to Ezra 4:5, the Samaritans sought to "frustrate their purpose" and sent messengers to Ecbatana and Susa, with the result that the work was suspended.
Seven years later, Cyrus the Great, who allowed the Jews to return to their homeland and rebuild the Temple, died, and was succeeded by his son Cambyses. On his death, the "false Smerdis", an imposter, occupied the throne for some seven or eight months, and then Darius I of Persia became king (522 BCE). In the second year of this monarch the work of rebuilding the temple was resumed and carried forward to its completion, under the stimulus of the earnest counsels and admonitions of the prophets Haggai and Zechariah. It was ready for consecration in the spring of 516 BCE, more than twenty years after the return from captivity. The Temple was completed on the third day of the month Adar, in the sixth year of the reign of King Darius, amid great rejoicings on the part of all the people although it was evident that the Jews were no longer an independent people, but were subject to a foreign power. The Book of Haggai includes a prediction that the glory of the second temple would be greater than that of the first.
Hellenistic era.
In 332 BCE the Persians were defeated by Alexander the Great. After his demise, and the division of Alexander's empire among his generals, the Seleucid Kingdom was formed.
During this time currents of Judaism were influenced by Hellenistic philosophy developed from the 3rd century BCE, notably the Jewish diaspora in Alexandria, culminating in the compilation of the Septuagint. An important advocate of the symbiosis of Jewish theology and Hellenistic thought is Philo.
Hasmonean era.
A deterioration of relations between hellenized Jews and religious Jews led the Seleucid king Antiochus IV Epiphanes to impose decrees banning certain Jewish religious rites and traditions. Consequently, the orthodox Jews revolted under the leadership of the Hasmonean family, (also known as the Maccabees). This revolt eventually led to the formation of an independent Judean kingdom, under the Hasmonaean Dynasty, which lasted from 165 to 37 BCE. The Hasmonean Dynasty eventually disintegrated as a result of civil war between the sons of Salome Alexandra - Hyrcanus II and Aristobulus II. The people, who did not want to be governed by a king but by theocratic clergy, made appeals in this spirit to the Roman authorities. A Roman intervention in the civil war in Judea was then made, following Syrian campaign of conquest and annexation, led by Pompey. The pro-Parthian Hasmonean rival brother however soon brought Parthian support and the throne changed until Herod the Great established himself as a new pro-Roman king of Judea.
Herodian Kingdom and Tetrarchy.
Judean kingdom under Herod experienced a period of growth and expansion. As a close and loyal ally to the Romans, Herod extended his rule as far as Arabia, created ambitious projects of construction and renovated the Temple.
After Herod's death in 4 BCE, the kingdom was partitioned to several parts to each of his three sons (initially four parts) - forming the Tetrarchy. The central part of the Tetrarchy was given to Herod Archelaus, including Judea proper, Idumea and Samaria. In 6 CE, the country fell into unrest, and the Herodian ruler of Judea was deposited in favor of forming a new Roman province - Roman Judea. Philip ruled Ituraea and Trachonitis until his death in 34 CE when he was succeeded as tetrarch by Herod Agrippa I, who had previously been ruler of Chalcis. Agrippa surrendered Chalcis to his brother Herod and ruled in Philip’s stead. On the death of Herod Antipas in 39 CE Herod Agrippa became ruler of Galilee also, and in 41 CE, as a mark of favour by the emperor Claudius, succeeded the Roman prefect Marullus as ruler of Iudaea. With this acquisition, the Herodian Kingdom of the Jews was nominally re-established until 44 CE though there is no indication that status as the Roman province was suspended.
Roman Judea.
The Roman province of Judaea extended over parts of the former regions of the Hasmonean and Herodian kingdoms. It was created in 6 ce with the Census of Quirinius and merged into Syria Palaestina after 135 ce.

</doc>
<doc id="19890058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890058" title="Eda Warren">
Eda Warren

Eda Warren (October 17, 1903 - July 15, 1980) was an American film editor. She began her Hollywood career as a secretary and started editing films in the late 1920s. Her editing career continued through 1968.

</doc>
<doc id="19890095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890095" title="Super Hits (Ricky Van Shelton album)">
Super Hits (Ricky Van Shelton album)

Super Hits is a budget music compilation of Ricky Van Shelton released by Columbia Records after he had left the label. Sony Records re-released the compilation the same year under their budget label with a different cover. It includes many of his hit singles as well as album tracks.
"Super Hits" was certified Gold by the RIAA for sales of 500,000 copies.
Critical reception.
"Super Hits" received four out of five stars from Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic. Erlewine concludes that the album is "not bad" but "far from definitive.".
Chart performance.
"Super Hits" peaked at #64 on the U.S. "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart the week of June 17, 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="19890111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890111" title="Damn Right, Rebel Proud">
Damn Right, Rebel Proud

Damn Right, Rebel Proud is the fourth album released by Hank Williams III. It was released on October 21, 2008. The album was released in two separate versions, one being a censored release for major retailers, the other is uncensored.
Track listing.
All songs written by Hank Williams III except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="19890118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19890118" title="Mail sorter">
Mail sorter

First used by postal services to expedite and automate mail processing, mail sorting systems are now also used by corporations and other mailers to presort mail prior to delivery in order to earn discounts on postage. In the United States, for example, presort discounts can reduce the cost of First-Class Mail from $0.42 to as low as $0.324. Many companies also use mail sorters to handle incoming mail such as checks, orders and correspondence.
History.
For much of the 20th Century, mail was sorted by hand using what is called a “pigeon-hole messagebox” method. Addresses were read and manually slotted into specific compartments. While early forms of a mechanical mail sorter were developed and tested in the 1920s, the first sorting machine was put into operation in the 1950s.
To handle rapidly growing mail volumes, the United States Postal Service installed the first semiautomatic sorting machine on April 10, 1957. The Transorma Letter Sorting Machine, manufactured by the Dutch company Werkspoor and distributed in the United States by Pitney Bowes, consisted of an upper and lower section, a conveyor belt transport and a series of five sorting keyboards. Operators read the destination and keyed a sorting code. The letter was then automatically transferred to a letter tray and deposited into one of 300 chutes. The Transorma could sort 15,000 letters per hour, double the amount that the same number of clerks could do by hand.
In 1965, the Postal Service put the first high-speed optical character reader (OCR) into operation that could handle a preliminary sort automatically. And in 1982, the first computer-driven single-line optical character reader was employed – which reads the mailpiece destination address then prints a barcode on the envelope that could be used to automate mail sorting from start to finish.
With the U.S. Postal Service introduction of postal worksharing, ZIP + 4 and the POSTNET barcode in 1980, companies were given an incentive to sort their mail prior to inducting it at the Post Office. Today, presort and automation discounts can save companies up to 50% or more on postage—and many companies use Mail Sorters to sort both incoming and outgoing mail.
Outgoing mail sorters.
Mail sorters can process up to 55,000 #10 envelopes per hour. Systems can scan and archive mail piece images during the sort process for compliance and proof of mailing. Multi-Line Optical Character Reader (MLOCR) technology can also read and validate both machine-print and handwritten pieces.
Incoming mail sorters.
Companies who receive a high-volume of incoming mail, including remittance checks, orders and correspondence, use mail sorters to help ensure that mail reaches the right person or department quickly and efficiently.
New technologies.
Recent innovations allow for mixed mail sorting—providing for postal discounts on letters, small parcels, flat mailers, irregularly shaped pieces, padded envelopes and even Polywrap sheets.
In 2007, the USPS introduced Shape-Based Pricing which offered more significant postal discounts for mailers who sorted flat-sized mailpieces. In response to this postal change, the market responded with new low-cost systems designed specifically to support flat mail sorting for mailers who process between 500 and 10,000 First-Class flats per day.

</doc>
