<doc id="20018509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018509" title="Horatio Barber">
Horatio Barber

Captain Horatio Claude Barber (1875–1964) was an early British aviation pioneer and First World War flight instructor. In 1911 he flew the first cargo flight in Britain, transporting electric light bulbs from Shoreham to Hove. He was also the first person in Great Britain to gain an aeronautical degree.
Biography.
Barber was one of the first aviation pioneers and within a few years of the first powered flight he leased a railway arch in Battersea to design and produce aircraft. In 1909 he moved to Lark Hill on Salisbury Plain and formed the Aeronautical Syndicate Limited to produce his designs.
In early 1910 he began fly his designs and in late September 1910 he became the first occupant of Hendon Aerodrome, newly established by the London Aerodrome Co, where he leased three hangars. His Valkyrie design started test flying from there in October 1910, Barber using the aircraft to gain his Aero Club Certificate (No. 30) in November of that year. The company gave four Valkyries to the government and one aircraft and military pilot were lost in an accident in September 1911. Barber carried on with some experimental work, producing a tractor biplane called the ASL Viking early in 1912, but in April 1912 he dissolved the Syndicate, having failed to achieve any commercial success. The company's aircraft and equipment were sold, mostly to Frederick Handley Page. Barber continued to work as an aeronautical consultant, with an office at 59 Pall Mall in London.
In 1912 he tried to insure himself against any liability from passengers of his aircraft, this was unknown at the time and Lloyd's asked him to write his own policy, the first aircraft insurance policy.
Barber served in the First World War in the Royal Flying Corps (RFC) and later the Royal Air Force (RAF). He was one of the first flying instructors at Shoreham and he also invented a number of training aids. Barber was in charge of all flying training in England.
In 1917 he published a book "The Aeroplane Speaks" and in 1927 "Aerobatics". After the war he continued his involvement in aircraft insurance. 
He died in 1964.
Legacy.
A replica of his Valkyrie design is on display at Fantasy of Flight in Polk City, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="20018523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018523" title="Aleksander Myshlayevsky">
Aleksander Myshlayevsky

Aleksandr Zakharevich Myshlayevsky (1856–1920) was a Russian general during World War I. He was the deputy commander of the Caucasian Army and its field commander during the Battle of Sarıkamış. He was originally a military historian graduated from Imperial General Staff Academy. Myshlayvevsky was dismissed from service in March 1915.

</doc>
<doc id="20018552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018552" title="Lewis Grant">
Lewis Grant

Lewis Grant may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20018555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018555" title="Horse Creek Wildlife Management Area">
Horse Creek Wildlife Management Area

Horse Creek Wildlife Management Area is located in Wyoming County near Pineville, West Virginia. Located on that includes a small lake, the open fields of the WMA are bordered by steep hardwood forest.
To reach the Horse Creek WMA from Pineville, follow WV Route 97 west about to Horse Creek Road (County Route 816). Turn left (east) on Horse Creek Road for about to Horse Creek Lake and the Horse Creek WMA.
Hunting and Fishing.
Hunting opportunities are limited by the small acreage of the Horse Creek WMA. Prospects for hunting include deer, raccoon, and squirrel.
Fishing opportunities in the Horse Creek Lake include largemouth bass, bluegill, channel catfish and trout.
Camping is not permitted in the WMA.

</doc>
<doc id="20018556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018556" title="Robert Hugh MacKay">
Robert Hugh MacKay

Robert Hugh MacKay (June 30, 1868 – 1941) was a businessman and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Pictou County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1909 to 1920 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Riverton, Nova Scotia, the son of Daniel MacKay and Christy Ann Robertson. MacKay was educated in Stellarton. In 1897, he married Margaret Fraser. MacKay was mayor of Westville in 1907. He ran unsuccessfully for a seat in the provincial assembly in 1906. MacKay was an unsuccessful candidate for a seat in the House of Commons in 1917 and 1925.

</doc>
<doc id="20018563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018563" title="Blessed Unrest">
Blessed Unrest

Blessed Unrest: How the Largest Movement in the World Came into Being and Why No One Saw It Coming is a 2007 "New York Times" bestseller by Paul Hawken. The book is about the many non-profit groups and community organizations, dedicated to many different causes, which Hawken calls the “environmental and social justice movement”. Hawken explains that this is a diverse movement with no charismatic leader. The movement follows no unifying ideology, and is not recognized by politicians, the public and the media. But, Hawken argues, it has the potential to benefit the planet. 
A "New York Times" reviewer states that "Blessed Unrest" is "about a movement that no one has noticed, not even the people involved". For this reviewer, the "high point of the book is Hawken’s excellent critique of the chemical industry’s attack on Rachel Carson’s "Silent Spring" in 1962", at a time when she was fighting cancer. Hawken also tells the stories of other people who have endured hardship and difficulty as they stood up to large corporations.

</doc>
<doc id="20018570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018570" title="Hanaho">
Hanaho

HanaHo Games Inc, is a division of Semco/PVG, services the commercial coin-op industry. HanaHo primarily produced the HotRod arcade joystick. they also sold a line of non-coin operated (the machines had an coin door, but it was non-functional) PC game machines that included 50 game titles from Capcom. Company started by Tony Hanna and Conway Ho. Headquartered in Cerritos, California.
In January 2010, the official website was "down for maintenance". As of October 2013, it now points to another domain, www.braintreatmentcenter.com.
History.
Through the 60s and mid 70s Semco produced store displays for Disney, Circuit City, Sears, Kraco Radio, JD industries, and Complete Warehouse Video showroom displays.
In the 80s the video game era came to a peak and Semco acquired PVG (Pacific Video Games) and started producing arcade cabinets for companies including Gremlin/Sega's Frogger, Star Trek, and Zaxxon, Wedges/Ledges, Lealand's Dragon's Lair and Super Off Road arcade video games cabinets, Indian Gaming Reservation Slot machines, Video Poker machines, Capcom's Street Fighter arcade video game cabinets, and Sega Gameworks Custom Classic Cabinets and Custom Arcade cabinets.
In December 2007, Capcom Games filed a federal lawsuit for copyright and trademark infringement against Hanaho Games and its President Conway Ho.

</doc>
<doc id="20018599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018599" title="Cape San Antonio">
Cape San Antonio

Cape San Antonio, or in Spanish Cabo San Antonio, may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20018631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018631" title="R. Tracy Seyfert">
R. Tracy Seyfert

R. Tracy Seyfert is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, representing the 5th District from 1997 through her resignation in 2000.
Seyfert attended Mountain View Joint Schools. She earned her undergraduate degree from Villa Maria College (now part of Gannon University), her M.A. from Edinboro University of Pennsylvania, and a Ph.D. from University of Pittsburgh in 1988. She worked as a psychologist before joining the Erie County, Pennsylvania Council.
Seyfert won election in 1996, running on her experience as a member of the Erie County, Pennsylvania Council and her pledge to reduce the size of the Pennsylvania state government.
On September 9, 1999, federal and state investigators raided Seyfert's home, located in "Tracy's Ridge" in Millcreek Township, Pennsylvania, and seized a 10-ton (1,500 kilowatt) generating unit and 500-gallon oil tank. New units of that size cost $160,000 and require a crane and flatbed truck to move and are capable of supplying power to a coal mine, a lumber yard, or emergency power to the USX Tower. The total value of the units was less than $1,000.
Prosecutors alleged that in April 1999, Seyfert enlisted Elk Creek Township Supervisor Harold "Frosty" Crane to help her acquire the equipment, which was slated to be transferred to a volunteer fire department. Individuals are prohibited from acquiring such equipment through this program.
Seyfert pleaded guilty to theft of federal property and conspiring to influence a witness on May 12, 2000. In the plea agreement, prosecutors agreed to drop more serious charges that she attempted to have a witness change his testimony. The judge sentenced her to five years in federal prison and assessed a $5,000 fine. Seyfert was released from federal prison on March 20, 2001.
Joseph Wenzel, a former legislative aide and close associate of Seyfert, pleaded guilty to conspiracy to tamper with a witness in Seyfert's trial. Wenzel admitted to working with Seyfert to get Harold "Frosty" Crane to lie to the FBI during its investigation. In exchange for his guilty plea, federal prosecutors "agreed not to pursue accusations that Wenzel asked his brother to kill the witness.

</doc>
<doc id="20018643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018643" title="Jan Zdeněk Bartoš">
Jan Zdeněk Bartoš

Jan Zdeněk Bartoš (4 June 1908, Dvůr Králové nad Labem – 1 June 1981, Prague) was a Czech composer.
Biography.
Bartoš started to play the violin as a pupil of Karel Hršel in Hradec Králové. In 1924, after he graduated from business school, Bartoš left for France. He played as a concertmaster of the "Messageries Maritimes" naval company in Marseille. From 1929 to 1931 he travelled with that company to Africa, Asia and Madagascar. Following his return, he studied music theory with Otakar Šín and Jaroslav Křička at the Prague Conservatory. He graduated in 1943. From 1956 he worked at the Czech Ministry of Education and taught composition and music theory at the Prague Conservatory.
He composed two operas, an operetta, four symphonies, chamber music, cantatas, songs cycles and theatre music.

</doc>
<doc id="20018644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018644" title="HMS Attack (1911)">
HMS Attack (1911)

HMS "Attack" was an "Acheron"-class destroyer built in 1911, which served during the First World War and was sunk in 1917 in the Mediterranean by a German U-Boat. She was the third ship of the name to serve in the Royal Navy.
Construction.
She was laid down at the Yarrow & Company yard in Scotstoun, Glasgow, and was launched on 12 December 1911.
"Attack" and used steam at higher pressures than the other "Acheron"-class destroyers and consequently were faster than the standard Admiralty-designed members of their class. Achieving on trials, she carried two guns, other smaller guns and torpedo tubes and had a complement of 70 men.
Career.
As part of the First Destroyer Flotilla, she was attached to the Grand Fleet in August 1914, and then to the Third Battle Squadron from the spring of 1916.
Battle of Heligoland Bight.
As part of the Harwich Force, the First Destroyer Flotilla took part in the Battle of Heligoland Bight on 28 August 1914.
Battle of Dogger Bank.
On 24 January 1915, "Attack", commanded by Lieutenant Commander Cyril Callaghan, took part in the Battle of Dogger Bank as part of the First Destroyer Flotilla. In the final stages of the battle, at 11:20, with his flagship — the battlecruiser — seriously damaged, Vice Admiral Beatty called "Attack" to come alongside. He shifted his flag into her at 11:34, and used her to rejoin the rest of the battlecruisers, shifting again into at 12:20.
Sinking of "U-12".
On 10 March 1915, in company with her sisters and , "Attack" was searching for a German submarine reported by the trawler "Man Island" near Aberdeen. At 10:10, "Attack" sighted "U-12" and opened fire. "Ariel" sighted the submarine at 10:12 at about and all three destroyers turned towards it. "U-12" dived and raised her periscope, which "Ariel" sighted at a distance of . She turned to ram, sighting the conning tower under the water in the final moments before she struck the submarine at a fine angle. Within two minutes, the submarine had returned to the surface so that the crew could escape, but they found the conning tower hatch jammed, and most of the survivors managed their escape via the other hatches. The destroyers opened fire as the submarine lay on the surface, killing and injuring some of the escaping sailors. At 10:30, "U-12" sank approximately in position , and the destroyers picked up 10 survivors; 19 lives had been lost. The damage to "Ariel"s bows was so serious that she had to be towed into port.
Battle of Jutland.
"Attack" took part in the Battle of Jutland on 31 May 1916. Commanded by Lt Cdr C H N James, she formed part of the First Destroyer Flotilla, led by .
HMS "Dunraven".
On 8 August 1917, "Attack" went to the aid of , a Royal Navy Q-ship which had been seriously damaged in a battle with . Despite the aid of several Royal Navy and US Navy ships, "Dunraven" sank at 01:30 early on 10 August 1917.
Mediterranean Service.
In 1917, the Third Battle Squadron was sent to the Mediterranean.
Loss.
On 27 December 1917, "Attack" and two Imperial Japanese Navy destroyers escorted two transport ships, and SS "Nile", from Malta to Egypt. The convoy weathered a gale, and off the Egyptian coast at daybreak on Sunday 30 December it divided. "Nile" and the two Japanese destroyers proceeded to Port Said, while "Aragon" and "Attack" made for Alexandria. "Aragon" and "Attack" were in Alexandria Roads about or outside the port, awaiting permission to enter, when at about 1100 hrs the German Type UC II submarine torpedoed "Aragon", which rapidly began to sink.
"Attack" and the armed trawler came to the rescue. "Attack" drew right alongside "Aragon" to take survivors aboard as quickly as possible, helped by lines cast between the two ships. About 17 to 20 minutes after being hit "Aragon" went down, and she suffered a second explosion as the cold seawater reached her hot boilers. Some of her boats were left upturned in the water.
"Attack" was now crowded with 300 to 400 survivors: some naked, some wounded, many unconscious and dying. One soldier, Sergeant Harold Riddlesworth of the Cheshire Regiment, repeatedly dived from the destroyer into the sea to rescue more survivors. He survived and was decorated with the Meritorious Service Medal.
Then a torpedo struck "Attack" amidships and blew her into two pieces, both of which sank with five to seven minutes. The explosion ruptured "Attack"s bunkers, spilling tons of thick, black bunker fuel oil into the sea as she sank. Hundreds of men were in the water, and many of them became covered in oil or overcome by its fumes. "Aragon"s surviving lifeboats now ferried hundreds of survivors to the two trawlers and other trawlers came out to assist.
While 10 sailors from "Attack" died, 600 lives were lost in "Aragon". The wrecks of both ships now lie in an approximate position of .

</doc>
<doc id="20018649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018649" title="Soho Lights">
Soho Lights

Soho Lights is the debut album by UK-based band TAT. The album was released on October 28, 2008.
Track listing.
Bonus Tracks
Information.
All Tracks written by Tatiana DeMaria except:

</doc>
<doc id="20018662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018662" title="Maschinenbauanstalt Humboldt">
Maschinenbauanstalt Humboldt

The Maschinenbauanstalt Humboldt was a German mechanical engineering firm in Cologne-Kalk and a precursor to the firm of Deutz AG. It was founded in 1871 as "Maschinenbau A.G. Humboldt", liquidated due to debts in 1884 and reformed as "Maschinenbauanstalt Humboldt A.G.".
Its predecessor was a company run by Wimmar Breuer, who had manufactured perforated plate in Kalk since 1853. It was expanded in 1856 by Breuer and shareholders, Neuerburg and Sievers, into the "Maschinenfabrik für den Bergbau von Sievers & Co." at Kalk near Deutz am Rhein. 
In 1896, under the name of "Maschinenbauanstalt Humboldt", locomotive construction was begun. To that end, the site of a bankrupt engineering works in Güstrow was procured and, on 24 September 1898, the first steam locomotive was delivered. Amongst others, the company built 81 units of the Prussian S 6 locomotive from 1911 to 1913 as well as some 77 units of various Prussian G 5 locomotive variants. 
On 22 December 1924 a shareholding agreement was concluded with the "Gasmotoren-Fabrik Deutz AG". In 1925 the "Öllokomotivenbau" (Oil Locomotive Works) resulted, in which Humboldt, the "Gasmotoren-Fabrik Deutz" and the locomotive works of "Henschel & Sohn" at Kassel had shares. After building just one locomotive, however, the company was dissolved again in 1928. That same year Humboldt ceased locomotive production, after having delivered over 1700 locomotives, due to a lack of orders. On 17 October 1930, Humboldt merged with the "Gasmotoren-Fabrik Deutz" to form "Humboldt-Deutz-Motoren". In 1938 the "Isselburger Hütte" was taken over, and a deal with the "Klöckner Werke" resulted in the famous name of "Klöckner-Humboldt-Deutz (KHD)". Today part of that name still appears in the firm KHD Humboldt Wedag International, a cement manufacturer that was formerly part of Deutz AG.

</doc>
<doc id="20018667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018667" title="Madhopur, Punjab">
Madhopur, Punjab

Madhopur (Hindi: माधोपुर,पंजाब) is a town located in tehsil Pathankot, Gurdaspur Punjab, India.
Madhopur is located at . It has an average elevation of 332 metres (1089 feet).
About.
Madhopur lies on the Pathankot - Jammu national highway, NH-1A - the only road link that Jammu and Kashmir has with the rest of the country. Madhopur is well connected with whole country by road air and train and nearest main station from Madhopur is Pathankot at a distance of 9.5 km. It was a part of the Nurpur Princely state ruled by the Pathania Rajputs prior to 1849 A.D. Now it is known as "Gateway of Punjab" a meeting point of the three northern states of Punjab, Himachal Pradesh and Jammu and Kashmir. Due to its ideal location, Madhopur serves as a travel hub for the three northerly states i.e. Punjab (Jammu and Kashmir and Himachal) and is a hub for the Indian Army. Madhopur is the small town in the state of Punjab in terms of population. It is the last point in Punjab on the national highway that connects Jammu and Kashmir with the rest of India. This bestows strategic importance on the town and due to this strategic position Madhopur is also known as Gateway of Punjab. Upper Bari Doab Canal start from here, which is best known for it’s Asia's foremost Hydraulic Research Station at the Upper Bari Doab Canal in Malikpur Sujanpur. Madhopur is situated in the picturesque foothills of Kangra and Dalhousie, with the river Ravi flowing close by, the city is often used as a rest-stop before heading into the mountains of Jammu and Kashmir, Dalhousie, Chamba, and Kangra, deep into the Himalayas. Madhopur Head works which date back to the Munhall era.
Main Attraction of Madhopur.
Head works of Upper Bari Doab, Osho's Ashram and Shahpur Kandi are the attractions of this area. Madhopur is also used as a gateway point to the Jammu And Kashmir hill stations of Kathua, Patni Top, Gulmarg. Madhopur is famous for its natural beauty. A garden made by Britishers known as Pari Garden is here, there are several buildings are there that belongs to British era, View of Head works of Upper bari Doab from Madhopur is great and Madhopur to Shahpur Kandi Road will give you nature's best views.
You can enjoy stay at Madhopur as you can go to the bank of Ravi river in the evening it looks very beautiful.
Airports close to Mādhopur.
Pathankot (9.5 km) Jammu (103.4 km) Amritsar (136.5 km) Kulu (206.1 km)

</doc>
<doc id="20018691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018691" title="William Davison Hill">
William Davison Hill

William Davison Hill (February 28, 1860 – 1944) was a farmer and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Colchester County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1906 to 1911 as a Liberal member.
He was born in at Five Islands, Colchester County, Nova Scotia, the son of Daniel Hill and Esther Davison. In 1876, Hill married Nancy Fulton. Some time afterwards, he moved from the family farm and bought his own farm at Onslow. Hill raised cattle and horses and was also involved in the sale of lumber. In 1911, he was named to the province's Legislative Council.

</doc>
<doc id="20018694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018694" title="William Halsey Wood">
William Halsey Wood

William Halsey Wood was an American architect, born at the Village of Dansville, New York on April 24, 1855. He died at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on March 13, 1897.
Early life.
William Halsey Wood was the youngest of four sons born to Daniel Halsey Wood and Hannah Lippincott Wood. Shortly after his birth in 1855, the family relocated from Dansville, New York to Newark, NJ, where Daniel Wood's company manufactured varnish. Family spiritual life centered around the House of Prayer, an Anglo-Catholic congregation where the children were introduced to ritualist liturgy and William became a member of the choir, eventually serving as its director.
Wood prepared for the architectural profession in a typical nineteenth-century pattern of practical experience and apprenticeship. During an unspecified time circa 1880, he is reported to have traveled to England and gained employment in the office of George Frederick Bodley, a leading figure in the High-church or Anglo-Catholic movement within the Anglican Communion. The Bodley connection is consistent with Wood's youthful experience at the House of Prayer, and that, with other family connections to the High Church party within Anglicanism, ultimately contributed to the character of Wood's own mature work.
On 19 November 1889, Wood married Florence Hemsley, a Philadelphian and member of the Church of St. James the Less in that city, one of the most prominent Anglo-Catholic congregations in America. The Woods bore three children: Emily (1890), William Halsey, Jr. (1892), and Alexander (1894).
Career.
From his practice in Newark, NJ, Wood focused on two characteristic building types of the late 19th century: large single-family residences and ecclesiastical designs principally for the Episcopal Church.
The young architect's earliest documented commissions are an 1878 house for his older brother D. Smith Wood and the William Clark House of 1879, both in Newark, NJ. There followed a variety of residential work, from a modest duplex for speculative investment to large suburban homes and urban townhouses. Three of his suburban homes were featured in "Artistic Country-Seats" by G. W. Sheldon, an 1886 publication that included work by McKim, Mead & White, Wilson Eyre and other notable turn-of-the-century designers. Wood's largest home, "Yaddo", was built in Saratoga Springs, NY for New York financier and philanthropist Spencer Trask and his wife Katrina Trask; "Yaddo" continues in use today as the home of a working colony of artists and writers.
Andrew Carnegie was also his client; the initial 1889 portion of the Carnegie Free Library of Braddock, PA, the first of Carnegie's 1,679 public libraries in the US, is Wood's design. It is believed that Wood met Carnegie through William Clark, also a Scottish immigrant. Wood's submission to the competition for Carnegie's larger library in Allegheny, PA (now Pittsburgh's North Side), was very favorably received, but ultimately was not selected. 
While the architect's clients and projects varied widely, church clients formed the largest part of Wood's practice, especially for his own denomination. From 1885 until his death Wood designed more than forty churches and parish buildings, all but four of them for Episcopal congregations.
The rural Church of St. John the Evangelist (1885), at Hunter/Tannersville, NY, for example, was designed for Wood's own family as a seasonal parish without resident clergy; Wood and his wife Florence Hemsley married there in 1889, with Wood's own brother Rev. Alonzo Lippincot Wood conducting the service and the bishop of Tennessee in attendance. The modest "Queen Anne" or "Eastlake" design, built of local granite boulders and wood-frame construction, expressed ecclesiological design principles promoted by the Oxford Movement.
At the opposite extreme, Wood entered and was one of four finalists in the competition for New York City's Cathedral of St. John the Divine, an unsuccessful proposal that would have been larger than any of its European counterparts. More typical examples of his work were for urban congregations in Newark, Passaic, Paterson and other communities in northeastern New Jersey and in New York City.
The geographic range of Wood's client list was also wide, including commissions in Alabama, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Missouri and Wyoming. His most distant commission was for Saint John's University, Shanghai, China. Two of these commissions were cathedrals: St. Mary's at Memphis, Tennessee and St. Matthew's at Laramie, Wyoming. With few significant deviations, these churches were "Gothic Revival" or "Richardsonian Romanesque" in style and adhered closely to liturgical design principles promoted by the High Church party and its publishing organs "The New-York Ecclesiologist" and, later, "The Churchman".
Assessment.
In March 1897, Wood died from tuberculosis at the Philadelphia home of his father-in-law, Alexander Hemsley. He was buried in the churchyard of St. James-the-Less, a traditional Anglo-Catholic congregation in keeping with his own churchmanship.
Wood died during an important transition in American architecture; a shift from the exuberance—some have said excesses—of nineteenth-century eclecticism to the functionally based perspectives of twentieth-century Modernism. Even during his own lifetime, Wood was seen as a participant in that process of transition. The next generation of architects and architectural critics, however, discounted his career as derivative, seeing only the historicist aspects of the architect's work, his reliance upon Medieval prototypes and imagery.
One of the first to re-appraise Wood in a more positive light was the early 20th century medievalist, Ralph Adams Cram, himself a competitor for the Cathedral of St. John the Divine. Writing ten years after Wood's death, Cram observed "...he thought Gothic as instinctively as the best thirteenth-century master-mason of them all," and that "religious architecture staggered under the blow" when Wood died at the age of 41. Almost three decades later, Cram's enthusiasm was unabated, writing "For my own part I think Halsey Wood was potentially one of the greatest architects of modern times." 
Another positive assessment came in 1936 from architectural critic and urban theorist Lewis Mumford, whose writings were instrumental in understanding the 1880s "as the seedbed of modern architecture." In "The Sky Line," his regular column in "The New Yorker", Mumford linked Wood with H. H. Richardson and others who had lain the groundwork for Modernism.

</doc>
<doc id="20018696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018696" title="1988 New Orleans Saints season">
1988 New Orleans Saints season

The 1988 New Orleans Saints season was the team's 22nd as a member of the National Football League. They were unable to match their previous season's output of 12–3, winning only ten games and failing to qualify for the playoffs.
Schedule.
1988 Team Starters
Offense
Defense
Kicking Team

</doc>
<doc id="20018715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018715" title="Fritz Bronsart von Schellendorf">
Fritz Bronsart von Schellendorf

Friedrich (Fritz) Bronsart von Schellendorf (1864–1950) was a German officer and politician. He was the chief of the Ottoman General Staff, part of German military mission in the Ottoman Empire. He is "depicted as the actual initiator of the scheme of the Armenian deportations".

</doc>
<doc id="20018721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018721" title="Offset Software">
Offset Software

Offset Software was a video game development company based in Newport Beach, California. It was founded by Sam McGrath, Travis Stringer, Trevor Stringer and Rod Green; except for Green, they had worked for S2 Games developing "", which won the grand prize at the Independent Games Festival in 2004.
The company had one game under development, a first-person shooter with the working title "Project Offset". (Some official preview videos have shown third-person views for close-quarters combat.) The game featured a detailed high fantasy world. It was showcased on "Attack of the Show!" in 2005.
In February 2008, Intel acquired Offset Software, having purchased the Havok engine in 2007.
Intel canceled the game in mid-2010, citing "recent changes in our product roadmap" (possibly meaning the failure of Larrabee as a consumer product). The founders of Offset Software have moved to a new game development studio named Fractiv LLC.
The Offset Engine was licensed by Red 5 Studios in 2006 to create their MMOFPS game Firefall. Intel shutting down the Offset team did not mean Red 5 could no longer use the engine. The game now uses a heavily modified engine originally based on the Offset Engine.

</doc>
<doc id="20018728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018728" title="Fritz Aigner">
Fritz Aigner

Fritz Aigner (July 13, 1930 – January 9, 2005) was an Austrian graphic artist and painter.
Biography.
Aigner studied at the Academy of Fine Arts Vienna from 1947 to 1952. In 1952 he won an Austrian state fine arts prize for his artwork "Die Klage des verlorgenen Sohnes". He worked later as an artist in Spain, Ireland, London and his hometown, Linz.
Aigner's work was overtly influenced by that of Rembrandt, notably in his oil painting "Rembrandts Trick mit dem Licht". He was nicknamed "the Rembrandt of Linz". His artwork often featured dark, acherontic and apocalyptic scenes with allusions to society and well-known society figures.
After his death an Austrian journalist described Aigner as "an artist who dealt with the conflict areas eros and religion and between surrealism, realism and fantastic realism. Even allusions to the border of caricature can be found in his work."
Exhibitions.
The Nordico Museum in Linz, Aigner's hometown, scheduled an exhibition of his work for the period September 29 2008 to January 11 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20018735" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018735" title="Mujhe Chaand Chahiye">
Mujhe Chaand Chahiye

Mujhe Chaand Chahiye is a television series that aired on Zee TV channel. The series was shot in a small town in Uttar Pradesh, and featured popular Bollywood actress Padmini Kolhapure's younger sister Tejaswini Kolhapure, who debuted her career with this small screen television series.
Concept.
The story revolves around the life of a girl named Varsha and her journey towards the big world. Despite being raised in a small town (Shajahanpur), Varsha's confidence in achieving her aim is very high. She wants to be a professional stage actor and, being ahead of her time, her thoughts are too evolved to be appreciated by her family. She wants to accomplish her goal. Urged by her teacher one day, she goes to Lucknow, learns stage acting and gets admitted into the National School of Drama, which becomes the launchpad for her career. 
Not only does she become successful, she becomes a superstar. But in her attempts to become the queen of glamour, she realises how shallow the glamor world is. At this point, she starts to realise that her family values, though old, were fulfilling. Now she is afraid to go back home, because she believes that her family might not accept her. The question remains: Will she be able to leave the world of glamour?

</doc>
<doc id="20018736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018736" title="Christie Ambrosi">
Christie Ambrosi

Christie Ambrosi (born December 21, 1976) is an American softball player and Olympic champion. She attended high school at Blue Valley Northwest High School in Overland Park, Kansas.
She competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney where she received a gold medal as a member of the American winning team. 
Christie attended UCLA, where she was All-American all four years, and won the division 1 National Championship. She has a gold medal from the 2000 Olympic Games, and the Pan-American Games.

</doc>
<doc id="20018743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018743" title="Dhaurkauli">
Dhaurkauli

Dhaurkauli is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7336 people living in 1253 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20018745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018745" title="Muleta (song)">
Muleta (song)

"Muleta" is a Pop song written and recorded by Chilean singer and songwriter Francisca Valenzuela and this song is the fifth official single from her first solo debut studio album, "Muérdete La Lengua", released in Chile on October 2, 2008.
Song information.
The song was written in 2005 by Francisca Valenzuela, and the single was produced by Mauricio Durán and Francisco Durán members of Chilean Rock band Los Bunkers. The song was released on October 2, 2008 on Radios and October 16, 2008 in Digital Download in this format includes a remix featuring Jorge Gonzalez, member former of Los Prisioneros.
Music video.
The official music video for the song "Muleta" was premiered on MTV Latin America on October 7, 2008, later on October 30, 2007 was premiered on Via X and Zona Latina. The music video was directed by Nicolas Mantzer Weisner The video was filmed in New York, United States and shows to Francisca playing a guitar in the New York City Subway,and taking walks in Central Park wearing colorful spring outfits. The music video debuted in MTV Los 10 + Pedidos Latin America and peaked at number 7 so far.

</doc>
<doc id="20018748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018748" title="XHLEG-TV">
XHLEG-TV

TV4 or TV CU4TRO ("XHLEG-TV" Cuatro) is the state-owned public broadcaster serving the Mexican state of Guanajuato. The Television Unit of Guanajuato (UTEG), as its stated mission, provides educational programming, social and cultural television and healthy entertainment for children, youth and adults.
The content of productions and the variety of subjects covered are structured and analyzed by specialists in different areas of education, pedagogy, sociology, culture and vocational development.
TV4 productions are created in collaboration with national and international institutions like Once TV 11 México, Canal 22, TV UNAM, the BBC and Deutsche Welle, among others, to fulfill the objectives of providing information with a high level of content.
The signal is available statewide, covering 98% of the territory of Guanajuato in addition to cable television carriage in 11 municipalities and satellite distribution via Mexicanal and Canal Sur Mexico.
In some form, TV4 programming reaches more than 3 million viewers both in Mexico and abroad, including in the United States.
48 percent of TV4's programming consists of local productions, created to inform viewers of events as they occur in Guanajuato and across the world.
History.
In December 1979 the state government and the Directorate of Radio, Television and Cinematography agreed that Rural Television of Mexico (TRM) programming and broadcasts would be regionalised to deliver information oriented specifically to address needs of the local population.
Two years later, the first broadcasts through TRM's Regional Network provided local programming for one hour daily. This later increased as new infrastructure was constructed, with the first test broadcasts televised by Channel 4 in 1983 and later supplemented by regional FM radio broadcasting.
In April 1983, "Radio y Televisión de Guanajuato" (Radio and Television of Guanajuato, RTG) was created as a state-supported organisation to broadcast social, educational and cultural programming.
In 1999, the radio station's infrastructure was delegated to the University of Guanajuato, along with its administration, direction and operation. The rest of the former RTG was then restructured, becoming in 2001 the "Unidad de Televisión de Guanajuato" (Unit for Television in Guanajuato State, or UTEG).
Stations.
TV CU4TRO is available through a statewide network of repeaters located throughout Guanajuato:
TV4 programming is available to Guanajuatense audiences abroad via MexiCanal and Canal Sur México; in the US, broadcasts are also available from Directv and though multicasting.

</doc>
<doc id="20018758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018758" title="Postage stamps and postal history of the Cocos (Keeling) Islands">
Postage stamps and postal history of the Cocos (Keeling) Islands

The postage stamps and postal history of the Cocos (Keeling) Islands is linked to those of the two British colonies and of Australia to which the Indian Ocean archipelago was successively attached.
A postal agency existed there between 1933 and 1937, and permanently since 1952. The archipelago has issued postage stamps since June 1963 and had postal independence from 1979 to 1993. Between 1963 and 1979 with the Australian Post Office and since 1 January 1994 with Australia Post, the Cocos Islands' and Australia's stamps are valid in both these territories.
According to Stanley Gibbons catalogue, the Australian Post Office issued 31 stamps between 1963 and 1979, compared to 264 by the local authority between 1979 and 1993. During the ten first years of postal responsibility, Australia Post issued 112 stamps.
Before 1955 and the Australian control.
During World War I, the Battle of Cocos opposed the German Kaiserliche Marine and the Royal Australian Navy for the control of Cocos telegraphic post, that permitted communications between the United Kingdom and the Pacific Ocean Dominions.
A postal agency was opened in the Cocos between 1 April 1933 and 1 March 1937. Postage stamps of the Straits Settlements were available successively picturing Kings George V and George VI. The Cocos were administered from the Settlements.
During World War II, the British forces defended the islands' telecommunication devices against the Japanese advance. The postal agency reopened on 2 September 1952 with stamps of Singapore.
Under Australian control.
Australian postal territory.
In 1955, with the independence of Singapore being prepared, the United Kingdom gave control of the Cocos Islands to Australia. The Australian legislation was introduced, including the postage system, stamps and the currency, the Australian pound replacing the Malaya and British Borneo dollar. However the post office was considered a non official one: the local postmaster was paid with a commission depending of his financial results.
On 11 June 1963, the Australian Post Office issued six stamps bearing the mention "COCOS (KEELING) ISLANDS", that appeared on all the islands' stamps until late 1993, and illustrated with subjects linked to the islands' life and geography. The series was drawn and engraved by E. Jones.
On 14 February 1966, the Australian decimalisation imposed the use of stamps of Australian alone, whose denominations were in Australian dollar and cents. The new definitive series for Cocos Islands in the new currency was issued on 9 July 1969. The twelve stamps pictured local fauna and flora. They were replaced on 29 March 1976 by a new twelve stamp series about the ships of the Cocos history.
Philatelic and postal independence.
In the late 1990s, Australia bought the Clunie-Ross family's property of the islands and gave a large autonomy to the inhabitants. The post service became independent from Australia and issued its two first postage stamps on 1 September 1979 picturing the flag of Australia, map and the atoll landscape on the 20 cents, and the Statutory Council on the 50 cents. Stamps of Australia were no more valid in the islands.
The philatelic program was entirely printed by printers in Melbourne. Topics were linked to the archipelago and its patriotism: fauna and flora, local and maritime history for the first ones, Australian flag and events of the Royal family for the second.
Australia Post.
Following the example of Christmas Island in March 1993, the postal service of the Cocos Islands was transferred from the local authority to Australia Post. Cocos Islands stamps issued since 1994 and bearing the mention "COCOS (KEELING) ISLANDS AUSTRALIA" are valid in Australia and the stamps of Australia are on the archipelago too.
One or two annual issues have been issued since 1994, only about local topics, a large part about fauna.

</doc>
<doc id="20018763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018763" title="Dhungrekhola">
Dhungrekhola

Dhungrekhola is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 11,958.

</doc>
<doc id="20018776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018776" title="Jennifer Brundage">
Jennifer Brundage

Jennifer Brundage (born June 27, 1973 in Orange, California) is an American softball player and Olympic champion. She is currently assistant softball coach at the University of Michigan.
She competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney where she received a gold medal as a member of the American winning team. 
Brundage was a four-year letter receiver in softball at UCLA. She began her college softball career as assistant coach at UCLA, then was assistant coach at the University of Tennessee, Chattanooga before joining the University of Michigan coaching staff in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="20018777" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018777" title="Cape San Antonio, Argentina">
Cape San Antonio, Argentina

Cape San Antonio, or in Spanish Cabo San Antonio, is a cape extending into the Atlantic Ocean on the eastern coast of Buenos Aires Province in eastern Argentina. It lies south of Samborombón Bay.

</doc>
<doc id="20018791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018791" title="Dumariya">
Dumariya

Dumariya is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3026 people living in 582 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20018805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018805" title="Wind resource assessment">
Wind resource assessment

Wind resource assessment is the process by which wind power developers estimate the future energy production of a wind farm. Accurate wind resource assessments are crucial to the successful development of wind farms.
History.
Modern wind resource assessments have been conducted since the first wind farms were developed in the late 1970s. The methods used were pioneered by developers and researchers in Denmark, where the modern wind power industry first developed.
Wind resource maps.
Government agencies publish maps of estimated wind resources for most areas with active wind power development. Wind prospecting can begin with the use of such maps, but the lack of accuracy and fine detail make them useful only for preliminary selection of sites for collecting wind speed data. With increasing numbers of on-site measurements, as well as operating data from built wind farms, the accuracy of wind resource maps has improved over time. Maps are available as commercial products through resource consultants, or users of GIS software can make their own using publicly available GIS data such as the US National Renewable Energy Laboratory's High Resolution Wind Data Set ([http://www.nrel.gov/gis/data_analysis.html]). Although the accuracy has improved, it is unlikely that wind resource maps, whether public or commercial, will eliminate the need for on-site measurements for utility-scale development projects.
Measurements.
To estimate the energy production of a wind farm, developers must first measure the wind on site. Meteorological towers equipped with anemometers, wind vanes, and sometimes temperature, pressure, and relative humidity sensors are installed. Data from these towers must be recorded for at least one year to calculate an annually representative wind speed frequency distribution.
Since onsite measurements are usually only available for a short period, data are also collected from nearby long-term reference stations (usually at airports). These data are used to adjust the onsite measured data so that the mean wind speeds are representative of a long-term period for which onsite measurements are not available. Versions of these maps can be seen and used with software applications such as windNavigator, FirstLook and Vortex.
Calculations.
The following calculations are needed to accurately estimate the energy production of a proposed wind farm project:
Software applications.
Wind power developers use various types of software applications to assess wind resources.
Wind data management.
Wind data management software assists the user in gathering, storing, retrieving, analyzing, and validating wind data. Typically the wind data sets are collected directly from a data logger, located at a meteorological monitoring site, and are imported into a database. Once the data set is in the database it can be analyzed and validated using tools built into the system or it can be exported for use in external wind data analysis software, wind flow modeling software, or wind farm modeling software.
Many data logger manufacturers offer wind data management software that is compatible with their loggers, such as NRG Systems' Symphonie Data Retriever Software, SecondWind's Nomad 2 Desktop Software, Kintech Engineering's EOL Manager Software (http://www.kintech-engineering.com), or Campbell Scientific's LoggerNet software. These software packages will typically only gather, store, and analyze data from the manufacturer's own loggers.
Third party data management software and services exist that can accept data from a wide variety of loggers and offer more comprehensive analysis tools and data validation. One example is WSP's WindServer [http://www.windserver.com].
Wind data analysis.
Wind data analysis software assist the user in removing measurement errors from wind data sets and perform specialized statistical analysis. Popular applications are Windographer and WindRose [http://www.wcc.nrcs.usda.gov/climate/windrose.html].
Atmospheric Simulation Modeling.
Wind flow modeling methods, described in the following section, named 'Wind flow modeling', provide insights into very high-resolution wind flow behavior, often, at horizontal resolution finer than 100-m. Because of such finest resolution computational fluid dynamics (CFD) modeling application, the typical model domains used by these small-scale models have a few kilometers in the horizontal direction and several hundred meters in the vertical direction. The above mentioned model domain limitations by small-scale CFD models, need to be addressed and are often addressed by atmospheric CFD models, that could cover horizontal model domains on the order of 100's of kilometers and vertical domain depths of 10's of kilometers. In other words, any atmospheric processes that occur within such large-scale atmospheric model domains, that will influence site-specific wind and its temporal variation should be captured for successful wind resource assessment. This class of atmospheric CFD models and their contribution has not been fully explored and adopted yet, although the aforementioned atmospheric influences captured by such models are highly relevant and critical for the overall wind resource assessment efforts. There are a few such atmospheric CFD models being applied for wind resource assessments today. One such atmospheric simulation modeling approach has been described at www.wind-energy-assessment.com.
Wind flow modeling.
Wind flow modeling software aims to predict important characteristics of the wind resource at locations where measurements are not available. The most commonly used such software application is WAsP, created at Risø National Laboratory in Denmark. WAsP uses a potential flow model to predict how wind flows over the terrain at a site. Meteodyn WT, O.F.Wind, WindieTM, WindSim, and ZephyTOOLS are similar applications that use CFD calculations instead, which are potentially more accurate, particularly for complex terrains.
Wind farm modeling.
Wind farm modeling software aims to simulate the behavior of a proposed or existing wind farm, most importantly to calculate its energy production. The user can usually input wind data, height and roughness contour lines, wind turbine specifications, background maps, and define objects that represent environmental restrictions. This information is then used to design a wind farm that maximizes energy production while taking restrictions and construction issues into account. There are several wind farm modeling software applications available: Meteodyn WT, openWind, WindFarm, WindFarmer, WindPRO, WindSim, WAsP and ZephyTOOLS.
Medium scale wind farm modelling.
In recent years a new breed of wind farm development has grown from the increased need for distributed generation of electricity from local wind resources. This type of wind projects is mostly driven by land owners with high energetic requirements such as farmers and industrial site managers. A particular requirement from a wind modelling point of view is the inclusion of all local features such as trees, hedges and buildings as turbine hub-heights range from as little as 10m to 50m. Wind modelling approaches need to include these features but very few of the available wind modelling commercial software provide this capability. Several work groups have been set up around the world to look into this modelling requirement and companies including Digital Engineering Ltd (UK), NREL (Canada), Riso University (Denmark) are at the forefront of development in this area and look at the application of meso-CFD wind modelling techniques for this purpose.

</doc>
<doc id="20018809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018809" title="St. Joe's–Temple rivalry">
St. Joe's–Temple rivalry

The St. Joe's–Temple rivalry is a college rivalry between the Hawks of Saint Joseph's University and the Owls of Temple University. The rivalry is rich in history and is particularly intense in men's basketball. Both schools are located in Philadelphia, are members of the Big 5. Many of the games are played at the Palestra on the University of Pennsylvania's campus. The rivalry is probably the second most anticipated in the Big 5 after the Holy War between Villanova and Saint Joseph's.
The rivalry intensified when John Chaney sent in a player, Nehemiah Ingram, to intentionally foul Saint Joseph's senior John Bryant in 2005. Bryant, co-captain of the St. Joe's squad, ended up with a broken arm and an end to his college career. John Chaney ultimately retired but the immediate consequences were light.
The rivalry is still intense but has become friendlier since Fran Dunphy became coach of Temple. Dunphy and Phil Martelli are close friends but the student bodies of each school still share hate for one another as St. Joe's students refer to Temple as "Thug U" and Temple students return the favor by calling SJU "St. Blows".

</doc>
<doc id="20018810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018810" title="Farahadawa">
Farahadawa

Farahadawa is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3553 people living in 613 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20018811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018811" title="Sibley House (Detroit, Michigan)">
Sibley House (Detroit, Michigan)

The Sibley House is a private residence located at 976 Jefferson Avenue in Detroit, Michigan. It currently is used as the Rectory of Christ Church Detroit. The house was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1958 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1971.
History.
Solomon Sibley moved to Detroit in the late 1790s; he was one of the first lawyers to live in what was then a small village. He served in a number of political positions while living in Detroit. In 1799, he began service in the territorial legislature; in 1806 he became mayor of Detroit; from 1815 to 1824 he was US District Attorney for Michigan. Sibley served as Michigan's representative in Congress from 1820-1823, and from 1824 to 1827, he served on the territorial Supreme Court.
Sibley died in 1846. Shortly thereafter, his widow, Sarah Sproat Sibley, built this home for herself and their two daughters.
Description.
The Sibley house is a clapboard, side-gabled Greek Revival-style home. The symmetrical front facade faces Jefferson Avenue, and is divided into five-bays separated by trabeated windows. A central, columned portico entrance fronts the building.
Later use.
The home was occupied by descendants of Solomon Sibley from its construction until 1925, when it was sold to the next-door church Christ Church Detroit. Christ Church used the home for a variety of purposes until 1946, when it became the parish rectory.

</doc>
<doc id="20018828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018828" title="Danielle Henderson">
Danielle Henderson

Danielle Henderson (born January 29, 1977) is an American, former collegiate All-American, right-handed softball pitcher and current associate head coach originally from Commack, New York. She played for the UMass Minutewomen from 1996–1999 and was an Olympic champion for Team USA softball at the 2000 Sydney Olympics. She was also a pro champion playing four years in the National Pro Fastpitch from 2004–2007. Henderson then served as a private pitching instructor, and was an assistant coach with the Ohio State Buckeyes in 2011-12, and with the Stanford Cardinal for the 2013 season. She rejoined her alma mater UMass as associate head coach at the end of the season .
UMass.
Freshman:
Henderson began her career by nabbing All-Atlantic 10 honors and claiming "Rookie of The Year." She also broke the top-10 for UMass season history for her 0.96 ERA (NCAA top-10), 23 wins and 11 shutouts.
She threw her first no-hitter on May 12 vs. the Marist Red Foxes.
Sophomore:
Henderson would earn her first All-American and Atlantic 10 Pitcher of Year awards, as well as tossing two no-hitters and breaking the UMass season records for strikeouts, innings pitched and strikeout ratio. Her 25 wins and 15 shutouts were at the time both second best in school history. For the year, Henderson ranked in the NCAA top-10 again for ERA and strikeout ratio.
On April 26, 1997, Henderson struck out a then school and a career best 18 Fordham Rams in regulation, this was tied third all-time for an NCAA single game and now is tied fourth overall. The day prior on April 25, Henderson also began a 63 scoreless inning streak that endured until May 17 for a then career best.
The UMass Minutewomen made it to the Women's College World Series on Henderson's arm but failed to win a game. However, Henderson was selected to the All-Tournament Team.
Junior:
Throwing five no-hitters (one perfect game vs. the Fordham Rams on March 29, 1998) earned her all-season honors from conference and the NCAA, moving from Third to the Second Team. Henderson broke four school records with her 30 wins, 430 strikeouts, 23 shutouts (still the record) and a strikeout ratio of nearly 12. In addition, she again cracked the top-10 NCAA Division I season records with her strikeouts (led the NCAA), shutouts and then second best all-time season strikeout ratio mark, which also led the NCAA that year.
A return trip to the Women's College World Series ended by shutout as the Minutewomen lost their second game to Oklahoma State Cowgirls.
Senior:
Henderson posted 6 no-hitters, two perfect games and repeated all-season honors, including a First Team All-American highlight and her third straight Atlantic 10 Pitcher of The Year. Henderson won 30 games, struck out a then school and conference record 465 batters (which led the nation) and tied the best season ERA mark of 0.39 at UMass. Her strikeout ratio of 14 set a new NCAA season mark that is now 6th all-time. Her 105 scoreless innings streak from March 16 − May 2, 1999 remains the NCAA record.
Henderson closed her career at UMass with the best strikeouts, ERA, shutouts, wins and strikeout ratio numbers ever, of which she still owns the ERA and shutout crowns. She holds the same records for the Atlantic 10. Finally, in the NCAA Henderson is a top-10 shutout pitcher all-time.
In May 1999, Henderson was awarded the Honda Sports Award as the best softball player in the country.
Associate Head Coach:
Henderson was named associate head coach in August, 2013.
2000 Olympics.
Henderson began playing for Team USA the summer after she graduated in 1999. On July 29, 1999, Henderson threw a perfect game defeating Colombia 9–0 at the start of the Pan American Games.
She competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney where she received a gold medal with the American team. Her only game was a 3-0 win over Cuba.
National Pro Fastpitch.
Henderson began playing with the rejuvenated National Pro Fastpitch in 2004 with the now defunct Arizona Heat. She currently ranks top-10 in career strikeouts and wins. In 2005, Henderson made the All-NPF East Team.
Although she did not play, Henderson also won a NPF Cowles Cup Championship with the defunct New England Riptide on August 28, 2006.
Honors.
In 2001, while serving a second term as Assistant Coach, the University of Massachusetts-Amherst ceremoniously retired Henderson's #44 jersey. In her last season with her the Minutewomen, Henderson was also inducted into the New England Women's Hall of Fame on September 24, 2002.
On October 9, 2009, Henderson was honored with an invitation into the UMass Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="20018829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018829" title="Fulparasi">
Fulparasi

Fulparasi is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2355 people living in 440 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20018835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018835" title="MIL-STD-901">
MIL-STD-901

MIL-STD-901 is a military standard for the inspection of men's garrison caps.[https://assist.daps.dla.mil/quicksearch/basic_profile.cfm?ident_number=36037]. The latest revision of this standard is Revision B dated 08-APR-1988.

</doc>
<doc id="20018854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018854" title="It's Breaking News">
It's Breaking News

"It's Breaking News" is a Bollywood movie released in October 2007. Its a story about corrupt police officers, exploitation of an innocent girl and media's fight to expose the facts. A girl seeks help after her father's death from the Higher-ranking officer. He takes advantage of the girl and makes her his kept women. The situation becomes intolerable when the officer starts sending his other police friends to the girl. The girl finally gets help from a news channel to perform a sting operation on him. This is the story of how the news channel used this operation for their own motives and how finally justice was served.
Plot.
It is believed that 'Media' is the fourth pillar of democracy. Journalism began as a mission, then a service and now merely a profession - a complete business where a struggle is not to get right news but rather to 'generate' one crammed with glamour and sensation.
The film endeavors to uncover the darker side of the famous or infamous sting operations where a news correspondent (Vidya) falls in the 'chakravyu' of the whole business and finally paves her way out to yet another 'chakravyu'. The film narrates the story of a girl who initially is acknowledged when she is one among the corrupt system and discarded and criticized when she starts rebelling. Vidya is a young, dynamic, self-motivated news correspondent, who has just come out of a journalism course and is all charged to take up confrontations of this profession. But, little did she know that it is not as effortless job as it is perceived. Vidya initially is covering the entertainment beat and is quiet contended with her piece of work. But due to certain shuffles she is forced to quit entertainment and cover crime, which she presumes as not her cup of tea. Gradually, she gets a knack of it and starts getting addicted to the thrill and ecstasy of the job. She gets a brilliant story for her channel all the way from Rajasthan along with her team mates which actually boosts the TRP ratings of the channel and also her morale. In the process, or rather, in the quest for the thrill, she even tries to fool around with the so-called ethics and codes of journalism by creating situations to get a story for her channel.
One day she receives a call, that later changes her overall approach towards this profession. It is a call from a girl, Sangeeta, from Pune, who is a victim of repeated sexual abuses by the high designators of the local Police. Vidya, with her team chalks out a plan for yet another sting and is ready to cover the event where the SP is assaulting Sangeeta. But unfortunately it is the DIG who falls prey to their sting. The whole episode of 'live rape' disconcerts Vidya and her cameraman Rafiq to an extent that they feel ashamed to be merely a spectator in this profession where they couldn't even save the victim. But this event is not less than a celebration to the news channel where this 'Breaking news' will be their USP. Vidya has promised Sangeeta that this footage will not be telecast but rather be kept for her defense in court. Unfortunately, Vidya is traumatized to see the telecast of the whole footage 'as it is' in her news channel irrespective of her caution to the editor. Bugged with the whole system, she leaves for her Uncle's place who had been insisting her to visit his small press. There she apprehends the genuine power and nuance of journalism and gets the spur to fight back the system. With her, is a close friend Bala (a crime correspondent in rival channel), Rafiq (the cameraman) and Trishna (her batch mate in journalism course) who differ in their ideologies and yet are together. This is the time when she gets emotionally attached to the whole ball game and decides to give the victim Justice. In her fight for justice she faces all the ups and downs but all in vain leaving Vidya in utter despair and gloom.
The USP of the film is in exposing reality with certain humorous incidence that occurs within the news channels. From the agitated talk shows to shoving the mike in the mouth of a kissing couple in a park and asking 'what is your take on right to privacy' is being presented in a unique style.
Music.
Music of the film was composed by Kaushal Inamdar

</doc>
<doc id="20018858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018858" title="Gadahiyabairi">
Gadahiyabairi

Gadahiyabairi is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3964 people living in 747 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20018863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018863" title="Cape San Antonio, Cuba">
Cape San Antonio, Cuba

Cape San Antonio (), is a cape which forms the western extremity of Cuba. It extends into the Yucatán Channel, and is part of the municipality of Sandino, in Pinar del Río Province.

</doc>
<doc id="20018871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018871" title="Jennifer McFalls">
Jennifer McFalls

Jennifer McFalls (November 10, 1971) is an American softball player and Olympic champion.
She competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney where she received a gold medal with the American team. 
McFalls played softball in the NCAA with the Texas A&M Aggies. She is now an assistant coach softball at the University of Texas at Austin.

</doc>
<doc id="20018885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018885" title="Gamhariya, Sarlahi">
Gamhariya, Sarlahi

Gamhariya (formerly known as Gamhariya Gardaul) is a Village Development Committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 2011 Nepal census it had a population of 8000 people residing in 674 individual households. 
It has two sub villages small Palsi which is hardly 1 km east of the village and other is called Ganesiya which is located at south of the village which is also 1 km. North Ganesiya is associate with Gamhariya identified by ward no 6 and south part is located in Musaili VDC.
Total population of the village has 8000 as per 2011 census where male 4400 and female 3600. Ratio of the VDC is 60% farmers, 20% business men and rest of the population is professional. Yearly GDP of VDC is 12% and this is one of the developed and successful VDC of Sarlahi compare to other VDCs which is located at 2 km from headquarters Malangwa, Sarlahi.
Neighboring Villages 
Gamhariya is neighbourhood of Malangwa Municipality which is hardly 2 km far in south. In north Salempur village development committee distance 2.5 km. Similarly in north-east Brahampuri distance 3 km and south-east Bhelhi is located with same distance. Aurahi and Sagardina have same distance 2.5 km located in west and north-west accordingly. At last Motipur is South-west which 3 km from Gamhariya.
Schools in Gamhariya
1. Shree Mati Laxmi Devi Janta Secondary High School,Gamhariya-1
2. Shree Dinesh Sahid School
3. Samudayik School
4. Primary School
5. Ant Boarding School
6. Model Boarding School

</doc>
<doc id="20018896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018896" title="Yitzchak Dovid Grossman">
Yitzchak Dovid Grossman

Yitzchak Dovid Grossman () (born September 1946, Jerusalem), also known as the "Disco Rabbi", is the Chief Rabbi of Migdal HaEmek, founder and dean of Migdal Ohr educational institutions, and a member of the Chief Rabbinate Council of Israel. He is known for his work with children from disadvantaged and troubled homes, having rehabilitated tens of thousands of youth through his educational network founded in 1972.
Biography.
Grossman is a sixth-generation Jerusalemite and the scion of a prominent Hasidic family. His father, Rabbi Yisrael Grossman, served as rosh yeshiva of Pinsk-Karlin and of Chabad in Lod, and was a member of the rabbinical court of Agudat Yisrael. His mother, Perl (1923–2012), was the daughter of Rabbi Yosef Gutfarb, a teacher at the Etz Chaim Yeshiva in the Old City of Jerusalem. He is one of six brothers and four sisters. He grew up in the Mea Shearim neighborhood of Jerusalem and attended Yeshivas Karlin.
An alumnus of Slabodka yeshiva in Bnei Brak, Grossman received rabbinical ordination in 1966. Desiring to do religious outreach in one of Israel's secular neighborhoods, he moved to the Lower Galilee town of Migdal HaEmek in 1968. Migdal HaEmek was founded in 1953 to help absorb the mass aliyah of Sephardi Jewish immigrants from North Africa, Migdal HaEmek's population growth drastically outpaced its socioeconomic and educational infrastructure. With a shortage of jobs and dearth of schools, the town was plagued by widespread crime and alcohol and drug abuse. Grossman, looking every inch the Hasidic rabbi with his beard and sidelocks, embarked on a one-man campaign to rehabilitate Sephardi youth immersed in crime and drug use. He went straight to the pubs and discos where idle youth from distressed homes were hanging out and gained their trust with love and caring. In 1970 Israeli television dubbed him the "Disco Rabbi".
In 1969, one year after his arrival, the town unanimously elected him Chief Rabbi of Migdal HaEmek, giving him lifetime tenure. At age 23, he was the youngest municipal Chief Rabbi in Israel.
In 1972 Grossman founded the Migdal Ohr (Tower of Light) educational network to give children a loving and caring environment at the age of 6 or 7 so that they could circumvent the cycle of crime and drug abuse that plagued the town's teens and adults. The year of its founding Migdal Ohr enrolled 18 students. Buy its second year it had doubled in size. Migdal Ohr now enrolls over 6,000 boys and girls in 15 high schools and elementary schools and seven daycare centers occupying a campus. As of 2013, it had educated over 17,000 children; one graduate, formerly a 12-year-old dropout, went on to become a member of Knesset.
Through his discussions with youth, Grossman found out that many children had a father or brother in prison. In 1974 he initiated "Shaked" – Rehabilitation Through Religion, now operating in all Israeli prisons, which has reduced the recidivism rate of its participants to 20 percent. This program gives over 900 inmates, mostly jailed for drug-dealing and armed robbery, the choice to study in a prison kollel on a voluntary basis for three to four hours a day. Rabbis and teachers deliver "shiurim" (Torah classes) and build the prisoners' Torah knowledge, while at the same time mentoring the prisoners' families to prepare a new support system after release. Participants have one-third of their sentence reduced for good behavior. Hundreds of released inmates have become "ba'alei teshuva" (returnees to the faith) through this program and work as rabbis, Torah teachers, and kollel students. For his contribution, Grossman received the honorary title of "Avi Ha'asirim" (Father of the Prisoners) from the Israeli government, a title originally bestowed on Rabbi Aryeh Levin.
Grossman has been offered the position of Chief Rabbi of Israel twice, but declined both times in favor of continuing his outreach work in Migdal HaEmek.
2006 Lebanon War.
During the 2006 Lebanon War, Grossman used his location in the north of Israel to provide services to soldiers suffering from the government’s inefficient handling of troops and supplies. In one instance, he opened the Migdal Ohr campus to 700 Israeli paratroopers of the IDF Brigade 85 who were stranded in a tank hangar in Petah Tikva, hosting them for swimming, a barbecue and dancing with live Hasidic music. In another case, he let 600 members of the 8th Paratrooper Battalion use Migdal Ohr as their home base during the three weeks of the war, supplying clean clothing, new gear, and use of the recreational facilities. He also arranged a "Hachnosas Sefer Torah" ceremony for them and blessed them with safety and success. When the war ended, he invited all 600 soldiers back to Migdal Ohr for another party.
Maccabi preseason exhibition game.
A preseason exhibition game between the Israeli Maccabi team and the New York Knicks at Madison Square Garden is one of Migdal Ohr's biggest fund-raising events. In 2009, Grossman's attempt to mediate the ejection of the Israeli coach resulted in coverage in "The New York Times", the "Los Angeles Times", the "New York Post", and other papers.
Awards.
In 1983 Grossman received the Love of Israel award from the President of Israel, Chaim Herzog. In October 1991 he was honored with the Tolerance Prize, presented by Knesset chairman Dov Shilansky at a special parliamentary ceremony.
In 2004 Grossman received the Israel Prize for lifetime achievement and special contribution to society and the State of Israel. The Caring Institute named him International Humanitarian of the Year in 2009. Grossman received an honorary doctorate from Bar-Ilan University in 2006.
In 2013 Grossman was awarded the Presidential Medal of Distinction by President of Israel Shimon Peres.
Family.
Grossman is the uncle (by marriage) of Rivka Holtzberg, co-director of the Nariman House Chabad center, who was murdered together with her husband Gavriel in the November 2008 Mumbai attacks. Gavriel's father is an administrator in one of the Migdal Ohr's elementary schools for girls.

</doc>
<doc id="20018900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018900" title="Godeta">
Godeta

Godaita is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4200 people living in 733 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20018919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018919" title="Gourishankar">
Gourishankar

Gourishankar is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 8899 people living in 1608 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20018920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018920" title="Michelle Venturella">
Michelle Venturella

Michelle Venturella (born 1973) is an American softball player and Olympic champion.
She competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney where she received a gold medal with the American team. 
Ventruella played NCAA softball at Indiana University. She is currently the head coach of the University of Illinois at Chicago softball team.

</doc>
<doc id="20018921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018921" title="Sindi Dlathu">
Sindi Dlathu

Sindi Dlathu born Sindiswa Dlathu is a South African actress in SABC2 soap Muvhango,She plays Thandaza.
Career.
Sindi's acting career came by chance, she entered a competition where she mimed an Aretha Franklin cover of The Beatles song "Let It Be" and won at age 11. She also made it to the Shell Road Fame finals where she was required to use her own voice and made it to the finals, at about 12 years of age. Sindi gives the credit to Nomsa who was involved with the Mahotella Queens at the time and groomed her for show business. It was the same lady who took her to audition for Mbogeni Ngema' s Sarafina! At the time she was oblivious to the fact that they were auditioning for a US blockbuster, she thought she was going to be taught to sing and dance. Her parents received a call letting them know that their daughter had made the auditions, and the rest as they say is show business history.
At 14 she was cast as the lead role’s understudy in the stage version of Sarafina!, playing to packed houses. In the screen version, she worked alongside Whoopi Goldberg and was commissioned as an assistant choreographer to Michael Peters. In 1988 with the second cast led by Seipati Sothoane whom Sindi understudied. When the play went on tour, she stayed behind and did Township fever in 1989-1990 touring the US with the play for a year.
Five (including Sindi) of the cast were handpicked at a jazz festival in Montreal, Canada Randy Crawford was one of the performers she was so impressed she asked them to stay behind and perform with her. She has also sung backing vocals with Billy Ocean.
Sindi then returned to school after four years of being with Mbongeni Ngema's committed artists. She completed her matric in 1996, and then went back to performing arts, stage plays in 1997 she was in the FNB Vita Award winning Game, where she performed with Mary Twala, Abigail Kubheka, and Nomhle Nkonyeni.
Her first TV role was in Khululeka, she did a series with them, she then went on to do Soul City in season 3, where she played Nomfundo. After that she got the role as Thandaza on Muvhango which started as a cameo.
Personal life.
Sindi Dlathu is married, and is also working on her album. She would like to do more international work, she has ambition to save the world, stop the wars, xenophobia and HIV.

</doc>
<doc id="20018939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018939" title="Sardinian regional election, 1999">
Sardinian regional election, 1999

The Sardinian regional election of 1999 took place on 13 and 27 June 1999.
The centre-right led by Mauro Pili won the election but was short of a clear majority and in fact Pili, who was appointed President of the Region as leader of the coalition, was soon replaced and by a succession of centre-right governments.
Results.
Sources: Regional Council of Sardinia and La Repubblica

</doc>
<doc id="20018940" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018940" title="Hardwick House, Suffolk">
Hardwick House, Suffolk

Hardwick House was a manor house near Bury St Edmunds, Suffolk, owned by Sir Robert Drury, Speaker of the House of Commons of Hawstead Place, and subsequently purchased in the seventeenth century by Royalist and former Sheriff of London Robert Cullum. Experts in Suffolk county history as well as noted authorities in antiquarian and botanical matters, the Cullum family of eight successive baronets authored works on the county and its fauna and flora. Sir Thomas Gery Cullum, a Charterhouse graduate, medical doctor and member of the Royal Academy and the Linnean Society, was a well-regarded author on science and botany.
Lords of the manor of Hardwick, the Cullum family lived at Hardwick House for almost three centuries, from 1656 until the 1920s, producing a line of baronets who were physicians, botanists, antiquarians, authors, horticulturalists, ministers and two of whom served as Bath King of Arms for the Order of the Bath for nearly 60 years. Ultimately, the Cullum family estate was sold during the Depression of the 1920s when the last family member died without direct heir, and it was later dismantled for building materials in 1926-1927.
Hardwick House was built on what were formerly the medieval grazing lands of St Edmundsbury Abbey, which were sold during the Dissolution of the Monasteries. Eventually the properties fell to Sir Robert Drury of nearby Hawstead Place, a former moated manor now demolished. The Drury family lived at Hawstead for 150 years before Sir Robert – who had removed his paintings and furniture to his newly built Hardwick House in 1610 – died in 1615 and the Drury family became extinct. The only standing remains of Hawstead are the brick gate pillars at the entrance to the manor and some other brickwork and the moat: however the painted emblematic panels of the last Lady Drury's private oratory or chamber of meditation were transferred to Hardwick, and are now kept at Christchurch Mansion, Ipswich. Queen Elizabeth I spent one night at Hawstead Place in 1578, when she was said to have knighted the owner, Sir William Drury, after he restored to her the silver-handled fan she had dropped into the moat at Hawstead Place. The Hawstead and Hardwick Estates were sold by the heirs of Robert Drury in 1656 to Sir Thomas Cullum, first Cullum Baronet who had grown rich as a London draper and been Sheriff of London in 1646. 
Hardwick House, standing one and a half miles south of Bury, was a Jacobean house of 1612 thought to have incorporated the medieval Abbey Lodge and featured a bold portico entrance with enormous carved oak doors and the Drury coat of arms carved above the doorway. The House was embroidered over the centuries by the Cullums who added gables, towers, ornate cut flint Tolkiensian cottage confections, gazebos, fountains, statuary and planting. 
Hardwick eventually was expanded to include seven principal bedrooms, nine bachelors rooms and secondary bedrooms, twelve servants' bedrooms and three bathrooms. With its bibliophile owners, the home had several libraries. (Most of the library collection, the 'Cullum Collection', was later donated to the Bury St Edmunds Record Office, where it remains.) Hardwick House also had an extensive collection of portraits, one of which was of Sir Thomas Gargrave, a once-powerful Yorkshire knight related to Sir Thomas Gery Cullum's wife's family. The Cullum family portraits were bequeathed to the Borough of St Edmundsbury in 1921 by the last surviving member of the Cullum family.
The extensive grounds of Hardwick House were largely the creation of Sir Dudley Cullum, owner of the manor between 1680 and 1720, a keen horticulturalist and the only member of the Cullum family to be an MP – he served as a Whig for Suffolk from 1702–05. The house had a kitchen garden and several other gardens: an Italian garden with rosery and flowerbeds; a lime and sycamore tree-lined avenue; and a large 'pleasure grounds', with gazebos, and planted with exotic trees and shrubs. The kitchen garden also had pear, peach, plum, apple, cherry, and fig trees. The so-called 'Winter Garden,' also created by Sir Dudley, had a range of glass greenhouses for his horticultural pursuits, as well as a conservatory and orangery, palm house, peach house and a vinery.
The gardens at Hardwick were created, in part, by the English horticulturalist and gardener John Evelyn, who consulted on them with his friend Dudley Cullum. In a letter to Evelyn of 1694, Cullum expressed his delight at the effectiveness of the stove which heated his greenhouses. 
The Hardwick Estate eventually came to embrace a small village of properties, including adjoining farms and cottages built by the Cullum baronets on the initial holding. A smaller gardeners cottage adjacent to walled garden of Hardwick House was eventually expanded to be a full-scale home in its own right (known as Hardwick Manor from 1926). Hardwick became so elaborate that it came to include a Venetian indoor riding school, also being the centre of a busy social scene, with fox hunting parties often gathering on the Cullum estate.
Suffolk MP Thomas Milner Gibson, who lived at Theberton House, Suffolk, married Arethusa Susannah, the daughter of Rev Sir Thomas Gery Cullum, 8th and last Baronet and High Sheriff of Suffolk. Their son, the last of the Cullums, was the well-known antiquarian and author George Gery Milner-Gibson-Cullum (1857–1921), F.S.A.. The house was ultimately dismantled following his death in 1921, the estate having been passed to the Crown and sold under the Intestates Estates Act 1884.
The grounds and site of the formal gardens and statuary today constitute Hardwick Heath ( of the former Cullum estate turned into public parkland), the West Suffolk Hospital, the grounds of Hardwick Manor and housing developments. The site of Hardwick House itself is a wood bordering some original cedar and yew trees.
Many of the Drury family, as well as the Cullums, are buried at All Saints' Church in Hawstead, which has many remarkable memorials.

</doc>
<doc id="20018942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018942" title="Death Is My Only Friend">
Death Is My Only Friend

Death Is My Only Friend is the fifth studio album by Death by Stereo, released in July, 2009. It is their first album in four years, since the release of "Death for Life" in 2005, the longest gap between Death by Stereo's studio albums to date.
Album information.
Writing and recording sessions for "Death Is My Only Friend" lasted for almost two years, making it the longest time Death by Stereo has ever spent making an album. Writing for the follow-up to "Death for Life" began in the summer/fall 2006 while original guitarist Jim Miner and original drummer Jarrod Alexander would reunite with the band to work on the album.
It was confirmed by frontman Efrem Schulz that this album would be recorded with two drummers, Alexander and Chris Dalley (from Ten Foot Pole). Dalley, who had toured with the band for the last few months since the departure of longtime drummer Todd Hennig, will be doing the bulk of future tours, while Alexander tours with his post-Death by Stereo band A Static Lullaby. 
Schulz also confirmed that Miner will be doing random, but will not be doing full tours while promoting this album. However, he would only be writing and recording the album, only months after his recent wrist surgery. Miner's brother, Paul, also returned to the band to play bass on the new album along with the band's current bassist, Tyler Rebbe, who has been recording an album with his other band Pulley.
"Death Is My Only Friend" also marks the first time that Alexander and the Miner brothers have recorded albums together under the name Death by Stereo since "If Looks Could Kill, I'd Watch You Die".
The album's seventh track, "Forever and a Day" is a re-recorded version of the track of the same name from "Death for Life".
The album is now out of print.

</doc>
<doc id="20018943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018943" title="Hajariya">
Hajariya

Hajariya is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 2011 Nepal census it had a population of 16,336 people living in 2814 individual households.
This VDC is surrounded by Barahathwa from east,Sundarpur Choharwa from south, similarly Rautahat district from west and Rajghat from north. This VDC is famous for Maize, Potato, Sugarcane and Seasonable vegetables. Shree Saraswati Ma Vi is only one higher secondary school of this VDC.SHREE VISHNU PANCHAYAN MANDIR is located in this village. It was built by late Pandit. Ram Chandra Paudel,a great social worker,astrologer,intellect,visionary,and highly learned man as far as sanskrit language,literature and Hindu religion is concerned.He was the first in the surrounding villages to dig a well and supply drinking water to those in need.He has donated a whole lot of cultivable fertile land to the community that is worth millions. 
Mr.Thakur Prasad Paudel aka Mr. Govinda Prasad Paudel, Executive Vice President of District Astrology Council, Sarlahi and Member of Astrology Council of Nepal, is inhabitant of this village.
People of this VDC had been highly affected during UCPN Maoist's civil war. More than 50 persons were killed by both parties during the civil war. 
References.
2. https://www.facebook.com/pages/FB-please-add-Hajariya-Nepal-as-a-city/438285956206332?ref=hl

</doc>
<doc id="20018973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018973" title="Harakthawa">
Harakthawa

Harakthawa is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3579 people living in 642 individual households.
References.
Harkathwa village situated near national highway & Bakey river,

</doc>
<doc id="20018985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018985" title="Enterprise engineering">
Enterprise engineering

Enterprise engineering is a subdiscipline of systems engineering, which applies the knowledge and methods of systems engineering to the design of enterprises. The discipline examines each aspect of the enterprise, including business processes, information flows, and organizational structure. Enterprise engineering may focus on the design of the enterprise as a whole, or on the design and integration of certain business components.
Overview.
In the field of engineering, a more general form of enterprise engineering has emerged. Encompassing "the application of knowledge, principles, and disciplines related to the analysis, design, implementation and operation of all elements associated with an enterprise. In essence this is an interdisciplinary field which combines systems engineering and strategic management as it seeks to engineer the entire enterprise in terms of the products, processes and business operations,". this field is related to engineering management, operations management, service management and systems engineering. 
In the context of software development, a specific field of enterprise engineering has also appeared that deals with the modelling and integration of various organizational and technical parts of business processes and functions. In the context of information systems development, this has become an area of activity for the organization of systems analysis, and an extension to the existing scope of Information Modelling. It can also be viewed as an extension and generalization of the systems analysis and systems design phases of the software development process. Here, enterprise modelling can form part of the early, middle and late information system development life cycle. Explicit representation of the organizational and technical system infrastructure is being developed in order to understand the orderly transformations of existing work practices. This discipline is also known as Enterprise architecture, or along with Enterprise ontology, defined as being one of the two major sub-fields of Enterprise architecture.
In a 2013 article of enterprise engineering has been published. It conveys the ideas of the CIAO! Network (www.ciaonetwork.org). The discipline of enterprise engineering as defined in this article comprises all of the above mentioned fields. Three major objectives are proposed: intellectual manageability, organizational concinnity, and social devotion.
Enterprise engineering methods.
Enterprise engineering involves formal methodologies, methods and techniques which are designed, tested and used extensively in order to offer organizations reusable business process solutions:
These methodologies, techniques and methods are all more or less suited to modeling an enterprise and its underlying processes.
Computer Integrated Manufacturing Open Systems Architecture.
CIMOSA provides templates and interconnected modeling constructs to encode business, people and information technology (IT) aspects of enterprise requirements. This is done from multiple perspectives: Information view, Function view, Resource view and Organization view. These constructs can further be used to structure and facilitate the design and implementation of detailed IT systems. 
The division into different views makes it a clarifying reference for enterprise and software engineers. It shows information needs for different enterprise functions such as activities, processes and operations alongside their corresponding resources. In this way it can easily be determined which IT system will fulfill the information needs of a particular activity and its associated processes.
IDEF.
IDEF, first developed as a modeling language to model manufacturing systems, has been used by the U.S. Airforce since 1981 and originally offered four different notations to model an enterprise from a certain viewpoint. These were IDEF0, IDEF1, IDEF2 and IDEF3 for functional, data, dynamic and process analysis respectively. Over the past decades a number of tools and techniques for the integration of these different notations have been developed incrementally. 
IDEF shows how a business process flows through a variety of decomposed business functions with corresponding information inputs, outputs and actors. Like CIMOSA, it also uses different enterprise views. Moreover, IDEF can be easily transformed into UML-diagrams for the further development of IT systems. These positive characteristics make it a powerful method for the development of Functional Software Architectures.
IDEF shows how a business process flows through a variety of decomposed business functions with corresponding information inputs, outputs and actors. Like CIMOSA, it also uses different enterprise views. Moreover, IDEF can be easily transformed into UML-diagrams for the further development of IT systems. These positive characteristics make it a powerful method for the development of Functional Software Architectures.
Petri Nets.
Petri Nets are established tools used to model manufacturing systems. They are highly expressive and provide good formalisms for the modeling of concurrent systems. The most advantageous properties are the ability to create simple representation of states, concurrent system transitions and capabilities thereby allowing modelling of the duration of transitions. As a result Petri Nets can be used to model certain business processes with corresponding state and transitions or activities therein as well as outputs. Moreover, Petri Nets can be used to model different software systems and transitions between these systems. In this way programmers can use it as a schematic coding reference. 
In recent years research has shown that Petri Nets can contribute to the development of business process integration. One of these is the "Model Blue" methodology developed by IBM's Chinese Research Laboratory. Model Blue outlines the importance of model driven business integration as an emerging approach to building integrated software platforms. The correspondence between their Model Blue business view and an equivalent Petri Net is also shown, which indicates that their research has closed the gap between business and IT. However, instead of Petri Nets the researchers instead use their own Model Blue IT view, which can be derived from their business view through a transformation engine.
Unified Modeling Language (UML).
Unified Modeling Language (UML) is a broadly accepted modeling language for the development of software systems and applications. Many within the Object-oriented analysis and design community also use UML for enterprise modeling purposes. Here, emphasis is placed on the usage of enterprise objects or business objects from which complex enterprise systems are made. A collection of these objects and corresponding interactions between them can represent a complex business system or process. While Petri Nets focus on the interaction and states of objects, UML focuses more on the business objects themselves. Sometimes these are called “enterprise building blocks” and includes resources, processes, goals, rules and metamodels. Despite the fact that UML can be used to model an integrated software system, it has been argued that the reality of business can be modeled with a software modeling language. In respose, the object oriented community makes business extensions for UML and adapts the language accordingly. Extended Enterprise Modeling Language (EEML) is derived from UML and is proposed as a business modeling language. The question remains as to whether this business transformation is the correct method to use, as it was earlier said that UML in combination with other “pure’ business methods may be a better alternative.
Enterprise Function Diagrams.
EFD is a used as a modeling technique for the representation of enterprise functions and corresponding interactions. Different business processes can be modeled in these representations through the use of “function modules” and triggers. A starting business process delivers different inputs to different functions. A process flowing through all the functions and sub-functions creates multiple outputs. Enterprise Function Diagrams thereby provide an easy-to-use and detailed representation about a business process and its corresponding functions, inputs, outputs and triggers. 
In this way EFD has many similarities with IDEF0 diagrams, which also represent business processes in a hierarchical fashion as a combination of functions and triggers. The two differ in that an EFD places the business functions in an organization hierarchical perspective, which outlines the downstream of certain processes in the organization. On the other hand, IDEF0 diagrams show the responsibilities of certain business functions through the use of arrows. Furthermore, IDEF0 provides a clear representation of inputs and outputs for every (sub)function.
EFD may be used as a business front-end to a software modeling language like UML and its major similarities to IDEF as a modeling tool indicate that this is indeed possible. However, further research is needed to improve EFD techniques in such a way that formal mappings to UML can be made. Research on the complementary use of IDEF and UML has contributed to the acceptance of IDEF as business-front end and therefore a similar study should be carried out with EFD and UML.

</doc>
<doc id="20018988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018988" title="Haripur, Janakpur">
Haripur, Janakpur

Haripur is a Village Development Committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7828 people residing in 1410 individual households. 

</doc>
<doc id="20018998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20018998" title="2002 FIFA World Cup qualification – UEFA Group 6">
2002 FIFA World Cup qualification – UEFA Group 6

The five teams in this group played against each other on a home-and-away basis. The group winner Croatia qualified for the 17th FIFA World Cup held in South Korea and Japan. The runner-up Belgium advanced to the UEFA Play-off and played against the Czech Republic.
Team stats.
Head coach: Robert Waseige

Head coach: Craig Brown

Head coach: Gary Johnson (first to fifth match); Aleksandrs Starkovs (sixth to eighth match)

</doc>
<doc id="20019001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019001" title="Phoenix Echo">
Phoenix Echo

Phoenix Echo was the codeword for a top secret plan, developed in the mid-1980s by a small office in the Pentagon, in conjunction with the National Security Agency (NSA), to electronically disrupt low-flying Soviet reconnaissance satellites. The plan was to establish a number of earth stations worldwide that would track the heights and orbits of Soviet satellites that obtained real-time imagery of U. S. and allied installations and ground forces. This information would then be relayed to the J-3EW (Electronic warfare) office of the Joint Staff at the Pentagon. In theory, the EW office could then order ground stations to disrupt the satellite downlinks.
Plan proves to be unworkable.
Although some earth stations were established by the U. S. Air Force, the plan proved to be cumbersome and unworkable. The J-3EW section was physically separated from the National Military Command Center (NMCC), which has primary responsibility for U. S. military responses in time of crisis. Additionally, because of unnecessary secrecy surrounding Phoenix Echo, only a handful of people knew its capabilities and limitations. Often, the Phoenix Echo office was managed by a single officer (most recently a U S. Navy commander), and no one else. The project was opposed by the Military Command Centers Division of the C3 Directorate (since renamed J6) and the Defense Communications Agency (since renamed the Defense Information Systems Agency) on the grounds that no small group of officers should have the authority, by themselves, to disrupt Soviet satellites. The J3EW staff defended the project on the grounds that the Director of the Joint Staff, LTG Jack N. Merritt, USA had a personal interest in it and required regular briefings on its status.
Current status.
Phoenix Echo was disestablished and declassified in the mid-1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="20019004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019004" title="Cape San Antonio, Spain">
Cape San Antonio, Spain

Cape San Antonio, or in Spanish Cabo San Antonio, is a cape on the north coast of Alicante province in southeastern Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="20019007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019007" title="Haripurwa">
Haripurwa

Haripurwa is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 10,440 people living in 1837 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20019017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019017" title="North Country School">
North Country School

North Country School was founded in 1938. The school is a private co-educational day and boarding school for children in grades four to nine, and includes a farm and garden. North Country School is located amongst of forest and grassy meadows above Round Lake in the Adirondack Mountains near Lake Placid, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="20019026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019026" title="List of 1999 ballet premieres">
List of 1999 ballet premieres


</doc>
<doc id="20019033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019033" title="1940–41 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1940–41 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

Huddersfield Town's 1940–41 campaign saw Town play their first full season in the Wartime League. They finished 11th in the North Regional League, based on a goal average system.

</doc>
<doc id="20019039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019039" title="Hariyon">
Hariyon

Hariwon is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 11,912 people living in 2276 individual households.
The town is has received municipality status .
It is the heart of terai-madhes region. The people of various, caste, creeds, religion reside with social harmony. 
Schools and Colleges.
Hariwon is the center of education for the entire district. The Schools and college in the city are:
Hospitals.
Hariwan is home to the one of the most famous eye hospitals in the region.
Industries.
Hariyon is the home of the Indushankar Chini Udhog Ltd. and Brijlal Chamal Udhog Ltd and is one of the main Business center of the District.
Country's leading sugar producing industry, Indushankar Chini Udyog was established in 1984 at Harion, Sarlahi of Nepal. The plant produces high quality sugar and its bi-product with a production capacity of 36,650 MT.
Market.
Hariyon has a permanent market area which houses shops for Garment,Hardware,Cosmetics,Departmental Stores,DVD rentals,Travel agencies,Grocery shops,Hospital,Co-operative Finance companies, a couple of major banks and their ATMs. One can also use internet facilities in the market area.
There is a bi-weekly market that is setup every Wednesday and Sunday. This are the days when most people from the surrounding areas come for the weekly shopping of groceries. With each passing day the number of shops in the market are growing along with the quality and variety of products that they offer. 
Restaurants.
One can find a variety of restaurants in Hariwan that provide all sorts of Nepalese,Indian and Chinese cuisines. One can also find few party places around which are used for occasions like marriage.
Temples.
There are a couple of popular temples around the region:
1. Durga temple near nocha
2. Chaturbhujeshwor Temple
Transport.
The most important National Highway in Nepal passes through Hariwon, the East-West Highway.
Due to this most long route buses plying to major hubs in the country like Kathmandu,Pokhara,Birgunj,Biratnagar,Nepalgunj pass through Hariwon and so one can easily catch a bus to all the major parts of the country from Hariwon.
For local transportation, tempos and Tata ace are popularly used.
Nearest airport is the Simara_Airport which is approximately 60 km. One can get flights to major destination in Nepal from this airport.
Nearest railway station in Nepal is the Janakpur railway station which has only one train bound to Jayanagar in Bihar,India. The nearest railway station in India is the Raxaul Junction which has trains bound to places like New Delhi, Kolkata in India.

</doc>
<doc id="20019047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019047" title="José Reyes Estrada Aguirre">
José Reyes Estrada Aguirre

José Reyes Estrada Aguirre (Chihuahua, Chihuahua, 1929 – Ciudad Juárez, Chihuahua, 31 March 1989) was a Mexican politician, affiliated with the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI). Between 1980 and 1983, he served as municipal president of Ciudad Juárez.
José Reyes Estrada was schooled in the city of Chihuahua and in Saltillo, Coahuila, and studied law at the National Autonomous University (UNAM) in Mexico City.
After graduating he practiced law in Mexico City before relocating to Ciudad Juárez, Chihuahua, where he served as a family judge. He later held positions as the secretary and the treasurer of the Juárez municipal government and, in 1962, was appointed private secretary to Governor of Chihuahua Práxedes Ginér Durán.
He later became a notary public and, in 1976, he was elected to the federal Chamber of Deputies for Chihuahua's Third District, serving in the 50th Congress from 1976 to 1979.
At the end of his period in Congress, he was appointed the regional delegate of the Secretariat of Commerce in Ciudad Juárez.
He was elected municipal president (mayor) of Juárez in 1980 and took office on 10 October of that year.
During his time as mayor, he oversaw the construction of the new city hall. At the end of his mandate, he was replaced as mayor by Francisco Barrio, the first ever non-PRI municipal president of Juárez.
Reyes Estrada died in Ciudad Juárez on 31 March 1989.
His son, José Reyes Ferriz, is serving as municipal president of Ciudad Juárez for the 2007–10 period.

</doc>
<doc id="20019067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019067" title="List of 2000 ballet premieres">
List of 2000 ballet premieres


</doc>
<doc id="20019069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019069" title="Argentina–Mexico relations">
Argentina–Mexico relations

Argentina — Mexico relations refers to interstate relations between the Argentine Republic and the United Mexican States. On May 20, 1914, Argentina and the other ABC Powers met in Niagara Falls, Canada, to prevent a war with the United States, and both countries remained neutral.
Both are members of the "Uniting for Consensus" group, which opposes expanding the permanent membership of the United Nations Security Council to include the G4 nations (one of which is Brazil).

</doc>
<doc id="20019081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019081" title="Hathiyol">
Hathiyol

Hathiyol is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5192 people living in 917 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20019113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019113" title="The Ministry Years">
The Ministry Years

The Ministry Years is a two-volume posthumous compilation album series by American contemporary Christian music pianist and singer Keith Green, originally released in 1987 and 1988. Each two-disc volume covers half of Green's recording career: 1977-1979 and 1980-1982. Included with each volume is a 19-page booklet insert. These compilation albums are treated with several previously unreleased songs (denoted by a ** below). Both volumes were re-released in 1999 with new covers (seen at right) patterned after the "Songs of..." series. The re-issue also included a digital copy of the book "No Compromise: The Life Story of Keith Green".

</doc>
<doc id="20019116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019116" title="Hempur">
Hempur

Hempur is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5149 people living in 846 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20019121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019121" title="Daisy Whitney">
Daisy Whitney

Daisy Whitney is an American multimedia reporter specializing in all forms of online and new media content distribution. She was the first journalist to launch a personal online newscast covering the internet business. Currently TelevisionWeek's new media reporter, she has written for a number of publications. Daisy graduated with a degree in art history from Brown University in 1994.
Current jobs.
Daisy created and hosts the webcast "New Media Minute", broadcast on BeetTV.com, iMedia and other sites. She programs conferences for ad:tech and iMedia and contributes to Cynopsis, Advertising Age, OMMA. She is also a published novelist.
Contributions, interviews and appearances.
Daisy has contributed to a various amount of publications including TelevisionWeek, Shape, Business 2.0, The Denver Post, Canada's The Globe and Mail, Miami Herald, New Media Age, Extra Extra, Multichannel News, Natural Health and Consumers Digest.
Daisy has appeared on CNN's Showbiz Tonight, CNBC's Closing Bell and G4's Attack of the Show. She has been interviewed by both NPR and the Wall Street Journal.
Daisy has produced videos with Nalts and in October 2008 was guest editor at the comedy video site Roof Top Comedy.
Daisy is also the author of The Mockingbirds, a young adult novel slated for a fall 2010 release from Little Brown. It is listed in Publishers Marketplace as a story about an "underground vigilante group of boarding school students committed to righting the wrongs of their peers."
Industry panels and conferences.
Daisy has spoken on industry panels at conferences such as the Consumer Electronics Show, The National Association of Broadcasters and the National Association of Television Programming Executives. In November 2008 she spoke at the Ad-tech Conference in New York. In June 2009, she moderated a panel discussion on the distribution and measurement of digital content programs at the Digital Content NewFront.
Creating controversy.
Veronica Belmont fan John Rozewicki, blogger for notArrogant.com, created the "Why I Hate Daisy Whitney" website, which he uses to express his hatred for Daisy and his adoration for Belmont.

</doc>
<doc id="20019123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019123" title="Walter Scherff">
Walter Scherff

Major General Walter Scherff (1 November 1898 – 24 May 1945) was a German army officer and military historian appointed by Adolf Hitler to the Oberkommando der Wehrmacht in May 1942 to compile the history of the war.
He served in a Panzer Battalion and was promoted Oberstleutnant in 1939, Oberst in September 1941 and Generalmajor in September 1943. He was injured in 1944 by the 20 July plot bomb at the Wolf's Lair headquarters in Rastenburg, East Prussia.
A great admirer of Hitler, he was captured by the Americans and shot himself after the German surrender.
Scherff was responsible for the destruction of parts of the complete stenographic record of Hitler's military conferences despite not having the authority to do so. Those copies under the administration of the Stenographic Service were ordered burned early in May 1945, at his direction. His personal copies were also "probably" burned, according to historians, as "Scherff made it plain that his opinion of Hitler as a general had changed, and he strongly criticized the military strategy of the last few years." 

</doc>
<doc id="20019145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019145" title="HMS Petard">
HMS Petard

Two ships of the Royal Navy have borne the name HMS "Petard", after the petard, a type of bomb:

</doc>
<doc id="20019155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019155" title="Ishworpur">
Ishworpur

Ishworpur is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 14,014 people living in 249 individual households.
Educational Institutions.
1. LALIGURANS SECONDARY ACADEMY (Nursery to 10) Serving since 30 years
2. NARAYAN MULTIPLE CAMPUS (B.Ed/B.B.S./B.A)
3. NARAYAN H.S.SCHOOL (6 to 12 COMMERCE/EDU.)
Media.
To Promote local culture Ishworpur has one FM radio station Samudayik Radio yekata - 92.4 MHz Which is a Community radio Station.
References.
ishworpur is one of the most stabilized vdc of sarlahi in every aspcect.

</doc>
<doc id="20019178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019178" title="ACM Transactions on Mathematical Software">
ACM Transactions on Mathematical Software

ACM Transactions on Mathematical Software (TOMS) is a quarterly scientific journal that aims to disseminate the latest findings of note in the field of numeric, symbolic, algebraic, and geometric computing applications. It has been published since March 1975 by the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM), a premier scientific and educational society on computer science and computational technology in the USA. 
The journal is described as follows on the ACM Digital Library page:
ACM Transactions on Mathematical Software (TOMS) documents the theoretical underpinnings of numeric, symbolic, algebraic, and geometric computing applications. It focuses on analysis and construction of algorithms and programs, and the interaction of programs and architecture. Algorithms documented in TOMS are available as the Collected Algorithms of the ACM in print, on microfiche, on disk, and online.
The purpose was first stated by its founding editor, Professor John Rice, in the inaugural issue.
Algorithms described in the transactions are generally published in Collected Algorithms. Algorithms published in Collected Algorithms since 1975 (and some earlier ones) are available.
Authors publishing in ACM TOMS "are required to transfer the copyright to ACM upon acceptance of the algorithm for publication"and ACM subsequently distributes the software under the "ACM Software License Agreement", which is free of charge for noncommercial use only [http://www.acm.org/publications/policies/softwarecrnotice. (This restriction means that ACM TOMS software is not Free and open-source software according to The Free Software Definition or The Open Source Definition.)

</doc>
<doc id="20019205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019205" title="List of 1998 ballet premieres">
List of 1998 ballet premieres


</doc>
<doc id="20019227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019227" title="Segment addition postulate">
Segment addition postulate

In Geometry, the segment addition postulate states that if B is between A and C, then AB + BC = AC. The converse is not necessarily true. The converse fails when point B coincides with either A or C, in which case AB + BC = AC is true, but B is not strictly between A and C. The segment addition postulate is often useful in proving results on the congruence of segments. 

</doc>
<doc id="20019231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019231" title="Stanley Betts">
Stanley Betts

Stanley Woodley Betts CBE (23 March 1912 – 7 June 2003) was an Anglican priest in the 20th century.
Life.
Betts was educated at Perse School and Jesus College, Cambridge. He was ordained in 1936 and was successively a wartime chaplain with the RAF, a chaplain at Clare College, Cambridge, the Vicar of Holy Trinity, Cambridge and then, in 1956, the Bishop of Maidstone with the additional title of "Archbishop of Canterbury's Episcopal Representative with the three Armed Forces". (Before his appointment, the last Bishop of Maidstone had been Leslie Owen, who was translated to Lincoln in 1946.) From 1966 he was Dean of Rochester, a post he held for 11 years.

</doc>
<doc id="20019238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019238" title="Sardinian regional election, 1994">
Sardinian regional election, 1994

The Sardinian regional election of 1994 took place on 12 and 26 June 1994.
The election was won by the Progressives and Federico Palomba (Democratic Party of the Left) was President of the Region for the 1994–1999 term with the support of centrist and regionalist parties.
Results.
Sources: Regional Council of Sardinia and La Repubblica

</doc>
<doc id="20019242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019242" title="2007 European Junior Swimming Championships">
2007 European Junior Swimming Championships

The 2007 European Junior Swimming Championships were held from July 18 to July 22, 2007 in Antwerp, Belgium.

</doc>
<doc id="20019258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019258" title="Vanda Hădărean">
Vanda Hădărean

Vanda Maria Hădărean (born May 3, 1976 in Cluj-Napoca, Romania) is a retired Romanian artistic gymnast who competed in international events between 1990 and 1993. She is an Olympic silver medalist and a world bronze medalist with the team and a European all around bronze medalist. She is also a successful fitness model and she has won various world class fitness competitions. She is a four-time Ms. Fitness World (2008, 2009, 2010 and 2011) and a four-time Ms. Fitness Canada (2006–2009). She also coaches, trains, provides consultation services to gymnasts and fitness models under the brand name “Inspired by Vanda”.
Early gymnastics career.
Hădărean began gymnastics at the age of five, after a local coach spotted her talent and potential while she was playing in the park. At 13, she was selected to the Junior National team and moved to Onesti to train. During her junior career she won the all around title at the Junior European Championships in 1991, the gold medal on uneven bars and placed sixth on beam and tied for the fourth place on floor.
Senior gymnastics career.
As a senior gymnast Hădărean was a consistent member of the Romanian team, helping the team to win the bronze medal at the 1991 World Championships and the silver medal at the 1992 Olympic Games. Individually she won the bronze medal in the all around event at the 1992 European championships. At the same competition she placed sixth on uneven bars and seventh on floor.
During her senior career she was often overshadowed by many of the other strong Romanians of her time such as Lavinia Miloșovici, Cristina Bontaș, and Gina Gogean. As a result, she did not have as many opportunities to compete in individual events due to the 3-per-country rule. For example, at the 1992 Olympic Games Hădărean placed eleventh in the qualification for the all around event behind Bontaș, third, Miloșovici, fourth, and Gogean, seventh.
Coaching career.
Hădărean retired from competitive gymnastics in 1994. After graduating high school in Deva she moved on to a sports university. Shortly after enrolling in the university, she received a coaching position in Canada that she accepted. Hadarean quit school and moved to Canada where she coached at Mountain Star Gymnastics in Hamilton, Ontario and a second gym in Peterborough, Ontario. After more than two years coaching in Canada, she moved to the USA to coach in Houston, Texas at Moceanu Gymnastics Incorporated (MGI). When MGI closed, she moved to South Carolina to coach at Golden Strip Gymnastics (now renamed Champions Gymnastics). This position was short-lived however, and she returned to Romania.
Back home, Hădărean began working for a private aerobics club, EOS Aerobic Centre, in Cluj-Napoca. At the age of 24, she returned to Canada in early November 2000, and began coaching at Mountain Star Gymnastics in Hamilton again. In mid-2001 she began a new coaching position at Tumblers Gymnastics Centre in Ottawa, Canada's capital. She served as the club's first provincial-level coach, focusing on choreography and strengthening the club's female elite program.
Fitness career.
Following the advice of a good friend Hădărean started to compete in fitness modeling and fitness routines. She had a successful debut in fitness in 2005 by winning the Ms. Fitness Canada title and finishing fourth at the Ms. World Fitness event. She continued her fitness career by winning three more Ms. Fitness Canada titles (2006, 2007, 2008), a second place at Ms. World Fitness in 2007 and four consecutive Ms. World Fitness titles (2008, 2009, 2010 and 2011).
Hădărean was on the cover of several magazines such as “Serious about fitness”, November 2005 and March 2008, “Ms. Fitness Magazine”, Spring 2008 and "Oxygen", October 2009.
She is also a successful fitness coach. Three of the girls coached by her at Tumblers reached the podium in the junior and teen events at the 2008 Ms. Fitness Canada competition. Emily MacDougall and Alexa Charett came first and second in the teen event and Emily Tippins placed second in the junior category.
Brand name.
Currently Hădǎrean coaches and trains through her signature “Inspired by Vanda” programs at Soma Health and Fitness Ottawa Canada. She also makes promotional appearances and provides consultation services to gymnasts and other fitness, fitness model, and figure competitors.
Awards.
She was twice awarded the title “Gymnast of the Year” by her hometown Cluj and once awarded “Gymnast of the Year” by Neutron Sports Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="20019277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019277" title="Threefish">
Threefish

Threefish is a symmetric-key tweakable block cipher designed as part of the Skein hash function, an entry in the NIST hash function competition. Threefish uses no S-boxes or other table lookups in order to avoid cache timing attacks; its nonlinearity comes from alternating additions with exclusive ORs. In that respect, it is similar to Salsa20, TEA, and the SHA-3 candidates CubeHash and BLAKE.
Threefish and the Skein hash function were designed by Bruce Schneier, Niels Ferguson, Stefan Lucks, Doug Whiting, Mihir Bellare, Tadayoshi Kohno, Jon Callas, and Jesse Walker.
Security.
In October 2010, an attack that combines rotational cryptanalysis with the rebound attack was published. The attack mounts a known-key distinguisher against 53 of 72 rounds in Threefish-256, and 57 of 72 rounds in Threefish-512. It also affects the Skein hash function. This is a follow-up to the earlier attack published in February, which breaks 39 and 42 rounds respectively. In response to this attack, the Skein team tweaked the rotation constants used in Threefish and thereby the key schedule constants for round 3 of the NIST hash function competition.
In 2009, a related key boomerang attack against a reduced round Threefish version was published. For the 32-round version, the time complexity is formula_1 and the memory complexity is formula_2; for the 33-round version, the time complexity is formula_3 with a negligible memory usage. The attacks also work against the tweaked version of Threefish: for the 32-round version, the time complexity is formula_4 and the memory complexity is formula_2; for the 33-round version, the time complexity is formula_6 with a negligible memory usage.

</doc>
<doc id="20019285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019285" title="National symbols of Peru">
National symbols of Peru

'"National symbols of Peru" are the symbols that are used in Peru to represent what is unique about the nation, reflecting different aspects of the cultural life and history. The official symbols of Peru are established by law and part of the Political Constitution of Peru (Article 49).
Official symbols.
The official symbols of Peru are established by law and part of the Political Constitution of Peru (Article 49).
Peruvian icons.
Icons of Peruvian culture.

</doc>
<doc id="20019312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019312" title="The Collected Jorkens">
The Collected Jorkens

The Collected Jorkens is a three-volume omnibus collection of fantasy short stories by author Lord Dunsany and issued by Night Shade Books, then of Portland, Oregon. The first volume comprises "The Travel Tales of Mr. Joseph Jorkens", first published in London by G. P. Putnam's Sons in April, 1931 (and then in the USA), and "Jorkens Remembers Africa," first published in New York by Longmans, Green & Co. in 1934 (and then in the UK). The second volume gathers the third and fourth books of Dunsany's Jorkens tales, with two previously uncollected pieces. These books, Jorkens Has a Large Whiskey and The Fourth Book of Jorkens were originally published in 1940 and 1947 respectively (the latter's 1948 USA edition from Arkham House was for many years the only Jorkens volume widely available). The third volume gathers the fifth and sixth books of Dunsany's Jorkens tales, with three previously uncollected pieces, including the last Jorkens story written. The books, Jorkens Borrows Another Whiskey and The Last Book of Jorkens were originally published in 1954 and 2002 respectively (the latter, prepared for publication around 1957, and only discovered in 2001, was published in a limited edition, with an introduction explaining its origins - not reproduced in the omnibus volume). The fifth book brought one key story in which Jorkens is joined by his most frequent adversary, Terbut, while the sixth book contains two stories written as late as 1957 (February and August); the author died in October 1957.
The first volume was issued in a leatherette-bound hardback, with a stamped illustration (from Sidney Sime) and no dust jacket, in early 2004. It had originally been scheduled for release in 2003 with a dust jacket illustrated by Charles Vess but the publisher announced initially delays, and then a change to the format, due to the artist's heavy schedule. The second volume was also published in 2004, but the third was published in 2005.
The Jorkens stories are "told" in the setting of a London gentleman's or adventurers' club of which the title character and the narrator are members, and usually open with another member mentioning an interesting experience he has had; this rouses Jorkens, who in return for a whisky-and-soda goes the other member one better with an extraordinary tall tale, supposedly from his own past. His stories often tip well over the boundaries of the plausible, into the realms of fantasy, horror, or even science fiction, and his auditors can never be quite sure what proportion of what he relates was truly experienced and to what degree he might have embellished.

</doc>
<doc id="20019321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019321" title="Ahmed Garba">
Ahmed Garba

Ahmed "Yaro Yaro" Garba (born 24 May 1980 in Kano) is a football striker.
Career.
Garba currently plays in the Nigerian Premier League for Wikki Tourists F.C.
He was also a member of the Nigeria national football team at the 1998 Carlsberg Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20019344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019344" title="Atlantic Greyhound Lines">
Atlantic Greyhound Lines

The Atlantic Greyhound Lines (called also Atlantic or AGL), a highway-coach carrier, was a Greyhound regional operating company, based in Charleston, West Virginia, USA, from 1931 until 1960, when it became merged with the Southeastern Greyhound Lines (called also Southeastern, SEG, SEGL, or the SEG Lines), a neighboring operating company, thus forming the Southern Division of The Greyhound Corporation (the parent Greyhound firm), which division became called also the Southern Greyhound Lines (GL).
Midland Trail Transit Company.
The story of the Atlantic GL starts with the Midland Trail Transit Company, which began in July 1924, under the leadership of Arthur Hill (formerly the secretary and treasurer of the Charleston Interurban Railroad Company) – to run – after buying two pre-existing carriers (the White Transportation Company and the Huntington-Charleston Motor Bus Company) – between Charleston and Huntington (both in West Virginia), along one segment of a highway named as the Midland Trail (later designated US highway 60).
The Midland Trail firm continued to grow, mostly by buying more existing companies.
Blue and Gray Transit Company.
Hill incorporated the Blue and Gray (called also B&G) Transit Company in Charleston, West Virginia in May 1927 – to buy his own Midland Trail firm and at least three other highway carriers (thus increasing his route network) – to make it easy and simple to consolidate all the permits and certificates of all the predecessor firms.
B&G continued to expand, through Portsmouth to Cincinnati and to Columbus (all three in Ohio), through Wheeling (in West Virginia) to Pittsburgh (in Pennsylvania), to Lexington (in Virginia), and to Clarksburg and to Bluefield (both in West Virginia).
Camel City Coach Company.
Meanwhile in December 1925 in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, the Camel City Coach Company (bearing a nickname of its hometown due to the Camel cigarettes made there) came into existence, under the leadership of a merchant by the name of John Gilmer – to run between Charlotte (in North Carolina) and Martinsville (in Virginia) via Winston-Salem – and to expand. 
Soon Camel City grew, mostly by acquisition, first to the northwest to Mount Airy (in North Carolina), then to the south through Columbia and thence to the southeast to Charleston (both in South Carolina), onward through Savannah (in Georgia) to Jacksonville (in Florida), through Augusta and Waycross (both in Georgia) to Jacksonville (along a route from Augusta to Jacksonville acquired in March 1931 from the Greyhound Lines of Georgia, a predecessor of the Southeastern GL), to the west through Boone (in North Carolina) and thence to the northwest to Abingdon (in Virginia), to the north to Roanoke (in Virginia), and to the east-northeast through Greensboro (in North Carolina) and Danville to Norfolk and to Richmond (all three in Virginia).
National Highway Transport Company.
Hill and Gilmer together organized the National Highway Transport (NHT) Company in December 1929 in Charleston, West Virginia, to buy the capital stock of the Blue and Gray and the Camel City concerns.
Atlantic GL.
Early in 1931 the NHT firm (which already had formed operating ties to Greyhound and had begun negotiations with Greyhound) began using the brand name, trade name, or service name of the Atlantic Greyhound Lines (while at first retaining its own previous corporate name), then in July 1931 NHT became renamed as the Atlantic Greyhound Lines (with the consent of the parent Greyhound firm), although Greyhound had then acquired only a minority interest in NHT and not yet a controlling interest.
By September 1931 the Skyland Stages, running since 1930 between Columbia (in South Carolina) and Knoxville (in Tennessee) via Greenville (in South Carolina) and Asheville (in North Carolina), became a division of the Atlantic GL. Gilmer (of the Camel City Coach Company) had begun the process of forming the Skyland Stages (which ran through the town of Skyland in North Carolina, between Asheville and Greenville), when in May 1929 he founded the Asheville-Knoxville Coach Company.
Old Dominion Stages.
Further, in 1929 three major players in the developing highway-coach industry – Arthur Hill (of the Blue and Gray Transit Company), John Gilmer (of the Camel City Coach Company), and Guy Huguelet (of the Consolidated Coach Corporation, based in Lexington, Kentucky, which in -36 became renamed as the Southeastern Greyhound Lines) – organized yet another carrier, based in Roanoke, named as the Old Dominion (called also OD) Stages, using the nickname of the state or Commonwealth of Virginia – to run between Knoxville and Washington, DC via Bristol, Wytheville, Roanoke, Lexington, Staunton, and Winchester, Virginia, along a route which divided between the territories of the B&G and the Camel City companies – with those three men owning the new firm in three equal shares. Service began on the day before Thanksgiving Day in November 1929.
Tennessee Coach Company.
In May 1932 the OD Stages leased its rights to the route segment between Knoxville and Bristol (along US-11W) to the Tennessee Coach Company (called also TCC), which then was an independent regional carrier based in Knoxville, and which already ran (in part) between those two cities on its own parallel route (along -11E). 
Later in 1932 Hill and Gilmer bought the one-third interest of Huguelet in the OD Stages, then they merged OD into their Atlantic GL.
The Tennessee Coach Company continued to run that leased segment (between Knoxville and Bristol) – and on that route took part in through-schedules (interlined pool operations) – that is, the use of through-coaches on through-routes running through the territories of two or more operating companies – in cooperation with the Atlantic GL, the Dixie GL, and the Southeastern GL – including through-schedules between Birmingham (in Alabama) and Bristol and between Memphis and Washington – until 1956, when the TCC joined the Trailways trade association (then named as the National Trailways Bus System), and when the TCC returned its leased right to that segment to the Atlantic GL (as the successor in interest of the OD Stages) – as a part of the deal related to the dissociation of the TCC from Greyhound. 
Afterward the TCC continued running between Knoxville and Bristol, but only along its own original route (on US-11E).
John Gilmer and others.
John Gilmer, the founder of the Camel City Coach Company, participated also in a number of other activities during the early development of the highway-coach industry. 
In 1928 Gilmer provided much of the funds used in a refinancing and reorganizing of the Eastern Carolina Coach Company (running between Charlotte and Wilmington, both in North Carolina), which became renamed as the Queen City Coach Company (based in Charlotte), which (sometime about 1939-43) joined the National Trailways association (thus becoming called also the Queen City Trailways), and which in 1966 became bought by the Transcontinental Bus System (using the brand name, trade name, or service name of the Continental Trailways). Gilmer ended his involvement with the Queen City firm in 1933.
In 1933 Gilmer (along with several other principals of the Queen City Coach Company) joined in forming the Old South Lines, which started running between Charlotte and Atlanta (in Georgia) and between Columbia (in South Carolina) and Atlanta.
Gilmer's Old South Lines in 1934 bought the route between Atlanta and Montgomery (in Alabama) – including an alternate loop through Columbus (in Georgia) – from the Hood Coach Lines, which on that route had begun its first service (from Atlanta to Columbus in 1930, then onward to Montgomery in 1933), and which had soon tried (unsuccessfully) to run additional routes in the Peach State – between Atlanta and Macon, between Macon and Savannah, and between Macon and Jacksonville via Waycross.
Hood in November 1934 sold also its other routes – to the Consolidated Coach Corporation and the Union Bus Company, acting jointly, with the Atlanta-Macon and Macon-Waycross-Jacksonville routes going to Consolidated (which in 1936 became renamed as the Southeastern Greyhound Lines) and with the Macon-Savannah route going to Union (which in 1941 became bought by and merged into the Southeastern GL) – thus providing Consolidated and Union (and therefore later Greyhound) not only a new route between Macon and Savannah and a parallel alternate route between Atlanta and Macon but also a quicker alternate route between Macon and Jacksonville (about 50 miles shorter than the older route via Valdosta in Georgia and Lake City in Florida). 
After that last sale the Hood firm, holding no other route, went out of business.
In 1935 the Atlantic GL bought the Old South routes to Atlanta from Charlotte and from Columbia, thus preparing to establish connections in Atlanta with the Teche GL and the Southeastern GL.
In February 1936 the Teche GL bought the Old South route between Atlanta and Montgomery (with the loop through Columbus), thus completing its route between New Orleans (in Louisiana) and Atlanta.
Gilmer also owned one or more automotive dealerships in Winston-Salem which sold Chrysler cars and GMC trucks.
Capitol GL.
The Capitol GL, based in Cincinnati, Ohio, came into existence in November 1930 – as a joint venture (owned in two equal shares) by the Blue and Gray Transit Company and The Greyhound Corporation (with an uppercase T, because the word “the” was an integral part of the legal name of the corporate entity) – to operate a single new main line, between Washington, DC, and Saint Louis (in Missouri), via Winchester (in Virginia), Clarksburg and Parkersburg (both in West Virginia), Chillicothe and Cincinnati (both in Ohio), Bedford and Vincennes (both in Indiana), and Olney and Salem (both in Illinois), along US-50 – a route shorter and quicker (six hours faster) than the best (then available) alternate route Hagerstown (in Maryland), Pittsburgh (in Pennsylvania), Wheeling (in West Virginia), Columbus (in Ohio), Indianapolis and Terre Haute (both in Indiana), and Effingham (in Illinois) – plus a branch line between Shoals and Louisville (in Kentucky) via Paoli (in Indiana). 
As described above, B&G (along with Camel City) in 1929 became a part of the NHT Company, which in 1931 became renamed as the Atlantic Greyhound Lines.
The first president of the Capitol GL was Arthur Hill, the founder and president of the B&G firm.
In 1954 the parent Greyhound firm bought the 50-percent share of the Atlantic GL (which part had come from B&G) in the Capitol GL, then Greyhound merged Capitol into the Pennsylvania GL, which in 1955 was merged with the old (second) Central GL, thereby forming the Eastern Division of The Greyhound Corporation (called also the new (second) Eastern GL), the first of four huge new divisions (along with Southern, Western, and Central, which last name became used again (in the fifth of six instances) but with a meaning quite different from its other applications).
Atlantic GL as a division of The Greyhound Corporation.
In 1936 The Greyhound Corporation accumulated a controlling (majority) interest in the Atlantic GL, and in 1957 the parent firm finished buying the remaining minority interest in the AGL and then merged the AGL into itself as a division of itself.
By 1960 the Atlantic GL reached as far to the north as Columbus and Pittsburgh, as far to the east as the Atlantic Ocean, as far to the south as Jacksonville, and as far to the west as Cincinnati, Knoxville, and Atlanta.
The AGL also ran extensive local commuter service based in its hometown of Charleston and in Portsmouth (in Ohio), Winston-Salem (in North Carolina), Sumter (in South Carolina), and (in conjunction with the Queen City Trailways) in Charlotte (in North Carolina).
The Atlantic GL then met the new Eastern GL to the north, the new Central GL to the northwest, and the Southeastern GL to the west and the south; AGL also met the Richmond GL in Washington, DC, and in Norfolk and Richmond.
AGL took part in a large number of major interlined north-south through-routes (using pooled equipment in cooperation with other Greyhound companies) – that is, the use of through-coaches on through-routes running through the territories of two or more Greyhound regional operating companies – between various pairs of cities (first between New York City and Jacksonville), including: in the north, Chicago, Detroit, Cleveland, Pittsburgh, Boston, New York City, and Washington, and in the south, Norfolk, Memphis, Atlanta, Jacksonville, Orlando, Miami, Saint Petersburg, and New Orleans.
Merger with Southeastern GL.
In November 1960, in another round of consolidation, Greyhound merged the Atlantic GL with – not into but rather "with" – the Southeastern GL, based in Lexington, Kentucky, a neighboring regional company – thereby forming the Southern Division of The Greyhound Corporation, called also the Southern GL, the third of four huge new divisions (along with Central, Eastern, and Western) – which reached as far to the north as Springfield and Effingham (both in Illinois), Columbus, Pittsburgh, and Washington, as far to the east as the Atlantic Ocean, as far to the south as Miami and Key West, and as far to the west as Cincinnati, Saint Louis, Memphis, Baton Rouge, New Orleans, and Lake Charles (in Louisiana and on the way to Houston, the rest of Texas, and the rest of the West) – from the Mississippi River to the Atlantic Ocean and from the Ohio River to the Gulf of Mexico..
Thus ended the Atlantic GL and the Southeastern GL, and thus began the Southern GL.
Beyond Atlantic GL.
Later (about 1966) The Greyhound Corporation reorganized again, into just two humongous divisions, named as the Greyhound Lines East (GLE) and the Greyhound Lines West (GLW); even later (about 1970) it eliminated those two divisions, thus leaving a single gargantuan undivided nationwide fleet.
When the Southern GL came into existence, the headquarters functions became gradually transferred from Lexington, Kentucky, and Charleston, West Virginia, to Atlanta, Georgia; when GLE arose, many of those administrative functions became shifted from Atlanta to Cleveland, Ohio; eventually those functions migrated to Chicago, Illinois, then to Phoenix, Arizona – when (in 1971) The Greyhound Corporation moved its corporate headquarters from Chicago to a new building in Phoenix.
In 1987 The Greyhound Corporation (the original Greyhound umbrella firm), which had become widely diversified far beyond transportation, sold its entire highway-coach operating business (its core bus business), to a new company, named as the Greyhound Lines, Inc., called also GLI, based in Dallas, Texas – a separate, independent, unrelated firm, which was the property of a group of private investors under the promotion of Fred Currey, a former executive of the Continental Trailways (later renamed as the Trailways, Inc., called also TWI, also based in Dallas), which was by far the largest member company in the National Trailways trade association.
Later in 1987 the Greyhound Lines, Inc., the GLI, the new firm based in Dallas, further bought the Trailways, Inc., the TWI, its largest competitor, and merged it into the GLI.
The lenders and the other investors of the GLI ousted Fred Currey (as the chief executive officer) after the firm went into bankruptcy in 1990.
The GLI has continued to experience difficulties and lackluster performance under a succession of new owners and new executives – while continuing to reduce its level of service – by hauling fewer passengers aboard fewer coaches on fewer trips along fewer routes with fewer stops in fewer communities in fewer states – and by doing so on fewer days – that is, increasingly operating some trips less often than every day (fewer than seven days per week) – and by using fewer through-coaches, thereby requiring passengers to make more transfers (from one coach to another).
After the sale to the GLI, The Greyhound Corporation changed its name to the Greyhound-Dial Corporation, then the Dial Corporation, then the Viad Corporation. contrived name Viad appears to be a curious respelling of the former name Dial – if one scrambles the letters D, I, and A, then turns the V upside down and regards it as the Greek letter lambda – Λ – that is, the Greek equivalent of the Roman or Latin letter L.
The website of the Viad Corporation (http://www.viad.com) in September 2008 makes no mention of its corporate history or its past relationship to Greyhound (that is, its origin as The Greyhound Corporation).

</doc>
<doc id="20019353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019353" title="RAF Honeybourne">
RAF Honeybourne

Royal Air Force Station Honeybourne or RAF Honeybourne was a Royal Air Force station located south of Honeybourne, Worcestershire, England and east of Evesham, Worcestershire, England
The station was operational from 1940 or 1941 to 1946 or 15 November 1947.
Station history.
RAF Honeybourne had five hangars there was one J Type and 4 T2's. The airfield used a mixture of temporary and permanent accommodation and on 1 December 1944 there were 1973 males and 382 females located at the airfield.
The airfield was home to No. 24 Operational Training Unit RAF (OTU) which used Vickers Wellingtons and Armstrong Whitworth Whitleys from 15 March 1942 until July 1945 flying many operational bombing and leaflet dropping operations.
A number of units based from Ferry Command were based including a ferry training unit using Lockheed Hudsons and Bristol Beauforts were based at the airfield between November 1941 and March 1942, and 1425 Flight using Liberators between November 1941 and April 1942.
Post WW2.
The airfield was also temporarily home to No. 21 OTU flying Wellingtons from RAF Enstone from August 1945 for two months because the runways at their home base were being repaired. From October 1945 until 1946 107 Sub Storage Unit from No. 8 Maintenance Unit used the airfield for storing Wellingtons and General Aircraft Hamilcar gliders.
The role of the airfield after the war changed with the reduction of flying movements and with a slight change in what the units did on the airfield when No. 107 Sub Storage Unit from 1947 began to collect no longer needed Wellingtons which were then scrapped and taken to Weston Subedge goods yard (which was near to the south-western corner) where the railway would take them to the necessary destination.
Accidents and incidents.
7 August 1940 Handley Page Hampden P2086 of 4 Ferry Pilots Pool stalled attempting to force land after an engine failure.
24 December 1941 Bristol Blenheim L8663 of Ferry Training Unit stalled on approach.
10 March 1942 Lockheed Hudson V8995 of the Ferry Training Unit spun into ground.
20 July 1943 Avro Anson DJ242 of 24 OTU undershot landing.
14 May 1944 Armstrong Whitworth Whitley N1436 of 24 OTU stalled on overshoot.
6 January 1945 Vickers Wellington HE633 of 24 OTU crashed on take off when an engine failed.
28 April 1947 Wellington JA349 was hit by Wellington LR130 while parked.
Current use.
In July 1948 the site was closed and much has reverted to farmland with runways being removed in 1968.
Since then, the airside area has evolved into the Honeybourne Airfield Trading Estate with the five hangars being used for different purposes.

</doc>
<doc id="20019360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019360" title="Sydney New Year's Eve 2006–07">
Sydney New Year's Eve 2006–07

Sydney New Year's Eve 2006–07 was the 12th Sydney New Year's Eve held at Sydney Harbour on the evening of 31 December 2006 and in the early hours of 1 January 2007. It was the first year that Network Ten would broadcast the event, having won a three-year deal from the Nine Network and was co-hosted by Gretel Killeen and Daniel MacPherson.
The theme was previously revealed to be "A Diamond Night in Emerald City" to commemorate the 75th anniversary of the Sydney Harbour Bridge, with fireworks once again produced by Foti International Fireworks. This was Wayne Harrison's second consecutive year as creative director.
Controversy.
In its inaugural broadcast of the show, broadcaster Network Ten received a large number of complaints over its 2006 Sydney New Year's Eve coverage. Most of the criticism was left for Matthew Newton, son of Channel Nine star Bert Newton, who was simulating oral sex with John Foreman on the piano with his penis on the "The Big Night In with John Foreman". There were calls for the network to lose the rights to the broadcast and give them back to the Nine Network, who had them from 1995–96 to 2005–06. It was dubbed "the worst NYE ever".

</doc>
<doc id="20019382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019382" title="Short Eyes (film)">
Short Eyes (film)

Short Eyes is a 1977 American film adaptation of the Miguel Piñero play of the same title, directed by Robert M. Young.
Plot.
"Short Eyes" is set in an unnamed House of Detention in New York City, the prisoners of which are predominately black or Puerto Rican. One day, a new prisoner is brought in: Clark Davis, a young, middle-class white man accused of raping a young girl. His fellow prisoners immediately turn on him — pedophiles are considered the lowest form of prison life — except for Juan, one of the institution's older prisoners, who treats him with dignity. While Davis insists he doesn't remember raping the girl, he admits that he has molested several other children. 
Nevertheless, the case against him is weak and, unless Juan tells prison authorities about Davis' confessions to him, it is only a matter of time before he is set free. As Juan struggles with what to do, the other prisoners plan to rid themselves of Davis permanently.
Music.
Curtis Mayfield wrote the film's score, and appears in the film as a prisoner performing the song "Doo Doo Wop Is Strong In Here". The soundtrack was released on Mayfield's Curtom Records.

</doc>
<doc id="20019391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019391" title="List of 2007 ballet premieres">
List of 2007 ballet premieres


</doc>
<doc id="20019405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019405" title="Lloyd Tilghman Memorial">
Lloyd Tilghman Memorial

The Lloyd Tilghman Memorial is an historical statue located in Paducah Kentucky, honoring native son Lloyd Tilghman, a brigadier general for the Confederate States of America who died at the Battle of Champion Hill in May 1863.
Lloyd Tilghman was a native of Maryland that lived in Paducah from 1852-1861. joined the Confederate army on July 5, 1861 as a colonel, but was promoted to general the next October. He was placed in charge of the engineering of Fort Henry and Fort Donelson, succeeding another general, but was unable to stop the building of the militarily deficient Henry until too late. He was captured at the Battle of Fort Henry, and would not return to duty until the next Fall, which led to his death during the Vicksburg Campaign.
In 1909 it was decided to honor Tilghman. Tilghman's sons Frederick and Sidell and the United Daughters of the Confederacy jointly paid for the building of the monument, with the brothers paying $10,000 and the UDC paying $5,000.
The statue was made by Henry Hudson Kitson, then a resident of Boston, Massachusetts who immigrated from England. The statue depicting Tilghman is made of bronze, and is on top of a pink granite pedestal and base. The total height is twelve feet. The two bases are perfect squares of seventeen feet and 25 feet. The historical marker at the site was placed there by the Augusta Tilghman High School class of 1929.
On July 17, 1997, it was one of sixty-one different monuments to the Civil War in Kentucky placed on the National Register of Historic Places, as part of the Civil War Monuments of Kentucky Multiple Property Submission. One other monument on the list, the Confederate Monument in Paducah, is nearby. Tilghman's home in Paducah is also on the National Register, and currently serves as a museum.

</doc>
<doc id="20019431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019431" title="Democratic Federation (Sardinia)">
Democratic Federation (Sardinia)

Democratic Federation ("Federazione Democratica", FD) was a regionalist social-democratic political party in Sardinia, Italy.
It was launched in 1994 basically by members of the Italian Socialist Party, the Italian Democratic Socialist Party and the Italian Republican Party, after that these parties were severely damaged by the "Tangentopoli" scandals. The leader of the new party was Antonello Cabras, a Socialist who had been President of Sardinia from 1991 to 1994. In the 1994 regional election FD won 5.2% of the vote and elected 4 regional deputies.
In 1998 the party merged with the Democratic Party of the Left (PDS) and other groups to form the Democrats of the Left (DS), of which it became a regional faction. In the 1999 regional election, because of its political autonomy within the DS, FD presented an autonomous list and won 5.8% of the vote, electing 4 regional deputies.
Since 1996 FD has been represented in the Italian Parliament by Antonello Cabras and by Giovanni Murineddu. When the DS merged into the Democratic Party (PD) in 2007, Cabras was elected regional secretary of the party, defeating Renato Soru, President of the Region.

</doc>
<doc id="20019445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019445" title="Now That's What I Call Music 28 (N.Z. series)">
Now That's What I Call Music 28 (N.Z. series)

"Now That's What I Call Music 28 or Now 28" was released on 3 November 2008. The album is the 28th edition of the (New Zealand) "Now!" series. The compilation continued the chain of number-one Now That's What I Call Music CDs, sitting at number one for nine consecutive weeks and was certified 3x Platinum. The album features four number ones from the RIANZ New Zealand singles chart (Rihanna's "Disturbia", Nesian Mystik's "Nesian 101", P-Money's "Everything" and Katy Perry’s' "I Kissed a Girl") and eighteen top ten hits.

</doc>
<doc id="20019450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019450" title="Georges Hamacek">
Georges Hamacek

Georges Marion Pierre Hamacek (1 December 1923 – 11 May 1953) was a French Army officer, who fought in World War II in the French Resistance and in the First Indochina War in the Foreign Legion.
Biography.
Georges Hamacek was born in a family of Czech immigrants. He joined the resistance network Turma-Vengeance in January 1944 before joining the Maquis Bernard in Morvan. There he quickly raises in the ranks, becoming a deputy section chief, and earning the Croix de guerre with two citations. When the war ends he enrolls at the École militaire interarmes on 3 July 1945 and graduates on 15 December the same year with the rank of Second Lieutenant. He chooses the Foreign Legion and was sent to the 1st Battalion, 3rd Foreign Infantry Regiment in Aubagne. 
He volunteered for service in the Far East and landed in Saigon in June 1946. At the end of 1947, the battalion was sent to patrol the RC 4, where Lieutenant Hamacek receives another citation. He also receives the Légion d’honneur for his repeated acts of courage and command of the 1st Company of the 1st Battalion, 3rd Foreign Infantry Regiment. In 1951, Hamacek was transferred to the 3rd Foreign Parachute Battalion and then the 2nd Foreign Parachute Battalion in 1952. He was killed in action in Laos on 11 May 1953. 
The 1989-1992 promotion of the Saint Cyr Military Academy was named Capitaine Georges Hamacek in his honour.

</doc>
<doc id="20019457" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019457" title="1939–40 Huddersfield Town F.C. season">
1939–40 Huddersfield Town F.C. season

Huddersfield Town's 1939-40 campaign saw Town play in Division 1, before the season was abandoned following the outbreak of World War II. They then played in the North-East League and won the title by 9 points from Newcastle United.

</doc>
<doc id="20019476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019476" title="2008 Rally Japan">
2008 Rally Japan

The 2008 Rally Japan was the fourteenth and penultimate round of the 2008 World Rally Championship season. The event saw Sébastien Loeb clinch his fifth consecutive world drivers title with his drive to a third place finish. The event was won by Mikko Hirvonen in a Ford Focus, who led the event from start to finish to claim his third win of the season. Second place went to Hirvonen's team mate Jari-Matti Latvala, his fifth podium of the year and his first since the Rally of Turkey back in June.
Stobart M-Sport Ford's François Duval crashed out from second place during the sixth stage. Duval was not injured in the crash, but his co-driver Patrick Pivato sustained a fractured pelvis and tibia. He was rushed to the hospital, and internal bleeding was discovered during surgery. On day two of the rally, after a second operation, his condition was described as critical but stable.
On the 19th stage, Toni Gardemeister took the Suzuki World Rally Team's first-ever stage win. Suzuki also had their most successful rally to date with Gardemeister finishing sixth and team mate Per-Gunnar Andersson recording his best ever finish of fifth position. 
The event was originally planned to run on October 24−26, but as to make full use of venues (possibly involved with Sapporo Dome(SS 9-10,19-20,25) as there was possibilies for its tenant using the Dome for preparation of postseason baseball game, even it was not happened finally), the event was approved by FIA to delay for a week.
The Sapporo Dome Super Special Stage become the second Super Special Stage held in indoor venues in WRC history.

</doc>
<doc id="20019500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019500" title="Western India Football Association">
Western India Football Association

Western India Football Association (WIFA) is the state governing body for football in Maharashtra, India. It is affiliated with the All India Football Federation, the sports national governing body.
History.
The Western India Football Association began on 12 July 1911. The objective of WIFA was to improve the standard of football in the Indian state of Maharashtra. There was already history though in Maharashtra as the Rovers Cup, which is India's second oldest football tournament was started in 1891.
Then in 2011, after seeing a sudden increase in Football in India, WIFA decided to revamp the Maharashtra Football System. The first thing they decided to do was renovate Mumbai's only national football stadium, the Cooperage Ground. After that they will work on starting the first ever state wide football league in Maharashtra known as "The Maha League". They also announced plans to revive the Rovers Cup which had its last tournament in 2001.
Maharashtra Football Pyramid.
The Maharashtra pyramid consists of the national state league, The Maha League, at the top, district leagues in second, followed by leagues within the leagues. This pyramid operates during the whole calendar year, but at different times.

</doc>
<doc id="20019519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019519" title="2008 WPS Bathurst 12 Hour">
2008 WPS Bathurst 12 Hour

The 2008 WPS Bathurst 12 Hour was an endurance race for Group 3J Performance Cars and Group 3E Series Production Cars. It was the sixth Bathurst 12 Hour to be held and the second since its 2007 revival. The race was won by Rod Salmon, Damien White and Graham Alexander driving a Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution. It was the first time a Mitsubishi had won the race.
Class structure.
The event was staged at the Mount Panorama Circuit, Bathurst, New South Wales, Australia on 10 February 2008 with cars competing in the following classes:

</doc>
<doc id="20019528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019528" title="Moir">
Moir

Moir or MOIR may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20019534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019534" title="1999–2000 KNVB Cup">
1999–2000 KNVB Cup

The 82nd edition of the KNVB Cup (at the time called "Amstel Cup") started on July 31, 1999. The final was played on May 21, 2000: Roda JC beat NEC 2–0 and received the cup for the second time. A total of 86 clubs participated.
Group stage.
The matches were played between July 31 and August 31, 1999. 79 clubs participated, 39 of which advanced to the next round.
Group 1
Group 2
Group 3
Group 4
Group 5
Group 6
Group 7
Group 8
Group 9
Group 10
Group 11
Group 12
Group 13
Group 14
Group 15
Group 16
Group 17
Group 18
Group 19
Group 20
Knock-out Stage.
First round.
The matches of the first round were played on September 22 and 23, 1999. sc Heerenveen entered the tournament this round, during the group stage they were still active in the Intertoto Cup.
Second round.
The matches of the second round were played on October 28 and 30, 1999.
Round of 16.
The matches of the round of 16 were played on January 27, 28 and 30, 2000. The Eredivisie teams that had been playing in European competitions after qualification last season, entered the tournament this round.
Quarter finals.
The quarter finals were played on February 16 and 17, 2000.
Semi-finals.
The semi-finals were played on April 11 and 12, 2000.
Final.
The final was played on May 21, 2000.
Roda JC would play in the UEFA Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20019552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019552" title="Truth and Beauty">
Truth and Beauty

Truth and Beauty may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20019557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019557" title="Briercliffe">
Briercliffe

Briercliffe (or Briercliffe-with-Extwistle) is a civil parish in the borough of Burnley, in Lancashire, England. It is situated north of Burnley.
The parish contains suburbs of Burnley (including Harle Syke and Haggate), and the rural area north-east of the town. Hamlets in the parish include Cockden, Lane Bottom and in the Extwistle area, the tiny hamlet of Roggerham.
In the 2001 census, the parish had a population of 3,187 in 1,308 households.
Extwistle Hall.
Extwistle Hall stands high on Extwistle Moor between Haggate (east of Brierfield) and the village of Worsthorne. The Hall, built of coursed sandstone on three sides of a courtyard, is now a ruin. It was built in the 16th century in the Tudor style by the Parker family who were prominent in local affairs. Robert Parker had bought the land, which had previously belonged to Kirkstall Abbey, in 1537 after the Dissolution of the Monasteries. The Parker family occupied it for some 200 years before moving to Cuerden Hall around 1718. John Parker was High Sheriff of Lancashire for 1653 and Robert Parker for 1710. The house was remodelled in the late 18th century.
The listed Grade II* building, owned by an Isle of Man based property company, has been unoccupied for more than 20 years and is listed in English Heritage's Heritage at Risk Register. In early 2012, £2million plans were revealed to save and restore the hall to its former glory, then afterwards to be sold off.
People.
Tattersall Wilkinson.
Tattersall Wilkinson was a local antiquarian most usually known as 'The Sage Of Roggerham'. Tattersall was well known in Burnley during the late 1800s. He was the first person to uncover the flint daggers and stone circles of nearby Worsthorne, and other antiquities such as burial urns. He also wrote many articles for the Burnley Express and a book of his own (with J.F Tattersall) named 'Memories Of Hurstwood'.

</doc>
<doc id="20019567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019567" title="Hossein Ghods-Nakhai">
Hossein Ghods-Nakhai

Hossein Ghods-Nakhaï (), (Tehran, 1911–1977) was an Iranian poet, politician, cabinet minister, and diplomat.
Family background.
He was the son of the Iranian clerk, Hajj Agha Hasan Nakhai. Like his father, Hossein's surname was initially Nakhai. In his youth, he was the editor of a literature magazine, called Ghods, and so became known as "Mr. Ghods" to everyone. He then added the word Ghods to his surname. He was married to the daughter of the first Iranian ambassador to US, Sadr es-Saltaneh, also known as Haji Washington (www.khadjenouri.co.uk).
Diplomatic and political career.
He held the position of the minister of foreign affairs between 1961 and 1963. Before that he was ambassador to Baghdad, London, Tokyo (Oct. 1956 to Jan. 1958) and Washington, D.C. (during John F. Kennedy administration). He can be seen behind president Kennedy in this video [http://ca.youtube.com/watch?v=K1a5TAepYXs]. Afterwards, he was appointed as the minister of the royal court, a post he held until 1968. He was replaced as the minister of court by Amir Assadollah Alam. Afterwards, he became the ambassador to the Holy See (Vatican).
He was the chairman of the committee that negotiated with the USSR on return to Iranian gold deposited with the government of the Tsar.
Literary life.
He wrote extensive volumes of poetry (including his Rubaiyat), and prose (including "Trail lost in heaven"). Some of his works have been translated into English and other languages.

</doc>
<doc id="20019576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019576" title="Daganzo de Arriba">
Daganzo de Arriba

Daganzo de Arriba is a Spanish municipality in the Comarca de Alcalá, located in the east of Autonomous Community of Madrid. It has a population of about 9,000 (including the residents of the permanent camping that is in the town), of which are mostly young families, which in recent times have come to reside in the new urbanizations that are being built.
It is 27 km away from Madrid and 11 km away from Alcalá de Henares. It has an altitude of 673 meters above sea level and has a municipal area of 4,325 hectares.
The village is surrounded by small hills. From north to south, the river Torote runs through the village, in whose margins was located the first settlement of this town, in the same place where the church of Nuestra Señora del Espino is, and stream Valseco.
There are two industrial parks which collectively employ about 1,800 workers, of which 800 are residents of the town. The rest come from other nearby municipalities.
It has an important agriculture according to the area of the municipality, which is quite extensive and of acceptable quality.
The climate that dominates the area is characterized by very high summer temperatures and low winter temperatures. Rainfall in summer is almost zero and medium in periods of autumn and winter, therefore is unevenly distributed throughout the year. The average annual temperature is 14.5 °C with temperatures ranging from 27 °C in summer to 5 °C in winter.

</doc>
<doc id="20019643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019643" title="Oliver Callan">
Oliver Callan

Oliver Callan (born 27 December 1980) is an Irish vocal and performance satirist and impressionist known for featuring on "Nob Nation", "Green Tea" and "The Saturday Night Show". He rose to fame during the 2000s when his daily "Nob Nation" slots aired on RTÉ Radio. His "Green Tea" creation on RTÉ Radio 1 has been described by "The Irish Times" as "essentially an extended version of "Nob Nation"".
"Nob Nation" and "Green Tea" parody political, social and cultural personalities, with Callan performing as the characters featured on the show. His radio broadcasts have led to the release of regular podcasts, several CDs and appearances on prime time television programmes such as "The Saturday Night Show" on RTÉ One. He has also incurred the wrath of several politicians and the Kerry GAA star Paul Galvin for his impressions. He is well known in Ireland and the UK for skewering celebrities and politicians on radio. His acerbic wit and talent for mimicry has made him a household name, according to the "Irish Independent".
Early life.
Callan is from Inniskeen in County Monaghan. 
Callan initially worked as a newsreader, he later began to perform sketches on "The Gerry Ryan Show" on RTÉ 2fm.
"Nob Nation".
"Nob Nation" was reported in the "Sunday Independent" on 20 January 2008 as being Ireland's most popular podcast of the previous year, with figures showing a total of 736,711 downloads on RTÉ.ie between April and December 2007. Comparatively, RTÉ Radio 1's most popular radio show, "Morning Ireland", was second with 730,965 podcast downloads. "Nob Nation" was also frequently in the top five of the iTunes chart.
His impersonations of Eamon Dunphy and David Norris led to a warning from the Broadcasting Commission of Ireland (BAI) in July 2008. The BAI deemed his impersonations "offensive to homosexuals" and said they "promoted binge drinking".
Following some complaints about Callan's portrayal of Taoiseach Brian Cowen "swaying and snorting in booze-filled sing-songs about his difficulties in office", the popularity of the slot "simply exploded" according to RTÉ, with over 250,000 hits each month and making up almost a third of all downloads from RTÉ.ie. Callan's portrayal of Enda Kenny as cross-dresser "Dame Enda" has drawn reactions from Fine Gael and Enda Kenny himself.
The first "Nob Nation" CD, containing twenty of Callan's sketches, was released in Ireland in November 2007. Those parodied on the compilation include politicians Bertie Ahern and Enda Kenny, former Republic of Ireland national football team manager Steve Staunton, broadcaster Gay Byrne and newsreaders Bryan Dobson and Colm Murray. The album debuted at number five on the Irish Albums Chart ahead of Amy Winehouse and Bruce Springsteen on 9 November 2007, according to IRMA, the official chart tracking body in Ireland. A second compilation, "Nob Nation 2: The Recession Album", was released on 7 November 2008. "Nob Nation 3" was released in the "Irish Daily Mail" in November 2009. The fourth compilation in the series, "Nob Nation 4: The Hangover", was released on 12 December 2010 in the "Irish News of the World".
In August 2010, a new website www.nobnation.com showcasing comedy videos and purportedly uncensored versions of "Nob Nation" podcasts appeared. A number of Sunday newspapers reported that the website features controversial depictions of Brian Cowen in a bar along with Judge Gargle, a fictional character loosely based on a high-profile Irish judge.
An 84-year-old guesthouse owner sued RTÉ over a "Nob Nation" sketch claiming it claimed he was running a brothel in County Waterford. His Senior Counsel warned the jury before the sketch was played to them that they might wince as, he said, it was the "most vulgar type of broadcast imaginable". The court awarded €70,000 damages.
Callan once rang Charlie Bird and, impersonating Enda Kenny, said there was a story about to break about Kenny buying women's underwear. Bird thought it was real.
"Green Tea"/"The Saturday Night Show".
Callan now works on RTÉ Radio 1 sketch show "Green Tea". It features President-elect Michael D. Higgins shouting “Where's my box? Where’s my box?” before he goes to bed under his Seamus Heaney duvet and unsuccessful presidential candidate David Norris as Higgins's vice-president.
In October 2011, Callan was allegedly assaulted by Kerry GAA star Paul Galvin late at night in Kehoe's Pub, Central Dublin. Among witnesses to the alleged incident were a Government Minister, a TD, a senator and several journalists. One witness alleged Galvin called Callan a "fucking cunt". Callan later described how Galvin approached him with "his eyes bulging" and looking "crazy". The incident was investigated by the Garda Síochána. The media speculated on the reason behind the alleged incident, reporting that Callan had recently mimicked Galvin asking Taoiseach Enda Kenny to man-up by giving him a body-wax on "Green Tea" and that Galvin had texted Callan before an appearance on "The Saturday Night Show" in relation to "gay jibes" the satirist had directed at him. It was eventually revealed that Galvin had complained (or not complained at all) to RTÉ after what he described as "the most excruciating night of my life" at home on his sofa between his parents in Kerry watching "The Saturday Night Show" when Callan referred to Galvin's "years spent in the closet".
Callan impersonated Galvin again on "Green Tea" the week after the alleged assault. Callan then appeared on "The Saturday Night Show" for an unprecedented second consecutive week to defend himself against accusations of homophobia by coming out on live television.
Live.
Callan performed two sell-out nights live at Dublin's Olympia Theatre in January 2012. Paul Galvin featured in that live show along with over fifty other characters. Green Tea came to an end in April 2012, with a pilot episode of a new radio series entitled "Callan's Kicks" airing on December 28th 2012. According the Irish Independent, a full series of the new show is to broadcast on RTÉ Radio One in Spring 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20019675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019675" title="422d Test and Evaluation Squadron">
422d Test and Evaluation Squadron

The 422d Test and Evaluation Squadron (422 TES) is a United States Air Force unit. It is assigned to the 53d Test and Evaluation Group, stationed at Nellis Air Force Base, Nevada. 
The squadron's World War II predecessor unit, the 422d Night Fighter Squadron was assigned to Ninth Air Force in England, as a P-61 Black Widow interceptor unit. Its mission was to defend Allied-controlled airspace over England and the liberated areas of Western Europe against night Luftwaffe attacks.
Overview.
The 422d Test and Evaluation Squadron is a Geographically Separated Unit (GSU) of the 53d Test and Evaluation Group, home stationed at Eglin AFB, Florida. It is the most diverse-equipped aircraft squadron in the United States Air Force.
The 422d TES is a composite squadron that executes HQ ACC-directed operational test and evaluation for all aircraft assigned to the command. This currently includes A/OA-10, F-15C, F-15E, F-16CM, F-22 and the F-35. Testing and evaluation includes the aircraft hardware, engines, software, and weapons upgrades prior to release of the aircraft or modification to operational Air Combat Command operational units. 
The squadron also conducts tactics development, foreign combat aircraft evaluation, and special access programs to optimize system combat capability. The Advanced Programs Branch conducted several important foreign materiel exploitation projects and provided support to the F-22 Raptor, B-2 Spirit, and F-117 Nighthawk programs.
The squadron also conducts field visits to instruct operational aircrews on new systems tactics.
Current Divisions.
The squadron is now in preparation to receive its first F-35A Lightning II. At Nellis, aircraft assigned to the 422d TES carry tail code "OT", with a green/black checkerboard tail flash.
History.
World War II.
Established in August 1943 as the 422d Night Fighter Squadron, assigned to the 481st Night Fighter Operational Training Group, Orlando Air Base, Florida for training. 
Reassigned to Ninth Air Force in the European Theater of Operations (ETO), March 1944, received additional training with Royal Air Force night fighter units at several bases in early 1944. Equipped with Radar-equipped P-61 Black Widow aircraft. Squadron operated over the United Kingdom and liberated areas of the continent after D-Day, attacking intruding Luftwaffe bombers and night fighters.
Moved to France in July 1944, also performed offensive interdictionary attacks on Axis forces in France and the Low Countries, 1944, moving eastward through a series of Advanced Landing Grounds until operating from captured Luftwaffe bases in Germany during the spring of 1945. Ended combat operations, May 1945 and became part of the Army of Occupation until August 1945. Demobilized in Europe, aircraft flown back to the United States for storage or use with postwar All Weather Air Defense Command interceptor squadrons.
Weapons testing.
The unit was reactivated in 1969 as the 422d Test and Evaluation Squadron when the 4539th Fighter Weapons Squadron became the 422d Fighter Weapons Squadron at Nellis Air Force Base, Nevada. 
Its initial primary mission was the operational test and evaluation of F-111 aircraft. Took over F-111As of 4539th Combat Crew Training Squadron, aircraft tail coded "WF". In 1977, F-111 testing ended at Nellis AFB and was relocated to McClellan Air Force Base, California, as Detachment 3, 57th FWW. McClellan was the Air Force Logistics Command prime support depot for the F-111 and changes and modifications could be made there and tested by the detachment. The 431st TES was activated at McClellan in 1980, replacing the detachment and remained active until June 1992 when the F-111D was retired.
In 1971 the F-4 joined the squadron; A-7D's were added in 1972, and were flown until 1975. A-10 and F-15 aircraft were added in 1977, as were F-16A’s in 1980. In 1982 the 422 Fighter Weapons Squadron's name changed to the 422d Test and Evaluation Squadron (TES), to better reflect its role.
In 1985, the F-4E was retired from the 422 TES. During this time, the F-16C began testing at Luke Air Force Base, Arizona, as the 57 Fighter Weapons Wing, Det 1. In October, 1987, F-16C Det 1 was closed at Luke, and its aircraft were moved to Nellis AFB. This gave the 422 TES an aircraft complement of A-10s, F-15s, F-16As, and F-16Cs.
1989 saw the rapid expansion of squadron capability with the addition of the F-15E and F-16C Low Altitude Navigation Targeting Infrared Night (LANTIRN) aircraft. With these two systems, the 422 TES greatly expanded its ability to fly night tactical missions.
1991 began with Operation DESERT STORM. Although the 422 TES did not deploy for direct participation, it was involved in several quick look evaluations of equipment and employment tactics which directly enhanced the effectiveness of the air war. The outstanding efforts of the 422 TES over the past ten years to improve weapons, avionics, and tactics provided the ultimate reward: a quick and decisive victory.
The 422 TES began 1993 with the return of a veteran aircraft to the line-up. The F-4G Wild Weasel officially became part of the testing program at Nellis AFB on 1 February 1993. The HH-60 Blackhawk helicopter came aboard on 1 July 1995 as the newest member of the 422 TES team. Later that year the F-4 was retired again, as the last test F-4G was flown to the Aerospace Maintenance Regeneration Center in Arizona.
On October 1, 1996, the 422 TES was re-aligned under the 53d Wing, Eglin AFB, Florida, as the Air Warfare Center assigned all testing to this wing. The squadron grew to its largest size since World War II when the squadron inherited all test management, advanced programs, and test support from the 57th Test Group.
The mission of the 422d Test and Evaluation Squadron continues to grow in scope and complexity as new aircraft and systems are developed for use in the combat air forces. Recent testing by the 422d Test and Evaluation Squadron has been focused on enhancing mission employment capabilities at night
Components.
Note: Aircraft tail code initially was "WF" upon formation in 1969. Recoded to "WA" in October 1971 with yellow/black checkerboard tail stripe. Recoded 1 October 1996 to "OT" tail code, with a green/black checkerboard tail flash.
Stations.
References for lineage, assignments and stations assigned:

</doc>
<doc id="20019693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019693" title="Pyronemataceae">
Pyronemataceae

The Pyronemataceae are a family of fungi in the order Pezizales. It is the largest family of the Pezizales, encompassing 75 genera and approximately 500 species. Recent phylogenetic analyses does not support the prior classifications of this family, and suggest that the family is not monophyletic as it is currently circumscribed.
Morphology.
Members of the family are diverse in ascomatal or cleistothecial form. Individual taxa may be sessile (without a stipe) to shortly stipitate, cupulate (cup-shaped), discoid (disc-shaped), pulvinate (cushion-shaped), or with turbinate (turban-shaped) epigeous apothecia. Also, taxa may be sub-hypogeous to hypogeous with closed, folded, or solid ascomata. Apothecia may range in size from less than 1 mm up to 12 cm diam, and may be brightly colored due to carotenoid pigments. Genera of the Pyronemataceae lack unifying macroscopic or microscopic characteristics; this lack of uniting characters has led various authors to propose a variety of classification schemes.
Genera.
This list of genera in the family Pyronemataceae is based on the Outline of Ascomycota (dated Dec 31st, 2007), and articles published since then:
"Acervus",
"Aleuria",
"Aleurina",
"Anthracobia",
"Aparaphysaria",
"Arpinia",
"Ascocalathium",
"Ascosparassis",
"Boubovia",
"Byssonectria",
"Boudierella",
"Chaetothiersia",
"Chalazion",
"Cheilymenia",
"Cleistothelebolus",
"Dictyocoprotus",
"Eoaleurina",
"Galeoscypha",
"Genabea",
"Genea",
"Geneosperma",
"Geopora",
"Geopyxis",
"Gilkeya",
"Hiemsia",
"Hoffmannoscypha",
"Humaria",
"Hydnocystis",
"Hypotarzetta",
"Jafnea",
"Kotlabaea",
"Lamprospora",
"Lasiobolidium",
"Lathraeodiscus",
"Lazuardia",
"Leucoscypha",
"Luciotrichus",
"Melastiza",
"Micronematobotrys",
"Miladina",
"Moravecia",
"Mycogalopsis",
"Nannfeldtiella",
"Neottiella",
"Nothojafnea",
"Octospora",
"Octosporella",
"Orbicula" (placement uncertain),
"Otidea" (synonymous with "Otideopsis" and "Flavoscypha"),
"Oviascoma",
"Parascutellinia",
"Paratrichophaea",
"Paurocotylis",
"Petchiomyces",
"Phaeangium",
"Pseudaleuria",
"Pseudombrophila",
"Psilopezia",
"Pulvinula",
"Pyronema",
"Pyropyxis",
"Ramsbottomia",
"Rhizoblepharia",
"Rhodoscypha",
"Rhodotarzetta",
"Scutellinia",
"Smardaea",
"Sowerbyella",
"Sphaerosoma",
"Sphaerosporella",
"Spooneromyces",
"Stephensia",
"Tarzetta",
"Tricharina",
"Trichophaea",
"Trichophaeopsis",
"Warcupia",
"Wenyingia",
"Wilcoxina"

</doc>
<doc id="20019695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019695" title="Bello Musa Kofarmata">
Bello Musa Kofarmata

Bello Musa Kofarmata (born 12 May 1988 in Kano) is a Nigerian footballer, who is currently playing with Kano Pillars F.C..
Career.
He sealed a deal with IK Start of Norway, following a spate of trials with the team, with Kano Pillars F.C. he won the Nigerian Premier League for 2007-08 and was with 11 goals the topscorer. In August 2008 he was on a trial at Austria's LASK and played one friendly game, the forward returned from Europe to Pillars at the start of the 2008 season.
He joined Heartland in January 2010 for a fee of five million naira. After two and half year left Heartland F.C. and signed with Nigerian Premier League rival Kano Pillars F.C..
International.
Was only a fringe player in the 2007 FIFA U20 World Cup squad. He finally made his full Nigeria debut on March 3, 2010, coming on as a sub in the 5-2 home win over Congo DR.

</doc>
<doc id="20019713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019713" title="KGCL">
KGCL

KGCL (90.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting the Spanish Christian radio network Radio Nueva Vida. Licensed to Jordan Valley, Oregon, USA, the station serves the Boise area. The station is currently owned by Educational Media Foundation.
History.
The station was assigned the call letters KARO on 2002-06-25. On 2003-03-27, the station changed its call sign to KIDH and on 2008-09-24 to the current KGCL. From 2008 to 2010 KGCL aired a Southern Gospel and Positive Country format, carrying the programing of God's Country Radio Network.

</doc>
<doc id="20019714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019714" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 90">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 90

The 90th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Franklin County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="20019718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019718" title="Maz Quinn">
Maz Quinn

Maz Quinn (born 7 August 1976) is a New Zealand surfer. A four-time winner of New Zealand's national surfing championships, and winner of the 1996 Billabong Pro-Junior Series, Quinn is regarded as one of the country's foremost surfers. 
Quinn was born in Hamilton, but his family moved to Gisborne when he was two years old. He was educated at Elgin Primary School, Gisborne Intermediate and Gisborne Boys' High School. Always an enthusiastic surfer, his passion for the sport increased when the family moved to the small community of Wainui Beach when he was a teenager. Quinn comes from a surfing family - his younger brother Jay and sister Holly have both won national titles, his mother is an advocate for women’s surfing and his father was a national official. 
During the 1990s, Quinn took part in the World Qualifying Series, a lower-ranked pro tour which enables surfers to attempt to qualify for the elite World Championship Tour. In 1999 Maz became the first New Zealander to win a WQS event and in 2001 he became the first New Zealander ever to qualify for the World Championship Tour, in doing so becoming one of the world's top 44 ranked male surfers.
In 2009, Quinn helped to stage the Quiksilver Maz Quinn King of the Groms, a national surfing event for youth.

</doc>
<doc id="20019719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019719" title="Count of Olivença">
Count of Olivença

Count of Olivença, also spelled Count of Olivenza, (in Portuguese "Conde de Olivença") was a Portuguese title of nobility created by a royal decree, on July 21, 1424, by King Afonso V of Portugal, and granted to "Dom" Rodrigo Afonso of Melo.
He was the sole count of this title. His daughter and heir, Dona Philippa of Melo, married Álvaro of Braganza. From this marriage descends the House of Cadaval.

</doc>
<doc id="20019732" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019732" title="Kuo Yao-chi">
Kuo Yao-chi

Introduction.
Kuo Yao-chi () was born in Hualien, Taiwan. She was administrative official, former Minister of Transportation and Communications in the Republic of China.
Kuo Yao-chi was fascinated in music since childhood and had won the first place of Taoyuan County Junior Piano Competition. Kuo graduated from National Cheng Kung University, the Department of Urban Planning; she went to England where she earned her master degree in Urban Development and the New Town Development from University of London. Kuo passed the National Higher Examination for Urban Planning and was one of the few excellent female executives from the grassroots in Taiwan.
Kuo started her occupation as an assistant researcher at the Urban Design and Environmental Planning Lab in Tamkang University, a planner in the Taiwan Housing and Urban Development Bureau, senior planner in the Taipei Urban Planning Committee, section chief of the Public Works Bureau, and Information Team Leader. Kuo once handled a major urban planning project, saved more than 260 million NT dollar of public funds for the Taipei City Government and had been awarded an excellent performance by the Taipei City Government. Because of her devotion to work, she was appreciated by colleagues and the major. Kuo was promoted as a secretary general of the Public Works Bureau and after that the first female director general of the Public Housing Department in the Taipei City Government. Kuo had successfully solved sea sand houses, slanted houses, and radiation houses problems. She was reforming public housing rental management system, abolishing unfair manner priority waiting roster, and the first to create leasehold housing for low-income families. In year 2000, Kuo served as a director of Public Affairs of the Presidential Office, minister without portfolio, and chair of the Public Construction Commission of the Executive Yuan in 2002. Meanwhile, she also served as the CEO of the 921 Post-earthquake Disaster Recovery Commission to accelerate the reconstruction works. For Kuo’s great achievement in recovering and revitalizing the 921 earthquake disaster areas, she was elected as the Alumni Distinguished Achievement Award of the National Cheng Kung University in 2004.
In year 2006, Kuo served as a minister of the Ministry of Transportation and Communication, Republic of China. One of her great achievement was to complete and officially open the 12.9km Hsuehshan tunnel (雪山隧道) -- Asia's longest and the world's fourth-longest. However, She resigned her commission being responsible for the policy of electronic toll collection system (ETC).
Kuo Yao-chi is a devout Buddhist, often participates in the religious and social welfare activities, such as continuing to care the Xiao-lin Village reconstruction, assist surviving families’ livelihoods, initiated "School Nest” volunteer activities, and involving herself as a volunteer teacher. She brings the community together to care for children of low-income families in Tataocheng (大稻埕) area. Currently she is also caring for elderly parents with dementia..
Controversy.
Whether The Private Participation In Infrastructure Project Of Taipei Main Station Bribed Or Not?
After Kuo leaving office, she was accused of receiving a bribe of US$20,000 by the prosecutors who monitoring chair of Nan Ren Hu Lee Ching-po (李清波) telling to his son Lee Tsung-hsien (李宗賢) to present two cans of tea to Kuo, and putting US$20,000 to help Kuo’s son studying abroad on the phone call in 2006.
The Supreme Court upheld the conviction handed down by the Taiwan High Court in March, which found Kuo guilty of accepting a bribe related to using her position as transportation minister to grant favors to the Nan Ren Hu Group, a service industry conglomerate, even though she had been found not guilty in first and second trials in 2009 and 2010 respectively.
“I have never received bribes... A reputation is not earned in one or two days. I have spent my entire career as a public servant building a good reputation. All my associates know I am not someone who can be bribed,” Kuo told a press conference in Taipei.
The former minister held a press conference insisting on her innocence. Kuo was accompanied by her lawyers Wellington Ku (顧立雄) and Li Yung-ran (李永然), as well as Taipei mayoral aspirant Dr. Ko Wen-je (柯文哲) and others. They all claimed the conviction was flawed because of insufficient evidence and inconsistent testimony from Lee Tsung-hsien (李宗賢), son of Nan Ren Hu chairman Lee Ching-po (李清波). They said they would sue Lee Tsung-hsien for perjury and request a retrial and an extraordinary appeal.
Lee Tsung-hsien testified that he had been asked by his father to deliver the cash, but he gave inconsistent information about the numbers, color and material of the tea gift boxes that contained the US$20,000 and were allegedly delivered to Kuo, at first saying that the cash was placed in two iron tea boxes.
He revoked his deposition after Kuo submitted a red tea box, which prosecutors failed to find in a raid of her house, and subsequently said that there was only one cardboard tea box.
The Ministry of Justice’s Investigation Bureau later canceled Lee Tsung-hsien’s original testimony, Koo said.
“In other words, Kuo’s conviction was upheld with inconsistent testimony and without any substantial evidence because no cash was never found — not in the tea box nor in any of Kuo’s or her family’s bank accounts,” Koo said. “I’m wondering if the judicial system applies a different set of standard for DPP politicians and government officials who served under the DPP administration.
The opposition Democratic Progressive Party’s regular weekly Central Standing Committee meeting concluded with a call for a new review of the case to give Kuo an opportunity to clear her name, and voiced its support for former Transportation Minister Kuo Yao-chi.
The DPP motion praised Kuo’s performance in office during the administration of President Chen Shui-bian from 2000 to 2008 and warned against the political exploitation of the judiciary against the opposition in the run-up to the December 6, 2014 local elections.
Kuo appeared at a separate news conference earlier where she pleaded her innocence and received the support of former Cabinet colleagues and opposition activists.
Former DPP Chairwoman Tsai Ing-wen also released a statement supporting Kuo’s case for judicial redress.
Call for Justice.
Call for Justice for Minister Kuo Yao-chi: No Bribe, but a Heavy Sentence of Eight Years.
Former Minister of Transportation and Communications Kuo Yao-chi was recently sentenced by the Supreme Court to eight years of imprisonment for the crime of “bribery.” However, the ground for the judgment is so absurd that we must raise the following serious concerns.
1.The judges concluded that Minister Kuo received a bribe of USD 20,000, on a single piece of weak evidence, which is the testimony of Lee Tsung-hsien. However, Lee’s testimony is contradictory and written record and the recording of his oral statements prove that his testimony is “fabricated.” No physical evidence of any kind shows that Minister Kuo had accepted the bribe was ever produced. If this is sufficient to prove bribery, then any person can accuse anyone else based on his own unilateral statement, and Taiwan will never be at peace.
2.The key to the reasoning of the judgment is the judge found where was a “quid pro quo relationship.” However, such a relationship requires both the giving of the bribe as well as the delivery of benefit in return. In this case, not only does the existence of the bribe rest on such weak evidence, but Lee’s company did not even submit a bid during the government procurement in question. Furthermore, other officials from the Ministry testified that Minister Kuo gave no special instructions regarding that government procurement. In the official records of the Ministry’s meeting, it is recorded that she instructed, “Open explanations should be given to all bidding companies.” With no bribe been given and no benefit been provided, how can the court found there to be quid pro quo.
3.It is impossible to understand why a company would claim to have given a bribe but it did not participate in the bidding process. This defies logic and common sense. How could the judges believe such a story?
In fact, such character assassination by the judiciary has been going on for a long time. When Minister Kuo was questioned for the first time and while the questioning was still under way, certain journalist was citing a “source” and reported that Minister Kuo had already admitted accepting the bribe. The record of the questioning shows that she adamantly denied it. Because it is highly unlikely that the journalist would make such a report without some kind of tipoff from the prosecutors, this is clearly a character assassination by the judiciary.
Considering all the records of this case, it is clearly a miscarriage of justice. Therefore, we have initiated a petition to support Minister Kuo to request for a full rehearing of this case. At the same time, we will continue working on holding the irresponsible judges and prosecutors accountable. We will let the public know the kind of prosecutors and judges would convict a clean minister based on such weak evidence. Taiwan cannot allow such injustices any longer!

</doc>
<doc id="20019738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019738" title="John W. Coffren House and Store">
John W. Coffren House and Store

The John W. Coffren House and Store are two historic buildings located at Croom in Prince George's County, Maryland. This assemblage is significant for their architecture, as well as their association with the commercial history of the area and with John W. Coffren, local merchant and landowner. The Coffren House, built in 1861, has a Greek Revival entrance and interior detail. The Coffren Store, constructed ca. 1853, is a utilitarian structure, designed for use as a one-room general store. The store closed in 1945. The significance of the house and store together is that they are an intact example of house and store complexes that served rural communities in the county during the 19th century. Their builder, John W. Coffren (1828-1874), who rose from ditch digger to wealthy merchant, served on the Vestry of St. Thomas Church in Croom and on the Prince George's County School Board, as well as owning much of the property in the Village of Croom.
The complex was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="20019744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019744" title="The Good Citizen">
The Good Citizen

The Good Citizen was a sixteen-page monthly political periodical edited by Bishop Alma White and illustrated by Reverend Branford Clarke. "The Good Citizen" was published from 1913 until 1933 by the Pillar of Fire Church at their headquarters in Zarephath, New Jersey in the United States. White used the publication to expose "political Romanism in its efforts to gain the ascendancy in the U.S."
In 1915 the publication's anti-Catholic rhetoric aroused the local population in Plainfield, New Jersey and a mob formed to threaten the Pillar of Fire Church. By 1921 the publication was a strong supporter of the Ku Klux Klan.
Content.
"The Good Citizen" espoused the political views of Alma White and consisted of essays, speeches and cartoons promoting women's equality, anti-Catholicism, antisemitism, nativism, white supremacy and the Ku Klux Klan. The tract also contained numerous topically provocative illustrations by Reverend Branford Clarke.
Ku Klux Klan and anti-Catholicism.
According to Wyn Craig Wade in his 1998 book The Fiery Cross:
White was also probably the most active and prolific fundamentalist minister in the 1920s. ... Her value to the Klan, however, came from her viciously anti-Catholic magazine, "The Good Citizen", and her easily readable theological tracts that simultaneously found scriptural support for the Invisible Empire KKK and excoriation for the Catholic Church. ... Her books abounded with conspiracy themes: "We hail the K.K.K. in the great movement that is now on foot ... Were it not that the press is throttled by Rome and her Hebrew allies, astounding revelations would be made, showing the public the necessity for the rising of the Heroes of the Fiery Cross."
White supremacy and racism against African Americans.
The following is from the text of a speech given by Alma White on December 31, 1922 at the Pillar of Fire Church at 123 Sterling Place, Brooklyn, New York and published in the February, 1923 (Vol. 11 No. 2) edition of "The Good Citizen." The speech is titled "Ku Klux Klan and Woman's Causes" and the section of the speech which is reprinted below is titled "White Supremacy."
"The Klansmen stand for the supremacy of the white race, which is perfectly legitimate and in accordance with the teachings of the Holy Writ, and anything that has been decreed by the Almighty should not work a hardship on the colored race...It is within the rights of civilization for the white race to hold the supremacy; and no injustice to the colored man to stay in the environment where he was placed by the Creator.”
... When the black man was liberated it was time for women to be enfranchised, without which the colored man with his newly-acquired rank became her political master. Such reflections make one feel that man’s delinquency has been almost unpardonable.”
...The white women bore the sting of humiliation for more than half a century in being placed in an inferior position to the black men in the use of the ballot and the rights of citizenship...
“To whom shall we look to champion the cause and to protect the rights of women? Is there not evidence that the Knights of the Klu Klux Klan are the prophets of a new and better age?”
Books from "The Good Citizen".
White published three books that were compendiums of the essays, speeches and cartoons from it entitled "The Ku Klux Klan In Prophecy" (1925), "" (1926), and "Heroes of the Fiery Cross" (1928). In 1943 White reprinted her Klan books as a three volume set under the title "Guardians of Liberty".
In 1929, Ray Bridwell White, White's son and president of Zarephath Bible Institute published "The Truth in Satire Concerning Infallible Popes" which also was a compendium of his essays that had originally been published in "The Good Citizen".
Backlash.
In 1918, 500 members of the New York City Roman Catholic parish of Our Lady of Lourdes called on the United States Postmaster General to exclude "The Good Citizen" from the US mail.
Existing copies.
Copies of "The Good Citizen" are available in six US libraries:

</doc>
<doc id="20019762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019762" title="KLOI-LP">
KLOI-LP

KLOI-LP (102.9 FM) is a low-power FM radio station broadcasting a variety format. Licensed to Lopez Island, Washington, USA, the station serves the San Juan Islands area. The station is currently owned by The Gathering of Island Voices And Expressions.

</doc>
<doc id="20019773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019773" title="History of the Malaysian Constitution">
History of the Malaysian Constitution

The foundation of the Constitution of Malaysia was laid on 10 September 1877. It began with the first meeting of the Council of State in Perak, where the British first started to assert their influence in the Malay states. Under the terms of the Pangkor Engagement of 1874 between the Sultan of Perak and the British, the Sultan was obliged to accept a British Resident. Hugh Low, the second British Resident, convinced the Sultan to set up advisory Council of State, the forerunner of the state legislative assembly. Similar Councils were constituted in the other Malay states as and when they came under British protection. 
Originally playing an advisory role, the function of the council was later extended to include both legislative and executive functions. This continued until 1948 when the Federation of Malaya was formed by two agreements, namely the State Agreement and the Federation of Malaya Agreement. 
The State Agreement was of great significance to Malaysia's constitutional development. By virtue of this agreement, the Malay Rulers with the advice and concurrence of the traditional chiefs and elders of the states promulgated their respective State Constitutions except for Johor and Terengganu where Constitutions had already been in place since 1895 and 1911 respectively. The Rulers were also required to distinguish the legislative power in their respective states from the executive power, by constituting a legislative body, called the Council of State and State Executive Council whose advice he was required to obtained. 
The Federation of Malaya Agreement that served as the core for the current federal system of central government was concluded as a compromise to the much-opposed Malayan Union. The Federation consisted of the Federated Malay States (FMS), the Unfederated Malay States and the Straits Settlements of Penang and Melaka. The FMS consisted of Perak, Selangor, Pahang and Negeri Sembilan while the non-FMS were Kedah, Perlis, Kelantan, Terengganu and Johor.
The federal government comprised the High Commissioner, an Executive Council and Legislative Council. The agreement also provided for a Conference of Rulers with its own elected chairman. Each of the states had its own Executive Council and Council of States to deal with all matters not specifically reserved to the Federation. The Federal Government was responsible for defence, the police, and the railways, labour, broadcasting, post and finance. This 1948 Constitution remained in force with some essential amendments, until 1957 when the Federation of Malaya gained its independence.
A constitutional conference was held in London from 18 January to 6 February 1956 when the British promised Independence and self-government to the Federation of Malaya. It was attended by a delegation from the Federation of Malaya, consisting of four representatives of the Malay Rulers, the Chief Minister of the Federation (Tunku Abdul Rahman) and three other ministers, and also by the British High Commissioner in Malaya and his advisers.
The conference proposed the appointment of a commission to devise a constitution for a fully self-governing and independent Federation of Malaya. This proposal was accepted by Queen Elizabeth II and the Malay Rulers. Accordingly, pursuant to such agreement, the Reid Commission, consisting of constitutional experts from fellow Commonwealth countries and headed by Lord William Reid, a distinguished Lord-of-Appeal-in-Ordinary, was appointed to make recommendations for a suitable constitution. The report of the Commission was completed on 11 February 1957. The report was then examined by a working party appointed by the British Government, the Conference of Rulers and the Government of the Federation of Malaya and the Federal Constitution was enacted on the basis of its recommendations. 
The Constitution came into force on 27 August 1957 but formal independence was only achieved on 31 August however. The constitutional machinery devised to bring the new constitution into force consisted of:
The Federal Constitution was significantly amended when Sabah, Sarawak, and Singapore joined the Federation to form Malaysia in 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="20019786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019786" title="World Tales">
World Tales

World Tales, subtitled "The Extraordinary Coincidence of Stories Told in All Times, in All Places" is a book of 65 folk tales collected by Idries Shah from around the world, mostly from literary sources. Some of the tales are very current, others are less well known.
Content.
Each story is preceded by a short introduction by the author, giving a brief history of the tale's literary mutations, or remarking on the strange similarities that versions exhibit across great geographical or historical distances. The collection has had a broad appeal and has become a widely used sourcebook of tales. Whilst Shah mentions many of the ancient and modern interpretations that have been placed on the tales, along with some of the theories of cross-cultural transmission, he himself interprets them little, writing in the introduction: 
The value that Shah put on folklore of this kind is clear, not only from the many volumes of tales that he published but also from books published by his children. The title alone of one of his daughter Saira Shah's books, "The Storyteller's Daughter", gives some indication, while his son Tahir Shah's book "In Arabian Nights", itself an exploration of the power of the folktale, recalls: 
Original illustrated edition.
The book was first published in large format by Harcourt Brace Jovanovich with each tale illustrated. Thirty seven artists contributed. This edition is no longer in print; the Octagon Press edition is text only.
Agnes Perkins, writing in the Children's Literature Association Quarterly cited this "lavish" edition of "World Tales" as an example of books that bridge the gap between illustrated books of folktales published for the juvenile market which pay little attention to sources or to authenticity of tone and language and which supply none of the working tools developed for folklore scholarship which might lead readers to further study of tales from the oral tradition, and collections by folklorists concerned primarily with local variants and the unusual persistance of motifs which ignore questions of the value of the stories from a literary standpoint.

</doc>
<doc id="20019790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019790" title="List of Archie Comics imprint publications">
List of Archie Comics imprint publications

2010s.
digital series, print copies made after story arc ends

</doc>
<doc id="20019791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019791" title="Seventh Federal Electoral District of Chihuahua">
Seventh Federal Electoral District of Chihuahua

The Seventh Federal Electoral District of Chihuahua "(VII Distrito Electoral Federal de Chihuahua)" is one of the 300 Electoral Districts into which Mexico is divided for the purpose of elections to the federal Chamber of Deputies and one of nine such districts in the state of Chihuahua.
It elects one deputy to the lower house of Congress for each three-year legislative period, by means of the first past the post system.
District territory.
Under the 2005 districting scheme, the district covers the municipalities of Bachíniva, Buenaventura, Casas Grandes, Cuauhtémoc, Galeana, Gómez Farías, Guerrero, Ignacio Zaragoza, Madera, Matachí, Moris, Namiquipa, Nuevo Casas Grandes, Ocampo, Riva Palacio and Temósachi.
The district's head town "(cabecera distrital)", where results from individual polling stations are gathered together and collated, is the city of Cuauhtémoc, Chihuahua.
Previous districting schemes.
1996–2005 district.
Between 1996 and 2005, Chihuahua's Seventh District was located in the centre-west portion of the state and comprised mostly municipalities of the Sierra Tarahumara region: Bachíniva, Batopilas, Bocoyna, Carichí, Chínipas, Cuauhtémoc, Cusihuiriachi, Dr. Belisario Domínguez, Gran Morelos, Guazapares, Guerrero, Maguarichi, Moris, Nonoava, Ocampo, Riva Palacio, San Francisco de Borja, Santa Isabel, Satevó, Uruachi and Urique.
1979–1996 district.
Between 1979 and 1996, the Seventh District comprised the southern portion of the state capital, Chihuahua, Chih.

</doc>
<doc id="20019805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019805" title="KSQM">
KSQM

KSQM (91.5 FM) is a non-commercial, educational radio station broadcasting music largely from the 1940s through the 1960s and local news and weather reports. Licensed to Sequim, Washington, USA, the station serves the Northwest Washington area. The station is currently owned by Sequim Community Broadcasting. KSQM's signal can be heard as far east as Anacortes, Washington and west to Port Angeles.

</doc>
<doc id="20019811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019811" title="The Weight of Flight">
The Weight of Flight

The Weight of Flight is the second official release from Phosphorescent. The EP was released via Athens, Georgia-based label Warm Records. It was released on June 8, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20019817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019817" title="Tales of the Werewolf Clan">
Tales of the Werewolf Clan

Tales of the Werewolf Clan is a two-volume collection of horror short stories by H. Warner Munn. The first volume was first published in 1979 by Donald M. Grant, Publisher, Inc. in an edition of 1,000 copies and the second was published in 1980 in an edition of 1,018 copies. Many of the stories first appeared in the magazine "Weird Tales" or in the "Lost Fantasies" anthology series edited by Robert Weinberg. The first volume is subtitled "In the Tomb of the Bishop" and the second is subtitled "The Master Goes Home".

</doc>
<doc id="20019818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019818" title="KPTZ">
KPTZ

KPTZ (91.9 FM) is a non-commercial, educational radio station. KPTZ is on the air 24 hours a day with locally produced programming filled by music automation. KPTZ will broadcast a mix of locally originated programing featuring area people, art, activities and news. Licensed to Port Townsend, Washington, USA, the station serves the Northwest Washington area. The station is currently owned by Radio Port Townsend.

</doc>
<doc id="20019837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019837" title="Browns Falls">
Browns Falls

Browns Falls are located east of Killarney in Queensland, Australia, close to the border with New South Wales. The other four waterfalls surrounding Killarney are the Teviot Falls in the north at Teviot Gap, Queen Mary Falls, Daggs Falls and Upper Browns Falls.

</doc>
<doc id="20019840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019840" title="Destructhor">
Destructhor

Thor Anders Myhren (born 8 March 1978), better known as Destructhor, is a Norwegian musician who has played guitar with metal bands Morbid Angel, Myrkskog and Zyklon. Along with being a guitarist, he has been the vocalist with Myrkskog. He joined Morbid Angel in 2008. 

</doc>
<doc id="20019845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019845" title="LNWR Whale Precursor Class">
LNWR Whale Precursor Class

The London and North Western Railway (LNWR) Precursor Class, the second to be known by that name, was a class of 4-4-0 steam locomotives.
They were introduced by George Whale in 1904 and 130 examples were built by Crewe Works up to 1907. Their introduction allowed Whale to phase out his predecessor Francis Webb's unreliable compound locomotives. They were essentially a larger version of Webb's LNWR Improved Precedent Class. As built, they were saturated, though some were later superheated.
Whale's Experiment Class 4-6-0 were essentially an extended version built from 1905. An Atlantic tank engine version, Precursor Tank Class was also built from 1906. The Precursors were developed by Charles Bowen-Cooke into the superheated George the Fifth Class 4-4-0 (1910). The main visual difference was that the Precursors had separate splashers over each of the driving wheels while the Georges had combined splashers that covered both pairs.
The LNWR reused numbers and names from withdrawn locomotives, with the result that the numbering system was completely haphazard. Starting with the first of the class 513 "Precursor" in 1913, were given superheaters, the process continuing until just after grouping in 1923. Most of the superheated engines were also converted from having slide valves to piston valves.
This resulted in two main subclasses; saturated locomotives with cylinders, and superheated locomotives with cylinders. The LMS gave them the power classification 3P. The saturated engines were given the LMS numbers in the 5187–5266 series, though not all survived long enough to receive them. The superheated engines were given the LMS numbers 5270–5319 (5267–5269 were not used).
The LMS continued to superheat engines until 1926, these rebuilds retained their LMS number. Also, three superheated engines became saturated via boiler swaps.
Withdrawals of the saturated engines started in 1927 and the last engine in as built condition was withdrawn in 1935. The four superheated engines which retained slide valves were withdrawn 1931–1936. Withdrawals of the superheated engines with piston valves began in 1935. Those not withdrawn had 20000 added to their numbers 1934–1937 to make room for Black Fives.
At the end of 1939 only seven survived. Only a single example was inherited by British Railways in 1948, 25297 "Sirocco", which was withdrawn in 1949. Despite being allocated the number 58010, that was never applied.
None was preserved.

</doc>
<doc id="20019863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019863" title="Promotionen">
Promotionen

Promotionen ("Graduations"), Op. 221, is the name of a waltz composed by Johann Strauss II. It was dedicated to the law students at the Vienna University, and was first performed under the title of "Die Präparanden", a term referring to students who are preparing for their final examinations. The waltz was not very successful when first performed in the Sofienbad-Saal on February 8 1859: the "Fremden-Blatt", although praising the execution of the waltz, said that it "lacked the rhythm and melody of older Strauss compositions." However, a reviewer for the "Wiener Allgemeine Theaterzeitung" was less critical of the composition, commenting that "in particular the first, third and fifth sections are rich in fresh and attractive melodies [...] through this composition Strauss has lately demonstrated that he still has at his disposal a profusion of piquant and original melodies."
The "Promotionen" waltz soon fell out of the Strauss Orchestra's repertoire, but the composer later resurrected one of its melodies (Waltz 5A) for his composition "Farewell to America", which was written a decade later. 

</doc>
<doc id="20019865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019865" title="Shannon">
Shannon

Shannon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20019875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019875" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 91">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 91

The 91st Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is made up of parts of Adams County and Franklin County. The district includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="20019876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019876" title="Hits! – The Very Best of T. Rex">
Hits! – The Very Best of T. Rex

Hits! - The Very Best of T.Rex is a compilation album by T.Rex, originally released in 1998 on CD by Crimson, an imprint of the Demon Music Group. It was reissued and subtitled "Hits!" in 2002 with a different sleeve design.
The album contains a mixture of singles, album tracks and a b-side from 1971-1976 arranged in chronological order. The eight page booklet contains a March 2002 essay by Danielz, frontman of the T.Rex tribute band T.Rextasy.
Track listing.
All songs written by Marc Bolan

</doc>
<doc id="20019883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019883" title="John Daly (producer)">
John Daly (producer)

John Daly (16 July 1937 – 31 October 2008) was a British film producer.
Personal life.
John Daly was born in South East London, a part of London which was badly bombed and damaged in World War II. He attended St Joseph's Roman Catholic school in Camberwell. Daly was father to Jenny, Michael, Julian, Timothy, and Jonathan.
Career.
Music.
With David Hemmings, Daly formed Hemdale Film Corporation in 1967. Hemdale had many diverse entertainment business interests, and grew rapidly in the 1970s by managing bands such as Yes, Black Sabbath and many other well-known UK artists. The company also acquired the worldwide stage rights for Lionel Bart's musical "Oliver!", along with producing "Grease" starring Richard Gere.
Film.
Hemdale began producing, financing and distributing its own full-length feature films, becoming a leading independent film company in Britain with films such as "Melody", "Tommy", "The Triple Echo" and "Images" by Robert Altman.
Hemdale gave career starts to actors such as Keanu Reeves, Denzel Washington, and Julia Roberts. It also gave chances to many young, first-time directors including James Cameron ("The Terminator"); Oliver Stone ("Salvador", "Platoon"); Mick Jackson ("The Bodyguard"); Martin Campbell ("James Bond" and "The Legend of Zorro"); Michael Apted ("Coal Miner's Daughter"); Robert Altman ("Images"); John Schlesinger ("The Falcon and the Snowman"), along with many other notable directors such as Ken Loach ("Hidden Agenda"); Harold Becker ("The Boost"); Gillian Armstrong ("High Tide"); Tim Hunter ("River's Edge") and James Foley ("At Close Range"). Under Daly, Hemdale made over 100 films, grossing over $1.5 billion.
In 2004, Daly produced, co-wrote and directed "The Aryan Couple", starring Oscar winner Martin Landau, which received numerous awards at international film festivals. Daly also directed "The Box Collector" for Corsan Productions.
Sport.
In 1974, Don King was trying to promote "The Rumble in the Jungle" heavyweight boxing match between Muhammad Ali and George Foreman. He turned to Daly, who together with Video Techniques Inc. (of which King was a director), were the official co-promoters.
In 1994, Daly conceived the High Noon in Hong Kong boxing event, investing at least $800,000 of his own money, but it was cancelled at the last minute after Barry Hearn withdrew his boxers when no purses was forthcoming. "My end of the deal was kept," Daly argued. "I had to arrange the stadium, air fares and all the pre-fight promotional expenses, which I did, but the purses were not part of my obligation."
Business interests.
Daly's company Hemdale acquired an ownership interest in a TV company, its own film studios, and an off-track betting company chain of shops.
From 2003, Daly acted as Chairman, CEO and President of Film and Music Entertainment, Inc. and its subsidiaries. In May 2008, he took a leave of absence from his executive duties. He remained chairman until his death.
Awards.
On behalf of his companies, Daly achieved 21 Oscar nominations and 13 wins, including back-to-back Best Picture wins for "Platoon" and "The Last Emperor" (as executive producer, shared with the film's producer Jeremy Thomas), an unequaled achievement in independent filmmaking.
Throughout his forty year career, Daly won numerous awards at the Golden Globes, the Cannes Film Festival, the Berlin Film Festival, the Independent Spirit Awards and the Houston Film Festival, along with many other prizes.

</doc>
<doc id="20019911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019911" title="Hino River (disambiguation)">
Hino River (disambiguation)


</doc>
<doc id="20019917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019917" title="Isognomon">
Isognomon

Isognomon is a genus of marine bivalve mollusks which are related to the pearl oysters. This genus was formerly placed in the family Isognomonidae, however molecular phylogeny studies have shown that these tree oysters belong in the family Pteriidae.
Some of the species in the genus are known as tree oysters because they are edible, and grow on mangrove roots.[http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:VU6vzxPrLtYJ:www.papuaweb.org/dlib/tema/kamoro/muller-sda/12.rtf+%22tree+oyster%22+mangrove&hl=en&ct=clnk&cd=11]

</doc>
<doc id="20019926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019926" title="Larissa (name)">
Larissa (name)

Larissa () is a female given name of Greek origin, derived either from Larissa, a nymph in Greek mythology who was a daughter of Pelasgus, or from the name of the ancient city of Larissa in Greece which meant "citadel". The name was later borne by the Christian martyr of the fourth century Saint Larissa. 
The name is spelled Λάρισα in modern Greek and Лариса in Cyrillic, and based on either may also be Latinised as "Larisa". 
A Russian short form is Lara, made famous through Boris Pasternak's novel "Doctor Zhivago" (1957).

</doc>
<doc id="20019933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019933" title="The World as Best as I Remember It">
The World as Best as I Remember It

The World as Best as I Remember It is a two-volume album series by songwriter Rich Mullins. The first volume was released in 1991 on Reunion Records and the second was released the following year. The first volume received 7th place in the book "" (2001). 
The song in the first volume, "Step by Step," written by Beaker, became a popular contemporary worship song among Christians. Mullins added new verses to the song for the second volume.

</doc>
<doc id="20019937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019937" title="KBNW">
KBNW

KBNW (1340 AM) signed on the air August 29, 2008 broadcasting a News Talk Information format. Licensed to Bend, Oregon, USA. The station is owned by Summit Broadcasting Group, LLC (operated under a local marketing agreement by Horizon Broadcasting Group, LLC) and features programing from ABC Radio, Premiere Radio Networks, Talk Radio Networks and Westwood One. Known as "News Radio Central Oregon," KBNW simulcasts its programming with KWLZ-FM (96.5 MHz).
Translators.
KBNW also broadcasts on the following translator:

</doc>
<doc id="20019939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019939" title="A Hundred Times or More">
A Hundred Times or More

"A Hundred Times or More" is Phosphorescent's debut album. The LP was released via Athens, Georgia-based label Warm Records. It was released on August 19, 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="20019946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019946" title="Lloyd Tilghman House">
Lloyd Tilghman House

The Lloyd Tilghman House is an historic home located in downtown Paducah, Kentucky. It is also known as the Tilghman-Woolfolk House and the Lloyd Tilghman House and Civil War Museum.
Early years.
The Greek Revival house was built in 1852 by Robert Woolfolk on the behalf of Lloyd Tilghman, who had just moved with his family to Paducah that year. Tilghman was a West Point graduate, having finished 46th out of 49 in his class, but spent less than a year as a Second Lieutenant. He moved to Paducah, then a community of 3,000 people, due to being assigned there by his employer, the New Orleans and Ohio Railroad, as a railroad civil engineer for the first railroad to connect Paducah to major cities to the south. Tilghman did not purchase the house; Woolfolk remained the owner of the property. Tilghman and his wife, seven children, and five slaves called the residence home until 1861, although Tilghman spent much of his time working on a railroad in the Isthmus of Panama. At the time of his departure from the home, he was one of two colonels of the Kentucky State Guard whose stated purpose was to defend the state's neutrality. He officially left Paducah in June 1861, delaying his departure to prevent more pro-Union officers from leading the state militia in Paducah.
Woolfolk's family then moved into the home. When Federal troops finally arrived in Paducah, their headquarters were directly across from the Woolfolk home. Woolfolk was pro-Southern and flew a Confederate flag in response, sparking a riot in December 1861 that included Union soldiers, particularly those of the 11th Indiana Regiment. The incident would begin Brigadier General Charles Ferguson Smith's decline as he saw his subordinate, Ulysses S. Grant, raised above him almost immediately.
Woolfolk was banished from Paducah and the United States to Canada on August 1, 1864 by Union Brigadier General Eleazer A. Paine. Two weeks later his wife and family were also banished to Canada, which resulted in eight of Woolfolk's household, four others from Paducah, and eleven from Columbus, Kentucky following Woolfolk into exile. These acts infuriated the Kentucky governor, and Paine was removed from command in Paducah after only 90 days.
Post-war.
After the war the house was a residence until 1906, where it would see various commercial uses. It was slated for demolition in August 1986, but after work by Growth, Inc. the building was saved. In 1987 the roof was stabilized, and in 1992 it came under the care of the Tilghman Heritage Foundation. A total of $150,000 was spent to save the building from 1986 to 1998.
It is now used as a Civil War Museum focusing on the western theater of the war. Upon its grand reopening on March 25, 2006, the museum focused on Western Kentucky's role in the war. On December 1, 2008 the Sons of Confederate Veterans purchased the home from the foundation, with each group paying half of the remaining $150,000 mortgage. The museum is to keep its previous operation hours of noon to 4pm, Wednesday through Saturday, from March to November.

</doc>
<doc id="20019955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019955" title="Expeditie Robinson 2008">
Expeditie Robinson 2008

Expeditie Robinson 2008 is the tenth season of the RTL5 and 2BE reality television series 
"Expeditie Robinson". 
The show premiered on August 31, 2008.
On October 11, 2008 host Ernst-Paul Hasselbach died in an accident with his car in Lom, Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="20019972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019972" title="Liu Wen-hsiung">
Liu Wen-hsiung

Liu Wen-hsiung (劉文雄) a legislator from the People First Party, a political party of the Republic of China.
Liu accused Kuo Yao-chi, then the Minister of Transportation and Communications of appointing Wu Cheng-chih, a friend who was recommended by her husband, to the secretary-general position of the China Aviation Development Foundation as a form of nepotism; Liu said that Weng did not have the proper aviation background. Liu said that she did not practice nepotism and that she would seek to have action taken against Liu.
He is one of Taiwanese Muslim politicians.

</doc>
<doc id="20019973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019973" title="The Cottage (Upper Marlboro, Maryland)">
The Cottage (Upper Marlboro, Maryland)

The Cottage is a 19th-century plantation complex located near Upper Marlboro in Prince George's County, Maryland. The complex consists of the principal three-part plantation house with its grouping of domestic outbuildings and four tenant farms, scattered over . The plantation house has a -story main block constructed in the 1840s with a typical Greek Revival style interior trim and distinctive Italianate cornice brackets. Within to the northwest of the house is a complex of domestic outbuildings, including a well house, ice house, and meat house. It was the home of Charles Clagett (1819–1894), a prominent member of Upper Marlboro social and political society during the second half of the 19th century. He served as a county commissioner following the Civil War.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="20019982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019982" title="KBBR">
KBBR

KBBR (1340 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a progressive talk format. Licensed to North Bend, Oregon, USA. The station is currently owned by Bicoastal Media, the broadcast license is held by Bicoastal Media Licenses III, LLC, and features programming from ABC Radio, Jones Radio Network and Westwood One.

</doc>
<doc id="20019983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019983" title="Theodor von Jürgensen">
Theodor von Jürgensen

Theodor von Jürgensen (11 April 1840 – 8 May 1907) was a German internist who was a native of Flensburg, Schleswig-Holstein.
He studied medicine at the Universities of Kiel, Breslau and Tübingen, earning his doctorate in 1863. Afterwards he was a lecturer in Kiel, where in 1869 he became an associate professor and head of its medical clinic.
In 1873 he became a full professor of general therapy and director of the local policlinic at Tübingen, a position he maintained until his death in 1907.
Jürgensen specialized in research of cardiovascular disease, and is remembered for his work involving treatment of pneumonia and measles. 

</doc>
<doc id="20019989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20019989" title="Kristina Ruisánchez">
Kristina Ruisánchez

Kristina Ruisánchez Torreszayas is a beauty pageant titleholder from Puerto Rico. Kristina placed 2nd Runner-up at the Miss Puerto Rico Universe 2008 pageant where she competed as Miss Trujillo Alto. She placed 1st Runner-up at the Miss Continente Americano 2008 pageant.

</doc>
<doc id="20020001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020001" title="KUMA">
KUMA

KUMA may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20020014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020014" title="Eighth Federal Electoral District of Chihuahua">
Eighth Federal Electoral District of Chihuahua

The Eighth Federal Electoral District of Chihuahua "(VIII Distrito Electoral Federal de Chihuahua)" is one of the 300 Electoral Districts into which Mexico is divided for the purpose of elections to the federal Chamber of Deputies and one of nine such districts in the state of Chihuahua.
It elects one deputy to the lower house of Congress for each three-year legislative period, by means of the first past the post system.
District territory.
Under the 2005 districting scheme, Chihuahua's Eighth District comprises the eastern and northern portions of Chihuahua Municipality, including approximately one-half of the urban area of the city of Chihuahua. The other half of the city, and the rest of the municipality, is covered by the Sixth District.
The district's head town "(cabecera distrital)", where results from individual polling stations are gathered together and collated, is the city of Chihuahua.
Previous districting schemes.
1996–2005 district.
Between 1996 and 2005, the Eighth District covered the southern portion of Chihuahua Municipality, the part south of the Río Chuvíscar.
1979–1996 district.
Between 1979 and 1996, the Eighth District covered the urban area of Ciudad Juárez.

</doc>
<doc id="20020023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020023" title="Lamon V. Harkness">
Lamon V. Harkness

Lamon Vanderburgh Harkness (1839 - January 17, 1915) was an American businessman and a partner in Standard Oil who was one of the company's largest stockholders. Lamon V. Harkness became involved with Standard Oil through his father Stephen V. Harkness who was a primary silent investor in the formation of Standard Oil and Henry Flagler.
Born in Bellevue, Ohio, he was the son of Stephen V. Harkness and his first wife, Laura Osborne. As a young man he entered the cattle business in Kansas City, Missouri before returning to Greenwich, Connecticut following the death of his father in 1888.
Harkness was well known as a yachtsman who owned the SS Wakiva which became part of the United States Navy during 1917 and 1918 and had war service during World War I.
Walnut Hall Farm.
Following on a trip to Kentucky in 1892, Lamon Harkness acquired a farm in Donerail, Kentucky that he named Walnut Hall Farm. There, he developed a Standardbred horse breeding operation of major importance to the harness racing industry. In recognition of his contribution to the industry, in 1958 Lamon Harkness was inducted posthumously in the Harness Racing Museum and Hall of Fame. Although sub-divided several times, a part of which is now home to the Kentucky Horse Park, Walnut Farm remains in the hands of descendants.
Harkness had daughters, Lela and Myrtle, and a son, Harry. Daughter Myrtle married California businessman A. Kingsley Macomber, a major Thoroughbred racehorse owner and breeder.
In addition to a home at Walnut Hall Farm, Lamon Harkness owned several homes including a mansion at 933 Fifth Avenue in New York City. He died at another home in Pasadena, California in 1915, leaving on estate of approximately $100 million. Predeceased by his wife, they are buried together in Woodlawn Cemetery in The Bronx, New York.

</doc>
<doc id="20020033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020033" title="Alternate Presidents">
Alternate Presidents

Alternate Presidents is a 1992 Tor alternate history anthology, edited by Mike Resnick. Each story is by a different author, and presents a scenario where an individual becomes President of the United States in a way that did not occur in real life.

</doc>
<doc id="20020036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020036" title="Leonardo Madelón">
Leonardo Madelón

Leonardo Carol Madelón (born 25 January 1963) is an Argentine former footballer and current manager.
Career.
Madelón played club football for San Lorenzo, Unión de Santa Fe and Rosario Central between 1982 and 1993.
Coaching career.
In 1997 he started his managerial career with Colegiales in the lower leagues of Argentine football. He then had a spell with El Porvenir before returning to his former club Unión de Santa Fe in 2001.
He then had an unsuccessful spell in charge of Nueva Chicago in 2004. He returned to management in 2006, and lead Olimpo to both Apertura and Clausura championships in the Primera B Nacional (second division) 2006–07 season, gaining automatic promotion to the Primera División.
In 2007 he returned to his former club Rosario Central, and in 2008 he took over as manager of Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata. On 2 December 2009, the coach has quit Gimnasia and was replaced by Pablo Fernández. In 2010, Madelón coached Rosario Central again, but could not help the team avoid relegation.
For the 2010 Apertura, Madelón replaced Hugo Tocalli as Quilmes manager.

</doc>
<doc id="20020038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020038" title="List of 1995 ballet premieres">
List of 1995 ballet premieres


</doc>
<doc id="20020064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020064" title="Guan Bo">
Guan Bo

Guan Bo (關播) (719 – February 4, 797), courtesy name Wuyuan (務元), was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, serving as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Dezong.
Background.
Guan Bo was born in 719, during the reign of Emperor Xuanzong. His family was from Wei Prefecture (衛州, in modern Puyang, Henan) and claimed ancestry from the late Han Dynasty general Guan Yu. Late in Emperor Xuanzong's "Tianbao" era (742-756), Guan Bo passed the imperial examinations. During the subsequent reign of Emperor Xuanzong's son Emperor Suzong, when the general Deng Jingshan (鄧景山) served as the military governor ("Jiedushi") of Huainan Circuit (淮南, headquartered in modern Yangzhou, Jiangsu), Deng invited Guan to serve as a secretary under him. Guan subsequently returned to the capital Chang'an to serve in the imperial guard corps, and then as "You Bujue" (右補闕), a low-level official at the legislative bureau of government (中書省, "Zhongshu Sheng"). He was said to be well-versed in philosophy and metaphysics, particularly Buddhist philosophy.
During Emperor Daizong's reign.
During the "Dali" era (767-779) of Emperor Suzong's son Emperor Daizong, Guan Bo had a close association with the imperial guard commander Wang Jiahe (王駕鶴) and Wang's wife, who was also named Guan. The chancellor Yuan Zai was displeased about this association, and he sent Guan Bo away from the capital, to serve as an officer at Henan Municipality (河南, i.e., the region of the eastern capital Luoyang). While at Henan, Guan acted as magistrate of several counties and was said to be capable in his governance. When Chen Shaoyou (陳少遊) later served as the governor of Zhedong Circuit (浙東, headquartered in modern Shaoxing, Zhejiang) and then Huainan Circuit, he invited Guan to serve as his secretary. He later acted as the prefect of Chu Prefecture (滁州, in modern Chuzhou, Anhui). When Li Lingyao (李靈曜) rebelled against imperial authority in 776 and seized nearby Biansong Circuit (汴宋, headquartered in modern Kaifeng, Henan), Chen was one of the generals commissioned against Li Lingyao, but as he commanded the troops against Biansong, the bandits in his own circuit were rampaging. Guan mobilized the prefectural militia to defend against the bandits, and also was said to be a simple but effective governor. After Yang Guan and Chang Gun became chancellors in 777 to replace Yuan, they recommended Guan to be "Duguan Yuanwailang" (都官員外郎), a low-level official at the ministry of justice (刑部, "Xingbu").
During Emperor Dezong's reign.
Emperor Daizong died in 779 and was succeeded by his son Emperor Dezong. Early in Emperor Dezong's reign, there was a group of bandits who occupied caves in Hunan Circuit (湖南, headquartered in modern Changsha, Hunan), led by Wang Guoliang (王國良). Emperor Dezong sent Guan to try to persuade Wang to submit. Before Guan's departure, Emperor Dezong and he had a conversation in which Guan impressed Emperor Dezong with words about finding capable officials. Upon Guan's return from the mission, Emperor Dezong made him "Bingbu Yuanwailang" (兵部員外郎), a low-level official at the ministry of defense (兵部, "Bingbu"). He was then made the deputy mayor of Hezhong Municipality (河中, in modern Yuncheng, Shanxi).
In 781, Guan was recalled to Chang'an to serve as imperial attendant (給事中, "Geishizhong"). While serving at that post, he suggested that learned officials be put in charge of the various treasuries, which had previously been overseen by unlearned technicians; it was said that this change was followed later to the benefit of the state. He then served as deputy minister of justice (刑部侍郎, "Xingbu Shilang"). As Emperor Dezong's trusted chancellor Lu Qi viewed Guan as mild in temperament and easy to control, he repeatedly recommended Guan, who successively served as the minister of civil service affairs (吏部侍郎, "Libu Shilang") and minister of justice (刑部尚書, "Xingbu Shangshu").
In 782, with Lu then serving as the only chancellor but knowing that Emperor Dezong, by custom, would want to commission at least one more chancellor, he recommended Guan to be chancellor. Emperor Dezong thereafter made Guan "Zhongshu Shilang" (中書侍郎), the deputy head of the legislative bureau, and gave him the designation "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi" (同中書門下平章事), making him a chancellor "de facto". He also gave Guan the honorific title "Yinqing Guanglu Daifu" (銀青光祿大夫), made him an imperial scholar, and put him in charge of editing the imperial history. It was said, however, that Lu dominated the government, and Guan did not participate in the decision-making. On one occasion, when Emperor Dezong was meeting with the chancellors, Guan heard a proposal that he considered inappropriate, and was ready to rise and speak against it, Lu gave him a look that caused him to hesitate. After the meeting was over, Lu told him, "I recommended you, sir, because you are solemn and quiet. How would you dare to open your mouth and speak?" Thereafter, Guan rarely spoke.
It was also said, however, that Guan lacked judgment in the characters of others, and he endeared himself to a number of junior officials who bragged about their own abilities, including Li Yuanping (李元平), Tao Gongda (陶工達), Zhang Sun (張愻), and Liu Chengjie (劉承誡). With Li Xilie the military governor of Huaixi Circuit (淮西, headquartered in modern Zhumadian, Henan) then posturing against the imperial government, Guan repeatedly recommended Li Yuanping, who had particularly bragged about his military strategies and impressed Guan. Emperor Dezong thus made Li Yuanping the acting prefect of Ru Prefecture (汝州, in modern Pingdingshan, Henan), as Ru Prefecture was close to Huaixi Circuit. When Li Yuanping arrived there, he immediately began reinforcing the defenses — but not realizing that of the laborers that he hired, many were agents that Li Xilie had sent. When Li Xilie attacked, those laborers turned against Li Yuanping, causing Ru Prefecture to fall to Li Xilie. Li Xilie's soldiers seized Li Yuanping and took him to Li Xilie. Li Yuanping, when meeting Li Xilie in fear, could not control his own body, and he defecated and urinated involuntarily. Li Xilie responded, "How does that blind chancellor think lightly of me, that he sent you to try to defend against me!" When Guan heard that Li Yuanping was captured, he still believed that Li Yuanping would find some way to overthrow Li Xilie, even though none of his subordinates believed it. As a result of what happened to Li Yuanping, none of Guan's other associates were given important offices by Emperor Dezong.
In fall 783, soldiers from Jingyuan Circuit (涇原, headquartered in modern Pingliang, Gansu), at Chang'an to await deployment to the east, mutinied after not receiving awards that they believed they deserved. Emperor Dezong fled to Fengtian (奉天, in modern Xianyang, Shaanxi), initially taking only his family members and a small group of eunuchs and imperial guards with him. Lu and fellow chancellor Guan Bo, in the confusion, had to jump over the walls of the office of chancellors, located at the legislative bureau (中書省, "Zhongshu Sheng"), to catch up with Emperor Dezong. The Jingyuan soldiers supported the general Zhu Ci as their leader, and Zhu soon declared a new state of Qin as its emperor. He put Fengtian under siege. A Tang aid force, commanded by the generals Du Xiquan (杜希全), Dai Xiuyan (戴休顏), Shi Changchun (時常春), and Li Jianhui (李建徽), was approaching Fengtian and requesting imperial instructions on which way to advance into the city. Guan and the general Hun Zhen suggested having the aid force march over Qianling — the hill containing the tomb of Emperor Dezong's ancestor Emperor Gaozong — so that they would have better tactical position. Lu, arguing that doing so was disrespectful, suggested having the aid force march through a valley, despite Hun's protestations that doing so would expose the aid force to catapult attacks by Qin forces. Emperor Dezong agreed with Lu, and subsequently, the aid force was ambushed and, after suffering heavy losses, was forced to withdraw without ever reaching Fengtian. After the major general Li Huaiguang arrived and saved Fengtian from falling, Li Huaiguang demanded the removals of Lu, Bai Zhizhen (白志貞), and Zhao Zan (趙贊) — demands that were supported by other officials — and Emperor Dezong was forced to agree. Subsequently, the popular sentiment also opined that Guan, as fellow chancellor to Lu during this disaster, should not be allowed to remain as chancellor, and Emperor Dezong made Guan the minister of justice (刑部尚書, "Xingbu Shangshu") instead, no longer chancellor. Still, officials such as Wei Lun (韋倫) were distressed that Guan remained an important minister, and they wailed, "The chancellor was unable to plan and assist the emperor properly, leading to this situation, but he is allowed to still be minister. This is distressing."
After Zhu's rebellion was suppressed, in 788, Huige's Heguduolu Khan Yaoluoge Dunmohe, who had entered an alliance with Tang, requested permission to marry a Tang princess. Emperor Dezong agreed and sent Guan to escort Emperor Dezong's daughter Princess Xian'an to Huige (which was subsequently renamed Huigu) to marry the khan and to bestow the title of Changshoutianqin Khan (or Tianqin 天親 Khan, "related to heaven" in short) on Yaoluoge Dunmohe. Guan was said to be quiet and not lavish on the way, impressing the people of Huigu. After he returned, Emperor Dezong wanted to make him the minister of defense (兵部尚書, "Bingbu Shangshu"), but he declined on account of illness and offered to resign. Emperor Dezong made him an advisor to the crown prince Li Song, and allowed him to retire. After his retirement, Guan retained few servants and reduced his numbers of horses and wagons, and he spent his retirement in quietness. For this, he was respected by the officials. He died in 797 and was publicly mourned.

</doc>
<doc id="20020070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020070" title="James Hamilton House">
James Hamilton House

The James Hamilton House is a historic home located in Bowie, Prince George's County, Maryland, United States. The home was built in the mid-1870s, and is a -story gable-roofed frame Late Victorian house with Italianate detail. Outbuildings include a board-and-batten meat house contemporary with the house, a garage constructed in the 1950s, and a large concrete block dairy barn to the east of the house, constructed in the 1960s.
The James Hamilton House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.

</doc>
<doc id="20020077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020077" title="William Dolman">
William Dolman

William "Bill" Dolman (Reverend Doctor) was H.M.Coroner for the Northern District of London from 1993 to 2007. During his career he held over 8000 inquests, including a "suicide by cop", the first such case in English legal history. He is the only Coroner to have been a regular BBC broadcaster, providing medical advice for 25 years to the 6 million regular listeners of the Jimmy Young Show. He founded the Dolman Best Travel Book Award in 2006, the only travel book award in the country (as of its founding), given to the best travel book published during the previous year.

</doc>
<doc id="20020087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020087" title="Onychoteuthis">
Onychoteuthis

Onychoteuthis is a genus of squid in the family Onychoteuthidae. The type species is "Onychoteuthis banksii", the common clubhook squid. While the genus is found worldwide in tropical and subtropical oceans, they can also occur in the North Pacific Ocean.
Anatomy.
Most species belonging to the genus have a mantle length of under 200 mm, however the larger members may measure over 300 mm. Bilobed photophores are found upon the surface of each eyeball. The temporary conjunction of the arms by means of the suckers enables them to act in combination. The animal has long prehensile arms, the clavate extremities of which are provided with suckers and a double row of hooks.
Species.
Former species.
The following four species have been reassigned to other genera.

</doc>
<doc id="20020105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020105" title="Saagara Pran Talamalala">
Saagara Pran Talamalala

Saagara Pran Talamalala is a Marathi patriotic song based on a poem written by Veer Savarkar.
Performance.
The original music was composed by Pandit Hridaynath Mangeshkar (पं. हृदयनाथ मंगेशकर). It has been recorded by him and Lata, Usha and Meena Mangeshkar and Asha Bhosle.

</doc>
<doc id="20020115" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020115" title="KUMA (AM)">
KUMA (AM)

KUMA (1290 AM, "News/Talk 1290") is a radio station licensed to serve Pendleton, Oregon, USA. The station is owned by Capps Broadcast Group and the broadcast license is held by Round-Up Radio, Inc. David N. Capps and Clare M. Ferguson-Capps, a married couple, own 100% of the stock in Round-Up Radio, Inc., through the Dave and Clare Capps Family Trust.
Programming.
KUMA broadcasts a news/talk radio format which features programming from Citadel Media and Premiere Radio Networks. Local weekday programming includes "The Morning Edition" with Butch Thurman and Danny Houle plus a 30-minute program called "The Coffee Hour".
Syndicated programming includes talk shows hosted by Rush Limbaugh, Lars Larson, Dave Ramsey, Laura Ingraham, and Jim Bohannon, plus "Coast to Coast AM" hosted by George Noory. KUMA also airs "The Huckabee Report" with former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee. Weekend programming includes syndicated shows hosted by Kim Kommando and Dr. Dean Edell plus "At Home with Gary Sullivan".
History.
This station began regular broadcasting on August 25, 1955, as a 1,000 watt daytime-only station broadcasting at 1370 kHz. The station, owned and operated by the Pendleton Broadcasting Company, began unlimited 5,000 watt operation at 1290 kHz on January 3, 1956. Pendleton Broadcasting Company was owned by the Fisher family as one of four Oregon radio stations controlled by the Fisher Stations Group.
Pendleton Broadcasting Company, licensee of KUMA, was acquired by Theodore A. "Ted" Smith and his wife Phyllis on November 1, 1966. Ted Smith had joined Pendleton Broadcasting Company in 1955, as general manager of KUMA, after his service in the United States Navy. Ted Smith served as the president of the Oregon Association of Broadcasters in 1962. KUMA was joined by an FM sister station, dubbed KUMA-FM, in 1978. In September 1988, Ted and Phyllis Smith applied to the FCC to transfer control of the Pendleton Broadcasting Company to Gregory A. Smith, their son. The deal was approved by the FCC on November 18, 1988.
In March 1993, Pendleton Broadcasting Company, Inc., reached an agreement to sell this station and AM sister station KUMA to Round-Up Radio, Inc. The deal was approved by the FCC on July 1, 1993, and the transaction was consummated on the same day.
KUMA switched to its current all-talk format in October 2002. The station's initial talk lineup included syndicated news and talk programming hosted by Rush Limbaugh, Paul Harvey, Michael Reagan, Laura Ingraham, Jim Bohannon, and Art Bell.
Facilities.
KUMA shares a studio building with sister stations KTIX (1240 AM), KWVN-FM (107.7 FM), and KWHT (103.5 FM). This multi-station Capps Broadcast Group facility is located at the west end of Eastern Oregon Regional Airport.

</doc>
<doc id="20020135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020135" title="KQEN">
KQEN

KQEN (1240 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a News Talk Information format. It is licensed to Roseburg, Oregon, USA. The station is currently owned by Brooke Communications and features programming from ABC Radio, ESPN Radio and Premiere Radio Networks.

</doc>
<doc id="20020149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020149" title="Hazelwood (Upper Marlboro, Maryland)">
Hazelwood (Upper Marlboro, Maryland)

Hazelwood is a historic home located outside Upper Marlboro, Prince George's County, Maryland, United States. The home is a large asymmetrical frame dwelling, built in three discrete sections over a long period of time. They are: a low gambrel-roofed section dating from the 18th century, about 1770; a gable-roofed Federal-style dwelling dating from the very early 19th century; and a tall gable-front Italianate-style central section constructed about 1860. The house stands on high ground west of and overlooking the site of historic Queen Anne town on the Patuxent River. Also on the property are several domestic and agricultural outbuildings, and the reputed sites of two cemeteries. 
According to the Federal Direct Tax of 1798, the original section of the
house (now the south section) was a 28 foot-square, framed
dwelling with a hip roof. The original owner was Thomas Lancaster. Later, it was the home of his nephew's son, Major Thomas Lancaster Lansdale. 
Hazelwood was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="20020153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020153" title="List of 2002 ballet premieres">
List of 2002 ballet premieres


</doc>
<doc id="20020170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020170" title="Miss Earth 2009">
Miss Earth 2009

Miss Earth 2009, the 9th edition of Miss Earth pageant, was held at the Boracay Ecovillage Resort and Convention Center, in the Island of Boracay, Malay, Aklan, Philippines,on November 22, 2009. 
The pageant had 80 delegates from various countries and territories that vied for the Miss Earth crown. The pageant's top 16 semifinalists competed on both swimsuit and evening gown competitions to determine the top eight semifinalists, the first time since 2003. In the last round of the contest, the question-and-answer portion, the eight remaining delegates were shown images which depicted destructions of Mother Nature and asked for their impressions. At the end of the competition, the outgoing titleholder, Miss Earth 2008, Karla Henry of the Philippines, crowned Larissa Ramos of Brazil as her successor.
The Miss Earth 2009 theme was "Green Lifestyle", in which the candidates were involved with environmental causes. The show was hosted by Marc Nelson, Sarah Meier and Borgy Manotoc.
Winning answer.
For the 9th edition of Miss Earth, no single final question was asked. Instead, images were flashed on screen and each of the eight finalists were tasked to tell something about it.
Statement of Miss Earth 2009: "I come from a country that has the largest rainforest in the world, and it is also known as the 'lungs of the world'. But we cannot just say that we are the 'lungs of the world' because my country produces a lot of air pollution as well." - Larissa Ramos, represented Brazil
Press presentation.
On November 4, 2009, the delegates were presented to the local and international media at Mader’s Garden in Pasig City. The women shared their environmental camapaigns and expressed their cause on Mother Nature, a continuous campaign they have been waging as "Beauties for a Cause".
Mall tours.
The delegates also had their mall tours and fashion shows in all Robinsons Malls nationwide in order to promote the cause of protection of the environment.
TV shows.
Selected girls appeared as guests on one of the TV shows of ABS-CBN, the official media partner of Carousel Production for Miss Earth 2009. They had gone to Showtime, ASAP 09, The Singing Bee.
Schedule of events.
"Note: Miss Earth delegates were divided into 3 groups."
Coronation venue.
For the first time, the pageant did not take place on the Island of Luzon. The venue for Miss Earth 2009 final night was first planned to be in Cebu City, but the mayor declined due to the financial cost of sponsoring the pageant. Boracay Ecovillage Resort and Convention Center won the rights to host the coronation night of the 2009 edition of the pageant.
The convention center is a private ecotourism venue intended for trade events, industry conventions, corporate functions, concerts, and international exhibitions. It is one of the landmarks of the Island of Boracay, which was described by the British publication "TV Quick" as the world's number one tropical beach and topped the 2007 Yahoo! Travel list of World’s Most Popular Beaches.
New crown.
The Miss Earth Organizers unveiled a new crown to be worn by the winner of Miss Earth 2009, with the preservation of planet Earth as its primary consideration. The crown was designed by an environmentalist jewelry designer from Florida, Ramona Haar, the official jeweller of the Miss Earth pageant.
The new crown is made of 100% recycled precious metals: 14kt gold and argentums sterling silver. The gemstones used were precious and semiprecious stones and donations from over 80 participating countries. These are gemstones that each country is known for either as the origin or source. The gemstones were sent in various forms: faceted, cabochons, beads or rough. The designer travelled to Jaipur, India to have these gemstones individually trim and faceted to the required cut and sizes. 
The flower in the center of the crown represents Mother Earth, as inspired by the statement of the American poet, Ralph Waldo Emerson's "The earth laughs in flowers". The recurring spiral motif has always been associated with "maternal power" and "feminine prestige" which is the essence of Miss Earth. The gentle curves in the crown symbolize "unity" and the "spirit of cooperation".
National pageant notes.
Withdrawals.
Contestants who were confirmed initially but were deleted from the roster of delegates just before the pageant started.
Contestant who were confirmed initially but were deleted from the roster of delegates six days after the pageant started.
Contestants who withdrew due to other reasons.
Countries who withdrew due to lack of funding and sponsorship.

</doc>
<doc id="20020181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020181" title="Take Me Away (StoneBridge song)">
Take Me Away (StoneBridge song)

"Take Me Away" is a single by StoneBridge (feat. Therese), which peaked at #9 in the UK and was released on 17 January 2005.
Music video.
A music video was produced to promote the single.

</doc>
<doc id="20020194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020194" title="Akron RubberDucks seasons">
Akron RubberDucks seasons

The Akron RubberDucks minor league baseball franchise has played 29 seasons (all in the Eastern League; all as a Double-A affiliate of an MLB team) since its inception in Lynn, Massachusetts in the 1980 season. As of the completion of the 2008 season, the club has played in 4,067 regular season games and compiled a win–loss record of 2,164–1,903. The team has also compiled a postseason win-loss record of 74–62 in 136 games.

</doc>
<doc id="20020196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020196" title="Corryong Football Netball Club">
Corryong Football Netball Club

Corryong Football Club is an Australian football club that plays in the Upper Murray Football League. The club fields all senior and junior sides alongside the Corryong Netball Club. Their players are mainly from the Corryong area and also from Albury/Wodonga.
History.
Corryong was a founding member in 1893 of the Corryong Football Association, a precursor of today's Upper Murray Football League, and with a total of thirty-one senior grade premierships to its credit the club is the most successful in the competition's history. That success commenced right away as Corryong won successive flags in 1893 and 1894 and by the time the competition went into recess in 1916 because of world war one it had added another nine, including four in succession between 1907 and 1910. 
During the 1920s Corryong was an almost perennial grand finalist, emerging triumphant on five occasions. It was less successful during the 1930s but still managed to claim a couple of flags. Following the second world war the club was consistently in the hunt for premiership honours and between 1948 and 1954 contested every grand final except one. However, it was successful only once, against Federal in 1951. It was a similar story during the late 1950s and the first half of the ensuing decade as, over the course of eight seasons, the Demons managed just a solitary grand final victory from half a dozen attempts. They ended the 1960s in style, however, overcoming Federal in the grand final of 1968 by 29 points and Cudgewa in the following season's play-off by a bare 2 point margin. Since their 1969 triumph the Demons have continued to amass flags at a steady rate.
2000 and Beyond.
The Demons were the powerhouse club of the competition during the first half of the decade. Between 2000 and 2005 Corryong's seniors won premierships in 2001, 2002, 2003 and 2005. These sides were made up of a strong local talent base combined with some experienced players from stronger district leagues proving the difference between themselves and the rest of the competition. The club also made grand finals in 2006 and 2008 with their last appearance in a grand final resulting in an embarrassing 108 point loss to Bullioh. A combination of the club's older players retiring and a number of locals leaving the area has resulted in the Demon's struggling down the bottom of the ladder for the last three season's with them finishing winless in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20020202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020202" title="KWVR (AM)">
KWVR (AM)

KWVR (1340 AM) is a radio station licensed to serve Enterprise, Oregon, USA. The station, established in 1960, and its FM sister station KWVR-FM are currently owned by Wallowa Valley Radio, LLC. Wallowa Valley Radio, LLC, is wholly owned by family members Richard, Mary, and David Frasch.
Programming.
KWVR broadcasts a news/talk radio format which features a mix of local and syndicated news, talk, sports, and information programming.
Syndicated programs.
Weekday syndicated programs include talk shows hosted by Rush Limbaugh, Lars Larson, Dennis Miller, and When Radio Was, plus "Coast to Coast AM" hosted by George Noory. Notable weekend programming includes a computer advice show with Kim Komando, "Moneytalk" with Bob Brinker, "Red Steagall's Cowboy Corner", "The Cowboy Show" with Ken Overcast, and "The Horse Show" with Rick Lamb.
Sports programs.
Sporting events broadcast by KWVR include Oregon State University Beavers football.
History.
The beginning.
This station began regular broadcast operations on June 1, 1960, serving Wallowa County, Oregon, with 250 watts of power on a frequency of 1340 kHz. The station was assigned the KWVR call sign by the Federal Communications Commission on. Original station owner Gene W. Wilson also served as company president, commercial manager, and general manager of KWVR. Through the late 1960s and into the early 1970s, the station aired a mixed format of middle of the road and country & western music.
A decade of change.
Nearly fifteen years after construction on KWVR began, owner Gene W. Wilson agreed to sell the station to David O. Dirks in a deal that closed in November 1974. Dirks continued the station's mix of MOR and country music through the end of the 1970s.
In November 1979, David O. Dirks reached an agreement to sell KWVR to High Valley Broadcasting, Inc. The deal was approved by the FCC on December 27, 1979. Just over two years later, in February 1982, High Valley Broadcasting, Inc., contracted to sell this station to Tri Star Communications Corporation, Inc. The deal was approved by the FCC on April 5, 1982.
The new owners filed an application with the FCC in November 1983 to increase the station's daytime signal strength from 250 to 1,000 watts. The FCC granted KWVR a new construction permit on March 22, 1983, to allow the upgrade and adding a nighttime signal at 250 watts.
The Perkins era.
In June 1984, Tri Star Communications Corporation, Inc., reached an agreement to sell this station to Wallowa Valley Radio Broadcasting Corporation, a company wholly owned by Lee D. Perkins and Carol-Lee Perkins, a married couple. The deal was approved by the FCC on August 13, 1984, and the transaction was consummated on November 19, 1984. In addition to splitting management and production duties as a couple, Lee Perkins also did play-by-play for local high school sports, not missing a game for more than 24 years until pneumonia forced a break in his streak in March 2008. The Perkinses lived in the KWVR radio studio building until they sold the station in December 2008.
KWVR today.
After nearly a quarter-century of continuous ownership, Wallowa Valley Radio Broadcasting Corporation reached an agreement in December 2008 to sell this station and its KWVR-FM sister station to Wallowa Valley Radio, LLC, for a combined sale price of $650,000. The deal was approved by the FCC on January 27, 2009, and the transaction was consummated on March 1, 2009.
Wallowa Valley Radio, LLC, is wholly owned by family members Richard, Mary, and David Frasch of Chanhassen and Fairmont, Minnesota. The Frasch family has owned ranching property in Wallowa County, Oregon, for more than 20 years.
Awards and honors.
On September 13, 2003, Lee Perkins was named Broadcaster of the Year by the Oregon Association of Broadcasters. Citing his "significant and lasting contribution to Oregon broadcasting", the OAB presented the award to the man known as the "Voice of Wallowa County" at their annual conference in Portland, Oregon.
Lee and Carol-Lee Perkins were chosen to preside as Grand Marshals of the 59th Annual Chief Joseph Days celebration in July 2004. The annual event is held in Joseph, Oregon.

</doc>
<doc id="20020219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020219" title="Basil Briscoe">
Basil Briscoe

(Arthur) Basil Briscoe (1903 – 1951) was a British racehorse trainer. The son of William Arthur Briscoe, of Longstowe Hall, Cambridgeshire, and May Matilda Boughey, he was educated at Eton College. He ran a mixed stable from the family seat at Longstowe and then Newmarket and was the joint master of the Cambridgeshire Harriers in 1929, based at Bottisham.
Golden Miller.
Briscoe discovered Golden Miller as an unbroken three-year-old in Ireland and encouraged Dorothy Paget to buy him. The horse won four consecutive Cheltenham Gold Cups (1932-1935) for Briscoe (and a fifth in 1936) and the 1934 Grand National, but Paget and Briscoe fell out after the 1935 Grand National when Golden Miller, the pre-race favourite, tried to refuse a fence and unseated his jockey.

</doc>
<doc id="20020228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020228" title="1966 FIFA World Cup qualification (CONMEBOL – Group 3)">
1966 FIFA World Cup qualification (CONMEBOL – Group 3)

The three teams in this group played against each other on a home-and-away basis. The winner Argentina qualified for the eighth FIFA World Cup held in England.
Team stats.
Head coach: José María Minella

Head coach: Freddy Valda

</doc>
<doc id="20020243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020243" title="WNOW">
WNOW

WNOW may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20020248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020248" title="Jupiter and Thetis">
Jupiter and Thetis

Jupiter and Thetis is an 1811 painting by the French neoclassical painter Jean Auguste Dominique Ingres, in the Musée Granet, Aix-en-Provence, France. Painted when the artist was yet 31, the work severely and pointedly contrasts the grandeur and might of a cloud-born Olympian male deity against that of a diminutive and half nude nymph. Ingres' subject matter is borrowed from an episode in Homer's "Iliad" when the sea nymph Thetis begs Jupiter to intervene and guide the fate of her son Achilles; who was at the time embroiled in the Trojan War.
The painting is steeped in the traditions of both classical and neoclassical art, most notably in its grand scale of 136⅝ × 101¼ inches. Ingres creates many visual contrasts between the God and the slithering nymph: Jupiter is shown facing the viewer frontally with both his arms and legs spread broadly across the canvas, while the color of his dress and flesh echos that of the marble at his feet. In contrast, Thetis is rendered in sensuous curves and portrayed in supplication to the mercy of a cruel God who holds the fate of her son in his hands. Thetis' right hand falls on Jupiter's hip with a suggestion of erotic caress, while the dark green of her dress accents the dread and foreboding of the bare landscape behind. Her clothing is drawn up against her lower hip, and seems about to fall off. The focal point of the work is Thetis' left hand extended vertically upright as she attempts to stroke the beard of the God.
Jupiter's pose is closely based on that of the famous chryselephantine sculpture, the Statue of Zeus at Olympia (Zeus being Jupiter's Greek equivalent), one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World. This was made by the Greek sculptor of the Classical period, Phidias, circa 432 BC and destroyed in Antiquity, but its pose is known from coins and small replicas. Here the pose is reversed right to left, and the arm to the viewer's right is higher than in the original, which held out a statue of Nike.
"Jupiter and Thetis" was painted to meet the artist's obligations to the French Academy in Rome, and although its overhand tone correctly reflected the patriarchal bias of Napoleon's regime in its contrast between male power and female subservience, it is generally regarded as a rejection of such values. Ingres highly regarded the painting, and in a manner it marries the great motifs of his career: the voluptuousness of the female character and the authoritative austerity on the male deity.
Ingres kept "Jupiter and Thetis" in his studio until 1834, when it was purchased by the state. In 1848, he made a single pencil copy. The painting was first exhibited at the 1811 Paris Salon, at a time when Ingres' attention to line coupled with his disregard for anatomical reality was yet to find favour among critics.

</doc>
<doc id="20020264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020264" title="List of 2005 ballet premieres">
List of 2005 ballet premieres


</doc>
<doc id="20020270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020270" title="Hyattsville Armory">
Hyattsville Armory

The Hyattsville Armory is a historic National Guard armory built in 1918 and located in Hyattsville, Prince George's County, Maryland, United States. It was the first Armory built in Prince George's County and the fifth in Maryland. Its architect, Robert Lawrence Harris, served as State Architect under Governor Albert C. Ritchie. In this capacity, Harris supervised the design of similar armories in Salisbury, Kensington, Silver Spring, Hagerstown, Laurel, Easton, Crisfield, Pocomoke City, Centreville, and Cumberland. The structure is distinctly fortresslike and offers a commanding view of the surrounding area. The building is patterned after a medieval English castle and built of native stone, with rectangular turrets flanking the arched limestone entranceway. Carved above the entry is the State Seal of Maryland.
The Hyattsville Armory was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="20020279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020279" title="Melissa Marty">
Melissa Marty

Melissa Marty (born July 26, 1984 in Mayagüez) is a Puerto Rican beauty pageant titleholder and TV Host. Marty placed as a semi-finalist in Miss Puerto Rico Universe 2008, competing as "Miss Caguas." She then became a contestant on the reality show/beauty contest "Nuestra Belleza Latina", and after weeks of competition and eliminations, she won the grand prize of over $100,000, a contract with Univision and earned the title of Nuestra Belleza Latina 2008
She is a member of Mu Alpha Phi sorority. She graduated from college with a Bachelor's degree in Communications. After winning Nuestra Belleza Latina she gained national exposure and has worked as an entertainment host on shows in Univision, Galavision and the Telefutura network.
In February 2014, Marty became a co-host of the morning show "El Coffee Break" on the Azteca America network.

</doc>
<doc id="20020283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020283" title="Konstantin Menshov">
Konstantin Menshov

Konstantin Alexandrovich Menshov (, born 23 February 1983) is a Russian figure skater. He is the 2014 European bronze medalist, a two-time (2010, 2012) Nebelhorn Trophy silver medalist, a two-time (2007, 2012) NRW Trophy champion, and the 2011 Russian national champion.
Career.
Menshov won the silver medal at the 2010 Nebelhorn Trophy. At the 2011 Russian Championships, Menshov placed first in both the short and long program, to win the title. He was the only contender to attempt a quadruple toe loop in the long program. He finished 7th in his first trip to the European Championships. 
In the 2012–2013 season, Menshov won another silver medal at the Nebelhorn Trophy. He placed 4th at both of his Grand Prix events, the 2012 Skate America and 2012 Rostelecom Cup, setting a new personal best overall score at his second event. He won again at the 2012 NRW Trophy with an overall score of 238.63 points, more than 26 points ahead of silver medalist Michal Brezina. He won the bronze medal at the 2013 Russian Championships but was not named in the Russian team for the 2013 European Championships. The decision did not contravene regulations which stated that only the top two qualified automatically and the third skater could be determined by the coaches' council. However, an appeal was signed by the president of the Saint Petersburg figure skating federation, Oleg Nilov, and some competitors. Russian Minister of Sport Vitaly Mutko ordered the executive committee of the Russian figure skating federation to review the issue. They voted to uphold their original decision. Menshov was assigned to the 2013 World Team Trophy and placed third in the short program with a personal season's best score (80.60). In the free skate, he dislocated his right shoulder attempting a triple Axel and withdrew from the event. He had sustained that type of injury only once before, four years prior.
In 2013-2014 season, returning from a shoulder surgery, Menshov was assigned to two Grand Prix Events, He finished 8th at the 2013 NHK Trophy and 4th at the 2013 Rostelecom Cup. Appearing in his second Europeans at the age of 30, Menshov won the bronze at the 2014 European Championships.
Menshov trains in Saint Petersburg with coach Evgeni Rukavitsyn. During summers, he also has training camps in Luleå, Sweden and Jelgava, Latvia.
Personal life.
In 2011, Menshov received his diploma from the Saint Petersburg's Lesgaft University for Physiculture and Sport. He has a non-identical twin brother, Nikita.

</doc>
<doc id="20020288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020288" title="Courthouse Butte">
Courthouse Butte

Courthouse Butte is a butte just north of the Village of Oak Creek, Arizona, south of Sedona in Yavapai County. Summit elevation is . It is just east of Bell Rock.
Geologically, Courthouse Butte composed of horizontally bedded sedimentary rock of the Permian Supai Formation.

</doc>
<doc id="20020319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020319" title="Omar Labruna">
Omar Labruna

Omar Raúl Labruna (, born 3 April 1957) is a former Argentine footballer and current coach of Primera División club Colo-Colo.
Biography.
"Omarcito" Labruna started his playing career at River Plate in 1976 during his father Ángel's time as manager of the club. He left River in 1981 and had spells with Quilmes, Platense and Deportivo Italiano.
Labruna spent several years working in coaching and as an assistant manager before becoming the manager of Belgrano de Córdoba in 2003. He then joined Huracán de Tres Arroyos and led the small provincial team to 2nd place in the Primera B Nacional in the Cluasura 2004 championship 
In 2005, he became the manager of Olimpo de Bahía Blanca in the Primera División Argentina and in 2006 he was appointed as the manager of Colombian side Deportivo Cali. In 2008 he took over as manager of Gimnasia y Esgrima de Jujuy and was fired on 11 March 2009. 
In March 2009, Labruna returned to Belgrano de Córdoba of the 2nd division.

</doc>
<doc id="20020324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020324" title="Sugar &amp; Spice (Picket Fences)">
Sugar &amp; Spice (Picket Fences)

"Sugar & Spice" is an episode of the CBS comedy-drama series "Picket Fences". Written by series creator David E. Kelley and directed by Alan Myerson, the episode originally aired on April 29, 1993. The episode caused controversy because it depicted 16 year-old lead character Kimberly Brock engaged in same-sex kissing with her best friend and frankly discussing her sexuality.
"Sugar & Spice" was an early entry on a list of American television episodes in which a lesbian or possibly lesbian character kisses a straight-identifying character. These lesbian kiss episodes often occurred during times of the year when networks were most concerned about generating ratings, and have come to be viewed by some critics as gimmicks to help secure those ratings. The controversy generated by "Sugar & Spice" and other lesbian kiss episodes led to a chilling effect on the non-sensationalized presentation of same-sex intimacy on network television through most of the rest of the 1990s.
Plot.
Kimberly Brock (Holly Marie Combs) and her best friend Lisa Fenn (Alexondra Lee) exchange several experimental kisses during a sleepover at Kimberly's house, the first kiss being a chaste peck with the later kisses becoming more intimate. Kimberly's younger brother Matthew (Justin Shenkarow) eavesdrops on the girls the next day when they discuss the incident and their feelings. He goes to his mother, town doctor Jill Brock (Kathy Baker) and tells her that Kimberly is a "lesbo". A patient overhears and word of the kissing spreads through the town. Kimberly's father, Sheriff Jimmy Brock (Tom Skerritt) and stepmother Jill react poorly to the idea that their daughter might be a lesbian, debating "nature vs. nurture" and "elective lesbianism" and even renting "hunk films" starring Mel Gibson and Kevin Costner. Kimberly turns to her birth mother, Lydia (Cristine Rose), who had had a lesbian relationship in college. Lydia advises her that her relationship with another woman was during the women's movement and that while she enjoyed her time with the woman she realized that she was confusing feelings of intimacy with sexuality. Lisa and Kimberly talk further. Lisa acknowledges that she is in love with Kimberly but Kimberly lets her know that she is unable to return those feelings.
In a secondary plot, male Sheriff's deputy Kenny Lacos (Costas Mandylor) is given a promotion over female deputy Maxine Stuart (Lauren Holly) after she is asked in her interview about such things as whether she was planning to get married and get pregnant in the near future. She sues for sex discrimination and Kenny's promotion is reversed. She tells Kenny that she would be proud to serve under him but tells Sheriff Brock that his blatant bigotry has made her less proud to serve under him.
Production.
Before "Sugar & Spice" aired, CBS, fearing sponsor pullouts and viewer backlash, demanded revisions to the kissing scene. According to Kelley in a "Los Angeles Times" interview, the network initially suggested fading to black before the second more intimate kiss, then suggested cutting away before the kiss to a shot of one of Kimberly's brothers eavesdropping. Eventually, the network and Kelley settled on reshooting the kissing scene in darkness. In the episode as aired, a line of dialog is inserted over a shot of the exterior of the Brock house to explain why the room is suddenly dark.
Reception.
Network affiliate KSL-TV in Salt Lake City, which had earlier refused to air an episode dealing with polygamy, also refused to air this episode. In a move described by Stephen Tropiano of PopMatters as "a prime example of network hypocrisy", CBS released the original footage along with the reshot scene to "Entertainment Tonight", which generated enormous publicity for the episode. Television critic John Martin described this episode as indicative of the way that "Picket Fences" deftly blended ethical and social issues with family concerns.
The "lesbian kiss episode".
"Picket Fences" was one of the first American television series to feature an intimate kiss between two women. Two years earlier, "L. A. Law" had aired an episode (also written by Kelley) that included a kiss between bisexual-identified character C. J. Lamb (Amanda Donohoe) and straight-identifying Abby Perkins (Michele Greene). The kiss led to complaints to the network and five sponsors pulled their ads from the episode. In reviewing incidents of lesbian kisses on network television programs, the "New York Times" noted that they tended to happen during "sweeps" periods, when the networks use Nielsen ratings to determine advertising rates. Noting lesbian kisses during sweeps periods on such shows as "L. A. Law", "Roseanne", "Party of Five" and "Ally McBeal" in addition to the "Picket Fences" episode and noting that they were occurring about once per year, the "Times" concludes that kisses between women are: "Eminently visual; cheap, provided the actors are willing; controversial, year in and year out; and elegantly reversible (sweeps lesbians typically vanish or go straight when the week's over), kisses between women are perfect sweeps stunts. They offer something for everyone, from advocacy groups looking for role models to indignation-seeking conservatives, from goggle-eyed male viewers to progressive female ones, from tyrants who demand psychological complexity to plot buffs."
"The Guardian" concurred in this assessment, calling the lesbian kiss episode "a clear sign of desperation and a show running out of ideas...Snogging The Friend is the new Jumping The Shark."
Michele Greene confirmed in an interview with AfterEllen.com that her kiss with Amanda Donohoe's C. J. was a ratings ploy and that there was never any intention on the part of producers to seriously explore the possibility of a relationship between two women.
During a period in network television history when producers were pushing the broadcast boundaries on sexually explicit content with such shows as "NYPD Blue", the controversy over this and other television episodes that made inroads into presenting same-sex sexuality or affection led producers not to present any sexualization of their gay and lesbian characters. As noted by author Ron Becker, "So viewers got to see Carol and Susan wed on "Friends", but they didn't get to see them kiss. And fans of "NYPD Blue" could hear male hustlers talk about their johns, but the only sex they got to see involved the precinct's straight cops—naked butts and all. Clearly, chastity was the price gay characters paid for admission to prime-time television in the 1990s."

</doc>
<doc id="20020334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020334" title="Director of Public Prosecutions (England and Wales)">
Director of Public Prosecutions (England and Wales)

The Director of Public Prosecutions (DPP) is the most senior public prosecutor in England and Wales (second only to the Attorney General and Solicitor General). The DPP is the head of the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS), with personal responsibility for its 7,000 staff and approximately 800,000 prosecutions undertaken by it every year. The holder of the role is appointed by the Attorney General on the recommendation of a panel that includes the First Civil Service Commissioner.
First created in 1879, the office was merged with that of the Treasury Solicitor five years later, before again becoming independent in 1908. The Director's department and role underwent modernisation from 1944 to 1964 under Sir Theobald Mathew QC, and further expansion with the introduction of the CPS in 1985, which came under the control of the Director. The Director is superintended by the Attorney General, who answers for the CPS in Parliament. The current director is Alison Saunders, who took office on 1 November 2013.
History.
A Director of Public Prosecutions was first recommended by the Criminal Law Commission in 1845, who said that "the duty of prosecution is usually irksome, inconvenient and burthensome; the injured party would often rather forgo the prosecution than incur expense of time, labour and money. When, therefore, the party injured is compelled by the magistrate to act as prosecutor, the duty is frequently performed unwillingly and carelessly." An 1856 Act allowed the Home Office to ask the Treasury Solicitor's Department to take on cases of particular importance, but this left many cases falling through the net. As a result, the Prosecution of Offences Act 1879 was passed, which created a Director of Public Prosecutions (DPP) to advise the police and personally act in cases of importance; an elaboration on the 1856 Act.
The first appointee was Sir John Maule QC, who took up his post in 1880. Maule was a quiet, reserved and cautious man, who interpreted his powers in an unnecessarily restrictive way, feeling that he could do little more than send cases to the Treasury Solicitor's office, and that it was not the job of the DPP to prosecute cases. He came under harsh criticism, which reached a head in 1883 when he refused to authorise prosecution of a pair of blackmailers, who were instead prosecuted privately, convicted and given heavy sentences. As a result of the fallout, the Home Secretary William Harcourt set up a committee into "the present action and position of the Director of Public Prosecutions".
The Committee concluded that the DPP's job, in which he took no practical part in prosecutions, would be best unified into the job of the Treasury Solicitor, and that the DPP should be merged with the Treasury Solicitor. This was accepted, and the DPP "vanished in all but name". Successors for the rest of the century held both titles, and both jobs, thanks to the Prosecution of Offences Act 1884. The next few appointees were unimportant and uncontroversial, until Sir Charles Willie Matthews QC, a man Rozenberg describes as "the first real DPP". The Prosecution of Offenses Act 1908 repealed the section of the 1884 Act that unified the DPP and Treasury Solicitor, giving Matthews an office of his own on his appointment in the same year. 
The organisation remained rooted in its Victorian origins, still operating under the 1886 Prosecutions of Offences Regulations, until the appointment of Sir Theobald Mathew QC in 1944. The youngest man (and only solicitor) to be appointed DPP at that time, Matthews modernised the office, updating the Prosecutions of Offences Regulations, introducing Trunk Dialling and using dictaphones to make up for the small number of shorthand typists. He reorganised and modernised the department as a whole, and many of his modifications are still in place; for example, a provision in many new Acts of Parliament dealing with the criminal law that requires the consent of the DPP for a prosecution. At the same time he battled with the Civil Service for an increase in staff numbers, securing the appointment of three new Assistant Solicitors in the late 1950s; a large leap for a staff which had previously numbered five, excluding secretaries. The Prosecution of Offences Act 1985 created the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) in 1986, a dedicated, nation-wide prosecution service under the control of the DPP, then Sir Thomas Hetherington QC. This involved the recruitment of 3,000 new staff, which despite difficulties the DPP succeeded in doing. The CPS now handles the vast majority of prosecutions.

</doc>
<doc id="20020356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020356" title="Kalk, Cologne">
Kalk, Cologne

Kalk () is the Eighth city district or "Stadtbezirk" of Cologne, Germany. Kalk was merged into the city of Cologne in 1910, the district was formed in 1975.
The district of Kalk borders with Mülheim to the North, Rheinisch-Bergischer Kreis to the East, the Cologne borough of Porz to the South and Deutz to the West.
Subdivisions.
Kalk consists of nine Stadtteile (city parts):
Transportation.
Kalk is served by numerous railway stations and highways. Train stations include Köln-Trimbornstraße and numerous light rail stations of Cologne Stadtbahn line 1 and 9. The Bundesautobahn 3 and 4 connect Kalk with the Cologne Beltway.

</doc>
<doc id="20020359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020359" title="SYNDA Information Industry">
SYNDA Information Industry

SYNDA Information Industry Co., Ltd., founded in 1994, is the largest professional IT service provider in Yunnan Province, China. It is headquartered in Kunming City. It has focused on the information system service of government and enterprises through more than a decade of development.

</doc>
<doc id="20020373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020373" title="The Original Bootleg Series from the Manticore Vaults">
The Original Bootleg Series from the Manticore Vaults

The Original Bootleg Series from the Manticore Vaults is a 2001 four-volume "official bootleg" release by Emerson, Lake & Palmer on Castle Recordscontaining live recordings.[http://www.progarchives.com/album.asp?id=2645 Each of the four volumes comprised four shows and contained seven or eight CDs.
Volume One.
Disc One.
"Stomping Encore.“ Gaelic Park, NY : 1 September 1971
Disc One.
Disc Two.
“Stomping Encore.“ Gaelic Park, NY : 1 September 1971
Disc Three.
Louisville Town Hall, KY : 21 April 1972
Disc Four.
Louisville Town Hall, KY : 21 April 1972
Disc Five.
Long Beach Arena, Long Beach, CA : 28 July 1972
Disc Six.
Long Beach Arena, Long Beach, CA : 28 July 1972
Disc Seven.
Performing Arts Centre, Saratoga, NY : 13 August 1972
Volume Two.
Disc One.
26 November 1972, Hammersmith Odeon, London
A RIGHT CORDIAL SHOCKER
Disc Two.
26 November 1972, Hammersmith Odeon, London
Disc Three.
26 March 1974, Henry Lewitt Arena, KS
WAITING FOR THE CORDUROY PURPOSE
Disc Four.
26 March 1974, Henry Lewitt Arena, KS
Disc Five.
26 July 1974, Rich Stadium, Buffalo, NY
MY DARLING NEMESIS... THE ILLUMINATI
Disc Six.
26 July 1974, Rich Stadium, Buffalo, NY
Disc Seven.
30 November 1977, New Haven Civic Centre, New Haven, CT 
STRANGELY BENEFICIENT
Disc Eight.
30 November 1977, New Haven Civic Centre, New Haven, CT
Volume Three.
Disc One.
Anaheim Convention Centre, CA, USA, 10 February 1974
Disc Two.
Royal Albert Hall, London, England, 2 October 1992
Disc Three.
Royal Albert Hall, London, England, 2 October 1992
Disc Four.
Wiltern Theater, LA, USA, March 1993
Disc Five.
Wiltern Theater, LA, USA, March 1993
Volume Four.
Disc One.
Hartford civic centre Connecticut 10 July 1977
Disc Two.
Hartford civic centre Connecticut 10 July 1977
Disc Three.
Chicago 1978
Disc Four.
Chicago 1978
Disc Five.
Pennsylvania 22 July 1992
Disc Six.
Pennsylvania 22 July 1992
Disc Seven.
Jones Beach, New York 25 July 1992
Disc Eight.
Jones Beach, New York 25 July 1992

</doc>
<doc id="20020385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020385" title="Josef Slíva">
Josef Slíva

Josef Slíva (born November 25, 1898, date of death unknown) was a Czech figure skater who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1924 Winter Olympics and in the 1928 Winter Olympics.
In 1924 he finished fourth in the singles event.
Four years later he finished fifth in the singles competition at the St. Moritz Games.

</doc>
<doc id="20020397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020397" title="Penelope and the Humongous Burp">
Penelope and the Humongous Burp

Penelope and the Humongous Burp is a children's picture book by Sheri Radford and illustrated by Christine Tripp.
Plot.
Penelope can't control her burping after she drinks a few glasses of grape soda to quickly.

</doc>
<doc id="20020422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020422" title="Breeder (cellular automaton)">
Breeder (cellular automaton)

In Conway's Game of Life, a breeder is a pattern that exhibits quadratic growth, by generating multiple copies of a secondary pattern, each of which then generates multiple copies of a tertiary pattern.
Classification.
Breeders can be classed by the relative motion of the patterns. The four basic types are:
A spacefiller (which also undergoes quadratic growth) may be thought of as a fifth class of breeder. However it differs from a true breeder in that it expands a single island of cells, rather than creating independent objects.

</doc>
<doc id="20020431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020431" title="Que Ganas de Volver">
Que Ganas de Volver

Que Ganas de Volver (Eng.: "I Want to Return") is the title of a studio album released by Mexican band Conjunto Primavera. It was released on February 5, 2008. This album became their fifth number-one set on the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums.
Tracklisting.
The information from Billboard.
Personnel.
This information from Allmusic.

</doc>
<doc id="20020461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020461" title="List of 2004 ballet premieres">
List of 2004 ballet premieres


</doc>
<doc id="20020490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020490" title="Kingston (Upper Marlboro, Maryland)">
Kingston (Upper Marlboro, Maryland)

Kingston, or Sasscer's House, is a -story historic home located at Upper Marlboro, Prince George's County, Maryland, United States. It is believed to be the oldest building remaining in the town of Upper Marlboro and may have been built, at least in part, before 1730. Many alterations and additions made to it in the Victorian era, including "gingerbread" details typical of this era. The Craufurd family cemetery is located in the woods northwest of the house.
Kingston was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="20020503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020503" title="John Page (figure skater)">
John Page (figure skater)

John "Jack" Ferguson Page (1900 – 14 February 1947) was a British figure skater who competed in the 1924 Winter Olympics and in the 1928 Winter Olympics.
He was born in Brooklands, Manchester and died in Manchester.
In 1924 he finished fifth in the singles event. In the pairs competition he and his partner Ethel Muckelt finished fourth.
Four years later he finished ninth in the singles event at the St. Moritz Games and with his partner Ethel Muckelt he finished seventh in the pairs competition.
Results.
men's singles
pairs (with Ethel Muckelt)

</doc>
<doc id="20020504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020504" title="Something in the Water (film)">
Something in the Water (film)

__NOTOC__
Something in the Water is a 2008 Australian documentary film written and directed by Aidan O'Bryan. Using live, archival, and interview footage shot in Los Angeles, Melbourne, Perth, Sydney, and Windsor in Berkshire, England, it explores the history and environment behind the development of local and nationally acclaimed musical talent in Western Australia.
The film was funded by Perth media production company WBMC, headed by screenwriter/director Aidan O'Bryan and producer Janelle Landers.
The film follows the rise to fame of some of Western Australia's most successful musicians. "Something in the Water" features more than fifty interviews with bands including Little Birdy, The Waifs, The Sleepy Jackson, Eskimo Joe, End of Fashion, Jebediah, Le Hoodoo Gurus, The Panics and Red Jezebel. The film asks whether Perth's talented spawn can be attributed to the city's isolation, the environment or the music scene itself, or whether there is, in fact, something in the water.
"Something in the Water" premiered at the Astor Theatre in Perth and had a limited theatrical run in that city. It later was shown at the FTI Fremantle Film Festival and the 2008 WAMi Festival. An accompanying two-disc compilation of various Western Australian artists became available via MGM Distribution as well as online in January 2009.
The film was screened on ABC2 on 13 May 2009. Following this national broadcast, the film was released on DVD on 3 July 2009 via MGM Distribution. The DVD includes additional interview footage with Eskimo Joe, John Butler, The Triffids, Dave Faulkner and Kim Salmon.
Some people have noted that the film neglects to mention some of the more notable Perth performers from the 1970s and even 1960s. While Johnny Young makes an appearance, other performers like Glen Ingram & The Hi-Five, Bakery, The Elks, Fatty Lumpkin, Sid Rumpo, Dave Warner, The Dugites and Rip Torn & The Stockings and groundbreaking producer Martin Clark and his Clarion Records are completely ignored (although The Dugites do make an appearance on the film's soundtrack double CD release).
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack includes music from the film as well as music that inspired the film.

</doc>
<doc id="20020510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020510" title="Riverside Ballroom">
Riverside Ballroom

The Riverside Ballroom in Green Bay, Wisconsin, is a ballroom that hosts weddings and small concerts. In the past, it has also held boxing matches.
History.
Founded in 1936, Riverside became locally known as one of the last venues for the Winter Dance Party tour that led to the Day the Music Died. The concert was played on February 1, 1959, two days prior to the crash.
The building is designed in the art modern style of the 1930s. It was intended to give the impression of machinery or technology. It has high wood beams and the Czechoslovakian crystal chandeliers. It is recognized by the city of Green Bay as a historic site.
Acts that have performed at the venue include Guy Lombardo, Glenn Miller, Jimmy Dorsey, Lawrence Welk, Ritchie Valens / The Big Bopper and Wayne King. More recent acts include the Red Hot Chili Peppers, Joan Jett, Night Ranger, Bachman–Turner Overdrive, Kenny Wayne Shepard and the Guess Who.

</doc>
<doc id="20020511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020511" title="Amy Peterson">
Amy Peterson

Amy Peterson (born November 29, 1971) is an American short track speed skater. Peterson competed in five consecutive Olympic games from when short track speed skating was exhibition sport in 1988 to 2002. 
Peterson qualified for her first Olympic Games in 1988 for the 1988 Winter Olympics in Calgary at age 16. In 1988 short track speed skating was just a demonstration sport and no medals were awarded. Peterson won the 1,000 meters, and 1,500 meters US speed skating titles at the U.S. Olympic Festival in 1989. She also placed third in the 500 meters.
Peterson attended Johnson Senior High School in Saint Paul, Minnesota and graduated in 1990. Her uncle, Gene Sandvig, competed in speed skating in the 1952 and 1956 Olympic Games.
Peterson returned to qualify for the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano, Japan after overcoming chronic fatigue syndrome. Peterson's performance suffered during the time with her dropping from the number one U.S. woman to eighth.
In 2000, Peterson won all four distances at U.S. short track speed skating championships. Peterson qualified for the 2000 Winter Goodwill Games while winning the 500, 1,000, 1,500 and 3,000 meter races. She held the American record in 1,000, 1,500 and 3,000 meters races in June 2000. In 2001 she won her eighth U.S. women's championship.
By the end of the 2000-2001 season Peterson was ranked ninth in the world and ranked in the top ten for each distance.
In the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City, Utah, Peterson was elected to carry the US flag at the opening ceremony of the 2002 Winter Olympics. She planned for the Olympics to be her last one. Peterson failed to win a medal in any of her individual events or in the relay.
Peterson failed to qualify for her sixth Olympic games in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20020513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020513" title="British Veterinary Association">
British Veterinary Association

The British Veterinary Association is the national body for veterinary surgeons in the United Kingdom and is a not-for-profit organisation. Its purpose is that of knowledge dissemination, and not professional validation or academic competence. Knowledge dissemination is important in the veterinary profession to prevent a knowledge divide.
History.
National Veterinary Association.
A preceding organisation started out as the National Veterinary Association in 1882 after the first ever British National Veterinary Congress in July 1881. A vet, George Banham, had suggested the idea of a national veterinary association. George Fleming, the principal vet to the Armed Forces, was the first elected President. The Association was open to any vet, no matter which country they were from, on the payment of half a guinea. Other previous veterinary associations still co-existed though. It had an informal organisation and meetings across the country were arranged on an "ad hoc" basis. This style of organisation did not suit many vets, who wanted an organisation where they could discuss matters which did not or could not be discussed by the RCVS. In 1909 at a meeting of the Scottish Metropolitan Veterinary Association, Professor Orlando Charnock Bradley of the Edinburgh Veterinary College, called for a 'one single British veterinary association'. The idea was generally accepted, but the First World War stopped anything from happening.
National Veterinary Medical Association.
At a meeting on October 31, 1919, the National Veterinary Medical Association was formed. Charnock Bradley became this association's first president. The co-existent veterinary associations no longer continued. The NVMA became a coherent regulated organisation and started to achieve things for vets, the country, and not-least the world. It has profoundly helped animal welfare and food production.
In 1952 it became the BVA.
In 1984, it founded the BVA Animal Welfare Foundation. In 2008, it launched the Vets.TV online television channel, with help from the Ten Alps company. The World Veterinary Association was formed in 1959 in Madrid.
Activities.
It issues advice and the consensus of professional opinion to members and to the general public about veterinary issues as they arise in current events or trends, such as bird flu and foot and mouth.
It publishes "The Veterinary Record" (first published 1920) and "In Practice". The organisation has over 11,000 members.
Structure.
The current President is Mr Carl Padgett. The current Past-President is Mr Harvey Locke and the current President-Elect is Mr Peter Harlech Jones. The association's headquarters is situated near Queen's College, London.

</doc>
<doc id="20020514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020514" title="Cutie Mui">
Cutie Mui

Cutie Mui Siu Wai (born on April 17, 1966) is an actress and television host associated with Television Broadcasts Limited. Her notable roles include Sek Mei in Virtues of Harmony and Loose Head Zhi in Justice Of Life.

</doc>
<doc id="20020548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020548" title="Tutova County">
Tutova County

Tutova County is one of the historic counties of Moldavia, Romania with the city of Bârlad as capital.
Geography.
Tutova County covered 2,498 km2 and was located in the eastern of Greater Romania, in Moldavia. Currently, the territory that comprised Tutova County is now included at present in Bacău County, Galați County and Vaslui County. In the interwar period, the county neighbored Vaslui County to the north, Fălciu County to the northeast, Cahul County to the east, Covurlui County to the south, and Tecuci and Bacău counties to the west.
Administrative organization.
Administratively, Tutova County was divided into four districts ("plăşi"): 

</doc>
<doc id="20020564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020564" title="Charford">
Charford

Charford is a small village located close to the town centre of Bromsgrove in Worcestershire.
History.
Charford used to be farm land with a mill, Charford Mill (known as The Lint Mill) provided employment by the manufacture of sanitary towels and wound dressings but was derelict for many years until it was demolished to make way for South Bromsgrove High School which retained the old mill pond at the front of the complex. This however has since been filled in due to the demolition and redevelopment of the school on an adjacent field though the sluice gate can still be seen to the side of the Sugarbrook that runs along the front of the school off Charford Road.
The original housing estates of Charford were built for workers of the Garringtons Drop forging plant in nearby Aston Fields that provided forgings for the automotive and aerospace industries.
Transport.
Bus services in Charford are provided by First Midland Red, Diamond Bus, Clearway and MRD Travel. There are routes to Bromsgrove, Droitwich, Worcester, Birmingham and Redditch. Bromsgrove railway station is situated in the adjacent village of Aston Fields with train services to Birmingham, Worcester and Hereford
Education.
Charford has two schools; Charford First School and South Bromsgrove High School, the latter having been recently rebuilt on the original playing fields as a brand new modern complex. The old buildings were demolished by DSM Demolition and the land is now a car park for staff and visitors.

</doc>
<doc id="20020567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020567" title="Freddy Mésot">
Freddy Mésot

Frédéric "Freddy" A. Mésot (25 May 1905 – October 1979) was a Belgian figure skater who competed in the 1924 Winter Olympics.
In 1924 he finished ninth in the singles event.

</doc>
<doc id="20020586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020586" title="Avenue Capital Group">
Avenue Capital Group

Avenue Capital Group is a Global investment firm focusing on distressed securities and private equity with regional teams focusing on opportunities in the United States, Europe and Asia. The firm operates as both a private equity firm and as a hedge fund. Avenue’s core strategy is focused on distressed debt and equity securities although the firm also manages investment funds that focus on long-short opportunities, real estate, and collateralized debt obligations. The firm manages assets valued at approximately $12 billion. The firm was founded by former professionals of Amroc Investments, an affiliate of the Robert M. Bass Group.
The firm is headquartered in New York City, with offices in London, Luxembourg, Munich, Beijing, Hong Kong, New Delhi and Singapore. The firm has established an institutional-quality infrastructure in terms of accounting, compliance legal, investor relations, and information technology capabilities. Avenue has approximately 220 employees across its 8 offices worldwide.
Avenue’s investment professionals seek "good companies with bad balance sheets" — firms with sustainable businesses and positive cash flow but whose financial situation is distressed. The investment team uses Avenue’s top-down/bottom-up approach to find undervalued opportunities and typically seeks to make non-operational control investments in troubled businesses. This provides the strategy maximum trading flexibility and allows Avenue’s investment professionals to focus on pre-investment research and analysis rather than post-investment operating issues.
In the fall of 2006, Chelsea Clinton, daughter of former president Bill Clinton, joined the firm shortly after leaving McKinsey & Company, a management consultancy. However, she has since left the firm and returned to graduate school.
Bloomberg reported that as of Feb. 28, 2010, Avenue Capital Group is the 13th largest hedge fund in the world.
History.
Avenue Capital Group was founded in 1995 by Marc Lasry and Sonia Gardner. The two founders had previously founded Amroc Investments in 1989 as a $100 million distressed debt investment fund organized in association with the Robert M. Bass Group.
In 1995, Mr. Lasry and Ms. Gardner started their first Avenue fund, Avenue Investments, with less than $10 million. This onshore fund has grown to $509 million as of December 31, 2012.
In 1997, Mr. Lasry and Ms. Gardner formed their second Avenue fund called Avenue International. This offshore fund attracts U.S. tax exempt and non-U.S. investors. As of December 31, 2012, Avenue International has $1,461 million in assets under management.
In 2012, The firm was featured in Maneet Ahuja’s book, The Alpha Masters: Unlocking the Genius of the World’s Top Hedge Funds.
Since its inception in 1995, Avenue has raised 13 private equity style investment funds across its three principal regions (US, Europe and Asia) to invest in distressed securities and real estate:
Avenue launched its Asian-focused distressed business in 1999.
In 2004, Avenue launched its European-focused distressed business with Rich Furst as the senior portfolio manager. While building distressed debt, the European branch of the firm also writes loans for small companies that are unable to obtain financing.
Ownership.
In October 2006, Morgan Stanley bought a non-controlling 15% stake in the firm. Marc Lasry and Sonia Gardner invested 100% of the proceeds they received from Morgan Stanley back into the Avenue funds.
Corporate Responsibility.
In 2012, Avenue Capital Group received an extraordinary performance award for the money raised by its employees. Avenue Capital Group raised over $100,000.
Avenue Capital Group served as a sponsor in 2010 and 2011 and, in July 2012 Avenue’s President, Sonia Gardner, hosted a breakfast on inMotion’s behalf to encourage other firms to participate.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20020595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020595" title="Socrates of Achaea">
Socrates of Achaea

Socrates (ca 436 BC – 401 BC) was a Greek mercenary general from Achaea who traveled to Persia to fight at the Battle of Cunaxa. Xenophon describes him as brave in war and a reliable friend. Socrates was summoned by Cyrus, with whom he was already connected, to bring as many troops as he could muster under the pretense that Cyrus intended to attack Tissaphernes. Socrates had previously been besieging Miletus alongside Pasion the Megarian. Socrates brought Cyrus about 500 Hoplites. Socrates and the other troops were only later told that Cyrus intended to seize the Persian throne from his brother Artaxerxes. Socrates fought at the Battle of Cunaxa and the Greek forces were able to drive the Persians into retreat, but Cyrus and his force faced heavy casualties and Cyrus himself was killed in battle.
With Cyrus dead, the Greek troops were left in limbo, trying to make arrangements to return home first with Ariaeus (Cyrus' good friend and second in command at the battle) and then with Tissaphernes ( the Persian general at the battle). Eventually Socrates and several other Greek generals were betrayed by Tissaphernes and Ariaeus. Socrates, along with Clearchus, Agis of Arcadia, Menon of Thessaly and Proxenus of Boeotia were summoned for a cordial meeting in the tent of Tissaphernes. They were seized and taken to Artaxerxes, where they were beheaded.

</doc>
<doc id="20020609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020609" title="Mirage of astronomical objects">
Mirage of astronomical objects

A mirage of an astronomical object is a naturally occurring optical phenomenon, in which light rays are bent to produce distorted or multiple images of an astronomical object. The mirages might be observed for such astronomical objects as the Sun, the Moon, the planets, bright stars and very bright comets. The most commonly observed are sunset and sunrise mirages.
Mirages versus refraction.
Mirages are distinguished from other refraction phenomena. One of the most prominent features of mirages is that a mirage might only produce images vertically, not sideways, while a simple refraction might distort and bend the images in any way. The distortion in both images displayed in this section was caused by refraction, but while the image on the left, which is a mirage, demonstrates only vertical, distortion, the image on the right demonstrates distortion in all the ways possible. It is easier to see the vertical direction of the mirage not even at the mirage of the Sun itself, but rather at the mirage of a sunspot. As a matter of fact it is at least a three-image mirage of a sunspot, and all these images show a clear vertical direction.
Inferior mirage of astronomical objects.
Inferior mirage of astronomical objects is the most common mirage. Inferior mirage occurs when the surface of the Earth or the oceans produces a layer of hot air of lower density, just at the surface. There are two images, the inverted one and the erect one, in inferior mirage.They both are displaced from the geometric direction to the actual object. While the erect image is setting, the inverted image appears to be rising from the surface.
The shapes of inferior mirage sunsets and sunrises stay the same for all inferior mirage sunsets and sunrises. One well-known shape, the Etruscan vase, was named by Jules Verne.
As the sunset progresses the shape of Etruscan vase slowly changes; the stem of the vase gets shorter until the real and the miraged Suns create a new shape – Greek letter omega Ω. The inferior mirage got its name because the inverted image appears
below the erect one.
The most common misconception of an inferior mirage is that an inexperienced observer describes a miraged image as a reflection, while in reality it is a refraction.
Here's how Jules Verne describes an inferior mirage sunset.
On very rare occasions the mirages of astronomical objects other than the Sun and the Moon might be observed. An apparent magnitude of an astronomical object should be low enough (that is, bright enough) in order to see it as not only a real object, but also a miraged one.
Mock mirage of astronomical objects.
A mock mirage of astronomical objects is much more complex than an inferior mirage. While an inferior mirage of astronomical objects can produce only two images, a mock mirage can produce multiple miraged images. The shapes of the miraged object are changing constantly and unpredictably. In order for a mock mirage to appear, the cooler air needs to be trapped below the inversion. Several inversion layers produce multiple pancake-like shapes.
Novaya Zemlya effect.
Due to a normal atmospheric refraction, sunrise occurs shortly before the Sun crosses above the horizon. Light from the Sun is bent, or refracted, as it enters earth's atmosphere. This effect causes the apparent sunrise to be earlier than the actual sunrise. Similarly, apparent sunset occurs slightly later than actual sunset.
In ordinary atmospheric conditions, the setting or rising Sun appears to be about half a degree above its geometric position. But sometimes, very unusual atmospheric circumstances can make it to be visible when it is really between two and five degrees below the horizon. This is called the Novaya Zemlya effect, because it was first observed in Novaya Zemlya, where the Sun was seen when, according to astronomical calculations, it should have been two degrees below the horizon.
However, it should be noted that due to changes in air pressure, relative humidity, and other quantities, the exact effects of atmospheric refraction on sunrise and sunset time cannot be predicted. Also note that this possible error increases with higher (closer to the poles) latitudes.
Novaya Zemlya is a polar region in Russia. The Novaya Zemlya effect is a mirage caused by high refraction of sunlight between atmospheric thermoclines. The Novaya Zemlya effect will give the impression that the sun is rising earlier than it actually should or the sun is setting later than it actually should.
Fridtjof Nansen wrote
It is possible to observe the Novaya Zemlya effect in any place, where the temperature variations are great enough to produce a high refraction.<br clear=all>
Green flash.
Green flash is a rare optical phenomenon that occurs during or shortly after set and during or before rise of a bright astronomical object, when a green spot is visible for a short period of time above a mirage of an astronomical object or its set/rise point.
Green flashes are enhanced by atmospheric inversions which increase the density gradient in the atmosphere, and therefore increase refraction. In other words, to see a green flash a mirage should be present.
Jules Verne described a green flash. 
Many tend to believe that seeing a green flash brings good luck.
Green flashes might be observed from any place with a low horizon. Deserts, oceans and ice shelves are probably the best places to observe mirages and therefore green flashes. It is easier not to miss a green flash during sunset than during sunrise. It is especially true regarding an inferior mirage green flash, when the timing should be just right to capture it at sunrise.
From the above observation it is clear that the author observed an inferior mirage green flash, when the much warmer surface of the desert with the help of the rising Sun was fighting the cool morning air, producing in the process a green flash – one of nature's great spectacles.
A green flash might be also seen with a rising or setting Moon.<br>
In the right conditions it is common to observe multiple green flashes during one mock mirage sunset.<br>Some claim they saw a green flash from Venus. This may be true, but it might be that a color of the setting or the rising planet is mistaken for a real green flash that is a by-product of a mirage.
Green rim.
As an astronomical object sets or rises, the light it emits travels through the atmosphere, which works as a prism separating the light into different colors. The color of the upper limb of an astronomical object could go from blue to green to violet depending on the decrease in concentration of pollutants as they spread throughout an increasing volume of atmosphere. The lower limb of an astronomical object is always red.<br>The green rim is very thin, and is difficult or impossible to see with the naked eye. In usual conditions a green rim of an astronomical object gets fainter, when an astronomical object is very low above the horizon because of atmospheric reddening, but sometimes the conditions are right to see a green rim just above the horizon. The following quote describes probably the longest green rim, which sometimes could have been green flash, observation. It was seen on and off for 35 long minutes by members of the Richard Evelyn Byrd party from the Little America exploration base.
Often the green rim of the setting Sun will change to a green flash and then back again to a green rim during the same sunset. The image below might be a good illustration of what members of the Richard Evelyn Byrd party from the Little America exploration base might have seen. However the solar disc is too bright at that time to use magnification such as binoculars or telescopes to look directly at the Sun. Of course a telescope or binoculars image can be projected on a sheet of paper for viewing. When the Sun gets closer to the horizon, the green rim gets fainter because of atmospheric reddening.
Although a green rim is present in every sunset, and a green flash is rare because it requires a mirage to be present, it is actually more common for people to have seen a green flash than the green rim.
<br clear = all>
Not a mirage.
The composite image on the left is made out of five frames of different sunsets. None of the images is a mirage. Frames # 1 and # 2 could fool even a very experienced observer. They do look like a mock mirage of the setting Sun, but they are not. Frames #3 and # 4 are clearly not a mirage. Frame # 5 is not a mirage and not even a sunspot, it is a spider with the Sun as a background. The strange shapes of the Sun in this composite is due to vog and clouds.
All kinds of atmospheric effects such as vog, clouds, smoke, smog and others could generate a mirage like appearance of an astronomical object.<br>Lens flares and ghost images also might be responsible for a false mirage or a false green flash.

</doc>
<doc id="20020613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020613" title="Herbert Clarke">
Herbert Clarke

Herbert James Clarke (10 April 1879 – 5 September 1956) was a British figure skater who competed in the 1924 Winter Olympics.
He was born in London.
In 1924 he finished tenth in the singles event.
Clarke was the president of the International Skating Union from 1945 to 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="20020615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020615" title="Bahá'í Faith in Bosnia and Herzegovina">
Bahá'í Faith in Bosnia and Herzegovina

The Bahá'í Faith in Bosnia and Herzegovina begins with mention by `Abdu'l-Bahá, then head of the religion, of Austria-Hungary which Bosnia and Herzegovina were part of at the time. Between the World Wars when Bosnia and Herzegovina were part of Yugoslavia, several members of Yugoslavian royalty had contact with prominent members of the religion. During the period of Communism in Yugoslavia, the first member of the Bahá'í Faith was in 1963 and the first Bahá'í Local Spiritual Assembly was formed in 1990. With the Yugoslavian civil war and separation into Bosnia and Herzegovina, the Bahá'ís had not elected a Bahá'í National Spiritual Assembly but do have a small population in a few regions in the country.
Early days.
Before 1918, the regions of Bosnia and Herzegovina were part of the Austrian-Hungarian Empire. `Abdu'l-Bahá, then head of the religion, wrote a series of letters, or tablets, to the members of the religion in the United States in 1916-1917; these letters were compiled together in the book "Tablets of the Divine Plan". The seventh of the tablets mentioned European regions and was written on April 11, 1916, but was delayed in being presented in the United States until 1919—after the end of the First World War and the Spanish flu. The seventh tablet was translated and presented on April 4, 1919, and published in "Star of the West" magazine on December 12, 1919 and mentioned Austria-Hungary. He says:
"In brief, this world-consuming war has set such a conflagration to the hearts that no word can describe it. In all the countries of the world the longing for universal peace is taking possession of the consciousness of men. There is not a soul who does not yearn for concord and peace. A most wonderful state of receptivity is being realized.… Therefore, O ye believers of God! Show ye an effort and after this war spread ye the synopsis of the divine teachings in the British Isles, France, Germany, Austria-Hungary, Russia, Italy, Spain, Belgium, Switzerland, Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Holland, Portugal, Rumania, Serbia, Montenegro, Bulgaria, Greece, Andorra, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, Monaco, San Marino, Balearic Isles, Corsica, Sardinia, Sicily, Crete, Malta, Iceland, Faroe Islands, Shetland Islands, Hebrides and Orkney Islands."
From 1918 to the 1990s Bosnia and Herzegovina were part of Yugoslavia. Before World War II Yugoslavia continued to be ruled by monarchs and among them there was awareness of the Bahá'í Faith. In July, 1938, Marie of Edinburgh, a member of the religion and Queen of Rumania, died. A message of condolence was communicated, in the name of all Bahá’í communities in East and West, to her daughter, Maria of Romania, then Queen of Yugoslavia, to which she replied expressing “sincere thanks to all of Bahá’u’lláh’s followers.” Later Princess Olga of Yugoslavia, on being informed of the death of Hand of the Cause Martha Root in 1939, remarked “She was so kind and gentle, and a real worker for peace. I am sure she will be sadly missed in her work.”
Following the disruption of World War II and oppression during the early period of communism (see for example what happened to the much larger Bahá'í community in Turkmenistan) the first member of the Bahá'í Faith in Yugoslavia was an isolated Bahá'í in Belgrade who converted to the religion in 1963.
Growth.
Since its inception the religion has had involvement in socio-economic development beginning by giving greater freedom to women, promulgating the promotion of female education as a priority concern, and that involvement was given practical expression by creating schools, agricultural coops, and clinics. The religion entered a new phase of activity when a message of the Universal House of Justice dated 20 October 1983 was released. Bahá'ís were urged to seek out ways, compatible with the Bahá'í teachings, in which they could become involved in the social and economic development of the communities in which they lived. World-wide in 1979 there were 129 officially recognized Bahá'í socio-economic development projects. By 1987, the number of officially recognized development projects had increased to 1482. However in the Soviet Block the Bahá'ís had all but disappeared. With the relaxation of the restrictions of Communism through Perestroyka, Yugoslavia's first Bahá'í Local Spiritual Assembly was established in November 1990 in Belgrade though the World Christian Encyclopedia maintained there were no Bahá'ís in the country then. By 1998 Yugoslavia was torn by civil war and did not have a Bahá'í National Spiritual Assembly. Activities increased with a burgeoning community of Bahá'ís. In 2001, Bahá'í youth gathered for a dance workshop (see Oscar DeGruy) in Zenica 
By 2003 Bahá’ís had organized Bosnia and Herzegovina into 17 subregions, and four of these contained at least one Bahá'í and a few Ruhi Institute study circles were operating. Despite this, the Association of Religion Data Archives (relying on World Christian Encyclopedia) still estimated there were no Bahá'ís in the country.
Modern community.
The small community of Baha'is of Bosnia and Herzegovina has continued to have a presence in events beyond the confines of the country. In November 2004 membership of Baha'i inspired General Assembly of the International Environment Forum lists one member. In February 2008 the government of Bosnia and Herzegovina aligned themselves with the declaration of the President of Slovenia on behalf of the European Union on the deteriorating situation of the Bahá'ís in Iran. See Persecution of Bahá'ís.

</doc>
<doc id="20020641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020641" title="Marc Lasry">
Marc Lasry

Marc Lasry is an American billionaire hedge fund manager and co-founder and chief executive officer of hedge fund Avenue Capital Group.
Early life and education.
Lasry was born in Marrakech, Morocco to a Moroccan-Jewish family. When he was seven, his family immigrated to the U.S. His father, Moise, was a computer programmer and his mother, Elise, was a schoolteacher. At night, his parents worked a second job selling Moroccan clothing to boutique stores. Lasry grew up in West Hartford, Connecticut and received a B.A. in history from Clark University in 1981 and a J.D. from New York Law School in 1984. His sister is Sonia Gardner with whom was founded Amroc Investments and Avenue Capital Group in 1989 and 1995, respectively. 
Career.
While in law school, Lasry worked as a clerk for the then Chief Bankruptcy Judge of the Southern District of New York Edward Ryan. After law school he worked as an attorney specializing in bankruptcy at the law firm Angel & Frankel. After one year, Lasry accepted a job as the director of the private debt department at the investment firm R.D. Smith (now Smith Vasillou Management). It was there he first got involved in trade claims. After earning $25 million for the firm in his first year and only receiving a $10,000 bonus, he left R.D. Smith and accepted a position as Co-Director of the Bankruptcy and Corporate reorganization Department at Cowen & Company. At Cowen & Company, Lasry recruited his sister Sonia Gardner, also an attorney, to join the firm to assist in the trade claims department. Lasry left Cowen & Company and joined the Robert M. Bass Group after he was approached by Robert Bass to manage a pool of capital focused on distressed investments.
In 1989, Lasry and his sister Sonia Gardner founded the distressed debt investment firm Amroc Investments with a $100 million in seed money from various investors. Amroc purchased both trade claims and bank debt held by vendors and suppliers to bankrupt and/or distressed companies. In 1995, Lasry and Gardner struck out on their own with $7 million of capital to found Avenue Capital Group, which initially focused on distressed debt and special situations primarily in the United States. Lasry and Gardner successfully expanded the firm’s investment focus to Europe and Asia and the siblings went on to build the hedge fund to over $11 billion in assets.
In 2013, Marc Lasry was being considered by Washington to be the next U.S. ambassador to France. However, such a move would have required him to divest his majority stake in Avenue and potentially sell all of his firm’s positions in France. As such, he decided to withdraw from consideration.
Philanthropy and political contributions.
In 2004, Lasry and his wife created a chair at the University of Pennsylvania to support a scholar and teacher in the School of Arts and Sciences. The couple also co-chairs the Penn Parent Leadership Committee, while Cathy sits on the School of Arts and Sciences Board of Overseers as well.
In 2005, Lasry and his wife donated $5 million to Clark University to build a new science center. University President John Bassett named the new science center the “Lasry Center for Bioscience”.
Lasry has served as a director of the 92nd Street Y and the Big Apple Circus and as a trustee of the Mount Sinai Medical Center. Lasry is a prominent donor to Democratic Party causes.
Personal life.
Lasry is married to Cathy Cohen who he met while in college. They have five children together, one of whom now works in the White House.
Lasry is a competitive athlete, especially in basketball and tennis.
He also continues to have a deep interest in comics.

</doc>
<doc id="20020653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020653" title="Eric Stefanson, Sr.">
Eric Stefanson, Sr.

Eric Stefanson (8 January 1913 – 3 February 1977) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons. He was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba and became an insurance agent and merchant by career.
Stefanson attended public school in Vestfold then high school in Winnipeg at Daniel MacIntyre Collegiate. From 1950 to 1957, he was a municipal councillor for Gimli and served for four years as deputy mayor there.
He was first elected at Manitoba's Selkirk riding in the 1958 general election then re-elected for successive terms in the 1962, 1963 and 1965 federal elections. In the 1968 election he was defeated at Selkirk by Ed Schreyer of the New Democratic Party.
After leaving federal politics, Stefanson became general manager of the Interlake Development Corporation in 1970, where he served until his sudden death in 1977.
His son, Eric Stefanson, was a member of Manitoba's legislature. 

</doc>
<doc id="20020658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020658" title="Ideal city">
Ideal city

An ideal city is the concept of a plan for a city that has been conceived in accordance with the dictates of some "rational" or "moral" objective. 
Concept.
The "ideal" nature of such a city may encompass the moral, spiritual and juridical qualities of citizenship as well as the ways in which these are realised through urban structures including buildings, street layout, etc. The ground plans of ideal cities are often based on grids (in imitation of Roman town planning) or other geometrical patterns. The ideal city is often an attempt to deploy Utopian ideals at the local level of urban configuration and living space and amenity rather than at the culture- or civilisation-wide level of the classical Utopias such as St Thomas More's.
History.
Several attempts to develop ideal city plans are known from the Renaissance, and appear from the second half of the fifteenth century. The concept dates at least from the period of Plato, whose "Republic" is a philosophical exploration of the notion of the 'ideal city'. The nobility of the Renaissance, seeking to imitate the qualities of Classical civilisation, sometimes sought to construct such ideal cities either in reality or notionally through a reformation of manners and culture.
Examples.
Examples of the ideal cities include Filarete's "Sforzinda", a description of which was included in his "Trattato di Architettura" (c. 1465). The city of Sforzinda was laid out within an eight-pointed star inscribed within a circular moat. Further examples may have been intended to have been read into the so-called "Urbino" and "Baltimore" panels (second half of the fifteenth century), which show Classically influenced architecture disposed in logically planned piazzas. 
James Oglethorpe synthesized Classical and Renaissance concepts of the ideal city with new Enlightenment ideals of scientific planning, harmony in design, and social equality in his plan for the Province of Carolina. The physical design component of the famous Oglethorpe Plan remains preserved in the Savannah Historic District.
Late nineteenth-century examples of the ideal city include the Garden city movement of Sir Ebenezer Howard, realised at Letchworth Garden City and Welwyn Garden City in England. Poundbury, Prince Charles' architectural vision established in Dorset, is among the most recent examples of ideal city planning.

</doc>
<doc id="20020678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020678" title="Thomas Alexander Parrott">
Thomas Alexander Parrott

Thomas Alexander Parrott (November 27, 1914 - June 14, 2007) was an American Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) officer.
Personal.
He was born at Fort Sam Houston in Texas, the son of Lt. Col. Roger Sheffield Parrott (1883 in Ohio – ?) and Mary B. Parrott (1884 in North Dakota – ?). He graduated from high school in Princeton, New Jersey and then graduated from Princeton University in 1936. He died of a heart attack at his home in Washington, D.C.
Military career.
He served in the United States Army during World War II in North Africa and Italy, earning the
Soldier's Medal and Legion of Merit, retiring as a Colonel from the U.S. Army Reserve.
CIA career.
He served as Deputy Chief of the Soviet Division of the Clandestine Services Unit of the CIA, then as a base chief in Germany and then as assistant to Director Allen Dulles. In 1962 he was assigned to the White House during the Cuban Missile Crisis. He retired from the CIA in 1973.
Family.
He and wife Barbara had three children, son Tommy Parrott died in 1957 and daughters Cynthia and Susan.

</doc>
<doc id="20020681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020681" title="Woodstock (Upper Marlboro, Maryland)">
Woodstock (Upper Marlboro, Maryland)

Woodstock is a -story historic home located at Upper Marlboro, Prince George's County, Maryland, United States. The home is an outstanding example of a mid-19th-century plantation house with decorative elements in the Greek Revival style. The main block was probably built in the early 1850s by Washington Custis Calvert. The home is in the Tidewater house style. 
Woodstock was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="20020683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020683" title="John Davies (translator)">
John Davies (translator)

John Davies (25 May 1625 – 1693) was a Welsh translator and writer.
Life.
Davies was born in Kidwelly in Carmarthenshire, Wales and was educated in Carmarthen before entering Jesus College, Oxford in 1641. He moved to St John's College, Cambridge in 1646, during the English Civil War, and met the poet John Hall, later writing a preface to Hall's book of essays. Davies acquired through Hall a Latin manuscript of "The Ancient Rites, and Monuments of the Monastical, Cathedral Church of Durham"; he proceeded to translate this and it was published in 1672, dedicated to James Mickleton of Durham. Davies learned French during his years abroad; on his return, after the Restoration, he wrote "The civil warres of Great Britain and Ireland: containing an exact history of their occasion, originall, progress, and happy end" (1661, Scottish edition 1664). He translated various works from French, Spanish and Latin, some being practical works, others being novels and histories. He was buried in the church in Kidwelly on 22 July 1693.

</doc>
<doc id="20020685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020685" title="Beyond the Tesseract">
Beyond the Tesseract

Beyond the Tesseract is a text based adventure game developed in 1983 by David Lo for the TRS-80. The game was notable for its unique take on the genre and approach to mathematical entities and abstract concepts.
In one section the player must navigate a text adventure game, inside the text adventure game. In another the player, while asleep, derives a proof using physical representations of various symbolic logic components.
The game is intentionally vague using a VERB NOUN gameplay mechanic with a vocabulary of just 200.
In 1988 the game was ported to Atari ST, MS-DOS and Solaris environments and, in 2003, to interactive fiction standard of machine-independent Z-code.

</doc>
<doc id="20020692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020692" title="Marcus Nikkanen">
Marcus Nikkanen

Marcus Rafael Nikkanen (January 26, 1904 – March 28, 1985) was a Finnish figure skater. He was the 1930 European bronze medalist and the 1933 World bronze medalist. He represented Finland at the 1928 Winter Olympics, at the 1932 Winter Olympics, and the 1936 Winter Olympics. He placed sixth in 1928, fourth in 1932, and seventh in 1936.
He was born and died in Helsinki.

</doc>
<doc id="20020694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020694" title="45th Fighter Squadron">
45th Fighter Squadron

The 45th Fighter Squadron (45 FS) is a United States Air Force Reserve unit. It is assigned to the Air Force Reserve Command's (AFRC) 924th Fighter Group and stationed at Davis-Monthan Air Force Base, Arizona. The squadron currently flies the A-10 Thunderbolt.
History.
World War II.
The history of the 45th Fighter Squadron goes back to 22 November 1940, when the War Department constituted the 45th Pursuit Squadron (Fighter). The unit was activated at Wheeler Field, Hawaii on 1 December 1940, where they served as part of the 15th Pursuit Group in defense of Hawaii.
When the Japanese launched their surprise attack on Pearl Harbor on 7 December 1941, the 45th suffered heavy losses, as did the other squadrons in the 15th Group. Two-thirds of the P-36 and P-40 aircraft at Wheeler Field were destroyed on the ground. Earlier, the planes had been stripped of ammunition and fuel, and taken out of their protective earthen revetments because of potential for sabotage in these protected but difficult-to-see areas. Parked in the open, the planes were easy targets for the Japanese pilots as they strafed and bombed the field.
Everyone on the ground scrambled for cover as the field was being hit, while at the same time pilots were trying to get their planes off the ground without too much success. However, Lieutenants George Welch and Kenneth Taylor, two pilots from the 47th Pursuit Squadron whose planes were at Haleiwa Field at the time, were able to get their Curtis P-40B Tomahawks into the air soon after the attack began. Although outnumbered, they still managed to shoot down six Japanese planes.
Meanwhile, Captain Aaron Tyler, commander of the 45th at Wheeler, ordered his crews to pull out all the undamaged planes they could find and have them fueled and armed. Less than a dozen aircraft were available, but the pilots who were selected to fly wasted no time boarding their planes. They quickly took off, hoping to tangle with the Japanese fighters. After searching the area for almost an hour, all they saw as they flew over Pearl Harbor were the burning ships and immense damage. By this time, the Japanese planes were long gone, having already headed back to their carrier at sea.
In the days following the attack on Pearl Harbor, the pilots and ground personnel of the 45th had the job of cleaning up the mess at Wheeler Field. Among the first things they did was put the remaining aircraft back into their revetments. After moving their flight operations to different fields in Hawaii, the 45th was back in the air conducting daily air defense patrols over the islands. These long flights put a heavy toll on the P-36s and P-40Bs that the pilots flew, so they requested new aircraft. The pilots soon received new P-40E Warhawks and the tricycled-gear P-39 Airacobra.
On 12 February 1942, the squadron was redesignated the 45th Pursuit Squadron (Interceptor). Although the 45th still had as its primary mission the conducting of aerial patrols, it was also given the duties of conducting combat training for pilots. Three months later, on 15 May 1942, the term "pursuit" was dropped and the squadron was redesignated the 45th Fighter Squadron. Over the next two years, the squadron would be involved primarily with combat training, and the job of air defense would take on a secondary role.
The 45th was sent to the Central Pacific in 1943 for combat operations against Japanese forces. Then, on 6 April 1944, the squadron returned to Mokuleia Field, Hawaii, and began training for very-long-range (VLR) bomber escort missions. By this time, the pilots in the squadron were flying Republic P-47 Thunderbolts. Later in the year they would acquire the longer range North American P-51 Mustangs.
In January 1945, the 45th was ordered into combat, along with the other assigned squadrons in the 15th group. It left Hawaii for Saipan in the Marianas Islands, staying there until the Marines on Iwo Jima could secure a landing strip.
The first squadron to arrive at Iwo Jima was the 47th Fighter Squadron on the morning of 6 March, with the 45th landing the next day. They supported Marine ground units by bombing and strafing cave entrances, trenches, troop concentrations, and storage areas. Before the month was over, the 45th began strikes against enemy airfields, shipping and military installations in the Bonin Islands.
Flying its first VLR mission to Japan on 7 April 1945, the 45th provided fighter escort for the Boeing B-29 Superfortresses that attacked the Nakajima aircraft plant near Tokyo. In late April and early May that year, the 45th struck airfields on the Japanese home island of Kyushu to hold back the enemy's Kamikaze attacks against the American invasion force on Okinawa. The squadron also attacked enemy troop trains, small factories, gun positions, and hangars in the Bonin Islands and Japan.
During the summer of 1945, the 45th was assigned to the Twentieth Air Force and continued its fighter sweeps against Japanese airfields and other tactical targets. It continued to fly long-range B-29 escort missions to Japanese cities until the end of the war. After the Japanese surrender, the squadron remained on Iwo Jima until 25 November 1945, when it transferred to Bellows Field, Hawaii. On 8 February 1946, the squadron moved to Wheeler Field, where it stayed until inactivated on 15 October 1946.
Air Defense Command.
The squadron was redesignated the 45th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron and was activated on 1 November 1952 at Suffolk County Air Force Base, New York and assigned to the 4709th Defense Wing of the Air Defense Command (ADC). It assumed the mission, personnel and North American F-86 Sabres of the 118th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron, which had been called to active duty for the Korean War. The 118th was returned to the control of the Connecticut Air National Guard. In February 1953 Air Defense Command reorganized its dispersed fighter bases and the 45th was assigned to the 519th Air Defense Group, which was activated to control operational and support elements at Suffolk County. Its primary mission was in defending the American east coast from any Soviet threats.
North Africa.
The squadron had a short ADC commitment, however, as they were transferred to United States Air Forces Europe (USAFE) in French Morocco, North Africa. On 25 May 1953, the squadron left Suffolk County AFB and flew all their aircraft over to Sidi Slimane Air Base, which was a Strategic Air Command (SAC) base. Making stops along the way, the squadron arrived at Sidi Slimane on 28 May. The base was shared with rotating bomber groups that flew Boeing B-47 Stratojet medium-range bombers.
Now part of the Seventeenth Air Force, the squadron was attached to the Air Defense Division, Provisional on 8 June 1953. A short time later, on 18 September 1953, they were assigned to the 316th Air Division. The primary mission of the 45th at Sidi Slimane was flying air defense patrols off the coast of Morocco and around the Atlas mountains to the east. Pilots also took turns on alert duty in case an unidentified aircraft was spotted on radar coming towards French Morocco.
The squadron was redesignated 45th Fighter-Day Squadron on 8 October 1954. The pilots in the 45th FDS continued to fly the F-86F Sabre until March 1956, when they received new F-100C Super Sabres. Defense patrols were still carried out by the 45th until the end of December 1957. On 8 January 1958, the squadron was inactivated again.
Tactical Air command.
On 17 April 1962, the squadron was redesignated 45th Tactical Fighter Squadron and organized. They organized on 8 May at MacDill Air Force Base, Florida, a former Strategic Air Command base now under Tactical Air Command (TAC), and was assigned to the 12th Tactical Fighter Wing. It was transferred to the 15th Tactical Fighter Wing at MacDill on 1 July 1962. The 45th flew F-84F Thunderstreaks for two years while at MacDill, then in 1964 received McDonnell Douglas F-4 Phantom IIs. The mission of the squadron was conducting combat crew training, and they took part in many exercises, flight operations, and readiness tests. During the Cuban Missile Crisis in October 1962, the squadron temporarily reorganized as a combat-capable unit ready to strike Cuba if necessary. After the crisis was over, the squadron returned to its training mission.
In 1965, the 45th was sent from their home base at MacDill to Southeast Asia. Under the command of Colonel William A. Alden, they arrived at Ubon Royal Thai Air Force Base in Thailand on 4 April. The 45th was the first F-4 Phantom II unit to arrive in Southeast Asia. It achieved another first a little over three months later, when on 10 July 1965, two F-4C Phantoms from the 45th shot down two North Vietnamese MiG-17s. This was the first United States Air Force aerial victory of the Vietnam War. Captain Thomas Roberts was the pilot of one of the F-4s, and Captain Ronald Anderson was his backseat Weapon Systems Officer (WSO). Captain Kenneth Holcombe with Captain Arthur Clark as WSO piloted the other F-4.
The 45th left Ubon on 10 August 1965, and returned to MacDill. For the next five years they would serve as a replacement training unit (RTU) for F-4 pilots headed to SEA. On 1 October 1970, the 15th Tactical Fighter Wing was inactivated and the 1st Tactical Fighter Wing, which was formerly at Hamilton Air Force Base in California, took its place at MacDill. The 45th was assigned to the 1st TFW and continued its role as a training unit until it was inactivated on 1 July 1971.
Air Force Reserve.
On 1 October 1973, the 45th Tactical Fighter Squadron was reactivated and assigned to the Air Force Reserve's (AFRES) 434th Tactical Fighter Wing at Grissom Air Force Base, Indiana. For the next eight years they would fly the A-37 Dragonfly, an upgraded version of the T-37 Tweet jet trainer with more performance and armament capabilities.
In 1981 the squadron transitioned to the A-10 Thunderbolt II, affectionately called the "Warthog" by those who flew it. On 1 July 1987, the squadron was reassigned to the 930th Tactical Fighter Group at Grissom, which became the 930th Operations Group. As an Air Force Reserve unit, the 940 TFG still flew the A-10. On 1 February 1992, the squadron was redesignated 45th Fighter Squadron. Known as the "Hoosier Hogs," the pilots of the 45th flew their missions up until September 1994. The squadron was inactivated on 1 October 1994.
On 1 November 2009, the unit was reactivated as an Air Force Reserve Command (AFRC) A-10 unit and assigned to Davis-Monthan AFB.

</doc>
<doc id="20020702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020702" title="Emilcin Abduction">
Emilcin Abduction

Emilcin Abduction was a supposed alien abduction of farmer, Jan Wolski in May 1978. There was little media attention at the time. A monument was subsequently erected in Emilcin, People's Republic of Poland, at the site where the abduction is said to have taken place.
Background.
Jan Wolski (; 29 May 1907 – 8 January 1990) was out driving a horse-drawn cart early on 10 May 1978 when he says he was jumped by two "short, green-faced humanoid entities" about tall. The two beings jumped onto Wolski's cart and, according to Wolski, sat next to him and started to speak in an strange language. Originally he had mistaken them for foreigners because of their "slanted eyes and prominent cheekbones." Wolski drove his cart, with the two beings aboard, to a clearing where he says a large object was hovering.
The craft.
According to Wolski, a purely white unidentified flying object, about – in height and "as long as a bus," hovered in the air at an altitude of about . There were no notable external features of the craft (i.e. lights, joints, etc.). Wolski mentioned that there were four objects on the craft made of a black material that appeared to be drill-like in appearance, which generated a humming sound. An elevator-like platform attached to the hovering craft descended to the ground. (Artist's Rendition 1 2)
Wolski then claims that he was taken aboard the ship with two additional entities he met near the flying object. He was then gestured to "dress down" (take off his clothes). There were about eight or ten benches situated around the craft, each the size for one person to sit in. There were some rooks in front of the door which was moving its legs and wings but seemed to be immobilizied. Wolski claims that he was then examined with a tool that resembled two dishes or "saucers." After this, he was ordered to redress, and it was then that he noticed there were no lights or windows on the craft, only the daylight coming through the craft's door. Entities ate and offered him something like iciciles him but he refused. The craft's interior was described as black with a greyish tint, similar to that of the creatures' outfits.
Aftermath.
Afterwards, Wolski returned home to his family and notified them of what had just happened, urging them to come see the floating craft. He notified his sons who called to other neighbours, and together they went to investigate the site. The grass where the craft had been had signs of usage in it, being "trodden down covered with dew and paths coming in all directions." Wolski returned home, leaving the rest of the neighbours and family at the site. Wolski's sons claim that there were footprints left behind by the beings, though they did not detail whether the footprints were larger or smaller than their own.
A six-year-old boy claims to have witnessed a bus-like craft hover over a barn, then climb high into the sky and vanish.
Wolski explained these memories in an interview with Henryk Pomorski and Krystyna Adamczyk in July 1978, two months following the incident. The audio tape of the interview was kept in a private archive for a long time before being released to the public.
Memorial.
In 2005, a memorial was constructed in Emilcin at to commemorate the alien abduction of Jan Wolski. The text in Polish, read: "On 10 May 1978 in Emilcin an UFO object landed. The truth will astonish us in the future".

</doc>
<doc id="20020707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020707" title="John Bessler">
John Bessler

John Bessler is a visiting professor of law at the University of Baltimore School of Law and the spouse of U.S. Senator Amy Klobuchar. 
Bessler attended Mankato Loyola High School and received his B.A. from the University of Minnesota, J.D. from Indiana University School of Law, M.F.A. from Hamline University and his M.St. from Oxford University. 
Bessler previously taught at the University of Minnesota Law School, where he specialized in death penalty issues and is considered a "leading authority", having written three books on the subject. Two of those books, "Death in the Dark: Midnight Executions in America" and "Legacy of Violence: Lynch Mobs and Executions in Minnesota" were "Minnesota Book Award" finalists. He also authored "Writing for Life".
In addition, Bessler clerked for U.S. Magistrate Judge John M. Mason of the District of Minnesota, practiced law as a partner at Kelly & Berens, P.A., studied international human rights law at Oxford University and wrote articles for the "Indiana Law Journal" and the "Arkansas Law Review".

</doc>
<doc id="20020722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020722" title="Angelo State University College of Business">
Angelo State University College of Business

The Angelo State University College of Business is a college at Angelo State University in San Angelo, Texas. Three departments are housed within the college: the Department of Accounting, Economics and Finance, the Department Aerospace Studies, and the Department of Management and Marketing.
The Angelo State University College of Business is in the process obtaining AACSB accreditation, an elite accrediting agency. Less than 15% of business schools achieve AACSB accreditation.
The Aerospace Studies Department is home to the Air Force Reserve Officer Training Corps (ROTC) Detachment 847. Established in 1971 the detachment has graduated over 500 2nd Lieutenants. The detachment at ASU has been recognized as one of the best in the nation.
Center for Economic Education.
The Center for Economic Education at Angelo State University was founded in 1975. Its primary purpose is to help raise economic literacy in public school teachers in Texas. It is affiliated with the Texas Council on Economic Education and the National Council on Economic Education. It offers workshops, seminars, and conferences to assist teachers in teaching economic principles in Texas public schools.
Angelo State Small Business Development Center.
The Angelo State Small Business Development Center was established in 1990 with the goal of helping entrepreneurs start their businesses with education, training and information and to help existing small businesses grow and become more successful. The center employs certified business advisor's in such areas as certified business advisor's in such areas as business planning, finance, marketing, human resources and financial analysis. The Center provides these services to a ten county region of West Texas

</doc>
<doc id="20020763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020763" title="Sydney New Year's Eve 2004–05">
Sydney New Year's Eve 2004–05

Sydney New Year's Eve 2004–05 was the 10th Sydney New Year's Eve held at Sydney Harbour on the evening of 31 December 2004 and in the early hours of 1 January 2005. The Nine Network broadcast the event for their tenth consecutive year, the same amount of time Richard Wilkins had hosted it for at the time. The theme was previously revealed to be "Reflections" with fireworks once again produced by Foti International Fireworks. This was Leo Schofield's third and final year as creative director. He was succeeded by Wayne Harrison.

</doc>
<doc id="20020767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020767" title="Kondoa District">
Kondoa District

Kondoa District is one of the five districts of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. It is bordered to the south by Dodoma Rural District, and to the southeast by Kongwa District.
, the population of the Kondoa District was 429,824.
The Kondoa Irangi Rock Paintings are found in this district.
Wards.
The Dodoma Rural District is administratively divided into thirty-five wards:

</doc>
<doc id="20020771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020771" title="Read Between the Lines (DVD)">
Read Between the Lines (DVD)

Read Between the Lines is a live DVD by the rock group Boys Like Girls. It was released on November 4, 2008 and directed by Doug Spangenberg. It features songs from their debut eponymous album. It also features a documentary of the band on the road.

</doc>
<doc id="20020791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020791" title="List of Japanese supercentenarians">
List of Japanese supercentenarians

These are lists of Japanese supercentenarians (people from Japan who have attained the age of at least 110 years), according to the Gerontology Research Group. There have been 282 verified supercentenarians from Japan. As of , there are 23 verified living supercentenarians, 17 pending, and 1 unverified in Japan, the oldest of whom is Misao Okawa, aged . Okawa also currently holds the title of the World's oldest living person. The oldest person ever from Japan was Tane Ikai, who died in 1995, aged 116 years, 175 days.
Living Japanese supercentenarians.
Below is a list of the oldest living people from Japan. Those listed as verified have been validated by an international body that specifically deals in longevity research, such as the Gerontology Research Group. Those listed as pending have provided at least one document supporting the reported age but not the three necessary for validation. Those that are unverified have provided no documents to support the age claimed.
Japanese supercentenarians.
Below is a list of Japanese supercentenarians, both living and dead. The lifespans of those listed as verified have been validated by the Gerontology Research Group. The lifespans of those listed as pending are backed by at least one document supporting the reported age, but not the three necessary for validation by the GRG. Those listed as age disputed have been verified by the GRG, but evidence has come to light that suggests that they may have been younger than the age given on this page.
Oldest living Japanese by prefecture.
This is a list of the oldest living people in Japan by prefecture as reported by official prefecture reports
Oldest Japanese person by prefecture.
This is a list of the oldest people from each prefecture, note that the list contains the oldest Japanese supercentenarian by prefecture of birth.
Limbo cases.
Limbo cases refer to supercentenarians who have been validated or pending by the GRG but whose death date is unknown. There have been 43 limbo cases from Japan.
People.
Ura Koyama.
Ura Koyama (小山 ウラ "Koyama Ura", 30 August 1890 – 5 April 2005) of Iizuka became the oldest person in Japan upon the death of Mitoyo Kawate in November 2003. On 5 April 2005, she died of pneumonia at a hospital in Iizuka,as the 4th oldest person in the world.
Tsuneyo Toyonaga.
Before her death, Toyonaga was living in the town of Tano in the Kōchi Prefecture on the island of Shikoku.
Tase Matsunaga.
Matsunaga was born in Kiyosato in the Niigata prefecture though soon moved to Tokyo. She was originally a farmer. She moved from Tokyo, where she lived with her daughter, to Mutsumien in 1983.
She was still gardening when she was 112, but she was mostly bedridden after that. On July 31, 1998, she became the oldest recognized living person in Japan. Later that same year she died, aged 114 years 191 days, of heart failure. Following her death, Yasu Akino became the oldest person in Japan.

</doc>
<doc id="20020812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020812" title="Bumbuta">
Bumbuta

Bumbuta is an administrative ward in the Kondoa district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 14,112.

</doc>
<doc id="20020813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020813" title="Takers">
Takers

Takers (formerly known as "Bone Deep") is a 2010 American crime action thriller film directed by John Luessenhop from a story and screenplay written by Luessenhop, Gabriel Casseus, Peter Allen, John Rogers, and Avery Duff. It features an ensemble cast that includes Matt Dillon, Chris Brown, Idris Elba, T.I., Jay Hernandez, Paul Walker, Hayden Christensen, and Zoë Saldaña. The film was released on August 27, 2010.
The film follows a group of professional bank robbers (Michael Ealy, Chris Brown, Hayden Christensen, Paul Walker, Idris Elba) who specialize in spectacular robberies, as they are pulled into one last job by a recently paroled cohort (T.I.) only to be pitted against a hard-boiled detective (Matt Dillon) and his partner (Jay Hernandez) who interrupt their heist.
Plot.
Two detectives, Jack Welles (Matt Dillon) and Eddie Hatcher (Jay Hernandez), investigate a daring heist by a group of well-organized bank robbers. The crew, led by Gordon Cozier (Idris Elba), consists of John (Paul Walker), A.J. (Hayden Christensen), and brothers Jake (Michael Ealy) and Jesse (Chris Brown) Attica. The crew is without a former member, Ghost (T.I.), who was caught during a previous robbery 5 years ago. In his absence, Jake has begun a relationship with his former girlfriend Lilly (Zoe Saldana), who has accepted his proposal.
Ghost surprises the crew after getting paroled. He insists he harbors no ill feelings toward the crew for abandoning him and draws them into a heist of an armored car for a $20 million payoff. The crew tells him that they will not do the job unless there is a solid plan, and Ghost agrees. Meanwhile, Welles leads a raid on a Russian gang hideout, and finds evidence of a large heist being planned. Ghost is linked to the gangsters when his name turns up amongst the evidence at the hideout, as he had made ties with the Russian gangsters while in prison. Welles goes to find Ghost, and follows him to a meeting with Gordon, John, and Jesse, running the licence plate on Gordon's Range Rover and getting his information.
The crew meets to plan the heist, in which it is discovered that two trucks will travel together but that all the money is kept in the lead truck with the rear providing officers for back-up and perhaps providing a decoy function as well. The plan is to explode a crater-like hole on a city street causing the lead truck containing the $20 million to plummet into an underground tunnel connected to the sewer system to provide for a getaway. Ghost poses as a traffic cop to redirect all traffic save for the armored trucks, which he directs to the target point. Meanwhile, to cover themselves in case Ghost is setting them up, John (Walker) heads to the top of a nearby garage to take out Ghost with a sniper rifle in case things go sour. The armored trucks are late but moments before John shoots Ghost, they finally show up, having been detained in traffic. The trucks are directed down the street towards the planned explosion point but stop short because of a bicyclist in the road. The blast, having been perfectly timed to the time the trucks had turned the last corner, occurs too far forward because the lead driver had stopped short to avoid the bicyclist, and the ruse is up. The lead driver radios the police while armed guards pile out of the rear truck.
A gunfight ensued between the robbers in the crater and the guards on the street until John, coming down from his sniping position, commandeers the rear truck, and rams the lead truck into the crater, before driving into the crater himself. John and the other robbers pack the cash into bags and flee by heading down a variety of different tunnels with the plan of connecting into various subway lines to make their escape.
Welles and Hatcher show up on the scene and, after learning of the robber's escape through the sewer system, remembers a map of the city subway system from the Russian gang hideout, and deduces that they must be escaping through the stations marked on the map where the sewers intersect the subway. They rush to the nearest station where they find Jesse, and a chase ensues, during which Jesse (Brown) is cornered and is forced to shoot Detective Hatcher in his escape. Jesse escapes, while Welles stops to aid his partner, who dies from his wound.
Jesse reconvenes with the rest of the crew at a hotel room and admits to the shooting of Hatcher and this almost results in a confrontation between Jesse and Gordon. It is now revealed that Ghost had previously cut a deal with the Russian gangsters to kill his former crewmates in exchange for half of the heist's take. Ghost gives the Russians the hotel room number, then escapes out the bathroom window, just before the Russians storm the room and attempt to kill the crew. A.J. dies in the ensuing firefight, but the rest of the crew is able to kill the Russians and flee the building before the police arrive. Jake and Jesse return home where, to his horror, Jake finds Lilly's lifeless body. The police surround their home and shoot the two when they make a suicide charge outside.
Gordon and John separate to make their escape but realize Ghost intends to take all of their money, which is being held by Scott (Johnathon Schaech), a well-connected fence. Ghost sneaks onto Scott's private plane and kills him, taking their laundered money in two large suitcases. Gordon and Detective Welles arrive and a three-way Mexican standoff results in which Ghost hits both Gordon and Welles. As Ghost prepares to finish off Gordon, John arrives and shoots him dead. He and an injured Gordon take the money and drive off, with Gordon's sister Naomi (Marianne Jean-Baptiste) in tow. A gravely-wounded Welles manages to call 911 for help on his cell phone.
As John and Gordon drive off, John asks Gordon "Are we good?" and Gordon replies by saying "All signs point to it." (a reoccurring dialogue between the two characters, usually used before a job). The film ends without revealing whether either Gordon or Welles survive their injuries.
Critical reception.
"Takers" received negative reviews from critics, garnering a 27%, or 4.5/10 rating, on review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes, with the site's consensus being "Takers boasts some gripping set pieces and keeps things moving quickly, but its two-dimensional characters, clichéd script, and brazenly derivative plot make it hard to recommend." Yahoo Movies critics gave the movie an average C grade saying, "Takers is almost a good little heist movie."
Author Stephen King, in his end of the year Entertainment Weekly column, listed it at #5 of his best films of 2010. He says that "the climax does strain credulity, but the characters feel real & the armored-car heist is the best action sequence in 2010" (EW 12/3/10 page 26).
Box office.
The film was number one at the box office during its opening weekend, making $20,512,304. Takers made its US debut on approximately 2,600 screens at 2,206 locations. According to Box Office Mojo, "The heist thriller tripled the start of "Armored", and it came in only a bit behind last summer's higher-profile "The Taking of Pelham 123". Its initial attendance was also nearly 50 percent greater than similar titles like "Dead Presidents", and "Street Kings"." Takers was made available on Blu-ray Disc and DVD on January 18, 2011.
Awards & Nominations.
BET Awards
Black Reel Awards
California on Location Awards
NAACP Image Awards

</doc>
<doc id="20020819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020819" title="Busi (Tanzanian ward)">
Busi (Tanzanian ward)

Busi is an administrative ward in the Kondoa district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 20,152.

</doc>
<doc id="20020824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020824" title="Youth Oriented">
Youth Oriented

Youth Oriented is an album by the jazz trio Happy Apple. It featured Dave King on drums, Michael Lewis on sax and Erik Fratzke on bass guitar. It was released in 2003 on Sunnyside Communications via Universal Music Jazz in the nato bear series.

</doc>
<doc id="20020825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020825" title="Rayward-Shepherd House">
Rayward-Shepherd House

The Rayward-Shepherd House, also known as Tirranna and as the John L. Rayward House, was designed by renowned architect Frank Lloyd Wright and built in New Canaan, Connecticut in 1955 for Joyce and John Rayward. Although commissioned by the Raywards, Herman R. Shepherd completed the design after purchasing it in 1964. William Allin Storrer credits Shepherd's actions with salvaging the house, repairing the poor work that Storrer attributes to John Rayward's "constant pursuit of the lowest bid."
“Tirranna” is an Australian aboriginal word meaning “running waters” – an apt name for this spectacular residence. Located right on a pond just off the Noroton River, it features elaborate land and water-scaping. Built of standard concrete block (not Wright's more typical textile block), glass, and Colorundum flooring, and trimmed with Philippine mahogany, most of the house conforms to a hemicycle plan. Its living/dining wing overlooks a pool which steps down to a pond and extensive landscaped gardens, designed by Frank Okamura, landscape architect for the Brooklyn Botanic Garden. Charles Middeleer, a notable local landscape architect, also contributed to the landscape design.
The Rayward House includes a later (1958) extension by Taliesin Associated Architects, featuring an observatory above the master bedroom dressing room, as well as a playhouse for the Raywards’ daughters, Victoria and Jennifer (1957), also designed by TAA, which echoes the hemicycle form of the main house. 

</doc>
<doc id="20020828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020828" title="Leo Rutman">
Leo Rutman

Leo Rutman is an American author and playwright. His novels are generally set in New York City during the twentieth century.
Rutman has received playwriting awards from Yale University, Brandeis University, and Columbia University. His published and produced plays include "They Got Jack", "Jesus is a Junkie", and "Where is Che Guevara?".

</doc>
<doc id="20020829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020829" title="Pahi (Tanzanian ward)">
Pahi (Tanzanian ward)

Pahi (Tanzanian ward) is an administrative ward in the Kondoa district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 20,152.

</doc>
<doc id="20020833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020833" title="Haubi">
Haubi

Haubi is an administrative ward in the Kondoa district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 12,894.
Haubi is a little village less than 1 km from Haubi Catholic Mission Station. There are no public water or electricity there. The lake Haubi has been investigated as a natural historical archive. It contains for instance sediments from the Haubi badlands = bad erosion. 
Pictures can be found on Panoramio of Lake and Badlands.

</doc>
<doc id="20020837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020837" title="Kalamba">
Kalamba

Kalamba is an administrative ward in the Kondoa district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 12,770.

</doc>
<doc id="20020842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020842" title="Mondo (Tanzanian ward)">
Mondo (Tanzanian ward)

Mondo is an administrative ward in the Kondoa district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 9,476.

</doc>
<doc id="20020845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020845" title="Wallis Pang">
Wallis Pang

Wallis Pang (born in 26 August 1973) was once an actress with Television Broadcasts Limited, who first came into fame in Files of Justice. She is popularly known for her role Ah Jing in A Kindred Spirit, in which she was paired with Lap San, played by Marco Lo. She was once one of the Five Beauty of TVB. She is no longer active in acting.

</doc>
<doc id="20020854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020854" title="Dalai (Tanzanian ward)">
Dalai (Tanzanian ward)

Dalai is an administrative ward in the Kondoa district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 13,115.

</doc>
<doc id="20020858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020858" title="Jangalo">
Jangalo

Jangalo is an administrative ward in the Kondoa district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 21,432.

</doc>
<doc id="20020862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020862" title="Mrijo">
Mrijo

Mrijo is an administrative ward in the Kondoa district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 12,950.

</doc>
<doc id="20020863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020863" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 96">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 96

The 96th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Lancaster County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="20020866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020866" title="Chandama">
Chandama

Chandama is an administrative ward in the Kondoa district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 24,143.

</doc>
<doc id="20020870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020870" title="Goima">
Goima

Goima is an administrative ward in the Kondoa district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 20,309.

</doc>
<doc id="20020872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020872" title="Chemba">
Chemba

Chemba is an administrative ward in the Kondoa district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 11,831.

</doc>
<doc id="20020875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020875" title="Paranga, Tanzania">
Paranga, Tanzania

Paranga is an administrative ward in the Kondoa district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 12,748.

</doc>
<doc id="20020879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020879" title="Gwandi">
Gwandi

Gwandi is an administrative ward in the Kondoa district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 6.354.

</doc>
<doc id="20020881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020881" title="Farkwa">
Farkwa

Farkwa is an administrative ward in the Kondoa district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 9,110.

</doc>
<doc id="20020886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020886" title="Mpendo">
Mpendo

Mpendo is an administrative ward in the Kondoa district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 5,205.

</doc>
<doc id="20020888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020888" title="Sanzawa">
Sanzawa

Sanzawa is an administrative ward in the Kondoa district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 8.437.

</doc>
<doc id="20020891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020891" title="Marilyn Agency">
Marilyn Agency

Marilyn Agency is a modeling agency based in Paris, France. Founder and former CEO Marilyn Gauthier brought the agency to New York City in 1998. Marilyn has represented Adriana Lima, Alessandra Ambrosio, Coco Rocha, Kate Moss, Naomi Campbell and Caroline Trentini.
Fashion models.
The following models are currently or have been represented by Marilyn:

</doc>
<doc id="20020894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020894" title="2nd Nature (boy band)">
2nd Nature (boy band)

2nd Nature was an African-American contemporary R&B group from the 1990s. They released one album, "What Comes Natural", on March 21, 1995.
History.
2nd Nature was formed by producer Oman Quijano, who discovered Jason Turner, Darnel Alexander, and David Booker at Star Search. Leland "L.A." Allen, a former player for the San Diego Chargers and part-time singer, was added to round out the group. David "SuperDave" James and KC Whitaker Schneider should also be credited with managing and promoting the band. They debuted with "What Comes Natural", which turned out to be the only album they would release. The album produced a minor hit, "Can U Show Me."

</doc>
<doc id="20020896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020896" title="Kwamtoro">
Kwamtoro

Kwamtoro is an administrative ward in the Kondoa district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 7,966.

</doc>
<doc id="20020897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020897" title="Lalta">
Lalta

Lalta is an administrative ward in the Kondoa district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 7,537.

</doc>
<doc id="20020898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020898" title="Teviot Falls">
Teviot Falls

Teviot Falls are found on the McPherson Range near Wilsons Peak in Queensland, Australia, close to the border with New South Wales.
On the partially unsealed road up the range is the Teviot Gap, also known as The Head, and this is the best place to view the falls.
There are another four waterfalls surrounding Killarney to the south. They are the Queen Mary Falls, Daggs Falls, Browns Falls and Upper Browns Falls. Of these Teviot Falls is the only waterfall that is part of the Scenic Rim. Water flows from Teviot Brook, a major tributary of the Logan River.

</doc>
<doc id="20020900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020900" title="Suruke">
Suruke

Suruke is an administrative ward in the Kondoa district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 11,711.

</doc>
<doc id="20020907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020907" title="Kingale">
Kingale

Kingale is an administrative ward in the Kondoa district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 10,525.

</doc>
<doc id="20020921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020921" title="Kondoa Mjini">
Kondoa Mjini

Kondoa Mjini ("Kondoa Urban") is an administrative ward in the Kondoa district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward had a total population of 21,878.
Kondoa Town is the district capital of Kondoa District. The local government buildings were mostly built during the German colonization. The town also has a district hospital, three O-Level Secondary schools, one A-Level school for girls, and an agricultural college. There is also a teachers' training college called Bustani (garden in Kiswahili) College. There is a local bank branch.
The climate is semi-arid. The rainy season is from late December to mid March, and receives little to no precipitation the rest of the year. The weather is mostly hot. The town has a hot spring that provides drinking water for many inhabitants. There is also a river that runs through the town, though in the dry months there is almost no water above ground. There is a good bridge over the river. 
The Irangi tribe is the most populous ethnic group in Kondoa, and their native language is Kirangi. As it was a stop on an ancient caravan road, Kondoa has a sizeable non-Irangi minority.
The town is about 70% Muslim and 30% Christian, with aboriginal religions virtually extinct. Relations between religious groups are good. 

</doc>
<doc id="20020927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020927" title="Kolo (Tanzanian ward)">
Kolo (Tanzanian ward)

Kolo is an administrative ward in the Kondoa district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 8,268.

</doc>
<doc id="20020931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020931" title="Changaa (Tanzanian ward)">
Changaa (Tanzanian ward)

Changaa is an administrative ward in the Kondoa district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 13,987.

</doc>
<doc id="20020933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020933" title="Sutliff Bridge">
Sutliff Bridge

The Sutliff Bridge is a bridge over the Cedar River at Sutliff, a Johnson County community near Lisbon, Iowa, United States. A Parker truss bridge, it was built in 1897 and 1898 at a cost of approximately $12,000. After a modern replacement was built over the Cedar in 1983, the bridge was slated for destruction, but it was ultimately saved, and on May 15, 1998, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places. Although the bridge remained a celebrated location for locals and for visitors from across Iowa, including a 5k foot race beloved as the “worst road race in America", it succumbed to massive floods in the second week of June 2008: while the river normally flowed many feet below the bottom of the bridge, the floods topped the bridge's deck, and one of the bridge's spans was washed away on June 13 as the surrounding countryside was inundated with vast amounts of water. It is estimated that restoring the bridge will cost $1.7 million. Most of this money would come from the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), with the rest coming from donations and local governments; both FEMA and the Johnson County Board of Supervisors have agreed in principle to repair the bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="20020935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020935" title="Thawi">
Thawi

Thawi is an administrative ward in the Kondoa district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 10,364.

</doc>
<doc id="20020939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020939" title="Mnenia">
Mnenia

Mnenia is an administrative ward in the Kondoa district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 10,974.

</doc>
<doc id="20020943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020943" title="Soera">
Soera

Soera is an administrative ward in the Kondoa district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 7,034.

</doc>
<doc id="20020946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020946" title="William L. Harkness">
William L. Harkness

William Lamon Harkness (August 8, 1858 - May 10, 1919) was an American businessman. He was born in Bellevue, Ohio, the son of Daniel M. Harkness (who was the half-brother of both Henry Flagler and Stephen V. Harkness both founders of Standard Oil) and his wife Isabella Harkness. Upon his father Daniel's death in 1896, he inherited a large share in Standard Oil, a company in which his father had been an early shareholder. He is the also a cousin of noted philanthropist Edward Harkness who also benefitted from his father's involvement with Standard Oil.
Will attended Bellevue Public Schools in Bellevue and The Brooks Military School in Cleveland. In 1881, Harkness graduated from Yale University. He gave encouragement to Henry Durand, a classmate, friend and member of the Wolf's Head Society, when Durand arranged Bright College Years. Will and his cousins Charles and Edward Harkness were also members of Wolf's Head Society at Yale.
In 1896, he moved from Cleveland, Ohio to a home at 12 East Fifty-third Street in New York City. He also owned a country home, Dosoris, at Glen Cove on Long Island. A yachtsman and sportsman, he was a member of the New York Yacht Club, the Seawanhaka Corinthian Yacht Club and Piping Rock Club.
WIlliam L. Harkness died in New York City in 1919 and was buried in the Woodlawn Cemetery in The Bronx, New York. He left an estate of $53,439,437 ($ today ), of which $37,272,254 was stock in Standard Oil. He left half of his estate including his houses at 12 West 53rd in New York and Dosoris at Glen Cove, NY to his wife Edith Hale Harkness. The remaining half was divided between his daughter Louise Hale Harkness and his son William Hale Harkness.
Philanthropy.
Shortly before his death, Harkness donated $400,000 to Yale University. The William L. Harkness Hall at Yale University was completed in 1927 as the gift of Mr. W.L. Harkness, BA 1881, and his family. It is a Collegiate Gothic building of Aquia sandstone with Ohio sandstone trim and contains offices and lecture & recitation rooms for the French, German, and Music departments. William Adams Delano was the architect.
Yachts and Wartime.
The first of the W.L. Harkness yachts was the 195 ft. Gunilda. While cruising Lake Superior, William L. Harkness directed his crew to continue on without a local guide through the Schreiber channel, as he believed the fees were too high. The Gunilda ended up running aground hard on McGarvey shoal. Some blame his arrogance and others believe there were errors in US charts he entrusted to navigate the Canadian waters.The Gunilda hit a reef and sunk off of Copper Island on Lake Superior near Rossport, Ontario in 1911. Jacques Cousteau labeled the Gunilda "the World's finest shipwreck".
The second Harkness yacht, Agarwa, saw duty in both WWi and WWII as the USS Cythera (PY-26)
The Cythera saw action in both WWI and WWII. The yacht was leased to the Navy in the first World War and then returned to the Harkness family. In WWII, Edith H. Harkness sold the Agarwa to the US Navy for $1 to be converted to the patrol yacht USS Cythera (PY-26) and commissioned on 3 Mar, 1942. At 0047, 2 May 1942, the patrol yacht USS Cythera (PY-26), broken into two sections during a torpedo attack, slid beneath the waters of the cold North Atlantic. She had been at sea just 21 hours 45 minutes, bound from Norfolk, Virginia, to Pearl Harbor, Hawaii. It was initially assumed by the US Navy that all 71 crew members had been lost and their families were notified on 2 June 1942 of their "missing status". However, for two crewmen this was not the case. The second yacht of William Harkness had sunk to the depths.

</doc>
<doc id="20020947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020947" title="Masange">
Masange

Masange is an administrative ward in the Kondoa district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 12,348.

</doc>
<doc id="20020953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020953" title="Kikilo">
Kikilo

Kikilo is an administrative ward in the Kondoa district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 9,447.

</doc>
<doc id="20020955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020955" title="Bereko">
Bereko

Bereko is an administrative ward in the Kondoa district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 3,147.

</doc>
<doc id="20020959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020959" title="Kisese">
Kisese

Kisese is an administrative ward in the Kondoa district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 9,810.

</doc>
<doc id="20020963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020963" title="Kikore">
Kikore

Kikore is an administrative ward in the Kondoa district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 10,438.

</doc>
<doc id="20020967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020967" title="Makorongo">
Makorongo

Makorongo is an administrative ward in the Kondoa district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 12,835.

</doc>
<doc id="20020973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020973" title="Ovada (Tanzanian ward)">
Ovada (Tanzanian ward)

Ovada is an administrative ward in the Kondoa district of the Dodoma Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 9,544.

</doc>
<doc id="20020975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020975" title="Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 97">
Pennsylvania House of Representatives, District 97

The 97th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Lancaster County and includes the following areas:

</doc>
<doc id="20020981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020981" title="Daggs Falls">
Daggs Falls

Daggs Falls are found on the McPherson Range in Queensland, Australia, close to the border with New South Wales, 5 km east of Killarney.
The falls are directly on the road side and there is a lookout provided.
On the road up the range is Teviot Gap also known as The Head and found here are the Teviot Falls. The other three waterfalls surrounding Killarney to the south are the Queen Mary Falls, and very close to Daggs Falls are Browns Falls and Upper Browns Falls.

</doc>
<doc id="20020982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020982" title="Magoja">
Magoja

The magoja is a type of long jacket worn with hanbok, the traditional clothing of Korea, and is usually worn on top of the "jeogori" (short jacket). It is also called "magwae" and while it was originally a male garment, it is now considered a unisex article of clothing. The magoja was originally a Manchu style of clothing, but was introduced after Heungseon Daewongun, father of King Gojong, returned from political exile in Manchuria in 1887. The magoja is derived from the "magwae" that he wore at that time to protect against the cold weather of the region. Due to its warmth and the fact that it's easy to wear, the magoja's popularity spread throughout Korea. It is also called ""deot jeogori"" (literally "an outer jeogori").
The magoja does not have "git" (깃, a band of fabric that trims the collar) or "goreum" (고름, coat strings), unlike the "jeogori" and "durumagi" (overcoat). The men's magoja has "seop" (섶, overlapped column on the front) and its length is longer than women's magoja, so that both sides are open at the bottom. Most magoja are made of silk and are adorned with one or two buttons which are usually made from amber. In a male magoja, buttons are attached to the right side, while on women's magoja they are attached to the left.
At first, women wore the magoja for style rather than comfort and it was particularly popular among the Kaeseong people. The color for these silk women's magojas tend to be neutral in order to harmonize with other garments such as the "jeogori" and "chima" (a volumous skirt), the two main parts of the female hanbok. In spring and autumn, a pastel tone is used for the women's magoja so that wearers can wear it over a jeogori for style. As for men's magoja worn during spring and summer, jade, green, gray, dark grey are used.

</doc>
<doc id="20020984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20020984" title="1976 Australian Touring Car Championship">
1976 Australian Touring Car Championship

The 1976 Australian Touring Car Championship was a series of motor races for Touring cars conforming to the Australia Group C touring car regulations. It was the 17th running of the Australian Touring Car Championship. It began at Symmons Plains Raceway on 29 February and ended at Phillip Island Grand Prix Circuit on 28 November in the longest season in the history of the series. 1976 saw a substantial change to the ATCC calendar. The series expanded to eleven rounds, incorporating the longer distance races (the races of Australian Championship of Makes) from late in the season for the first time, including the Sandown 500 and the Phillip Island 500K, although notably not the Bathurst 1000.
After spending portions of the 1975 season on the sidelines, Allan Moffat won his second Australian Touring Car Championship. Moffat won Calder, Oran Park and Adelaide International, building up an impressive mid-season points lead that his rivals could not catch. By mid-year Moffat had re-launched his team as the Moffat Ford Dealers team with a brand new Ford Falcon XB GT built just before the second half of the season after Moffat lost his race winning car when his transporter burned down on its way to Adelaide in June. Moffat borrowed John Goss' Falcon to keep in the series until the new car was built.
Barry Seton racing a Ford Capri in the under three litre engine class was Moffat's title threat for most of the year, winning class four times, with a best finish of sixth outright at Sandown. Seton lost second place in the championship to Holden Dealer Team driver Colin Bond when the Holden Torana LH L34 driver won the final race of the season at Phillip Island. Bond had previously won at Sandown and Lakeside but had mechanical failures that Moffat, even in his borrowed machinery did not.
Teams and drivers.
The following drivers competed in the 1976 ATCC.
Calendar.
The 1976 Australian Touring Car Championship consisted of eleven rounds.
Results.
Points system.
Points are awarded to any driver that completes 75% of race distance and is running on the completion of the final lap.
Drivers Championship.
Results sourced in part from:
Australian Championship of Makes.
The 1976 Australian Championship of Makes was contested over a four round series run concurrently with the final four rounds of the Australian Touring Car Championship. It was the sixth championship for manufacturers to be awarded by CAMS, and the first to be run under the Australian Championship of Makes name. The title was won by General Motors-Holden's. 

</doc>
<doc id="20021000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021000" title="Atavachron">
Atavachron

Atavachron is the fourth studio album by guitarist Allan Holdsworth, released in 1986 through Enigma Records (United States) and JMS–Cream Records (Europe). The album's title and seventh track, as well as the cover art, are references to the "Atavachron" alien time travel device from the "" episode, "All Our Yesterdays". This marks Holdsworth's first recorded use of the SynthAxe, an instrument which would be featured prominently on many of his future albums.

</doc>
<doc id="20021015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021015" title="Elabana Falls">
Elabana Falls

Elabana Falls are located within Lamington National Park in South East Queensland, Australia. Access to the falls is via tracks from Binna Burra.

</doc>
<doc id="20021074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021074" title="Boardwalk Brown">
Boardwalk Brown

Carroll William "Boardwalk" Brown (February 20, 1889 - February 8, 1977) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. He was born on February 20, 1889 in Woodbury, New Jersey. He batted and threw right-handed, and was 178 pounds. Boardwalk played three seasons with the Philadelphia Athletics in 1911-1913. In 1914 he played for both the A's and the New York Yankees and again in 1915 with the Yankees. In his career, Brown had a 38–40 record in 133 games with an ERA of 3.47. 

</doc>
<doc id="20021124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021124" title="1975 Australian Touring Car Championship">
1975 Australian Touring Car Championship

The 1975 Australian Touring Car Championship was a CAMS sanctioned Australian motor racing title open to Group C Touring Cars. The championship began at Symmons Plains and ended at Lakeside after seven rounds. It was the 16th Australian Touring Car Championship. 
The 1975 championship was one of the most controversial in the history of the title with series leader Allan Grice disqualified from the fifth round at Surfers Paradise for a technical infringement. He continued racing under appeal, but the penalty was upheld and Grice lost all points gained from the final three rounds. Reigning champion Peter Brock parted company with the Holden Dealer Team before the series began and raced in a privately funded Holden Torana during the season. Colin Bond, driving a Holden Torana for the Marlboro Holden Dealer Team took victory at the opening round at Symmons Plains Raceway, and end of season wins at Adelaide International Raceway and Lakeside International Raceway saw Bond move past Grice and Bob Morris on points to win the championship. 2000cc class competitor Christine Gibson, driving a factory supported Alfa Romeo 2000 GTV, led the series mid-season after taking four class wins, but had disqualification problems of her own and Bond regained the points advantage by season's end. Gibson's effort however remains to this day (2012) the best performance by a woman in Australian Touring Car Championship history.
Drivers.
The following drivers competed in the 1975 Australian Touring Car Championship. 
Calendar.
The 1975 Australian Touring Car Championship was contested over a seven round series with one race per round.
Classes.
Cars competed in two classes: 
Points system.
Championship points were awarded on a 9-6-4-3-2-1 basis for the first six positions in each class at each round. Bonus points were awarded on a 4-3-2-1 basis for the first four outright positions at each round.

</doc>
<doc id="20021141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021141" title="Wurmbea dioica">
Wurmbea dioica

Wurmbea dioica (Early Nancy) is a herb that is native to Australia. This plant takes its common name from its tendency to appear as one of the first flowering species of spring, with flowers appearing late in August and lasting until early October. Preferring areas clear of other organic debris, it can be found rather easily in open, sub-alpine grassland, where the feeding activities of Eastern grey kangaroos allow sunlight to reach and warm the ground, triggering the end of their winter dormancy.
Despite being small and almost leafless, these plants will rapidly colonise suitably sparse grassland, and can take only a few seasons to cover a large clearing in hundreds or thousands of small white flowers.

</doc>
<doc id="20021147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021147" title="William David Davies">
William David Davies

William David Davies, often known as W. D. P. Davies, (18 January 1897 – 7 July 1969) was a Welsh Presbyterian minister and writer on theological topics. After becoming the first Welsh student to obtain a Bachelor of Divinity degree from the University of Oxford, he turned down an offer to become a theology tutor at Oxford, along with a college fellowship, preferring to become a Presbyterian minister. He wrote various theological works and was regarded as an excellent scholar as well as a powerful preacher.
Life.
Davies was the only son of a Presbyterian minister, Isaac Davies, and his wife. He was born in Glyn Ceiriog, Denbighshire, in north Wales but moved with his parents to Rhyd Ddu in Snowdonia, Bryn-rhos and Bangor, Caernarfonshire. Davies studied at the county school in Caernarfon and at the Friars School, Bangor before winning a scholarship to Jesus College, Oxford. During the First World War, he was a conscientious objector and carried out agricultural work on the Llyn Peninsula, preaching in Pwllheli during this time. When the war was over, he returned to Oxford, obtaining second class Honour Moderations in Literae Humaniores and a first class Bachelor of Arts degree in theology. After further study, he obtained a Bachelor of Divinity degree, becoming the first Welsh non-conformist to be awarded the degree by the University of Oxford. He refused the offer of a fellowship and appointment as a tutor in theology at the university, since the terms of appointment included his becoming a member of the Church of England and Davies had by this time decided to become a Presbyterian minister.
Davies was regarded as a powerful preacher, as well as an excellent scholar. He was ordained in 1923 and ministered in London until 1926, before moving to Cardiff, where he served until 1928. In that year he was appointed Professor of the History of Religions and the Philosophy of Religion at the United Theological College Aberystwyth. His publications included works on religious topics: ' (1932), ' (1934), and a book on the Epistle to the Ephesians (1933). He resigned from the Theological College in 1933, after events showed that he was suffering from a disturbance of mind: he had a split personality for the rest of his life. He moved around, living in Neath and Machynlleth and in other places as a writer for the Welsh language newspaper "Y Cymro". During this time, he wrote various essays and poems and began to call himself "W. D. P. Davies", saying that the "P" stood for "sinner" (), but it may have derived from his wife Margaret's maiden name (Palmer). He spent a few months in charge of the churches in Llangadfan, Montgomeryshire but this was not a success. He was given the opportunity to recover by the Ithon Road Presbyterian Church in Llandrindod Wells, where he died on 7 July 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="20021155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021155" title="Sand (album)">
Sand (album)

Sand is the fifth studio album by guitarist Allan Holdsworth, released in 1987 through Relativity Records (United States) and JMS–Cream Records (Europe).

</doc>
<doc id="20021174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021174" title="Kim and Reggie Harris">
Kim and Reggie Harris

Kim and Reggie Harris are two singers, songwriters, storytellers, educators, historical interpreters and cultural advocates. 
Born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, a city rich in musical and cultural heritage, Kim and Reggie were exposed to range of composers and musical genres. It was the start of what has evolved into the " Bach to Rock" musical approach (with the strongest elements being Folk, Gospel and Jazz). 
They met, by chance, at a summer camp in 1974. While attending Temple University they honed their performance skills in the clubs and coffeehouses around Philadelphia. 
In 1980, Kim and Reggie toured universities, art centers, schools and other concert venues. 
They average over 275 performances each year. They have featured in performance at the Kennedy Center, the Smithsonian Institution, The International Children's Festival in Canada, The Wang Center, The Pike's Peak Center, festivals in the U.S, Canada and Italy and a host of universities, schools, churches and performing venues. 
Kim and Reggie are presenters in the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts Touring workshop program providing teacher training and arts events that encourage the use of the arts in the classroom. 
They have released five CDs on the Appleseed Recordings label, and one on the Folk Era label.
They reside in upstate New York. 

</doc>
<doc id="20021176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021176" title="Xiao Fu">
Xiao Fu

Xiao Fu (蕭復) (732 – June 23, 788), courtesy name Lüchu (履初), was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty, serving as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Dezong.
Background.
Xiao Fu was born in 732, during the reign of Emperor Xuanzong. He was from a prominent clan that descended from the imperial house of Liang Dynasty, and his grandfather Xiao Song was a chancellor during Emperor Xuanzong's reign. His father was Xiao Song's son Xiao Heng (蕭衡), and his mother was Princess Xinchang, a daughter of Emperor Xuanzong, making him a grandson of Emperor Xuanzong as well. As the Xiao clan was greatly honored, his brothers and cousins all competed having the best clothes, horses, and decorations, while Xiao Fu dressed plainly. He also was often studying in his room, alone, and his friends were all writers or Confucian scholars. His uncle Xiao Hua, who was a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Xuanzong's son Emperor Suzong, was impressed by him, and often stated, "This child will surely glorify this clan." Due to his being the son of a princess, he was, early in his career, made a "Gongmenlang" (宮門郎), in charge of the office of the palace gates (宮門局, "Gongmenju"). He was later made the director of transportation for the crown prince (太子僕, "Taizi Pu").
During Emperor Daizong's reign.
During the "Guangde" era (763-764) of Emperor Suzong's son Emperor Daizong, there was a span of poor harvests, causing food prices to rise. With the Xiao clan being a large one and needing funds to pay for food, the clan considered selling an ancestral property in Zhaoying County (昭應, near the capital Chang'an). The chancellor Wang Jin heard that the property contained beautiful trees and springs and wanted the property, and thus sent his brother Wang Hong (王紘) to meet Xiao Fu. Wang Hong stated to Xiao, "You, sir, have talent that shall land you greater offices. If you offer your manor to my brother, he will surely help you achieve that." Xiao Fu responded, "I, an imperial servant, am selling this ancestral property because of poverty, to aid the widows and young of the clan. If I trade it for a high position such that I let my clan folks be frozen or starved, I would not be doing what even a commoner should be doing." Wang Jin was angered by these remarks and removed Xiao from his office, and he spent the next several years at home. Despite this, he was not distressed. He later returned to government service and became a low-level official at the executive bureau of government (尚書省, "Shangshu Sheng"). Yet later, he served as the prefect of Chang Prefecture (常州, in modern Changzhou, Jiangsu).
During Emperor Dezong's reign.
Prior to chancellorship.
In 779, during the reign of Emperor Daizong's son Emperor Dezong, Xiao Fu was made the governor (觀察使, "Guanchashi") of Hunan Circuit (湖南, headquartered in modern Changsha, Hunan) as well as the prefect of Hunan's capital Tan Prefecture (潭州). He later served as the prefect of Tong Prefecture (同州, in modern Weinan, Shaanxi). At that time, there was a famine in the prefecture, and he opened the food storages that were overseen by the governor of Jingzhao Circuit (京兆, i.e., the Chang'an region) to give to the people, without approval from his superiors. As a result, he was punished by being reduced in rank. When his friends visited him to console him, he remarked, "I benefited others. Is it not right I suffer a minor punishment?" He was soon made the deputy minister of defense (兵部侍郎, "Bingbu Shilang").
In 783, with Li Xilie the military governor ("Jiedushi") of Huaixi Circuit (淮西, headquartered in modern Zhumadian, Henan) rebelling against imperial rule, Emperor Dezong, believing that the armies sent against Li Xilie needed a supreme commander to coordinate their actions, commissioned his son Li Yi (李誼) the Prince of Pu to be the supreme commander of the forces against Huaixi, and he gave Xiao the honorary title of minister of census (戶部尚書, "Hubu Shangshu"), to serve as the secretary general for Li Yi.
However, before Li Yi could depart Chang'an, soldiers from Jingyuan Circuit (涇原, headquartered in modern Pingliang, Gansu), at Chang'an to await deployment to the east against Li Xilie or other warlords, mutinied after they were not awarded as they believed they deserved. Emperor Dezong fled to Fengtian (奉天, in modern Xianyang, Shaanxi). Many officials followed him there, including Xiao. The Jingyuan soldiers supported the general Zhu Ci as their leader, and Zhu initially claimed that he was set to welcome Emperor Dezong back to Chang'an, but soon was planning to take over as emperor. Meanwhile, Emperor Dezong, finding Fengtian to be too small of a city for him and his followers, wanted to head for Fengxiang (鳳翔, in modern Baoji, Shaanxi), then governed by the former chancellor Zhang Yi but formerly under Zhu's control. When Xiao heard that Emperor Dezong was intended to head to Fengxiang, he immediately met with Emperor Dezong and warned against it:
Emperor Dezong responded that he had already decided to head to Fengxiang, but on Xiao's objection will remain at Fengtian for one more day. The next day, news arrived that Zhu's former subordinate Li Chulin (李楚琳) had mutinied, killed Zhang, and taken over Fengxiang. Soon thereafter, Xiao, was made the minister of civil service affairs (吏部尚書, "Libu Shangshu") and given the designation "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi" (同中書門下平章事), making him a chancellor "de facto", along with Liu Congyi and Jiang Gongfu.
During chancellorship.
Zhu Ci, who claimed the title of emperor of his new state of Qin, was soon putting Fengtian under siege, although Fengtian was saved by the major Tang general Li Huaiguang. Meanwhile, Xiao earnestly sought reform of Emperor Dezong's administration at Fengtian. He suggested that Emperor Dezong not give eunuchs authorities and recall the eunuchs who were serving as army monitors — a suggestion that greatly displeased Emperor Dezong. Despite Emperor Dezong's displeasure, Xiao responded:
On one occasion, when Xiao and Lu met Emperor Dezong together, Lu was merely flattering Emperor Dezong and following everything that Emperor Dezong said, and Xiao stated, "Lu Qi's words are wrongful." This surprised Emperor Dezong, and after the meeting was over, he told his attendants, "Xiao Fu views me lightly." In spring 784, while he was still at Fengtian, he commissioned Xiao Fu to be the examiner of the southern circuits of the empire and sent him out on a mission to survey those circuits, in order to get Xiao away from him. When Liu Congyi and many other officials asked that Xiao be kept at the imperial government, Emperor Dezong's suspicions were further aroused that Xiao had induced these other officials into speaking on his behalf, although he did not investigate the matter further.
By late 784, the general Li Sheng had destroyed Zhu's regime, allowing Emperor Dezong to return to Chang'an. Xiao had also returned from his mission, and he suggested to Emperor Dezong that Chen Shaoyou (陳少遊), the military governor of Huainan Circuit (淮南, headquartered in modern Yangzhou, Jiangsu), who had submitted to Li Xilie during the time Emperor Dezong was away from Chang'an, be replaced by Wei Gao — a Fengxiang officer who had resisted Li Chulin. Emperor Dezong agreed. However, Xiao was soon surprised when Liu Chongyi stated to him, "Ma Qinxu [(馬欽緒, an eunuch who served as imperial messenger)] informed me that the Emperor wanted me to discuss with you, Lord, your proposal, and then carry it out without informing Li Mian and Lu Han [(two other chancellors who served with Xiao and Liu)]. Can you tell me what your proposal was?" Xiao, finding it inappropriate that Emperor Dezong was keeping secrets away from Li Mian and Lu, as fellow chancellors, stated:
When Liu informed Emperor Dezong about this, Emperor Dezong was displeased. Xiao, seeing that he had lost the emperor's favor, offered to resign. In winter 784, Emperor Dezong removed him from his chancellor position and made him a member of the staff of the Crown Prince Li Song.
After chancellorship.
In 787, a scandal involving Princess Gao — the daughter of Emperor Suzong (and thus aunt to Emperor Dezong) and the widow of Xiao Fu's cousin Xiao Sheng (蕭升), whose daughter was the wife and crown prince to Li Song — unfolded, as she was found to have had a large number of young lovers, and she was further accused of using witchcraft. The scandal nearly caused Li Song to be removed from his crown prince position and forced him to divorce Crown Princess Xiao, and the scandal also enveloped the Xiao household. Emperor Dezong, still resentful of Xiao Fu, let him keep his rank but exiled him to Rao Prefecture (饒州, in modern Shangrao, Jiangxi). It was said, though, that Xiao was not distressed and made no complaints. He died in 788, while still at Rao Prefecture. His grandson Xiao Zhi later served as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Yizong.

</doc>
<doc id="20021180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021180" title="William John Dakin">
William John Dakin

William John Dakin (23 April 1883 – 2 April 1950) was a zoologist who is remembered for the large number of his students who achieved prominence in the area of zoology and for the number of books and papers he wrote on many scientific fields.
Dakin was born in Toxteth, a suburb of Liverpool, England in 1883 the son William and Elizabeth Dakin. His father was a coal merchant.
Studying at the University of Liverpool he attained his BSc with first class honours in Zoology in 1905, his MSc in 1907 and his DSc in 1911 on osmotic pressure and the blood of fishes.
In 1912 Dakin applied and was appointed as the chair of Biology at the recently established University of Western Australia. Before arriving to take his post Dakin married Catherine Lewis in 1913.
While at UWA Dakin published "The Elements of Animal Biology" in 1918, chaired the extension committee, twice visited the Houtman Abrolhos and was the president of the Royal Society of Western Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="20021187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021187" title="Onion Futures Act">
Onion Futures Act

The Onion Futures Act is a United States law banning the trading of futures contracts on onions.
In 1955, two onion traders, Sam Seigel and Vincent Kosuga, cornered the onion futures market on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange. The resulting regulatory actions led to the passing of the act on August 28, 1958. , it remains in effect.
History.
Onion trading.
Onion futures trading began on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange in the mid-1940s as an attempt to replace the income lost when butter futures contract ceased. By the mid-1950s, onions futures contracts were the most traded product on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange. In 1955, they accounted for 20% of its trades.
Market manipulation.
In the fall of 1955, Seigel and Kosuga bought enough onions and onion futures so that they controlled 98 percent of the available onions in Chicago. Millions of pounds (thousands of tonnes) of onions were shipped to Chicago to cover their purchases. By late 1955, they had stored of onions in Chicago. They soon changed course and convinced onion growers to begin purchasing their inventory by threatening to flood the market with onions if they did not. Seigel and Kosuga told the growers that they would hold the rest of their inventory in order to support the price of onions. 
As the growers began buying onions, Seigel and Kosuga purchased short positions on a large amount of onion contracts. They also arranged to have their stores of onions reconditioned because they had started to spoil. They shipped them outside of Chicago to have them cleaned and then repackaged and re-shipped back to Chicago. The new shipments of onions caused many futures traders to think that there was an excess of onions and further drove down onion prices in Chicago. By the end of the onion season in March 1956, Seigel and Kosuga had flooded the markets with their onions and driven the price of of onions down to 10 cents a bag. In August 1955, the same quantity of onions had been priced at $2.75 a bag. So many onions were shipped to Chicago in order to depress prices that there were onion shortages in other parts of the United States.
Seigel and Kosuga made millions of dollars on the transaction due to their short position on onion futures. At one point, however, of onions were selling in Chicago for less than the bags that held them. This drove many onion farmers into bankruptcy. A public outcry ensued among onion farmers who were left with large amounts of worthless inventory. Many of the farmers had to pay to dispose of the large amounts of onions that they had purchased and grown.
Regulatory action.
In the aftermath of the crash, many commentators characterized Kosuga's actions as unprincipled gambling. The abrupt change in prices gained the attention of the Commodity Exchange Authority. Soon they launched an investigation and the U.S. Senate Committee on Agriculture and House Committee on Agriculture held hearings on the matter.
During the hearings, the Commodity Exchange Authority stated that it was the perishable nature of onion which made them vulnerable to price swings. Then-congressman Gerald Ford of Michigan sponsored a bill, known as the Onion Futures Act, which banned futures trading on onions. The bill was unpopular among traders, some of whom argued that onion shortages were not a crucial issue since they were used as a condiment rather than a staple food. The president of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, E.B. Harris, lobbied hard against the bill. Harris described it as "Burning down the barn to find a suspected rat". The measure was passed, however, and President Dwight D. Eisenhower signed the bill in August 1958.
Impact.
Effect on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange.
After the ban was passed, the Chicago Mercantile Exchange filed a lawsuit in federal court alleging that the ban unfairly restricted trade. After a federal judge ruled against them, they declined to appeal to the Supreme Court and the ban stood. 
The loss of a lucrative trading product was devastating to the Chicago Mercantile Exchange. The other products that were traded, including futures contracts on eggs, turkeys, and potatoes, were not large enough to support the exchange. This led to the emergence of new leadership who pioneered a different strategy, expanding the exchange's traded products to include futures contracts on pork bellies and frozen concentrate orange juice. These proved to be popular products and eventually restored lost popularity to the Chicago Mercantile Exchange.
Effect on price volatility.
The ban has provided academics with a unique opportunity to study the effect of an active futures market on commodity prices. Experts have been divided on the effect that onion futures trading has on the volatility of onion prices.
Holbrook Working published a study in 1960 which argued that price volatility declined after the futures market for onions was introduced the 1940s. Working cited this study as proof of the Efficient-market hypothesis. In 1963, this theory was lent more support by a study published by Roger Gray. Gray, an expert in agricultural futures markets and professor emeritus of economics at Stanford University, concluded that onion price volatility increased after the Onion Futures Act was passed.
Aaron C. Johnson published a study 1973 that contradicted Gray's findings. He found that onion price volatility in the 1960s was the lowest of any decade on record. Financial journalist Justin Fox noted that even though onion prices in the 1960s might have been more stable due to better weather or advances in transportation methods: "There was certainly no clear evidence from the onion fields to support the presumption that speculative markets got prices right."
In the 2000s (decade), onion prices were significantly more volatile than corn or oil prices. This volatility led the son of a farmer who initially lobbied for the ban to advocate a return to onion futures trading.

</doc>
<doc id="20021188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021188" title="Washington ballot measures, 2004">
Washington ballot measures, 2004

Initiative 872.
Initiative Measure No. 872 concerns elections for partisan offices. This measure would allow voters to select among all candidates in a primary. Ballots would indicate candidates’ party preference. The two candidates receiving most votes advance to the general election, regardless of party.
Initiative 884.
Initiative Measure No. 884 concerns dedicating funds designated for educational purposes. This measure would create an education trust fund for smaller classes, extended learning programs, certain salary increases, preschool access, and expanded college enrollments and scholarships, funded by increasing retail sales tax by 1%.
Initiative 892.
Initiative Measure No. 892 concerns authorizing additional “electronic scratch ticket machines” to reduce property taxes. This measure would authorize licensed non-tribal gambling establishments to operate the same type and number of machines as tribal governments, with a portion of tax revenue generated used to reduce state property taxes.
Initiative 297.
Initiative Measure No. 297 concerns “mixed” radioactive and nonradioactive hazardous waste. This measure would add new provisions concerning “mixed” radioactive and nonradioactive hazardous waste, requiring cleanup of contamination before additional waste is added, prioritizing cleanup, providing for public participation and enforcement through citizen lawsuits.
Engrossed Second Substitute House Bill 2295.
This bill would have authorized charter public schools and would have set conditions on operations. These charter schools would be operated by qualified nonprofit corporations, under contracts with local education boards, and allocated certain public funds.

</doc>
<doc id="20021192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021192" title="Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education Act">
Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education Act

The Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education Act or Right to Education Act (RTE), is an Indian legislation enacted by the Parliament of India on 4 August 2009, which describes the modalities of the importance of free and compulsory education for children between 6 and 14 in India under Article 21a of the Indian Constitution. India became one of 135 countries to make education a fundamental right of every child when the act came into force on 1 April 2010.
History.
Present Act has its history in the drafting of the Indian constitution at the time of Independence but is more specifically to the Constitutional Amendment of 2002 that included the Article 21A in the Indian constitution making Education a fundamental Right. This amendment, however, specified the need for a legislation to describe the mode of implementation of the same which necessitated the drafting of a separate Education Bill.
A rough draft of the bill was composed in year 2005. It received much opposition due to its mandatory provision to provide 25% reservation for disadvantaged children in private schools. The sub-committee of the Central Advisory Board of Education which prepared the draft Bill held this provision as a significant prerequisite for creating a democratic and egalitarian society. Indian Law commission had initially proposed 50% reservation for disadvantaged students in private schools.
Passage.
The bill was approved by the cabinet on 2 July 2009. Rajya Sabha passed the bill on 20 July 2009 and the Lok Sabha on 4 August 2009. It received Presidential assent and was notified as law on 26 August 2009 as The Children's Right to Free and Compulsory Education Act. The law came into effect in the whole of India except the state of Jammu and Kashmir from 1 April 2010, the first time in the history of India a law was brought into force by a speech by the Prime Minister. In his speech, Manmohan Singh, Prime Minister of India stated that, "We are committed to ensuring that all children, irrespective of gender and social category, have access to education. An education that enables them to acquire the skills, knowledge, values and attitudes necessary to become responsible and active citizens of India."
Highlights.
The Act makes education a fundamental right of every child between the ages of 6 and 14 and specifies minimum norms in elementary schools. It requires all private schools to reserve 25% of seats to children (to be reimbursed by the state as part of the public-private partnership plan). Kids are admitted in to private schools based on caste based reservations. see Page 9 and Point no 4 of This Document. It also prohibits all unrecognised schools from practice, and makes provisions for no donation or capitation fees and no interview of the child or parent for admission. The Act also provides that no child shall be held back, expelled, or required to pass a board examination until the completion of elementary education. There is also a provision for special training of school drop-outs to bring them up to par with students of the same age.
The RTE act requires surveys that will monitor all neighbourhoods, identify children requiring education, and set up facilities for providing it.
The World Bank education specialist for India, Sam Carlson, has observed:
The Right to Education of persons with disabilities until 18 years of age is laid down under a separate legislation- the Persons with Disabilities Act. A number of other provisions regarding improvement of school infrastructure, teacher-student ratio and faculty are made in the Act.
Implementation and funding.
Education in the Indian constitution is a concurrent issue and both centre and states can legislate on the issue. The Act lays down specific responsibilities for the centre, state and local bodies for its implementation. The states have been clamouring that they lack financial capacity to deliver education of appropriate standard in all the schools needed for universal education. Thus it was clear that the central government (which collects most of the revenue) will be required to subsidise the states.
A committee set up to study the funds requirement and funding initially estimated that Rs 1710 billion or 1.71 trillion (US$38.2 billion) across five years was required to implement the Act, and in April 2010 the central government agreed to sharing the funding for implementing the law in the ratio of 65 to 35 between the centre and the states, and a ratio of 90 to 10 for the north-eastern states. However, in mid 2010, this figure was upgraded to Rs. 2310 billion, and the center agreed to raise its share to 68%.
There is some confusion on this, with other media reports stating that the centre's share of the implementation expenses would now be 70%. At that rate, most states may not need to increase their education budgets substantially.
A critical development in 2011 has been the decision taken in principle to extend the right to education till Class X (age 16) and into the preschool age range. The CABE committee is in the process of looking into the implications of making these changes.
Advisory Council on Implementation.
The Ministry of HRD set up a high-level, 14-member National Advisory Council (NAC) for implementation of the Act. The members include
Status of Implementation.
A report on the status of implementation of the Act was released by the Ministry of Human Resource Development on the one year anniversary of the Act. The report admits that 8.1 million children in the age group six-14 remain out of school and there’s a shortage of 508,000 teachers country-wide. A shadow report by the RTE Forum representing the leading education networks in the country, however, challenging the findings pointing out that several key legal commitments are falling behind the schedule. The Supreme Court of India has also intervened to demand implementation of the Act in the Northeast. It has also provided the legal basis for ensuring pay parity between teachers in government and government aided schools
Haryana Government has assigned the duties and responsibilities to Block Elementary Education Officers–cum–Block Resource Coordinators (BEEOs-cum-BRCs) for effective implementation and continuous monitoring of implementation of Right to Education Act in the State.
Precedents.
It has been pointed out that the RTE act is not new. Universal adult franchise in the act was opposed since most of the population was illiterate. Article 45 in the Constitution of India was set up as an act:
As that deadline was about to be passed many decades ago, the education minister at the time, M C Chagla, memorably said: 
In the 1990s, the World Bank funded a number of measures to set up schools within easy reach of rural communities. This effort was consolidated in the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan model in the 1990s. RTE takes the process further, and makes the enrolment of children in schools a state prerogative.
Criticism.
The act has been criticised for being hastily-drafted, not consulting many groups active in education, not considering the quality of education, infringing on the rights of private and religious minority schools to administer their system, and for excluding children under six years of age. Many of the ideas are seen as continuing the policies of Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan of the last decade, and the World Bank funded District Primary Education Programme DPEP of the '90s, both of which, while having set up a number of schools in rural areas, have been criticised for being ineffective and corruption-ridden.
Quality of education.
The quality of education provided by the government system is not good. While it remains the largest provider of elementary education in the country forming 80% of all recognised schools, it suffers from shortages of teachers, infrastructural gaps and several habitations continue to lack schools altogether. There are also frequent allegations of government schools being riddled with absenteeism and mismanagement and appointments are based on political convenience. Despite the allure of free lunch-food in the government schools, many parents send their children to private schools. Average schoolteacher salaries in private rural schools in some States (about Rs. 4,000 per month) are considerably lower than that in government schools. As a result, proponents of low cost private schools, critiqued government schools as being poor value for money.
Children attending the private schools are seen to be at an advantage, thus discriminating against the weakest sections, who are forced to go to government schools. Furthermore, the system has been criticised as catering to the rural elites who are able to afford school fees in a country where large number of families live in absolute poverty.
The act has been criticised as discriminatory for not addressing these issues. Well-known educationist Anil Sadagopal said of the hurriedly-drafted act: 
Entrepreneur Gurcharan Das noted that 54% of urban children attend private schools, and this rate is growing at 3% per year. "Even the poor children are abandoning the government schools. They are leaving because the teachers are not showing up." However, other researchers have countered the argument by citing that the evidence for higher standards of quality in private schools often disappears when other factors (like family income, parental literacy- all correlated to the parental ability to pay) are controlled for.
Public-private partnership.
To address these quality issues, the Act has provisions for compensating private schools for admission of children under the 25% quota which has been compared to school vouchers, whereby parents may "send" their children in any school, private or public. This measure, along with the increase in PPP (Public Private Partnership) has been viewed by some organisations such as the All-India Forum for Right to Education (AIF-RTE), as the state abdicating its "constitutional obligation towards providing elementary education".
Infringement on private schools.
RTE Act In September 2012, the Supreme Court subsequently declined a review petion of the Act.
Barrier for orphans.
The Act provides for admission of children without any certification. However, several states have continued pre-existing procedures insisting that children produce income and caste certificates, BPL cards and birth certificates. Orphan children are often unable to produce such documents, even though they are willing to do so. As a result, schools are not admitting them, as they require the documents as a condition to admission.
Admissions.
Though Govt says economically backward children are admitted in to private schools under RTE, but the fact is in the states like Andhra Pradesh, Children are admitted in to private schools based on caste based reservations. check page 9 and Point no 4 of this below document

</doc>
<doc id="20021214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021214" title="Felix Montez">
Felix Montez

Felix Raymond Montez (September 17, 1976). In 2005 he was elected to the City of Minneapolis Truth-in-Sales Board and in 2008 he became President of the Minnesota Log Cabin Republicans.
In 2008 Montez announced his candidacy for Minnesota State Representative in Congressional District 5, State Senate District (SD) 59-A as a member of the Republican Party. Before running for State House he was a small business owner, having founded Camden REI Inc. a property management firm that operated mostly in Northeast and North Minneapolis. Montez is a conservative with a strong libertarian streak and a deep respect for the U.S. and Minnesota State Constitutions. Montez managed to secure the GOP delegate endorsement in 2008, despite failing to receive the GOP nominating committees endorsement, which endorsed his rival candidate, for unspecified reasons. At the SD-59 Basic Political Operating Unit (BPOU) convention on March 15, 2008 Montez received the endorsement with more than 60% of the delegate vote during the 2nd round of voting, having failed to take the nomination on the first round by one vote. Montez often claims that he was born to politics, citing his birthday of Sept 17th, which is the U.S. Constitution Day, and his birth year of 1976 which is the U.S. Bicentennial. He continues to be a strong advocate of Hispanic-American rights in the twin cities metropolitan area. Montez signed the Republican Liberty Caucus Liberty Compact on February 2, 2008. He was later endorsed by the Republican Liberty Caucus. As of October 31, 2008 it appears that Felix Montez will be the first Republican elected in Minneapolis in over four decades.
Ron Paul endorsement.
Felix was endorsed by Ron Paul Liberty PAC in 2008. http://www.libertypac.net/html/state.html

</doc>
<doc id="20021217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021217" title="Lupinus nootkatensis">
Lupinus nootkatensis

Lupinus nootkatensis (Nootka lupin) is a lupin native to North America. It grows to 60 cm tall. It was introduced to Europe late in the 18th century.
"Lupinus nootkatensis" (Nootka Lupin) is common on the west coast of North America, and is one of the species from which the garden hybrids are derived, being valued in Britain for its tolerance of cool, wet summers.
In Iceland, the plant has been used to combat erosion. In some places, however, this has caused problems because of the lupin spreading too quickly. It is not native to Iceland but grows very well there. Since other plants find it difficult to root in the loose, eroded soil where it is generally planted, the lupin can grow unhindered and creates monocultures which prevent native flora to flourish.

</doc>
<doc id="20021221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021221" title="Roger Gray">
Roger Gray

Roger Winks Gray (1921–1996) was the Holbrook Working Professor of Commodity Price Studies professor emeritus at Stanford University. He was a noted expert on agricultural futures markets. He died September 5, 1996 at the age of 76.
Born and raised in Watseka, Illinois, Gray received his A.B. and M.A. from the University of Colorado. After serving in the US Army, he attended the University of Minnesota, where he received his Ph.D. in 1953. He taught at both Colorado and Minnesota was a research assistant at the U.S. Department of Agriculture and was an assistant economist with the Bank of America before joining Stanford in 1954.
Gray's early research concerned the potato market, analyzing the then evident decline in consumption of potatoes, the changing regional pattern of production, and
the role of government policy in causing these changes. His research included studies of intertemporal pricing patterns, the causes of market success and failure, the role of speculators and hedgers in futures markets, and whether there is a necessary transfer of a risk premium to speculators. More recently he had studied world food problems, particularly as they relate to trade issues and the appropriate means of dealing with food reserves.
Gray was a consultant for such policy and regulatory bodies as the Chicago Board of Trade, the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, as well as an expert witness in a number of famous manipulation and tax cases. He was the first to study the feasibility of a futures market in mortgage-backed instruments, the success of which in the 1970s inaugurated the huge growth of the financial futures markets. After his retirement in 1984, he maintained an active schedule as a consultant in the commodities market.
Gray wrote more than 50 professional articles related to commodity futures markets. His major lines of investigation and studies of major regulatory issues affecting futures markets. One study won the American Agricultural Economics Association's annual award for best published research; another was recognized by the Association for its enduring contribution to the literature. Many of his articles continue to be widely used in courses on futures markets.
He published a 1963 study concluding that the Onion Futures Act, which was designed to prevent market manipulation in onion prices by banning onion futures trading, had actually increased onion price volatility.

</doc>
<doc id="20021256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021256" title="Banach–Mazur compactum">
Banach–Mazur compactum

In the mathematical study of functional analysis, the Banach–Mazur distance is a way to define a distance on the set "Q"("n") of "n"-dimensional normed spaces. If "X" and "Y" are two finite-dimensional normed spaces with the same dimension, let GL("X","Y") denote the collection of all linear isomorphisms "T" : "X" → "Y". The Banach–Mazur distance between "X" and "Y" is defined by
Equipped with the metric "δ", the space "Q"("n") is a compact metric space, called the Banach–Mazur compactum.
Many authors prefer to work with the "multiplicative Banach–Mazur distance"
for which "d"("X", "Z") ≤ "d"("X", "Y") "d"("Y", "Z") and "d"("X", "X") = 1.
F. John's theorem on the maximal ellipsoid contained in a convex body gives the estimate:
where ℓ"n"2 denotes R"n" with the Euclidean norm (see the article on "L""p" spaces).
From this it follows that "d"("X", "Y") ≤ "n" for every couple ("X", "Y") in "Q"("n"). However, for the classical spaces, this upper bound for the diameter of "Q"("n") is far from being approached. For example, the distance between ℓ"n"1 and ℓ"n"∞ is (only) of order "n"1/2 (up to a multiplicative constant independent from the dimension "n").
A major achievement in the direction of estimating the diameter of "Q"("n") is due to E. Gluskin, who proved in 1981 that the (multiplicative) diameter of the Banach–Mazur compactum is bounded below by "c" "n", for some universal "c" > 0.
Gluskin's method introduces a class of random symmetric polytopes "P"("ω") in R"n", and the normed spaces "X"("ω") having "P"("ω") as unit ball (the vector space is R"n" and the norm is the gauge of "P"("ω")). The proof consists in showing that the required estimate is true with large probability for two independent copies of the normed space "X"("ω").
"Q"(2) is an absolute extensor. On the other hand, "Q"(2) is not homeomorphic to a Hilbert cube.

</doc>
<doc id="20021260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021260" title="Mary-Ann Ochota">
Mary-Ann Ochota

Mary-Ann Ochota (born 8 May 1981) is a British broadcaster and anthropologist specialising in anthropology, archaeology, social history and adventure factual television.
Biography.
Ochota was born and grew up in Wincham, near Northwich, in Cheshire to Indian and Polish parents. She studied at the sixth form college of Sir John Deane's College in Cheshire, and was a member of 146 Sqn Air Training Corps. From 1999 to 2002 she studied Archaeology and Anthropology at Emmanuel College, Cambridge.
In 2008, she married children's author Joe Craig.
Presenting.
Ochota is the co-presenter for Series 19 (2012) of Channel 4's archaeology show "Time Team" with Tony Robinson, and has presented for Discovery Networks ("Squeamish", 2012), Nat Geo ("The Truth Behind King Arthur", 2011) and for the BBC.
She co-presented the documentary "Silbury: The Heart of the Hill" for BBC Four with Neil Oliver about the neolithic mound Silbury Hill in Wiltshire. She was part of the expert panel on a BBC Two daytime game show "Identity" in 2007, hosted by Donny Osmond. She was the resident anthropologist on BBC Three's "Castaway Exposed", the sister show to BBC "Castaway 2007", hosted by Richard Bacon. She has contributed to current affairs radio programme "Weekend World Today" on the BBC World Service.
Other work.
Ochota modelled for several commercials including Kellogg's Special K.
She has been chairman and interviewer at the annual Institute of Art and Ideas Crunch arts festivals and HowTheLightGetsIn Philosophy festivals, and she regularly blogs for The Independent's Notebook.
Sources.
[https://web.archive.org/web/20120403212318/http://www.noelgay.com//html/artist_presenter.php?id=154] Noel Gay artist's page via Internet Archive
[https://web.archive.org/web/20070718154048/http://www.handbag.com/galleries/gallery/gossip/celebrity_lives/healthfit_curvymodels/MemberID=15/] Handbag.com via the Internet Archive

</doc>
<doc id="20021264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021264" title="DSR-50">
DSR-50

The DSR-50 is a bolt-action anti-materiel rifle developed and marketed by DSR-precision GmbH of Germany, and is essentially an upscaled DSR-1 chambered in .50 BMG (12.7×99mm NATO).
Manufactured by DSR-Precision GmbH, the DSR-50 is based on the DSR-1 sniper rifle and includes modifications necessary to the fire the more powerful .50 caliber round, including hydraulic recoil buffer in the buttstock and an innovative muzzle attachment. This muzzle device, described as a 'blast compensator', is a combination sound suppressor and muzzle brake, and is notable in its attempt at moderating the .50BMG's muzzle blast and recoil, unlike contemporary large-caliber rifles which are typically equipped with muzzle brakes only. Like the DSR-1, this rifle retains its bullpup configuration, allowing a longer barrel while retaining a shorter OAL (overall length), which is an important consideration for large caliber rounds such as .50 BMG, and focuses the weapon's balance towards the buttstock, compensating for the muzzle heavy attachments standard on the DSR-50. The DSR-50 also retains some of the DSR-1's features, such as a top mounted bipod, monopod, free-floating barrel, fully adjustable cheekrest, buttstock and foregrip, and forward magazine holder.

</doc>
<doc id="20021265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021265" title="Mazil">
Mazil

Mazil is the name of a boyar of the landed gentry in Wallachia and Moldavia, having no state or court function. The title of mazil attested that the bearer was of noble origin ("din os boieresc", literally "of boyar bones"). Mazili often formed separate military cavalry corps. The name is of uncertain origin, according to some researchers being of Turkish or Arabic origin or Southern Russian.

</doc>
<doc id="20021266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021266" title="Max Deubel">
Max Deubel

Max Deubel (born 5 February 1935 in Wiehl, Germany) is a retired German sidecar racer. He was four time FIM Sidecar World Champion and a three-time Isle of Man Sidecar TT winner. In 1962 Deubel and passenger Emil Hörner were the first sidecar team to lap the Isle of Man TT course at over per hour. Deubel and Hörner were awarded the 1966 Sidecar World Championship after Fritz Scheidegger and John Robinson were excluded for a fuel irregularity at the Isle of Man TT, but on appeal Scheidegger and Robinson were reinstated three months later. Deubel retired after the 1966 season and has remained involved in motorsport as an FIM official.

</doc>
<doc id="20021269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021269" title="Wurmbea monantha">
Wurmbea monantha

Wurmbea monantha is a perennial herb that is native to Western Australia. The white to pink flowers are produced between July and September in its native range. 
The species was first formally described in 1846 by Austrian botanist Stephen Endlicher in "Plantae Preissianae", based on plant material collected from Perth. He gave it the name "Anguillaria monantha". The species was transferred to the genus "Wurmbea" in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="20021274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021274" title="Boulding">
Boulding

Boulding is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20021276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021276" title="Mexican muralism">
Mexican muralism

Mexican muralism was the promotion of mural painting starting in the 1920s, generally with social and political messages as part of efforts to reunify the country under the post Mexican Revolution government. It was headed by “the big three” painters, Diego Rivera, José Clemente Orozco and David Alfaro Siqueiros. From the 1920s to about 1970s a large number of murals with nationalistic, social and political messages were created on public buildings, starting a tradition which continues to this day in Mexico and has had impact in other parts of the Americas, including the United States where it served as inspiration for the Chicano art movement.
Antecedents.
Mexico has had a tradition of painting murals, starting with the Olmec civilization in the pre Hispanic period and into the colonial period, with murals mostly painted to evangelize and reinforce Christian doctrine. The modern tradition has its roots in the 19th century, with this use of political and social themes. The first Mexican mural painter to use philosophical themes in his work was Juan Cordero in the mid 19th century. Although he did mostly work with religious themes such as the cupola of the Santa Teresa Church and other churches, he painted a secular mural at the request of Gabino Barreda at the Escuela Nacional Preparatoria (since disappeared).
The latter 19th century was dominated politically by the Porfirio Díaz regime. This government was the first to push for the cultural development of the country, supporting the Academy of San Carlos and sending promising artists abroad to study. However, this effort left out indigenous culture and people, with aim of making Mexico like Europe. Gerardo Murillo, also known as Dr. Atl, is considered to be the first modern Mexican muralists with the idea that Mexican art should reflect Mexican life. Academy training and the government had only promoted imitations of European art. Atl and other early muralists pressured the Diaz government to allow them to paint on building walls to escape this formalism. Atl also organized an independent exhibition of native Mexican artists promoting many indigenous and national themes along with color schemes that would later appear in mural painting. The first modern Mexican mural, painted by Atl, was a series of female nudes using “Atlcolor” a substance Atl invented himself, very shortly before the beginning of the Mexican Revolution . Another influence on the young artists of the late Porfirian period was the graphic work of José Guadalupe Posada, who mocked European styles and created cartoons with social and political criticism.
The Mexican Revolution itself was the culmination of political and social opposition to Porfirio Díaz policies. One important oppositional group was a small intellectual community that included Antonio Curo, Alfonso Reyes and José Vasconcelos. They promoted a populist philosophy that coincided with the social and political criticism of Atl and Posada and influenced the next generation of painters such as Diego Rivera, José Clemente Orozco and David Alfaro Siqueiros.
These ideas gained power as a result of the Mexican Revolution, which overthrew the Díaz regime in less than a year. However, there was nearly a decade of fighting among the various factions vying for power. Governments changed frequently with a number of assassination, including that of Francisco I. Madero who initiated the struggle. It ended in the early 1920s with one-party rule in the hands of the Álvaro Obregón faction, which became the Partido Revolucionario Institucional (PRI). During the Revolution, Atl supported the Carranza faction and promoted the work of Rivera, Orozco and Siqueiros, who would later be the founders of the muralism movement. Through the war and until 1921, Atl continued to paint murals among other activities including teaching the Mexico’s next generation of artists and muralists.
Mural movement.
In 1921, after the end of the Revolution, José Vasconcelos was appointed to head the Secretaría de Educación Pública. At the time, most of the Mexican population was illiterate and the government needed a way to promote the ideals of the Mexican Revolution. It was Vasconcelos’ idea have a government-backed mural program for this purpose. Similar to mural use in the pre Hispanic period and during the colonial period, the purpose of these murals were not simply aesthetic, but social, to promote certain ideals. These ideals or principles were to glorify the Mexican Revolution and the identity of Mexico as a mestizo nation, with the indigenous promoted as well as the Spanish. The government began to hire the country’s best artists to paint murals, calling some of them home from Europe including Diego Rivera. These initial muralists included Dr. Atl, Ramón Alva de la Canal and others but the main three would be David Alfaro Siqueiros, José Clemente Orozco and Diego Rivera. His time as secretary was short but it set how muralism would develop. His image was painted on a tempera mural in 1921 by Roberto Montenegro, but this was short lived. His successor at the Secretaría de Educación Pública ordered it painted out. The muralists differed in style and temperament, but all believed that art was for the education and betterment of the people. This was behind their acceptance of these commissions as well as their creation of the Syndicate of Technical Workers, Painters, and Sculptors. 
The first government sponsored mural project was on the three levels of interior walls of the old San Ildefonso College, at that time used for the Escuela National Preparatoria. However, most of the murals in the Escuela National Preparatoria were done by José Clemente Orozco with themes of a mestizo Mexico, the ideas of renovation and the tragedies of the Revolution. This project was followed by the Palacio Nacional, the interior walls of the Palacio de Bellas Artes, the Escuela Nacional de Chapingo the Escuela Nacional de Medicina and the Secretaria de Educación Pública building among many others.
The movement was strongest from the 1920s to the 1950s, which corresponded to the country’s transformation from a mostly rural and mostly illiterate society to an industrialized one. While today they are part of Mexico’s identity, at the time they were controversial, especially those with socialist messages plastered on centuries-old colonial buildings. One of the basic underpinnings of the nascence of a post revolutionary Mexican art was that it should be public, available to the citizenry and above all not the province of a few wealthy collectors. The great societal upheaval made the concept possible as well as a lack of relatively wealthy middle class to support the arts. On this, the painters and the government agreed. One other point of agreement was that artists should have complete freedom of expression. This would lead to another element added to the murals over their development. In addition to the original ideas of a reconstructed Mexico and the elevation of Mexico’s indigenous and rural identity, many of the muralists, including the three main painters, also included elements of Marxism, especially the struggle of the working class against oppression.
The inception and early years of Mexico's muralist movement are often considered the most ideologically pure and untainted by contradictions between socialist ideals and government manipulation. This initial phase is referred as the "heroic" phase while the period after 1930 is the "statist" phase with the transition to the latter phase caused by Jose Vasconcelos's resignation in 1924. Scholar Mary Coffey describes those who "acknowledge a change but refrain from judgment about its consequences" as taking the soft line and those who see all murals after 1930 as "propaganda for a corrupt state" as taking a hard line. Those who take the soft line stance see the evolution of Mexican muralism as having an uncomplicated relationship with the government and as an accurate reflection of avant-garde and proletariat sentiments. However, hard liners see the movement as complicit in the corrupt government's power consolidation under the guise of a socialist regime.
Art historian Leonard Folgarait has a slightly different view. He marks 1940 as the end of the post-revolutionary period in Mexico as well as the renaissance era of the muralist movement. The conclusion of the Lázaro Cárdenas administration (1934 – 1940) and the beginning of the Manuel Camacho (1940 – 1946) administration saw the rise of an ultraconservative Mexico. The country’s policy was aimed at maintaining and strengthening a capitalist society. Mural artists like the Big Three spent the post-revolutionary period developing their work based on the promises of a better future, and with the advent of conservatism they lost their subject and their voice.
The Mexican government began to distance itself from mural projects and mural production became relatively privatized. This privatization was a result of patronage from the growing national bourgeoisie. Murals were increasingly contracted for theaters, banks, and hotels.
Artistry.
Mexican populist art production from the 1920s to the 1950s is often grouped under the name of “Escuela Mexicana de Pintura (y Escultura) (Mexican School of Painting and Sculpture), coined in the 1930s by art historians and critics. The term is not well-defined as it does not distinguish among some important stylistic and thematic difference, there is no firm agreement which artists belong to it nor if muralism should be considered part of it or separate. It is not a school in the classic sense of the word as it includes work by more than one generation and with different styles that sometimes clash. However, it does involve a number of important characteristics. Mexican School mural painting was a combination of public ideals and artistic aesthics “positioned as a constituent of the official public sphere.” Three formal components of official Mexican muralism are defined as:
1) Direct participation in official publicity and discourse
2) Reciprocal integration of the visual discourse of the mural to an array of communicative practices participant in defining official publicity (including a variety of scriptural genres, but also public speech, debate and provocative public “event”)
3) The development and public thematizing of a social-realist aesthetic (albeit multiform in character) as the visual register for the public sense of the mural work and as the doxic, or unquestioned, limits for public dispute over the representational space of the mural image
Most painters in this school worked in Mexico City or other cities in Mexico, working almost uninterrupted on projects and/or as teachers, generally with support of the government. Most were concerned with the history and identity of Mexico and politically active. Most art from this school was not created for direct sale but rather for diffusion in both Mexico and abroad. Most were formally trained, often studying in Europe and/or in the Academy of San Carlos. 
A large quantity of murals were produced in most of the country from the 1920s to 1970, generally with themes related to politics and nationalism focused often on the Mexican Revolution, mestizo identity and Mesoamerican cultural history. These served as a form of cohesion among members of the movement. The political and nationalistic aspects had little directly to do with the Mexican Revolution, especially in the later decades. The goal was more to glorify it and its results as a means to legitimatize the post Revolution government. The other political orientation was that of Marxism, especially class struggle. This was strongest in the early movement with Rivera, Orozco and Siqueiros all avowed communists. The political messages became less radical but they remained firmly to the left. Much of the mural production glorified the indigenous aspect of Mexican culture, considering it an important factor in the creation of modern Mexico. This was added with the idea of reexamining the country’s history from a different perspective. One other aspect that most of the muralists shared was a rejection of the idea that art was only for the elite, but rather as a benefit for the masses.
The murals took on monumental status because of where they were situated, mostly on the walls of colonial era government buildings and the themes that were painted. The mural painters of Mexico freely shared ideas and techniques as they were a closely knit group. However, the work of each was distinctive as the government did not set style and artists can generally be deduced without looking at signatures. Techniques included the revival of old techniques such as the fresco, painting on freshly plastered walls and encaustic or hot wax painting . Others used mosaics and high fire ceramics, as well as metal parts, and layers of cement. The most innovative of the artists was Siqueiros who worked with pyroxlene, a commercial enamel and Duco (used to paint cars), resins, asbestos, old machinery and was one of the first to use airbrush for artistic purposes. He pored, sprayed, dripped and splattered paint for the effects they created haphazardly.
Los Tres Grandes.
By far, the three most influential muralists from the 20th century are Diego Rivera, José Clemente Orozco and David Siqueiros, called “los tres grandes” (the three great ones). All believed that art was the highest form of human expression and a key force in social revolution. Their work defined the movement taking over from Vasconcelos. It created a mythology around the Mexican Revolution and the Mexican people which is still influential to this day, as well as promote Marxist ideals. At the time the works were painted, they also served as a form of catharsis over what the country had endured during the war. However, the three were different in their artistic expression. Rivera’s works were utopian and idealist, Orozco’s were critical and pessimistic and the most radical were those of Siqueiros, heavily focused on a scientific future. The differences among the three have much to do with how each experienced the Mexican Revolution. Rivera was in Europe the entire time and did not fight. He never depicted the horrors of the war but what he perceived to be the social benefits from it. The other two did and both did express the horrors of war in their work. There was resentment to Rivera by the other two because of it, especially from Siquieros.
Of the three, Rivera was the most traditional in terms of painting styles, drawing heavily from European modernism. In his narrative mural images, Rivera incorporated elements of cubism His themes were Mexican, often scenes of everyday life and images of ancient Mexico. He originally painted this in bright colors in the European style but modified it to more earthy tones to imitate indigenous murals. His greatest contribution is the promotion of Mexico’s indigenous past into how many people both inside and outside of the country view it.
Orozco also began with a European style of expression. However his art developed into an angry denunciation of oppression especially by those he considered to be an evil and brutal rules class. His work was somber and dire, with emphasis on human suffering and fear of the technology of the future. His work shows an "expressionist use of color, slashing lines, and parodic distortions of the human figure." Like most other muralists, Orozco condemned the Spanish as destroyers of indigenous culture, but he did have kinder depictions such as that of a Franciscan friar tending to an emaciated indigenous period. Unlike other artists, Orozco never glorified the Mexican Revolution, having fought in it, but rather depicted the horrors of this war. It caused many of his murals to be heavily criticized and even defaced.
Siqueiros was the youngest and most radical of the three. He joined the Venustiano Carranza army when he was eighteen and experienced the Revolution from the front lines. Although all three muralists were communists, Siqueiros was the most dedicated evidenced by his portrayals of the proletarian masses. His work is also characterized with rapid, sweeping, bold lines and the use of modern enamels, machinery and other elements related to technology. His style showed a "futurist blurring of form and technique." His fascination with technology as it relates to art was exemplified when he emphasized the mass communications visual technology of photograph and motion picture in his eventual movement toward neorealism. His radical politics made him unwelcome in Mexico and the United States, so he did much of his work in South America. However, his masterpiece is considered to be the Polyforum Cultural Siqueiros, located in Mexico City.
The Big Three struggled to express their leftist leanings after the initial years painting murals under government supervision. These struggles with the post-revolution government lead the muralists to create a union of artists and produce a radical manifesto. The Secretary of Public Education under Obregon contracted Rivera, Siqueiros, and Orozco to pursue painting with the moral and financial support of the new post-revolutionary government. Vasconcelos, while seeking to promote nationalism and “raza cosmica,” seemed to contradict this sentiment as he guided the muralists to create works in a classic, European style. The murals became a target of Vasconcelos’s criticism when the Big Three departed from classical proportion and figure. Siqueiros was dissatisfied with the incongruity between the murals and the revolutionary concerns of the muralists, and he advocated discussion among the artists of their future works. 
In 1922 the muralists founded the Union of Revolutionary Technical Workers, Painters, and Sculptors of Mexico. The Union then released a manifesto listing education, art of public utility, and beauty for all as the social goals of their future artistic endeavors.
Influence.
After nearly a century since the beginning of the movement, Mexican artists still produce murals and other forms of art with the same “mestizo” message. Murals can be found in government buildings, former churches and schools in nearly every part of the country. One recent example is a cross cultural project in 2009 to paint a mural in the municipal market of Teotitlán del Valle, a small town in the state of Oaxaca. High school and college student from Georgia, United States, collaborated with town authorities to design and paint a mural to promote nutrition, environmental protection, education and the preservation of Zapotec language and customs.
Mexican muralism brought mural painting back to the forefront of Western art in the 20th century with its influence spreading abroad, especially promoting the idea of mural painting as a form of promoting social and political ideas. It offered an alternative to non-representational abstraction after World War I with figurative works that reflect society and its immediate concerns. While most Mexican muralists had little desire to be part of the international art scene, their influence spread to other parts of the Americas. Notable muralists influenced by Mexican muralism include Carlos Mérida of Guatemala, Oswaldo Guayasamín of Ecuador and Candido Portinari of Brazil .
Rivera, Orozco, and Siqueiros all spent time in the United States. Orozco was the first to paint murals in the late 1920s at Pomona College in Claremont, California, staying until 1934 and becoming popular with academic institutions. During the Great Depression, the Works Progress Administration employed artists to paint murals, which paved the way for Mexican muralists to find commissions in the country. Rivera lived in the United States from 1930 to 1934. During this time, he put on an influential show of his easel work at the Museum of Modern Art. The success of Orozco and Rivera prompted U.S. artists to study in Mexico and opened doors for many other Mexican artists to find work in the country. Siqueiros did not fare as well. He was exiled to the US from Mexico in 1932, moving to Los Angeles. During this time, he painted three murals, but they were painted over. América Tropical, the only surviving public mural by David Alfaro Siqueiros in the United States 
is being conserved and construction of an adjoining visitor center is expected to be completed by 2012 or 2013.
The concept of mural as political message was transplanted to the United States, especially in the former Mexican territory of the Southwest. It served as inspiration to the later Chicano Mural Movement but the political messages are different.

</doc>
<doc id="20021283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021283" title="Enterprise life cycle">
Enterprise life cycle

Enterprise Life Cycle (ELC) in enterprise architecture is the dynamic, iterative process of changing the enterprise over time by incorporating new business processes, new technology, and new capabilities, as well as maintenance, disposition and disposal of existing elements of the enterprise.
Overview.
The enterprise life cycle is a concept in Enterprise Architecture (EA). The Enterprise Architecture process is closely related to other processes, such as enterprise engineering and program management cycle, more commonly known as the Systems Development Life Cycle. This concept aids in the implementation of an Enterprise Architecture, and the Capital Planning and Investment Control (CPIC) process that selects, controls, and evaluates investments. Overlying these processes are human capital management and information security management. When these processes work together effectively, the enterprise can effectively manage information technology as a strategic resource and business process enabler. When these processes are properly synchronized, systems migrate efficiently from legacy technology environments through evolutionary and incremental developments, and the Agency is able to demonstrate its return on investment (ROI). The figure on top illustrates the interaction of the dynamic and interactive cycles as they would occur over time.
Enterprise Life Cycle topics.
Enterprise Architecture Process.
As a prerequisite to the development of every enterprise architecture, each Agency should establish the need to develop an EA and formulate a strategy that includes the definition of a vision, objectives, and principles. The figure shows a representation of the EA process. Executive buy-in and support should be established and an architectural team created within the organization. The team defines an approach and process tailored to Agency needs. The architecture team implements the process to build both the baseline and target EAs. The architecture team also generates a sequencing plan for the transition of systems, applications, and associated business practices predicated upon a detailed gap analysis. The architecture is employed in the CPIC and the enterprise engineering and program management processes via prioritized, incremental projects and the insertion of emerging new technologies. Lastly, the architectures are maintained through a continuous modification to reflect the Agency's current baseline and target business practices, organizational goals, visions, technology, and infrastructure.
Architecture Life Cycle.
The figure depicts the life of the architecture as it evolves and shows the process that the architecture description supports in the development, analysis, and evolution of the implemented architecture. In this illustration, the Operational View is used to drive the requirements that are evaluated against the Systems View. Operational deficiencies are derived from the analysis, and viable candidates are identified. These candidates can take the form of either materiel or non- materiel solutions and are modeled back into the Operational and Systems Views of the architecture. 
The architecture is re-analyzed, and the process continues until the operational deficiencies are minimized. The final sets of viable candidates are assessed for operational viability. Based on the results of the assessments, design changes are made and submitted for inclusion into the budgeting process. This process of developing, analyzing, and modifying continues throughout the architecture’s life cycle.
Enterprise Life Cycle activities.
An Enterprise Life Cycle integrates the management, business, and engineering life cycle processes that span the enterprise to align its business and IT activities. Enterprise Life Cycle refers generally to an organization’s approach for managing activities and making decisions during ongoing refreshment of business and technical practices to support its enterprise mission. These activities include investment management, project definition, configuration management, accountability, and guidance for systems development according to a System Development Life Cycle (SDLC). The Enterprise Life Cycle applies to enterprise-wide planning activities and decision making. By contrast, a System Development Life Cycle generally refers to practices for building individual systems. Determining what systems to build is an enterprise-level decision. 
The figure on the right depicts notional activities of an Enterprise Life Cycle methodology. Within the context of this document, Enterprise Life Cycle does not refer to a specific methodology or a specific bureau’s approach. Each organization needs to follow a documented Enterprise Life Cycle methodology appropriate to its size, the complexity of its enterprise, and the scope of its needs.
Enterprise Performance Life Cycle.
The Enterprise Performance Life Cycle (EPLC) encompasses the major business functions executed under the Office of the Chief Information Officer (CIO), and in particular shows at a high level the relationship among the different business functions and both the general order and the iterative nature of their execution. The placement of enterprise architecture in the center of the EPLC conceptual diagram, shown in the figure, reflects the supporting and enabling role that enterprise architecture serves for the major business functions in the Enterprise Performance Life Cycle.
The Enterprise Architecture (EA) Program explicitly considers the information needs of the Enterprise Performance Life Cycle (EPLC) processes in developing and enhancing the EA Framework, collecting and populating data in the EA Repository, and developing views, reports, and analytical tools that can be used to facilitate the execution of the EPLC processes. The EPLC conceptual diagram in the figure provides a Departmental perspective of key business functions. The EPLC is also relevant from an individual investment or project perspective, as each new investment passes through each phase of the EPLC. The investment-level perspective is detailed in the Enterprise Performance Life Cycle Framework.

</doc>
<doc id="20021298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021298" title="Gwimokbong">
Gwimokbong

Gwimokbong is a mountain in Gapyeong County, Gyeonggi-do in South Korea. It rests between the peaks of Cheonggyesan and Myeongjisan. Gwimokbong has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20021302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021302" title="AL-34662">
AL-34662

AL-34662 is an indazole derivative drug that is being developed for the treatment of glaucoma. It acts as a selective 5-HT2A receptor agonist, the same target as that of psychedelic drugs like psilocin, but unlike these drugs, AL-34662 was designed specifically as a peripherally selective drug, which does not cross the blood–brain barrier. This means that AL-34662 can exploit a useful side effect of the hallucinogenic 5-HT2A agonists, namely reduction in intra-ocular pressure and hence relief from the symptoms of glaucoma, but without causing the hallucinogenic effects that make centrally active 5-HT2A agonists unsuitable for clinical use. In animal studies, AL-34662 has been shown to be potent and effective in the treatment of symptoms of glaucoma, with minimal side effects.
Peripherally acting 5-HT2A agonists have been a rich field of research in recent years, with potential glaucoma treatments being the main proposed application for 5-HT2A agonists at present, as centrally acting agonists for this receptor tend to be hallucinogenic and thus have little medical use. While many novel, potent and selective 5-HT2A agonists have been developed for this application, retaining peripheral selectivity can be a problem, and several of the more lipophilic compounds closely related to AL-34662 such as those shown below, did cross the blood–brain barrier and produced hallucinogen-appropriate responding in animals.

</doc>
<doc id="20021314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021314" title="Public viewing area">
Public viewing area

A public viewing area is a space set aside for members of the public to safely view sites of interest, such as airports, railroads, construction sites or other facilities. Sometimes they are known as visitor centers or interpretive sites.
In locations that have inherent dangers and would not normally be accessible to the public, viewing areas provide a way to satiate the public curiosity without exposing inordinate risk. Many sites contain descriptive signs, viewing pavilions, picnic facilities, toilets, radio receivers and brochures.
Examples.
Locks and dams.
Many lock and dam facilities along the various rivers in the US have public viewing areas, including:
Construction sites.
These are, by necessity, often temporary in nature. Harkening back to the "knotholes" in fences used by passersby to view the progress of a site, some large projects provide a glimpse into the construction by intentionally placing viewing ports in fences, often geared toward selling space in the final project.
Sports venues.
Some stadiums provide locations where the public can view games in progress without entering the stadium or paying for an admission. AT&T Park in San Francisco, California, home of the San Francisco Giants has such an area.

</doc>
<doc id="20021331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021331" title="Queen Liz">
Queen Liz

Queen Liz was the pseudonym of an American thief and pickpocket who was a prominent member of New York's underworld during the mid-to late 19th century. She was among the elite "inner circle" of female career criminals under Marm Mandelbaum during the 1860s and 1870s. Among these included fellow thieves, blackmailers and confidence women such as Lena Kleinschmidt, Sophie Lyons, Kid Glove Rosey, Little Annie, Big Mary and Old Mother Hubbard, all of whom were regular guests at her extravagant dinner parties.

</doc>
<doc id="20021348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021348" title="Frederick Reefs">
Frederick Reefs

Frederick Reef is in the Coral Sea Islands, over northeast of Gladstone, Queensland. The reef gets its name from the "Frederick", which first reported sighting of the reef.
Frederick Reef is a small atoll with a large rock called Ridge Rock at the southern end, a sand cay called Observatory Cay and a lighthouse at the northern end the only permanently dry land, although there are a few of others cays that can be awash at high tide. The reef is around 30km2. 
The reefs forms a J shape to form a semi-enclosed lagoon, known as Anchorage Sound, with an opening on the North side. The complex measures about , with an area of . 
The reef is located is some deep water and drops sharply to over on the western side.
General description.
The Frederick Reefs are a small group of remote reefs located beyond the southern reaches of the Great Barrier Reef, 
The reef complex lies due east from the city of Mackay, Queensland or northeast of the city of Gladstone. The reefs are part of the southern reefs of the Coral Sea and as such are located in deep oceanic waters off the Coral Sea Shelf.
Aside from its costal neighbours, it also lies east from the Swains Reefs; the lower part of the Great Barrier Reef. Frederick Reefs is approximately northeast of the Saumarez Reefs and west of the northwest extremity of Kenn Reefs.
The reefs form a semi-enclosed lagoon or body of water known as Anchorage Sound; protected on most sides but open on the north side. On the southern side of the reef lies Observatory Cay, (21°02'S., 154°23'E.), the only permanently dry land, although there are a few of others cays that can be awash at high tide. Observatory Cay is approximately above sea level; with a possible landing site on its northern side through a boat channel which leads in from North East through the reef. As the cay lies near the southern edge of the reef, the surf sometimes breaks over it in heavy gales. 
Similar to other smaller sand cays and spits, the position of the sand spit can move. In 1983, it was reported that Observatory Cay lay about west of the charted position. It has also been reported that the reef complex has at least 4 or 5 other sand cays on the southern reef which does not cover with water at high tide other than Observatory Cay.
A solitary leaning rock, high, lies on the western extremity of the Observatory Cay southern reef, west-northwest of Observatory Cay. 
From Observatory Cay, the southern part of the reef extends to the north and northeast for .
Danger Ridge (21°00'S., 154°21'E.) is a narrow ridge connecting the western end of Observation Cay and Ridge Rock. 
The North Reef Extreme is located to the north of Observatory Cay with its southern extremity about north southern extremity of the Observatory Cay reef. It is about long and about wide. A small cay ls located south of Frederick Reef Light. The Light has a nominal range of , and stands at an elevation of 
History.
Discovery.
The reefs were discovered in 1812 by the "Frederick". The reefs were described in the ship's log:
Shipwreck of "Royal Charlotte".
On 29 April 1825, "Royal Charlotte" arrived in Sydney from England with a load of convicts. The ship then took on detachments of the 20th, 46th, and 49th Regiments for transport to India by Batavia. On 11 June, the ship ran aground on Frederick Reefs; the masts were cut away to steady her while the crew and soldiers moved to shore with water and provisions before she sank. Only two lives were lost. A party took the surviving longboat and travelled to Moreton Bay, arriving in July and causing the brig "Amity" to be desptached to collect survivors.
The discovery of the wreck was announced in January 2012.
Grounding of USS "Tiru".
On 2 November 1966, the United States submarine USS "Tiru" departed from Subic Bay. On 4 November, the submarine ran aground on Frederick Reefs. For two days, the submarine attempted to back off the reef under her own power, but was unsuccessful. On 6 November, Australian destroyer HMAS "Vendetta" and civilian tugboat "Carlock" arrived to assist the salvage of "Tiru". The submarine was towed to Brisbane, where she was drydocked for emergency repairs and damage assessment.
Following temporary repairs to her sonar dome, outer hull, and keel, the submarine gingerly made her way from Australia to the United States Naval Ship Repair Facility, Yokosuka, Japan. En route, "Tiru" called at Guam to provision alongside and pick up new crew members. Arriving at Yokosuka on 29 November, the submarine entered drydock for restricted availability.
Grounding of "Jhansi Ki Rani".
On 23 April 1986, "Jhansi Ki Rani", an India-flagged bulk carrier departed from Newcastle, New South Wales for Japan with 74,000 tonnes of coal on board. The route for the voyage had been planned and plotted by the Second Officer, approved by the Master, and was to take the vessel east of Frederick Reef sometime on 26 April.
During the Second Officer's watch, constant rain had reduced visibility from to . At 1515, an object was detected on radar, away to port. It was assumed that this was the Frederick Reefs Lighthouse, but was actually another ship, MV "Fort Resolution". Two hours later, another radar echo was picked up, away. While attempting to clarify the indistinct radar signal, it became obscured by rain clutter, then vanished. Assumed to be a ship, the lookout was instructed to keep watch off the starboard bow. The ship's Master arrived on the bridge at 1725, to confirm the progress of the voyage and to prepare for the passing of Frederick Reefs.
Shortly after this, the Chief Officer and lookout both reported a white line close ahead; waves breaking over the edge of the reef. The ship was ordered to swing hard to port, but did not swing far enough to clear the southern edge of the reef, running aground from the tower. The engines were stopped, and at 1736 were put full astern in an attempt to pull the ship off the reef. After almost two hours, the failed attempts ceased.
The vessel was recovered and refloated on 4 May, and after being anchored for inspection, was towed to Singapore for repairs, then put up for auction with her cargo of coal.

</doc>
<doc id="20021356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021356" title="Jim Archibald">
Jim Archibald

James L. Archibald (born June 6, 1961) is a Canadian former ice hockey player. He played right wing and played in the National Hockey League for the Minnesota North Stars. He is currently the Head Hockey Coach of the Brainerd Warriors in Brainerd, Minnesota. 
After playing in junior level with the Moose Jaw Canuks, Archibald was drafted in the 7th round, 139th overall by the Minnesota North Stars in the 1981 NHL Entry Draft. He attended school at the University of North Dakota the same year until 1985. In his NHL career he played in 16 regular season games scoring one goal and two assists. He also had spells in the American Hockey League for the Springfield Indians and the International Hockey League with the Kalamazoo Wings. 
While head coach at Brainerd, his son, Josh Archibald, played there. After his senior season, Josh was drafted by the Pittsburgh Penguins in the 6th round of the 2011 NHL Entry Draft. Josh was a finalist for the Minnesota Mr. Hockey Award in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20021363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021363" title="Izumi Station (Kagoshima)">
Izumi Station (Kagoshima)

The station opened on October 15, 1923.

</doc>
<doc id="20021364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021364" title="Ruby Theater (Chelan, Washington)">
Ruby Theater (Chelan, Washington)

The Ruby Theater is a small movie theater in Chelan, Washington. Built in 1913, it was named after Ruby Potter, the daughter of its manager, 
Frank Potter. The original owners were Herbert R. Kingman and Morrison M. Kingman. Original seating capacity was 225 on the main level and 125 in the balcony. The theater was equipped as a cinema and as a vaudeville house. With the exception of 1972-1974, the Ruby has been showing movies for over ninety years, and is one of the oldest movie theaters in Washington.
History.
Harry Potter moved his operation from the storefront Gem Theater to the Kingman's new Ruby when the Kingman's purpose-built theater opened. Competition initially came from the Auditorium, which burned shortly after the Ruby opened in 1913. Potter and his wife were killed in 1918. The next year the Kingmans sold the theater to a barber named Kelsey from Omak. The Kelseys operated the theater themselves until 1937, then leased it to operators through 1972. The theater reopened in 1974. 
Description.
The Ruby theater is located in the central business district of Chelan. The facade is stuccoed, with a central snack bar window flanked by recessed arched entries. The entries are sheltered by a prominent projecting marquee guyed from the facade, lit with bare electric light bulbs. The marquee spans the width of the building, with a shallow central arch. The upper level of the facade features a pair of windows flanked by single sash windows in a slightly recessed bay, with a prominent RUBY THEATRE above. The original entrance was in the center. The lobby spans the width of the building with entries into the house on either side of the shallow space. The house is a narrow rectangular space with a small horseshoe-shaped balcony over the last few rows of seats. The twelve-foot-deep stage is elevated and features a gilded plaster proscenium. Additional depth is provided by a non-historic thrust stage extension, about deep. The stage retains its trap doors and lighting, as well as storerooms and ventilation equipment under the stage. The projection room is on the upper level behind the balcony, as are the toilets.
The Ruby Theater was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 7, 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="20021366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021366" title="Mohamed Salih Omer">
Mohamed Salih Omer

Mohamed Salih Omer (محمد صالح عمر in Arabic) (1934–1969) was a Sudanese politician. Omer was born in Badien Island in 1934. His father was Sheikh Omer Mohamed Al Amein and his mother was Farhein Seid Ahmed Haj.
Education.
He had attained Badein Primary school, Algolid Intermediate School, and Wadi Seidna Boy’s Secondary School (1st Grade March 1955, index No. 358). He had graduated in Faculty of Law (Sharia), University of Khartoum on April 1, 1959 (second class upper). He got the Master Degree of Law in School of Oriental and African Studies, University of London in 24 October 1961.
Political life.
He joined the Muslim Brotherhood while in the Secondary School. He was selected as a Minster of Animal Resources in The Ministry of Sirr Al-Khatim Al-Khalifa after the October Revolution in 1964, representing the Islamic Charter Front. In 1969 he joined the Palestinian Resistance movement Fatah. When the Communist Party came to power in Sudan with Jaafar Nimeiry in May 1969, he returned to Sudan to participate in the Sudanese National Front. He had joined Immam Alhadi Almahdi in Aba Island to fight the communists. He was killed in Aba Island (Aljazeera Aba) during an armed confrontation with Nimeiry's army.

</doc>
<doc id="20021367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021367" title="Ivar Waller">
Ivar Waller

Ivar Waller (11 June 1898 - 12 April 1991) was a Swedish professor of theoretical physics at Uppsala University. He developed the theory of X-ray scattering by lattice vibrations of a crystal, building upon the prior work of Peter Debye. The Debye-Waller factor, which he introduced in his doctoral thesis in 1925, is the definitive treatment of the effect of thermal vibrations in X-ray crystallography. He was a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences from 1945, and the Nobel Committee for Physics 1945-1972.
One of his notable doctoral students was the quantum chemist Per-Olov Löwdin.

</doc>
<doc id="20021379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021379" title="Gyegwansan">
Gyegwansan

Gyegwansan is a mountain in South Korea. Its area extends over Gapyeong County in Gyeonggi-do and Chuncheon, the capital of Gangwon-do. Gyegwansan has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20021390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021390" title="The Emperor Lays an Egg">
The Emperor Lays an Egg

The Emperor Lays an Egg is a non-fiction children's picture book by Danielle J. Ford.
Summary.
An Emperor Penguin father has to protect his egg for two months while the mother is off searching for food. The book has information about the birth cycle of Emperor Penguins and it has a story of a mother and father caring for their egg.

</doc>
<doc id="20021396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021396" title="Salvijus Bercys">
Salvijus Bercys

Salvijus "Sal" Bercys (born 8 September 1989 in Lithuania) is an American International Master. His peak FIDE rating is 2429. He is a major figure in Michael Weinreb's book "The Kings of New York" and was part of the "dream team" from the Edward R. Murrow school, along with Alex Lenderman (now a grandmaster).

</doc>
<doc id="20021397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021397" title="Maruf Karkhi">
Maruf Karkhi

Maruf Karkhi (), known also by his full name Abu Mahfuz Maruf Ibn Firuz al-Karkhi, was a Sufi Saint who is a pivotal figure in Sufism. He came from a Christian background and the story of his conversion to Islam is one of the most famous in Islamic lore. 
Biography.
Maruf was born in the district of Wasit or Karkh in Baghdad. His father's name was Firuz, which suggests that he was of Persian origin. His original religion is usually understood to have been Christian, which may mean that the Armenian Islamic preacher and mystic, Farqad Sabakhi, may have mentored Maruf Karkhi. Attar narrates in his Memorial of the Saints that Maruf converted to Islam at a young age at the hands of Ali ibn Musa, after rejecting all forms of polytheism. Tradition recounts that he immediately went and told his father and mother, who rejoiced at his decision and became Muslims themselves. After accepting Islam, Maruf became a student of Dawud Ta'i, and underwent a severe trial of his discipleship. Maruf, however, remained steadfast and proved himself so devout that his righteousness became locally famous.
Sufi tradition.
In Sufism, those of the order of "Marufi" are those connected to Maruf Karkhi. Maruf thus forms a penultimate link in what is known as the "Golden Chain" (silsilah) of Sufism, the initiation line which forms an unbroken chain to Muhammad. Maruf, being the freed slave and disciple of Ali ar-Ridha, formed part of that lineage, while at the same time maintaining the teachings of his master Dawud Ta'i and thus being his successor as well. Sufis venerate Maruf highly for the multiple spiritual chains which interlock in his teachings.

</doc>
<doc id="20021446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021446" title="List of The Brak Show episodes">
List of The Brak Show episodes

This is a list of episodes for the animated Adult Swim television series, "The Brak Show". The pilot episode, "Mr. Bawk Ba Gawk", aired unannounced on December 21, 2000, on Cartoon Network. The series officially premiered with "Goldfish" on September 2, 2001, on Adult Swim, and ended with three seasons and 28 episodes on December 31, 2003, with "Cardburkey". On May 24, 2007, an additional webisode entitled "Space Adventure" was released on Adult Swim Video, no further webisodes have ever been produced.
The first fourteen episodes were released on the Volume One DVD on February 1, 2005, and the remaining episodes were released on the Volume Two DVD on August 8, 2006. In addition to being available on DVD, "The Brak Show" is also available on iTunes. The webisode was never made available for purchase, and is only available on Adult Swim Video.

</doc>
<doc id="20021456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021456" title="Nebuchadnezzar (Blake)">
Nebuchadnezzar (Blake)

Nebuchadnezzar is a colour monotype print with additions in ink and watercolour portraying the Old Testament Babylonian king Nebuchadnezzar II by the English poet, painter and printmaker William Blake. Taken from the Book of Daniel, the legend of Nebuchadnezzar tells of a ruler who through hubris lost his mind and was reduced to animalistic madness and eating "grass as oxen". 
According to the biographer Alexander Gilchrist (1828–1861), in Blake's print the viewer is faced with the "mad king crawling like a hunted beast into a den among the rocks; his tangled golden beard sweeping the ground, his nails like vultures' talons, and his wild eyes full of sullen terror. The powerful frame is losing semblance of humanity, and is bestial in its rough growth of hair, reptile in the toad-like markings and spottings of the skin, which takes on unnatural hues of green, blue, and russet."
Nebuchadnezzar was part of the so-called "Large Colour Prints"; a series begun in 1795 of twelve 43 cm x 53 cm colour monotype prints, of most of which three copies were made. These were painted on millboard, after which the board was put through Blake's printing-press with a sheet of dampened paper to make the prints. After they were printed, Blake and his wife Catherine added ink and watercolour to the impressions. It existed in four impressions (copies), now in: Tate Britain in London, the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, the Minneapolis Institute of Arts, and a fourth which has been missing since 1887. Blake believed that Nebuchadnezzar was connected to the Christian apocalypse and to his personal view on the stages of human development.
History.
"Nebuchadnezzar" was adapted from an earlier print in Blake's "The Marriage of Heaven and Hell". The plates for the "Large Colour Prints" and the first prints were made in 1795, but further impressions seem to have been printed in about 1805. In the late summer of 1805, Blake sold to Thomas Butts Jr. eight impressions of the "Large Colour Prints", including the Tate "Nebuchadnezzar", for £1.1 each. 
John Clark Strange bought Butts's prints on 29 June 1853 and later acquired the rest of the collection that was sold to Henry George Bohn. Although he originally wanted to produce a biography on Blake, he later abandoned this idea after he learned of Gilchrist's biography. However, his journal was filled with his notes for the biography, and contain many accounts from those who knew Blake, excerpts from Blake's journal, and analysis of Blake's work. In his journal, he describes Nebuchadnezzar "crawling on his belly, naked covered with hair & nails grown long, eating grass.—'What was singular was that Blake's conception was almost a facsimile of an ancient German print of the same subject and which design Blake had never seen." Kenneth Clark identified the earlier image as a book illustration of a werewolf by Lucas Cranach the Elder, although a closer similarity is with the small figure of the saint in Albrecht Dürer's 1496 engraving "The Penance of St. John Chrysostom".
Other versions.
Blake had earlier depicted Nebuchadnezzar on Plate 24 of "The Marriage of Heaven and Hell" naked on hands and knees carrying his crown. Nebuchadnezzar is represented as being in the wilderness and is, according to Samuel Palmer, similar to an older German woodcut where "almost the very same figure appears. Many years had elapsed after making his own design before Blake saw the wood cut." A further depiction was added to Edward Young's "Night Thoughts" Volume VII. 
The image of Nebuchadnezzar is connected in Blake with the apocalypse in which the three people that the biblical Nebuchadnezzar burned to death were united with the Son of God, and this image is also connected to Blake's belief in four states of existence in which those burned are able to transcend into the final stage of human existence. Also, Nebuchadnezzar's dream of a statue represents human history from the beginning until the Apocalypse, and the image of Nebuchadnezzar's rule is connected to Blake's myth of Albion in "The Four Zoas".
Critical response.
Alexander Gilchrist, Blake's early biographer, believed that "The metallic tinting of the moss-grown crags is rendered almost as successfully as in 'Newton,' and the printing throughout the picture is well carried out, with none of the opaque oily surfaces which occur in some others of the series." Dante Gabriel Rossetti commented: "Crawling on all fours in his shaggy insanity. The tawny beard trails across the left hand: the nails are literally "like birds' claws", and the flesh tints very red and "beefy." The glaring eyes, too, have almost lost their human character. The background represents a thick jungle. A fine wild conception." The image inspired a passage in the poem "City of Dreadful Night" (1870s) by James Thomson (1834–1882):

</doc>
<doc id="20021464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021464" title="Hamwangbong">
Hamwangbong

Hamwangbong is a mountain in Yangpyeong County, Gyeonggi-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20021488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021488" title="List of Akron Aeros managers">
List of Akron Aeros managers

The Akron Aeros minor league baseball franchise has employed 19 managers since its 1980 inception in Lynn, Massachusetts. Four of the managers have guided the team to win the Eastern League championship. 
Jack Lind led the team to win the Eastern League title in the 1984 and 1985 seasons as the Double-A affiliate of the Cincinnati Reds. 
Jay Ward managed the team to its third consecutive Eastern League title in the 1986 season as the Double-A affiliate of the Cincinnati Reds. 
In 2003, as the Double-A affiliate of the Cleveland Indians, Brad Komminsk, led the team to its fourth Eastern League championship. 
In 2005, still the Double-A affiliate of the Cleveland Indians, Torey Lovullo became the fourth manager to lead the team to an Eastern League championship. 

</doc>
<doc id="20021491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021491" title="Homyeongsan">
Homyeongsan

Homyeongsan is a mountain in Gapyeong County, Gyeonggi-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20021517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021517" title="Totally Nude Island">
Totally Nude Island

"Totally Nude Island" is the debut single by The Superions, a side project of Fred Schneider of The B-52s. The single was released to iTunes Stores internationally as a digital download on October 31, 2008. "Totally Nude Island (Ursula 1000 Remix)" was also released as a digital single on December 18, 2008. Both the original version and the Ursula 1000 remix were remastered in 2009 and released with two more remixes by The Lolligags and Marshmallow Coast on "The Superions" EP by Happy Happy Birthday To Me Records as a digital download on January 19, 2010, the CD and Limited Edition 12" were released on February 23, 2010.
Track listing.
Notes
Personnel.
Band
Production

</doc>
<doc id="20021545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021545" title="O'Leary Peak">
O'Leary Peak

O'Leary Peak is an extinct Pleistocene lava dome volcano within the San Francisco volcanic field, north of Flagstaff, Arizona, and to the northwest of Sunset Crater National Monument. A fire lookout tower was built on a subsidiary eastern peak. It has and elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20021546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021546" title="Vivi Flindt">
Vivi Flindt

Vivi Flindt (née Gelker; born in Copenhagen February 22, 1943) is a Danish dancer. She studied at the Royal Danish Ballet School, then joined the company, making her debut as Birgit Cullberg's "Miss Julie" in 1965 and being promoted to soloist in 1967. She married the choreographer and dancer Flemming Flindt in 1970 and created roles in several of his ballets: 
She presently works as a choreographer and recently worked with the Ballet San Jose on their production of "The Toreador" in 2008 using the bournonville method.

</doc>
<doc id="20021579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021579" title="Buffalo Indians">
Buffalo Indians

The Buffalo Indians were a professional American football team that competed in the third American Football League in 1940 and in 1941. The team played its home games in Civic Stadium in Buffalo, New York. Owned by the Buffalo American Legion, the Indians were managed by Earl "Red" Seick, who was also player-coach for the team for the first five games in 1940 (he was replaced by Orlando Nesmith for the rest of the season). While most of the AFL membership focused on raiding the rosters of the local members of the National Football League teams, the Indians (which did not have a local NFL competitor) concentrated on signing local talent, castoffs from the NFL, and men who played in the defunct second American Football League.
Featuring the running talents of halfback Carl Littlefield, the Indians struggled to a 2-8 record in 1940 (having been shut out four times and forfeited one game; they also won one game by forfeit) and finished in fifth place. The club was reorganized in early 1941, with a new name (Buffalo Tigers) and a new coach (Tiny Engebretsen). The changes yielded the same results once league play resumed that fall, Buffalo finishing with a 2-6 record and fourth place in the five team loop before the AFL suspended operations after the Pearl Harbor attack and the U.S. entry into World War II.
By the time the war has ended, both the league and the Buffalo Tigers officially ceased to exist, but Buffalo's foray into major league football was not forgotten as the All-America Football Conference formed in 1946... with a new team, the Buffalo Bisons, being the new tenants in the newly renamed War Memorial Stadium.
Origin.
The history of the Buffalo Indians begins in early 1940, with an agreement among businessmen in Buffalo, New York City, and Boston to start a new major league football league to compete with the established National Football League. At roughly the same time, a minor league calling itself the American Football League announced plans for expansion with the goal of becoming a major league itself. When the businessmen convinced the owners of the Columbus Bullies, Cincinnati Bengals and the newly minted expansion team, the Milwaukee Chiefs to join "their" league, the minor AFL imploded as the formation the new six-team "major league," the third "major" American Football League, was announced July 14, 1940.
The Indians were originally owned by the Buffalo American Legion, which "Red" Seick acting in the triple role of player, coach, and business manager. The team drew its players from two sources, area college stars and men who once played in the NFL and the second AFL.
1940.
Within two weeks of the league's organizational meeting (held in Buffalo's Hotel Lafayette, August 4–5, 1940), Seick proceeded to sign up local college talent and players who had been out of pro football for one or two years. The team's first quarterback was Steve Banas, former Pittsburgh Steeler and Detroit Lion. New starting tackle Ed Karp was another former Steeler who helped Byron White's rushing game decades before he became a U.S. Supreme Court justice. A third former Steeler, Carl Littlefield, became the Indians' starting halfback.
Despite the presence of local and veteran talent, the Indians suffered from a lack of offense. Banas was shifted from quarterback to fullback in the fourth game and was replaced behind center by former St. Bonaventure star Steve Hrycyszyn. About the same time, former New York Yankee Orlando "Ole" Nesmith was signed to be a backup halfback; a week later, Nesmith replaced Seick as player-coach of the Indians (which, at that time, had a 1-4 record). Buffalo then proceeded to lose four more games (one by forfeit) before winning its last scheduled game (against the Cincinnati Bengals) by forfeit.
Two forfeits.
While the Bengals had two games cancelled (against the Milwaukee Chiefs and against the New York Yankees) in 1940, the Buffalo Indians were involved in two forfeits, the last two forfeited games in the history of major professional football.
On November 17, 1940, the last scheduled home game in Buffalo was called after a storm dumped four inches of snow on the field, which was covered by a tarpaulin. The snow had partially melted overnight, and then froze on top of the cover... and also froze the tarp to the ground itself. Early-arriving fans assisted the grounds crew in a futile attempt to clear the field of snow and remove the tarp while other fans struggled to find usable seats in the stands. When the time for kickoff approached, it became apparent that the field would not be in playable condition for the game; so the officiating crew declared a forfeit in favor of the visiting New York Yankees.
Two weeks later, the Tigers were scheduled to play their last game of the season, but the scheduled opponent, the Cincinnati Bengals, were so diminished by a rash of injuries that they couldn't field a team in time for the game. A forfeit was declared, this time in favor of the Tigers, the last forfeit to be declared in major professional football in the United States.
1941.
The span of time between the last game of the 1940 season and the first game of 1941 brought sizable changes to the Buffalo AFL team. A reorganization resulted in a new owner (coal magnate Fiore Cesare), a new coach (Paul Engebretsen), and a new team name (the Buffalo Tigers). Most of the 1940 Indians players did not return to Buffalo in 1941 to play as Tigers, but stars Steve Hrycyszyn, Steve Banas, and Carl Littlefield were back in the hope of improving on the 2-8 record the team had in 1940.
Engebretsen signed former Milwaukee Chief end Sherm Barnes and back Andy Karpus, who had started for four teams in two American Football Leagues. Joe Ratica, formerly of the Brooklyn Dodgers and Boston Bears, became the Tigers' new starting center.
The efforts to improve the offense from its four-shutout performance in 1940 appeared to be in vain as the 1941 season began when the Tigers were shut out by the Cincinnati Bengals (a team that lost twice to Buffalo the previous season) by a score of 29-0, and then to the newly renamed New York Americans 26-7 three days later, but the rematch with the Bengals ended in a 16-0 victory for the Tigers. It was the first on-field victory for the Buffalo franchise in over a year.
While Tiny Engebretsen's upgrades in the team's offense were taking hold (the Tigers scored touchdowns in each remaining game except one), they were still losing with regularity, matching the two wins they had in 1940. A 14-0 whitewash by the Milwaukee Chiefs ended the Tigers' 2-6 season.
One game with Johnny "Blood" McNally.
The third American Football League featured teams with fluid rosters, and the Buffalo Indians and Tigers were no exception. For the October 8, 1941, game against the New York Americans, three members of the Kenosha Cardinals appeared in Buffalo Tigers uniforms: two members of the Cardinals roster (Johnny Dolan, former Pittsburgh Steeler and Chicago Cardinal Ernie Wheeler) and the Kenosha coach, Pro Football Hall of Fame member Johnny "Blood" McNally.
The Kenosha Cardinals had an unexpected two weeks off after the cancellation of two games between the Cardinals and the Milwaukee Chiefs when McNally took notice of his old teammate Tiny Engebretsen's Buffalo Tigers were outmanned by the Cincinnati Bengals in the first game of the AFL season by the score of 29-0. McNally, Dolan, and Wheeler traveled from Kenosha to Buffalo for the Tigers' second game.
Against the Americans, McNally rushed five times in the game (longest run: eight yards), but the Tigers lost again, 26-7. While NcNally returned to Kenosha, Wheeler and Dolan stayed with the Tigers for a rematch with Cincinnati on October 19, 1941, a 16-0 victory for Buffalo. Dolan and Wheeler returned to Kenosha after the game, but a month later, Wheeler returned to Buffalo, this time with Kenosha teammate Clem Naughton in tow, for the Tigers' last two games of the 1941 season (both losses against the Milwaukee Chiefs).
Demise.
Although the AFL lost the Boston Bears franchise prior to the beginning of the 1941 season, its owners were optimistic about the league's long-term future. Although the league's average attendance was less than that of the more-established NFL, the AFL seemed to be on as firm a financial footing as the older league. By the end of the 1941 season, the new Detroit franchise was preparing for a 1942 debut in the AFL. The league was the first major football league to complete a double round robin schedule, in which each team played each other twice.
All the plans for 1942 came to a sudden stop upon the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor and the start of World War II on December 7, 1941. With the induction of college and professional players into the U.S. military, it became increasingly apparent to the AFL owners that the global conflict would put the continued success of the league into question.
On September 2, 1942, AFL president William B. Cox announced the suspension of league activities until the end of the war. Neither the third AFL nor the Buffalo Tigers returned; 1946 saw the beginning of a new professional football team in Buffalo (the Bisons) in a new major league (the All-America Football Conference).

</doc>
<doc id="20021595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021595" title="Hwaaksan">
Hwaaksan

Hwaaksan is a mountain in South Korea whose area extends over Gapyeong County, Gyeonggi-do and Hwacheon County, Gangwon-do. It has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="20021610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021610" title="Fanthorp Inn State Historic Site">
Fanthorp Inn State Historic Site

Fanthorp Inn State Historic Site is a historic hotel in Anderson, Texas. The Texas Parks and Wildlife Department acquired the site by purchase in 1977 from a Fanthorp descendant. Ten years were spent researching and restoring the Inn to its 1850 look. The site was opened to the public on October 4, 1987.
The clapboard-covered log house was built in 1834 by an English immigrant, Henry Fanthorp, as a home for his third wife, Rachel Kennard. He bought and built his house in 1834 along the road that crossed his land. The building was enlarged in about 1850 to accommodate its usage as a hotel and store.
Henry Fanthorp was appointed Postmaster by the Provisional Texas Government in 1835. The building was the first post office in the region. Fanthorp Inn became a well-known stopping place for stagecoaches, travelers and the community.
On July 3, 1845, Kenneth Lewis Anderson, vice-president of the Republic of Texas died from illness at the Inn while en route home from Washington-on-the-Brazos.
See also.
Log building

</doc>
<doc id="20021629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20021629" title="Southern Hotel">
Southern Hotel

Southern Hotel may refer to:

</doc>
