<doc id="20012466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012466" title="Jeremiah Horrocks">
Jeremiah Horrocks

Jeremiah Horrocks (1618 – 3 January 1641), sometimes given as Jeremiah Horrox (the Latinised version that he used on the Emmanuel College register and in his Latin manuscripts), was an English astronomer. He was the first person to demonstrate that the Moon moved around the Earth in an elliptical orbit; and he was the only person to predict the transit of Venus of 1639, an event which he and his friend William Crabtree were the only two people to observe and record. 
His early death and the chaos of the English civil war nearly resulted in the loss to science of his treatise on the transit, "Venus in sole visa"; but for this and his other work he is acknowledged as one of the founding fathers of British astronomy.
Early life and education.
Jeremiah Horrocks was born at Lower Lodge farm in Toxteth Park, a former royal deer park near Liverpool. His father James had moved to Toxteth Park to be apprenticed to Thomas Aspinwall, a watchmaker, and subsequently married his master's daughter Mary. Both families were well educated Puritans; the Horrocks' sent their younger sons to the University of Cambridge and the Aspinwalls favoured Oxford. For their unorthodox beliefs the Puritans were excluded from public office, which tended to push them towards other callings; by 1600 the Aspinwalls had become a successful family of watchmakers. Jeremiah was introduced early to astronomy; his boyhood chores included measuring the local noon used to set local clocks, and his Puritan upbringing instilled an enduring suspicion of astrology, witchcraft and magic.
In 1632 Horrocks matriculated at Emmanuel College and the University of Cambridge as a sizar. At Cambridge he associated with the mathematician John Wallis and the platonist John Worthington. At that time he was one of only a few at Cambridge to accept Copernicus's revolutionary heliocentric theory, and he studied the works of Johannes Kepler, Tycho Brahe and others. 
In 1635 for reasons not clear Horrocks left Cambridge without graduating. Marston suggests that he may have needed to defer the extra cost this entailed until he was employed, whilst Aughton speculates that he may have failed his exams due to concentrating too much on his own interests or that he did not want to take Anglican orders and so a degree was of limited use to him.
Astronomical observations.
Now committed to the study of astronomy, Horrocks began to collect astronomical books and equipment; by 1638 he owned the best telescope he could find. Liverpool was a seafaring town so navigational instruments such as the astrolabe and cross staff were easy to find. But there was no market for the very specialised astronomical instruments he needed, so his only option was to make his own. He was well placed to do this; his father and uncles were watchmakers with expertise in creating precise instruments. Apparently he helped with the family business by day and, in return, the watchmakers in his family supported his avocation by assisting in the design and construction of instruments to study the stars at night.
Tradition has it that after he left home he supported himself by holding a curacy in Much Hoole, near Preston in Lancashire, but there is little evidence for this. According to local tradition in Much Hoole, he lived at Carr House, within the Bank Hall Estate, Bretherton. Carr House was a substantial property owned by the Stones family who were prosperous farmers and merchants, and Horrocks was probably a tutor for the Stones' children.
Lunar research.
Horrocks was the first to demonstrate that the Moon moved in an elliptical path around the Earth, and he posited that comets followed elliptical orbits. He supported his theories by analogy to the motions of a conical pendulum, noting that after a plumb bob was drawn back and released it followed an elliptical path, and that its major axis rotated in the direction of revolution as did the apsides of the moon's orbit. He anticipated Isaac Newton in suggesting the influence of the Sun as well as the Earth on the moon's orbit. In the "Principia" Newton acknowledged Horrocks's work in relation to his theory of lunar motion. In the final months of his life Horrocks made detailed studies of tides in attempting to explain the nature of lunar causation of tidal movements.
Transit of Venus.
Horrocks was convinced that Lansberg's tables were inaccurate when Kepler predicted a near-miss of a transit of Venus in 1639. Having made his own observations of Venus for years Horrocks predicted a transit would indeed occur.
Horrocks made a simple helioscope by focusing the image of the Sun through a telescope onto a plane surface, whereby an image of the sun could be safely observed. From his location in Much Hoole he calculated the transit would begin at approximately 3:00 pm on 24 November 1639, Julian calendar (or 4 December in the Gregorian calendar). The weather was cloudy but he first observed the tiny black shadow of Venus crossing the Sun at about 3:15 pm; and he continued to observe for half an hour until the sun set. The 1639 transit was also observed by his friend and correspondent William Crabtree from his home in Broughton near Manchester.
Horrocks' observations allowed him to make a well-informed guess as to the size of Venus—previously thought to be larger and closer to Earth—and to estimate of the distance between the Earth and the Sun, now known as the astronomical unit (AU). His figure of 95 million kilometres (59 million miles, 0.63 AU) was far from the 150 million kilometers (93 million miles) known today but it was more accurate than any suggested up to that time.
A treatise by Horrocks on the study of the transit, "Venus in sole visa" ("Venus seen on the Sun"), was later published by Johannes Hevelius at his own expense; it caused great excitement when revealed to members of the Royal Society in 1662, some 20 years after it was written. It presented Horrocks' enthusiastic and romantic nature, including humorous comments and passages of original poetry. When speaking of the century separating Venusian transits, he rhapsodised:
It was a time of great uncertainty in astronomy, when the world's astronomers could not agree amongst themselves and theologians fulminated against claims that contradicted Scripture. Horrocks, although a pious young man, came down firmly on the side of scientific determinism.
It is wrong to hold the most noble Science of the Stars guilty of uncertainty on account of some people's uncertain observations. Through no fault of its own it suffers these complaints which arise from the uncertainty and error not of the celestial motions but of human observations...I do not consider that any imperfections in the motions of the stars have so far been detected, nor do I believe that they are ever to be found. Far be it from me to allow that God has created the heavenly bodies more imperfectly than man has observed them. - Jeremiah Horrocks
Death and remembrance.
Horrocks returned to Toxteth Park sometime in mid-1640 and died suddenly from unknown causes on 3 January 1641, at the age of 22. As expressed by Crabtree, "What an incalculable loss!" He has been described as a bridge which connected Newton with Copernicus, Galileo, Brahe, and Kepler.
Horrocks is remembered on a plaque in Westminster Abbey and the lunar crater Horrocks is named after him. In 1859 a marble tablet and stained-glass windows commemorating him were installed in The Parish Church of St Michael, Much Hoole.
In 1927, the Jeremiah Horrocks Observatory was built at Moor Park, Preston.
The 2012 transit of Venus was marked by a celebration held in the church at Much Hoole, which was streamed live worldwide on the NASA website.
Jeremiah Horrocks Institute.
The Jeremiah Horrocks Institute for Astrophysics and Supercomputing was established in 1993 at the University of Central Lancashire. In 2012 it was renamed the Jeremiah Horrocks Institute for Mathematics, Physics, and Astronomy.

</doc>
<doc id="20012477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012477" title="Sydney New Year's Eve 2007–08">
Sydney New Year's Eve 2007–08

Sydney New Year's Eve 2007–08 was the 13th Sydney New Year's Eve held at Sydney Harbour on the evening of 31 December 2007 and in the early hours of 1 January 2008. Network Ten broadcast the event for their second consecutive year, with Kim Watkins and Andrew Günsberg co-hosting. The theme was previously revealed to be "The Time of Our Lives" with fireworks once again produced by Foti International Fireworks. This was Wayne Harrison's third and final consecutive year as creative director, being succeeded by Rhoda Roberts.
9pm Family Fireworks.
Desperate to atone for the previous year's debacle, Network Ten replaced Gretel Killeen and Daniel MacPherson with Kim Watkins (host of "9am with David and Kim" at the Sydney Opera House) and Andrew Günsberg (host of "Australian Idol" at Dawes Point) respectively. The Dawes Point reporter was Fuzzy from "Video Hits". The celebrations kicked off with The Potbelleez performing "Don't Hold Back". After that, a recording was done, which showed a scientist predicting what the world would be like in the year 2050, which would be affected by global warming. The presenters at the Royal Botanic Gardens were Wesley Denning from "Totally Wild", Pip Russell (dressed as Alice in Wonderland) and Dan Sweetman (dressed as a white rabbit) from "Toasted TV" and Dr. Rob Bell from "Scope" (who was the only one not in fancy dress), as the theme for the Lord Mayor's Picnic was "Once Upon a Time". It included face painting, Wesley Denning dressed as Prince Charming to wake up Pip Russell who was playing Sleeping Beauty with a kiss. Denning said the fairytales are about "magic" which is what Pip said about the fireworks, but Dr. Rob begged to differ on that, stating that fireworks are scientific. He did a recording on it. He started off with saying that fireworks "come from a range of different colours, all of which are due to the excited states of different metal atoms". He decided to take a salt that contains a metal, opting to use table salt, because it's sodium chloride. The flame was blue, but it became an orange colour, because "all of the sodium atoms in there are getting really, really excited". He tried a copper one, which made the flame a green colour. He said fireworks work on the same principle as a match. It is a chemical reaction called "combustion". He lit the match. He also said that fireworks don't use wood as a fuel, but they use charcoal and sulphur. To do his own demonstration, he used sugar as a fuel, in the form of a jelly baby. For oxygen, he said you can't use air with a match because "it just doesn't create big enough explosions". So instead, he used chemicals called oxidiser that contain lots of oxygen. So he held a test tube (which had the sugar at the bottom) by the tweezers and rolled the jelly baby in the sugar (not the one in the test tube) and eventually he combined them. He put the jelly baby in the test tube, which triggered a chemical reaction. That was the end of the recording. After the commercial break, Tarisai Vushe, Ben McKenzie and Jacob Butler all performed, then the three of them performed "Dancing in the Moonlight". After the commercial break, Andrew Günsberg handed proceedings to Wes, Pip, Dan and Dr. Rob at the Lord Mayor's Picnic to lead the countdown. Dr. Rob stated that in the ten seconds it takes to count down to the fireworks, an object, travelling at the speed of light, could go around the Earth seventy times. Then they led the countdown and the fireworks started off in style, starting off with "What Time Is It?" from "High School Musical 2".
Soundtrack.
The fireworks finished with "The Time Warp" by the "The Rocky Horror Show" Australian Cast Album. Kim Watkins described it as "breathtaking" and "very, very loud" from where she was. After another commercial break, Kim Watkins interviewed the Lord Mayor of Sydney, Clover Moore. Moore said the display was "technically stunning and magnificent night tonight" and it was "quite spectacular" for the 1 million people that gathered around Sydney Harbour. People also learn that the event is "fifteen months in the making", starting from October the previous year. It's 15 months for the design and planning. The organisers also discuss the next Sydney New Year's Eve event. Moore said that it is helped by thousands of volunteers, council staff and the design team, led by creative director Wayne Harrison (who was embarking on his third and last event as the creative director), who would be succeeded by Rhoda Roberts. She says it showcases Sydney to its really best and described the fireworks as "spectacular". She says the theme of the event will make it more exciting than previous years and it is a celebration, looking forward to the future with hope. She decided to use the theme of "time" as she thought it was time to think about the planet's future, global warming. Wayne Harrison came up with "The Time of Our Lives". She said one of the issues going into 2008 was "sustainable Sydney". At Dawes Point, Fuzzy interviewed some people about the highlights of 2007 and their New Year's resolutions. Back at the Opera House, Kim Watkins interviewed a man named Stewart Davies, a World of Difference participant from Vodafone. Before Ten went to a commercial break, a recording was done of some of the events that happened in 2007. After the break, Kim Watkins interviewed a man named Richard Watson, a trends forecaster. Andrew Günsberg interviewed Susan Pratley, Catherine Cox and Selina Gilsenan. After the interview, Sarah Blasko performed "Planet New Year".
Midnight Fireworks.
The midnight segment of the telecast started off with Andrew Günsberg visiting a few people in boats.
Soundtrack.
The Harbour bridge was used as a seventh barge for the first time ever.People witnessed over 100,000 firings. The hourglass was intended to stay on the bridge until 12 January but it had to be taken down because it was knocked around by high winds.

</doc>
<doc id="20012479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012479" title="Kota Shahbandar">
Kota Shahbandar

Kota Shahbandar is a small town in Pahang, Malaysia. It is located between Bera Lake and Bandar Tun Abdul Razak.

</doc>
<doc id="20012484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012484" title="Spodnje Vetrno">
Spodnje Vetrno

Spodnje Vetrno (in older sources also "Spodnje Veterne", ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Tržič in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20012485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012485" title="Eurovision Young Dancers 2011">
Eurovision Young Dancers 2011

The 12th Eurovision Young Dancers final was held in the Dance House in Oslo, Norway in June 24, 2011.
The event was aimed at young dancers aged between 15 and 21, competing in modern dances, be it solo or in couples, as long as they were not professionally engaged.
Broadcasters, for this year's EYD were: NRK (Norway), WDR (Germany), SVT (Sweden), NTR (Netherlands), HRT (Croatia), ERT (Greece), RTVSLO (Slovenia), RTP (Portugal), TVP (Poland), RTK (Kosovo). 

</doc>
<doc id="20012501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012501" title="Vadiče">
Vadiče

Vadiče is a settlement in the Municipality of Tržič in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20012507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012507" title="WJKW (FM)">
WJKW (FM)

WJKW (95.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Contemporary Christian format. Licensed to Athens, Ohio, USA. The station is currently owned by Christian Faith Broadcast.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="20012515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012515" title="WKOV-FM">
WKOV-FM

WKOV-FM (96.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Hot Adult Contemporary format. Licensed to Oak Hill, Ohio, USA and serving the Jackson, Ohio area. The station is currently owned by Jackson County Broadcasting and features programing from Westwood One.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="20012520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012520" title="Peshtera Hydroelectric Power Station">
Peshtera Hydroelectric Power Station

The Peshtera Hydro Power Plant (before 1992: Kimon Georgiev Hydro Power Plant) is an active underground hydro power plant in Peshtera, Bulgaria, part of the Batak Hydropower Cascade. It has 5 individual Pelton turbines which will deliver up to 128 MW of power. 

</doc>
<doc id="20012529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012529" title="WKSD">
WKSD

WKSD (99.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a locally produced Classic Hits format. Licensed to Paulding, Ohio, USA. The station is currently owned by First Family Broadcasting and features news programing from ABC Radio.
History.
The station went on the air as WKSD on June 7, 1989. On April 10, 1992 the station changed its call sign to WERT-FM, and on September 6, 1996 changed back to the original WKSD.
WKSD serves as a sister station to WERT (AM) 1220 kHz in neighboring Van Wert.
The original WERT-FM at 98.9 in Van Wert is now WBYR, now a Fort Wayne market station and no longer co-owned with WERT. That station has since changed its city of license to Woodburn, Indiana.
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="20012543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012543" title="Tsankov Kamak Hydro Power Plant">
Tsankov Kamak Hydro Power Plant

The Tsankov Kamak Hydroelectric Power Plant, also Tsankov Kamak HPP, comprises an arch dam and hydroelectric power plant (HPP) in Tsankov Kamak, southwestern Bulgaria. It is situated on the Vacha River in Smolyan Province, on the borders of Pazardzhik Province and Plovdiv Province, roughly southwest of Plovdiv and downstream (north) of the town of Devin. It is a part of the Dospat-Vacha cascade development of the Vacha River involving five dams and power stations within the Devin municipality, southeast of Sofia. The other four dams are Dospat Dam, Teshel Dam, the Vacha Dam and the Krichim Dam.
The Tsankov Kamak dam is the first double curvature arch dam in cupola shape in Bulgaria. It has a maximum dam height of . It is the second in the cascade series from the upstream end, and the last to be developed. Apart from power generation, the other objectives of the five projects are use of water resources for irrigation, drinking and household water supply. While the cascade development started in 1958, construction of the Kamak power plant started on 29 April 2004 and was completed in 2011.
Initial estimated cost of the project was Euro 220 million financed by many banks and equipment manufacturers, including VA TECH Finance, Bank Austria Creditanstalt, BNP Paribas Fortis, Raiffeisen Zentralbank, Société Générale, and Credit Suisse First Boston. However, the final cost of the project has far outstripped the original estimates due to topography, geology and also possible corruption, which were not assessed at the investigation stage of the project.
The carbon emission reduction due to building the Tsankov Kamak HPP is assessed at about 200,000 t CO2 (228,000 tons of СО2 including the four rehabilitation projects of the cascade). This credit is transferred to the Austrian carbon-credit program under the Joint Implementation Project mechanism which was agreed for the project within the framework of the Kyoto Protocol to partially meet the project costs. For the reduced emissions, Austria compensates Bulgaria at the rate US $10 per ton of carbon emissions. The Joint Implementation Project has two components, one is the Implementation of the Tsankov Kamak HPP and the other is the rehabilitation of the electro-mechanical components of the other four projects in the cascade development. Two more HPPs, the Vacha I and the Vacha II, with total installed capacity of 20.6 MW, are located in the lower part of the cascade.
Natural landscape.
The Tsankov Kamak arch dam, associated works and the HPP station are located on the Vacha River, which is the second longest river in Bulgaria. It raises in the Rhodope hill ranges which borders Greece. It is situated on the borders of Smolyan Province, Pazardzhik Province and Plovdiv Province, roughly southwest of Plovdiv and downstream (north) of the town of Devin. The dam site is located about downstream of the confluence of the Vacha River and the Gashnya River, in the valley known as Gashnya Valley. The catchment area at the dam site is and the annual flow is assessed to be approximately 650 million cubic metres with an average inflow of per second. The dam has been designed for a gross storage of 111 million cubic metres.
The hydropower potential in the river between Sredna and Vacha had remained unexploited under the five dams development initiative, but is now utilized through the Tsankov Kamak project. The reservoir submergence is in rocky terrain, which is deforested and has unproductive vegetation. The catchment is highly rugged and mountainous with high altitudes, high watershed flats, deep ravines and large tectonic kettles. The upper and lower course of the river flows through deep cut banks.
In the narrow valley stretch of the Vacha River where the project is located, the geological formation consists of sound granites and gneissic formations except for a small patch of about , which is the fractured zone of mylonites, which was filled up with concrete. The dam’s rock foundation has seven types of rocks with elastic modules values varying from 12,000 MPa to 72,000 MPa and a Poisson’s ratio varying between 0.24 and 0.27. The damping ratio of 10% for this foundation has been adopted in the dynamic analysis. The intake structure and the pressure tunnel pass through difficult geological formations. Due to this geological feature, particularly at the intake structure, an area of about was required to be plugged in the Gashnia Valley.
Construction.
The Natsionalna Elektricheska Kompania EAD (NEK EAD) was awarded the contract to the project in 2001, and in November 2003 they forwarded their plans to start construction of the project to the Government of Bulgaria. At the end of the year 2003, Alpine Mayreder, an Austrian company, was awarded the civil works contract of the project. The equipment supply and installations were awarded to Austrian group of suppliers, Andritz Hydro for HEM – equipment and Pöyry Energy GmbH for engineering with Energoprojekt as a Bulgarian Co-designer of the project The project was financed by export and commercial credits, which were finalized in Vienna on 14 November 2003; the financial credit without any backup guarantee by the Government of Bulgaria. The total value of the financing contract was roughly €220 million (€216 million has been specifically cited), with bank security provided by the Oesterreichische Kontrolbank Aktiengellschaft. The balance amount was financed by the commercial credits provided by VA TECH Finance, Bank Austria Creditanstalt, BNP Paribas Fortis, Raiffeisen Zentralbank, Société Générale, and Credit Suisse First Boston who organized the bank credits. Insurance coverage for the export credit of €100 million was provided by Coface of France; Hermes of Germany; EKN of Sweden and Egap of the Czech Republic apart from the Oesterreichische Kontrolbank Aktiengellschaft (OeKB) which has also covered political and the commercial risks.
Construction of the project was considered a challenge in view of the terrain and geologically weak structural region. The building of a new road of about in difficult terrain, with frequent landslides and rockfalls, caused problems in road construction. This significantly increased the cost of the project up to roughly €500 million. Civil construction works involved six million cubic metres of excavation, two million cubic metres of filling, 850,000 cubic metres of batching and mixing of concrete and placing 100,000 anchors with a total combined length of about . Concreting was done in 3 metre lifts. A service road of 6 metres in width was built on top of the dam. Apart from the Christian Schild and 60 engineers of the Alpine Slovakia and contractors of civil engineering works of the project, some 1200 Bulgarian workers were involved in its construction at one point. Work was carried out continuously, involving 535,000 cubic metres of concrete delivered by a crane of 26 tons capacity, which was erected across the river over the dam. The concreting of the dam began in October 2007 and was completed in January 2010.
Project features.
Dam.
The double curved arch dam is in height with a reservoir water spread area of . It has four spillway blocks designed for a maximum flood discharge of /sec, each provided with radial gates, and has a pressure shaft of in width and in length which is steel lined and bifurcated at the lower end to feed the turbines from the intake on the upstream on the left bank of the dam. It feeds two units of 40 MW capacity turbine generators (Francis Turbines) housed in a surface powerhouse, a tailrace channel of length, and a balancing channel of length. These features are elaborated further with relevant design details. It has gross storage capacity of 111 million cubic metres.
The Tsankov Kamak dam has a total length of 459.4 m and crest level of EL 688.50 m, with 22 cantilever blocks which are “interconnected by a system of shear boxes”, which are tangential to the axis at the crest, and the gravity blocks abut on the left and right banks. Horizontal sections of the arch dam are of parabolic shape with fixed thickness. A series of thick shear key locks on both surfaces of each cantilever block are provided to achieve uniform distribution of shear force between the blocks. The dam width at the top is 8.8 metres and at the foundation the base is . The curved part of the arch dam is 340 metres in length and its chord length is . The maximum reservoir water level is EL 685.00 m and the minimum draw down level is EL 670.00 m with a storage capacity of 41 million cubic metres.
The spillway has four bays located in the middle section of the dam controlled by radial gates of 8 m x 8 m size each designed to pass a 1 in 1000 year frequency flood of /sec, which raises the water level to EL 687.42 m (all gates open condition) thus allowing for a free board of to top of the dam. The spillway energy dissipation chute has aeration baffle blocks. Over the dam height of 130.5 metres, five galleries are provided in the body of the dam; the gallery at the bottom has been used initially for grouting of the foundation and for drainage and four horizontal inspection galleries at different elevations (at interval).
The reservoir stretches over a surface area of and a length of . The filling of the reservoir was started in June 2010 and completed over roughly 15 weeks. A reservoir management plan envisages fish farming and reservoir operation and maintenance along the periphery of the reservoir and its tributaries. Two bottom outlets in the form of steel pipes of diameter, each of length have been provided in the body of the dam which facilitates emptying of the reservoir in any emergency; it takes about 11–12 hours to empty the reservoir. The outlets have been provided with slide gate controls on the downstream end. The stilling basin of the spillway is also used for energy dissipation of the outflows from the bottom outlets. The penstock/pressure shaft is in the form of a steel lined pressure shaft which is diameter to carry a discharge of /sec for power generation. It is in length (with 10% slope).) and bifurcates into two at the bottom end to feed two turbines, each of 40 MW capacity. Slope protection in the long stretch of the reservoir spread (up to a surface area of ) also involved concreting to the extent of to take care of draw down condition for operating the power stations of the cascade under two daily peaks in the morning and evening.
Power station.
The surface power station at the end of pressure shafts has two units, each of 40 MW capacity (Francis turbines) operating under a gross head of and an average net head is . The annual energy generation is about 185 GWh. This also has beneficial impact on other cascade development projects in the basin as the energy generation gets enhanced by a 48% increase. The power station is run as a peaking station with two peaks, one in the morning and the other in the evening. With the completion of the Tsankov Kamak HPP, and the rehabilitation of the other HPPs, and all stations connected to a common grid, the efficiency of the whole cascade is improved and energy production rose by a further 16 GWh per annum for the cascade.
The design output of Francis turbines is 41,171 kW each, the turbine speed is 428.6 r.p.m., the generator rating is 46 MVA, and generation voltage is 10.5 kV. An outdoor switch yard is provided next to the surface powerhouse with main two step up transformers of 50 MVA rating and voltage ratio is 10.5/240 kV. The powerhouse is operated both under the remote control mode from the south regional dispatching control and automatically under the local control mode.

</doc>
<doc id="20012553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012553" title="Mohkam Din Serani">
Mohkam Din Serani

Hazrat Khowaja Mohkam Din Serani was born in 1137 according to Hijery (Islamic calendar). In his early age, he had a great interest in religion. He completed his religious education at the age of 12, and then moved to Delhi with his cousin Hazrat Khowaja Abdul Khaliq (he was Murshid of Serani Sahab). Hazrat Khowaja Mohkam Din Serani's name in his early age was Abdullah and was later changed to Mohkam Din and Serani was his Lakab.
Hazrat Khowaja Mohkam Din Serani died from poison while he was in Doraji (Kathiawar, India). The news of his death was sent by Khalifa Abu Talib and Sheikh Nathu. It is said that Hafiz Koki gave him poison twice but he drank it and said: it's not the time for death. When he was given the poison a third time, he drank it and said "Now, it is the time" and the poison started working. He gave 10 Rs to Hafiz Koki 5rs for Kaffan and 5 rs to give in the way of Allah and died on 5th RABIULSANI 1197 on the Hijery (Islamic calendar).
Mazar Sharif is in Khankah Sharif District Bahawalpur and Duraji Kathia war India.

</doc>
<doc id="20012557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012557" title="BPEL script">
BPEL script

BPELscript is a language to specify BPEL processes.
It provides a compact syntax inspired by scripting languages such as JavaScript and Ruby and a full coverage of all features provided by BPEL.
History.
The Business Process Execution Language (BPEL) is an XML-based language to specify business processes with the intention to "act as the central controller of the business process". It provides a standardized way for programming in the large in a service oriented world (SOA). BPEL is not a programming language at all and does not have a graphical representation. Mappings from graphical languages such as the Business Process Modeling Notation (BPMN) to BPEL are available, but programmers familiar to syntax like Java, C, ... are disregarded. Therefore, especially for prototyping or teaching, it would be nice to have a programming language which omits the XML-overhead of BPEL but offers the same features as BPEL. One option is to force the programmers to learn a completely new syntax. The other option is to introduce a new syntax to BPEL.
Therefore, the "BPEL Simplified Syntax" called SimPEL was recommended by the Apache ODE Group, referring to the a mix of both options. However, SimPEL is not equivalent to BPEL and its aims of specifying business processes. In order to come up with an easy scripting syntax, BPELscript is introduced, referring to the second option. BPELscript forks directly from SimPEL aiming on big closeness to BPEL. In contrast to SimPEL, BPELscript supports all of BPELs constructs including the correlation.
BPELscript Design Goals.
BPELscript provides:

</doc>
<doc id="20012560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012560" title="Aleko Hydro Power Plant">
Aleko Hydro Power Plant

The Aleko Hydro Power Plant is an active hydro power project near Aleko Konstantinovo, Bulgaria, which is part of the Batak Hydropower Cascade. It has 3 individual Francis turbines with an installed capacity of 66 MW of power.

</doc>
<doc id="20012566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012566" title="Visoče, Tržič">
Visoče, Tržič

Visoče is a settlement in the Municipality of Tržič in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20012574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012574" title="Dark Gate">
Dark Gate

The Dark Gate (or alternatively Dark Portal, Hungarian: Sötétkapu) is a tunnel located under the artificial slopes of Castle hill, near the St. Adalbert's Basilica in Esztergom, Hungary.
The tunnel is 90 metres long, and it follows the line of the castle's former eastern walls. The entire tunnel is vaulted, and was built in Neo-classical style.
History.
Construction of the Dark Gate started in 1824 by Alexander Rudnay archbishop of Esztergom, two years after the foundation stones of the St. Adalbert's Basilica were laid. It got the name Dark Gate after the lack of lighting. The main purpose of the tunnel was to directly connect the Canonic houses with the Seminary, but it also connects Szentgyörgymező part of town with downtown Esztergom.
Above the southern entrance a latin sign carved in red marble commemorates archbishop Rudnay and the year of construction: "PRINCEPS PRIMAS ALEXANDER A RUDNA MDCCCXXIV" - Prince primate Alexander Rudnay, 1824. From both sides of the tunnel, a huge 3700 m² wine cellar opens, where the wines of the Archdiocese of Esztergom were kept.
In the 1956 revolution this was place of main events in Esztergom. On 26 October 1956, fourteen people died when a T-34 tank shot into a bus heading towards the Seminary which was used as a Russian military facility at the time.
The Dark Gate, the seminary and its surroundings were completely renovated by 2006, the 150th anniversary of the dedication of the cathedral. Architectural lightings were added to both the basilica and the tunnel. One-way traffic is allowed from the seminary to downtown Esztergom.

</doc>
<doc id="20012575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012575" title="Trematopidae">
Trematopidae

Trematopidae is a family of Temnospondyli.

</doc>
<doc id="20012582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012582" title="Book Stacks Unlimited">
Book Stacks Unlimited

Book Stacks Unlimited was an online bookstore created by Charles M. Stack in 1992, two years before Jeff Bezos launched Amazon.com. Stack's store, selling new books, began as a dial-up bulletin board located in Cleveland. It moved to the Internet as Books.com, eventually attracting a half million visitors each month.
Stack devised the concept in 1991 based on his personal fascination with reading and books, as he recalled in 1998:
Offering 500,000 titles, Book Stacks had 35 staffers who gave their book recommendations to visitors. Other features included a daily literary journal, summaries of new books, RealAudio interviews with authors and forums in which customers could ask questions and discuss books. Books could be searched by title, author, subject, keyword or ISBN number.
In 1996, Book Stacks became a wholly owned subsidiary of Cendant Corporation, a consumer services company based in Stamford, Connecticut and previously known as CUC International. In 1997, Book Stacks became part of Cendant's virtual mall, netMarket, a one-stop Internet shopping site which included an online music store and an online video store, both operating from the Book Stacks offices in downtown Cleveland.
Subsequently, it was purchased by Barnes & Noble; www.books.com now redirects to www.barnesandnoble.com.

</doc>
<doc id="20012592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012592" title="Carlos Rodríguez (darts player)">
Carlos Rodríguez (darts player)

Carlos José Rodríguez Sequera (born January 28, 1979) is a Spanish professional darts player, playing in Professional Darts Corporation events.
Darts career.
A noted soft-tip player, Rodríguez's first foray into the professional steel-tip darts scene was participating in the two PDPA Players Championship events in Gibraltar in January 2007; in the latter of these he placed in the last 16. Two months later, he would win the Gibraltar Open. Rodríguez then attempted to qualify for the BDO World Championship in November but failed, and in the same month he failed to make any headway in the World Masters.
In 2008 he decided to join the Professional Dart Players Association, enabling him to play in PDC events. Because he is based in Spain, he is unable to travel to every event on the PDC Pro Tour, however a couple of last 16 placings in Players Championship events and UK Open regionals meant he qualified for the UK Open, his first appearance on television. He entered at the last 96 stage, but was beaten 6-1 by Paul Cooper. In October, he tried to qualify for the 2008 Grand Slam of Darts but was defeated in the early rounds. Later that month however, Rodríguez began to finally make significant gains in the PDC. In the second of two Players Championship events in Scotland, he reached his first PDC quarter-final before being defeated by the eventual winner James Wade.
The run of form continued in October as Rodríguez reached the final of the German Darts Trophy, beating noted veterans Peter Manley and Kevin Painter 3-0 in the quarter-finals and semi-finals, before being defeated in a last leg decider by Colin Osborne. This performance guaranteed Rodríguez's place in the inaugural European Championship and the 2009 PDC World Championship. Less than a week later Rodríguez, in a major upset, defeated the world number five Terry Jenkins in the opening round of the 2008 European Championship, but lost to Ronnie Baxter in the next round.
Rodríguez began his 2009 PDC World Championship campaign with a 3-2 win over then world number 16 Roland Scholten of the Netherlands to safely carry him through the second round, but he was then beaten 1-4 by Painter. At the 2010 World Championship, he was defeated 0-3 by Steve Beaton in the first round.
He teamed up with Antonio Alcinas to represent Spain at the 2010 PDC World Cup of Darts. They defeated Japan in the first round, before knocking out the top seeds England (represented by the world's top two players, Phil Taylor and James Wade) 6–5 in the second round. In the group stage, they lost to Wales but defeated the United States and Scotland to qualify for the semi-finals, where they were whitewashed 0–4 by the Netherlands.
He partnered Alcinas again in the 2012 World Cup, but they could not repeat their success of 2010 as they were beaten 2–5 by South Africa in the first round. In the rest of 2012 his best results in ProTour events were runs to the last 64, which he did three times.
Rodriguez qualified for the 2013 World Championship by winning the West European Qualifying Event with a 6–5 victory over Stefan Couwenberg in the final. He lost to John Bowles by four legs to two in the preliminary round, as he hit just 14% of his darts at a double. After the tournament Rodriquez was ranked world number 111, meaning he had lost his place on the tour and therefore entered Q School in order to regain a tour card for PDC events in 2013. However, he could not advance past the last 64 on any of the four days and will not have automatic entry into any PDC event in 2013.
Rodríguez played with Antonio Alcinas for the third time in the World Cup of Darts and they qualified from Group D courtesy of a 5–3 win over Italy. They then repeated their 2010 shock win over the Scottish pair of Gary Anderson and Robert Thornton this time 5–4 and faced Richie Burnett and Mark Webster in the quarter-finals. Alcinas lost to Webster 3–4, but Rodríguez beat Burnett by the same scoreline to mean a doubles match was needed to settle the tie. Spain took an early 2–1 lead but went on to be defeated 2–4.

</doc>
<doc id="20012613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012613" title="Zgornje Vetrno">
Zgornje Vetrno

Zgornje Vetrno (in older sources also "Zgornje Veterne", ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Tržič in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20012627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012627" title="Wittgenstein's Nephew">
Wittgenstein's Nephew

Wittgenstein’s Nephew is an autobiographical work by Thomas Bernhard, originally published in 1982. It is a recollection of the author's friendship with Paul Wittgenstein, the nephew of Ludwig Wittgenstein and a member of the wealthy Viennese Wittgenstein family. Paul suffers from an unnamed mental illness for which he is repeatedly hospitalized, paralleling Bernhard's own struggle with a chronic lung disease.
Synopsis.
The author narrates moments of his friendship with Paul Wittgenstein, "nephew" (actually son of a first cousin) of the Austrian philosopher Ludwig Wittgenstein (not to be confused with the latter's brother, the pianist Paul Wittgenstein). The title is a reference to Diderot's Rameau's Nephew who also deals with the eccentric nephew of a preeminent cultural figure. A very sensitive man, unsuitable for the world, obsessed by an exclusive and cruel passion for music as well as for race cars and sailing, Paul Wittgenstein dissipated his whole fortune and ultimately died poor.
The friendship strengthened whilst recovering in a hospital, Bernhard from a lung ailment, Paul from a bout of madness. The latter in fact will die alone in an asylum, a victim of an incurable conflict with the world; whereas the former will succeed in controlling his own madness, emblem of that very conflict, and making it a lever for his sense of social living.
Through the narration of symptomatic episodes, Bernhard unravels the emptiness of Austrian society, its parasitic and vain aspects, spending its time to self-congratulate on fake recognitions and futile prizes with the same rhythm used to blather and drink coffee in the best Viennese cafés. 
Finally, the author gives some interesting advice about the importance of literary prizes as the determining factor of artistic worth: "a prize is invariably only awarded by incompetent people who want to piss on your head and who do copiously piss on your head if you accept their prize." 

</doc>
<doc id="20012629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012629" title="Richard Ellis (librarian)">
Richard Ellis (librarian)

Richard Ellis (27 December 1865 – 6 September 1928) was a Welsh librarian and bibliographer, whose main work was to collect materials on the life and work of Edward Lhuyd.
Life.
Ellis, the son of John Ellis from Aberystwyth, studied at the University College of Wales, Aberystwyth from 1889 and won a scholarship to Jesus College, Oxford in 1893. Family reasons meant that he did not take up the place at Oxford until 1898; he was re-awarded a scholarship on the recommendation of the historian Reginald Lane-Poole. He obtained his BA in 1902 and his MA in 1908. His main research at Oxford and thereafter was the collection of material on the life and work of Edward Lhuyd. Some of it was published in 1906/1907 in the "Transactions of the Honourable Society of Cymmrodorion" under the title "Some incidents in the life of Edward Lhuyd". His work was unfinished at his death, and he left his papers to the university library in Aberystwyth.
In 1907, Ellis was appointed to run the Welsh library at the University College of Wales, Aberystwyth, and in 1908 he was appointed the principal assistant to Sir John Ballinger, the first librarian of the National Library of Wales. He was not happy in this post and returned to Oxford in 1912 with a research scholarship. He also worked at the Codrington Library at All Souls College, Oxford, and was the only assistant librarian between 1916 and the end of the First World War. In the early 1920s, Ellis returned to Oxford, making trips to Dublin and Oxford for his research. It was on one of these visits to Oxford that he died in 1928; he was buried in Aberystwyth.
Works.
Through his work on Lluyd, Ellis developed a knowledge of other Welshmen at Oxford. This led to "Facsimiles of Letters of Oxford Welshmen" (the writers including Henry Vaughan, Sir Leoline Jenkins, Ellis Wynne, Edward Samuel and Moses Williams). In 1904, he published "An Elizabethan Broadside in the Welsh Language, being a Brief granted in 1591 to Sion Salusburi of Gwyddelwern, Merionethshire". He also wrote some poetry in English.

</doc>
<doc id="20012640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012640" title="Zvirče">
Zvirče

Zvirče () is a settlement in the Municipality of Tržič in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20012641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012641" title="Atlantic Gateway (Canada)">
Atlantic Gateway (Canada)

The Atlantic Gateway is a proposed transport project in Canada. It aims to take an integrated approach in developing transport infrastructure within Atlantic Canada to enhance Canada's ability to capture a larger share of growing trade flows between North America and Asia.
The federal minister responsible for the Atlantic Gateway is Keith Ashfield, who took over from Peter MacKay on January 19, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20012674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012674" title="Neta Dobrin">
Neta Dobrin

Neta Dobrin (, born 27 October 1975) is a former Israeli politician who briefly served as a member of the Knesset for the Labor Party between February and April 2006.
Biography.
Born in Safed, Dobrin gained a BA in education, sociology and anthropology at the University of Haifa, before studying for an MBA with the Israeli branch of the University of Derby. She also completed the first year of law studies at Sha'arei Mishpat College. Whilst at the University of Haifa, she was the representative for sociology students.
In 1998 she was elected onto Haifa city council, and chaired its committee for youth between 1998 and 2003, when she left the council. For the 2003 elections she was placed 32nd on the Labor Party's list, but missed out on a seat when the party won only 19 seats. However, she entered the Knesset on 15 February 2006 as a replacement for Orna Angel (who herself had only replaced Sofa Landver a week before). She lost her seat following the March 2006 elections.

</doc>
<doc id="20012708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012708" title="Members of the Australian House of Representatives, 1955–1958">
Members of the Australian House of Representatives, 1955–1958

This is a list of the members of the Australian House of Representatives in the 22nd Australian Parliament, which was elected at the 1955 election on 10 December 1955. Three new seats were created (Bonython, Bruce and Stirling) and two were abolished (Hoddle and Martin). The incumbent Liberal Party of Australia led by Prime Minister of Australia Robert Menzies with coalition partner the Country Party led by Arthur Fadden won an additional eleven seats, defeating the Australian Labor Party led by Herbert Evatt, which lost ten seats.

</doc>
<doc id="20012710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012710" title="Polyphème">
Polyphème

Polyphème is an opera composed by Jean Cras with a libretto by Albert Samain. It was written by Cras during World War I and was premiered in Paris in 1922, giving Cras a burst of notoriety in the French press.
Content.
Text.
The text originated as a poetic drama written by Samain in the style of Maurice Maeterlinck. The title character is Polyphemus, who, according to Greek mythology, is the eldest Cyclops and son of Poseidon. It tells the well-known story of the attempt by Polyphemus (baritone) to steal Galatea (soprano) from Acis (tenor). In the original myth Polyphemus eventually rolls a rock onto the lovers, killing Acis. Samain humanized Polyphemus, who is portrayed as an oafish but sincere figure who is at ease with children but becomes awkward when trying to communicate with adults. There is no suggestion that he is not fully human (the text makes it clear that he has two eyes), but he is portrayed as a morose and solitary forest dweller who hopelessly yearns for love. Eventually he becomes aware of the feelings shared by the two lovers and, though he looms over them with a heavy boulder, decides not to crush them. Ultimately, the cyclops puts his eyes out like Oedipus and wanders into the sea to find death because the couple's happiness together horrifies him.
Composition.
Cras encountered Samain's dramatic poem in 1910, ten years after its author's death. He adapted it by dividing it into four rather than the original two acts and slightly pruned the longer speeches. He described the work as a "lyric tragedy" rather than an opera, since there is very little action. The drama proceeds through a series of arcadian pastoral tableaus punctuated by Polyphème's long brooding soliloquies and his obsessive interrogations of Galatée's young brother Lycas.
Cras completed the music in 1914, working on the orchestration while serving in the French navy during the Adriatic campaign of World War I. The music is impressionistic, restless, and highly chromatic, in the spirit of Chausson and Duparc. Polyphème's depression is marked by the use of diminished seventh chords and tortuous figures. The influence of Debussy's "La Mer" and his opera "Pelléas et Mélisande" is also noticeable, especially in the use of whole tone scales.
Premiere.
The opera won the first Ville de Paris Prize in 1921, and was first performed at the Opéra-Comique in Paris in December 1922. It was conducted by Albert Wolff and directed by Albert Carré. It was revived in 1924.
Synopsis.
Act 1: Nymphs and Swains celebrate the charms of nature. Polyphème feels alienated and embittered because the teenage Galatée no longer loves him as she did when she was a child. He asks Lycas, Galatée's young brother, to describe her feelings. Lycas laments that Galatée no longer plays with him, but spends her time with her lover Acis. Polyphème attempts to rekindle his relationship with Galatée by bringing her gifts, but realises that she has no feelings for him. He frightens her when he blurts out his intense love for her and tries to stop her leaving by force, but he finally lets her go.
Act 2: Galatée describes Polyphème's disturbing behaviour to Acis, who expresses his dislike of Polyphème. Galatée says he is to be pitied. The lovers canoodle together. Lycas tries to get the lovers to play with him, but they fob him off.
Act 3: Polyphème broods over his own isolation, and forces Lycas to describe the intimacy of the lovers. Polyphème's bitter obsession frightens Lycas, who pleads with him not to hurt Galatée.
Act 4: Acis and Galatée canoodle together once more and discuss Polyphème's increasingly morose behaviour. The Nymphs and Swains dance and sing of love. As Acis and Galatée fall asleep in each other's arms, the god Pan appears and blesses the lovers. They wake and renew their devotion to one another. Polyphème appears above them with a rock, overhearing the lovers' romantic intimacies, and feels his own ugliness. He leaves in despair. Acis leaves and Galatée ponders love as she hears a mysterious yell of pain in the forest. She falls asleep. Polyphème arrives, blinded. Lycas helps him to touch the sleeping Galatée for the last time. Polyphème then tells Lycas that he is going to walk into the sea.
Recording.
A recording of this opera was released in 2003, with Bramwell Tovey conducting the Luxembourg Philharmonic Orchestra and with Armand Arapian in the title role.

</doc>
<doc id="20012738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012738" title="Mammoth Screen">
Mammoth Screen

Mammoth Screen is a UK-based independent production company that was established in 2007 by Michele Buck and Damien Timmer. It produces high quality drama for key UK broadcasters, especially ITV, and international distribution.
Forthcoming productions.
"Falcón" (2012) is an TV adaptation for Sky of Robert Wilson's detective Javier Falcón with Marton Csokas in the title role.

</doc>
<doc id="20012742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012742" title="Žiganja Vas">
Žiganja Vas

Žiganja Vas (, ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Tržič in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church is dedicated to St. Ulrich. It was first mentioned in documents in 1327, and was extensively rebuilt in 1693 as indicated by the date above the portal. Fragments of frescos from the early 15th century survive in the church.

</doc>
<doc id="20012755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012755" title="Holyoke Blue Sox">
Holyoke Blue Sox

The Holyoke Blue Sox are a collegiate summer baseball team based in Holyoke, Massachusetts. The team, a member of the New England Collegiate Baseball League, plays its home games at Mackenzie Stadium. The Blue Sox were founded in 2001 as the Concord Quarry Dogs but moved following the 2007 season to Holyoke to fill the void left by the departure of the Holyoke Giants to Lynn, Massachusetts.
Team history.
Concord Quarry Dogs.
The Concord Quarry Dogs were founded in 2001, as the second NECBL team in the state of New Hampshire. The team led the league in attendance their inaugural year. Despite making the postseason in both 2002 and 2003, the fan base slowly began to dwindle. Attendance slipped dramatically in 2004 with the arrival of the New Hampshire Fisher Cats in nearby Manchester, New Hampshire. In 2006, average attendance was only 503 per game. Following the 2007 season, the team was purchased by the brother-sister team of Barry Wadsworth and Karen Rella who had hoped to help keep the team in Concord. But shortly thereafter, citing increased rent costs and low attendance, they began their search for a new home.
Move to Holyoke.
With the departure of the Holyoke Giants after the 2007 season, the new ownership group decided to move their team to Holyoke, Massachusetts. Their first year in Holyoke, the Blue Sox finished just under a .500 record and 8 games behind the division winning and eventual NECBL champions Sanford Mainers.
In 2009, the Blue Sox enjoyed far greater success than their inaugural season in Holyoke, finishing with a 20-21 record, earning the fourth and final West Division playoff spot after a one-game playoff with the Danbury Westerners. The Blue Sox then upset the #1 seeded Keene Swamp Bats in the Division Semifinal round, becoming the first ever #4 seed to defeat a #1 seed in the playoffs. However, the Blue Sox were then defeated by the Vermont Mountaineers in the Division Finals. The 2009 season was highlighted by Holyoke's hosting the 2009 NECBL All-Star Game at Mackenzie Stadium. The game saw a record-breaking attendance figure for the event of 4,906.
In 2011, the team finished with a 28-14 record, sharing the West Division regular-season title with the Keene. The team's attendance figures made a dramatic jump, rising from 39th in 2010 to 3rd in collegiate summer baseball. An average of 2,510 spectators attended each game.
Accolades.
Records.
Below is a list of New England Collegiate Baseball League records set by players of the Concord Quarry Dogs and Holyoke Blue Sox, as of the end of the 2009 season.
Note: An asterisk (*) denotes the record being held by a member of the Concord Quarry Dogs.
Awards.
Below is a list of awards won by members of the Concord Quarry Dogs and Holyoke Blue Sox.
Professional alumni.
Below is a list of Concord Quarry Dogs (2001–2007) and Holyoke Blue Sox (2008–2012) alumni who have gone on to play professional baseball at the AA level or higher. The alumni are sorted by peak level of baseball in which they have participated.

</doc>
<doc id="20012784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012784" title="Curubandé de Liberia">
Curubandé de Liberia

Curubandé is a district in the Liberia Canton of Costa Rica. In recent years, Curubandé has become a center of tourism within Costa Rica. This is due in large part to the nearby Rincon de la Vieja National Park. 
Curubande is also the site of Las Pailas Geothermal Central, a large geothermal power plant that is being built to provide a large portion of Costa Rica's electric energy needs.

</doc>
<doc id="20012805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012805" title="Bistrica, Naklo">
Bistrica, Naklo

Bistrica (; ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Naklo in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20012827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012827" title="Lonnie Goldstein">
Lonnie Goldstein

Leslie Elmer Goldstein (May 13, 1918 – January 28, 2013) was a first baseman in Major League Baseball who played briefly for the Cincinnati Reds during the and seasons. He batted and threw left-handed.
A native of Austin, Texas, Goldstein was one of many major leaguers who saw his baseball career interrupted by a military stint during World War II. In 1943 he appeared in five games as a backup for first baseman Frank McCormick. He enrolled in the United States Army in 1944, serving for two and half years before rejoining the Reds in the 1946 midseason as a reserve player and pinch hitter.
In a two-season career, Goldstein was a .100 hitter (1-for-10) with a run scored and a .308 on-base percentage in 11 games.
Goldstein died on January 28, 2013 at the age of 94.

</doc>
<doc id="20012832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012832" title="Helotropha leucostigma">
Helotropha leucostigma

The Crescent "(Helotropha leucostigma)", formerly "Celaena leucostigma" is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone (Europe, Russia, Siberia, Russian Far East, Mongolia, Korea, Japan, and north east China). 
The wingspan is . The moth flies from June to October depending on the location.
The larvae feed on "Iris pseudacorus" and "Cladium mariscus".

</doc>
<doc id="20012842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012842" title="James C. Adkins">
James C. Adkins

James Calhoun Adkins Jr. (January 18, 1915 – June 24, 1994). Adkins was a former justice for the Florida Supreme Court.
He was a judge from the U.S. state of Florida. James Adkins served on the Florida Supreme Court from 1969 - 1987. From 1974 to 1976 Adkins served as Chief Justice.[http://www.law.ufl.edu/leadership/adkins.shtml]
Adkins graduated from the University of Florida College of Law in 1938 and was a member of Florida Blue Key. While on the Florida Supreme Court he dealt with student anti-war demonstrations in the 1960s, and reapportionment of the state of Florida in the 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="20012873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012873" title="WPD">
WPD

WPD or wpd may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20012877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012877" title="Love City Groove (song)">
Love City Groove (song)

"Love City Groove" is a song by British rap group Love City Groove that represented the United Kingdom at the Eurovision Song Contest 1995.
On the night of the contest the song was performed 15th in the running order, following Belgium's Frédéric Etherlinck with "La voix est libre" and preceding Portugal's Tó Cruz with "Baunilha e chocolate". It received 76 points, placing 10th in a field of 23.
It was succeeded as UK representative at the 1996 contest by Gina G with "Ooh Aah... Just a Little Bit".

</doc>
<doc id="20012911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012911" title="Xanthia icteritia">
Xanthia icteritia

The Sallow "(Xanthia icteritia)" is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in the Palearctic ecozone (Europe).
The wingspan is 27–35 mm. The moth flies from July to October depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Willow and Poplar.

</doc>
<doc id="20012916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012916" title="Giselbert of Luxembourg">
Giselbert of Luxembourg

Giselbert of Luxembourg (c. 1007 – 14 August 1059) was count of Salm and of Longwy, then count of Luxembourg from 1047 to 1059. He was the son of Frederick of Luxembourg, count of Moselgau, and perhaps of Ermentrude of Gleiberg.
At first count of Salm and of Longwy, on his brother Henry II's death he inherited the county of Luxembourg, as well as providing the income for the abbeys of Saint-Maximin in Trier and Saint-Willibrord in Echternach. He got into an argument with the archbishop of Trier Poppon as to the abbaye Saint-Maximin, which was arbitrated by his brother Adalbéron III, bishop of Metz.
In 1050, since the population of the town of Luxembourg had risen considerably, he expanded the city by rebuilding a new fortified wall around it.
By an unknown wife, he had :

</doc>
<doc id="20012917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012917" title="Senj Hydroelectric Power Plant">
Senj Hydroelectric Power Plant

Senj Hydroelectric Power Plant is a large high-pressure diversion power plant harnessing the Lika and Gacka Rivers water in Croatia. Senj HPP has four turbines with a nominal capacity of 72 MW each having a total capacity of 220 MW.
It is operated by Hrvatska elektroprivreda.
Another unit of HE Senj is about to be built with the support of EU funds and HEP Croatian Energy Company. A construction on a billion dollar project is set to start in mid 2014 with completion dates around 20017 or 2018 at the latest. 

</doc>
<doc id="20012919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012919" title="Egyptian Theatre (Delta, Colorado)">
Egyptian Theatre (Delta, Colorado)

The Egyptian Theatre in Delta, Colorado is an Egyptian Revival movie house. The 750-seat theater opened in 1928 at the height of the fashion for thematically-designed cinemas. It was designed by Montana Fallis, who designed the Mayan Theatre in Denver.
The Egyptian is notable as one of the first locations for a promotion devised by 20th Century Fox regional manager, Charles Yeager, during the 1930s when business was poor in the small Colorado theaters he managed. "Bank Night" awarded $30 to a random patron once a week. The promotion improved attendance and kept theaters in business. Yeager's pilot program in Colorado was expanded so that by 1936 the promotion was in use at 4000 cinemas in the United States.
After years of decline and neglect the theater was restored in the 1990s, reopening in 1997 as a community theater. It was then renovated again in 2009 to accommodate for new groundbreaking 3D technology.

</doc>
<doc id="20012922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012922" title="1992 Grand Prix Hassan II – Singles">
1992 Grand Prix Hassan II – Singles

Guillermo Pérez-Roldán won the title, defeating Germán López 2–6, 7–5, 6–3 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="20012935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012935" title="Seven skies">
Seven skies

Seven Skies International Music Radio Station is a Russian satellite radio station, broadcasting on the Yamal-201 satellite, covering Russia, CIS, and South-Eastern Asian countries.
About radio station.
Seven Skies is a wideformat music radio station, broadcasting jazz, funk, urban, rock, electronic, house, lounge, downtempo and other styles and genres of music.
The station's programs range from "Track of the Day", which presents a new song every day which has not previously been heard on the station; to "Tribe" (also called "The Philosophy Tales") which tells stories of heroes making their way in the world; to "Beat Plate", which explores the latest releases of deep-house and techno, including Russian talent.

</doc>
<doc id="20012941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012941" title="Velebit Pumped Storage Power Plant">
Velebit Pumped Storage Power Plant

Velebit Pumped Storage Power Plant () is a pumped-storage power plant in Croatia that has two turbines with a nominal capacity of 138 MW each, having a total capacity of 276 MW.
The plant for developed by Industrogradnja, Konstruktor, Hidroelektra, Pomgrad and Geotehnika, and constructed by Elektroprojekt, Projektni Biro and Geoexpert.

</doc>
<doc id="20012956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012956" title="Vinodol Hydroelectric Power Plant">
Vinodol Hydroelectric Power Plant

Vinodol Hydro Power Plant is a large power plant in Croatia that has three turbines with a nominal capacity of 30 MW each having a total capacity of 90 MW.
It is operated by Hrvatska elektroprivreda.

</doc>
<doc id="20012965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012965" title="Tiliacea aurago">
Tiliacea aurago

The Barred Sallow "(Tiliacea aurago)" is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 27–32 mm. The moth flies from September to October depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Beech and Acer campestre.

</doc>
<doc id="20012966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012966" title="HP Mini 1000">
HP Mini 1000

The HP Mini 1000 is a netbook by HP, adapting that company's HP 2133 Mini-Note PC education/business netbook for the consumer market. A similar but cheaper model named the HP Compaq Mini 700 will also be available in some regions with different cosmetics. A special edition machine named the Digital Clutch designed in collaboration with Vivienne Tam is also available. The three computers have similar specifications.
Technical overview.
Processor and memory.
The HP Mini 1000 uses a 1.60 GHz Intel Atom N270 Processor and includes 1 GB of DDR2-533 memory with support for up to 2GB. The Mini has only one slot for RAM. Due to Microsoft's restrictions, the XP versions were only sold with 1GB of RAM, but a user can easily upgrade to 2GB by accessing the slot on the bottom of the computer and replacing the module.
Storage.
The HP Mini 1000 shipped with either a 16/32GB SSD or a 60/80GB 1.8" hard disk drive. The HP Mini 1000 Mi Edition was also available with an 8GB SSD.
Motherboard.
The motherboard uses the Intel 945GSE northbridge chipset and Intel ICH7M southbridge. The motherboard model is HP361A. The northbridge component provides the integrated Intel GMA950 graphics core.
Display.
The Mini features either a 8.9- or 10.1-inch LED-backlit display. The 8.9" display has a resolution of 1024x600 pixels, the 10.1" is 1024x576 (10.2" @ 1024x600 is no longer sold). Both models feature stereo speakers, a webcam, and a single audio jack for both mic and headphones. Both the unit and the dock connector can carry a VGA connection. A first-party adaptor is available from the HP online store. 
Storage.
Some models are equipped with 16GB SSD storage or 1.8" ZIF hard drive. A ZIF SATA connector is used as opposed to standard PATA/SATA connector cables. 
Power.
A 3-cell battery is included as standard. A 6-cell battery can be ordered as an accessory, or (with the Mini 1000 and Digital Clutch only) chosen in place of the 3-cell battery during configuration. The 3-cell and 6-cell batteries provide up to 3 hours and 6 hours of run-time, respectively.
Software.
The Mini has Microsoft Windows XP installed at launch, while Mi (a special HP operating system based on Ubuntu Linux, named for "mobile Internet" containing "HP MediaStyle" based on Elisa) was released in early January 2009 on the HP Mini 1000 "Mi Edition."
Connectivity.
In addition to the aforementioned card reader, the system has two standard USB ports, a 10/100 Mbit Ethernet port, a single 3.5mm audio in/out mini-jack, and a power connector. The Mini 1000 also has a proprietary dock connector which can carry VGA, USB, RJ-45 (over USB), analogue audio in/out, and power. An 802.11b/g wireless NIC (Broadcom BCM4312) is included for Wi-Fi, while Bluetooth 2.0+EDR and a built-in HSDPA modem are options. It can be connected to Verizon for a one- or two-year contract.
Reception.
Initial reviews have been positive, complimenting the computer's keyboard and aesthetics as particular selling points in comparison to its market rivals, and the improved battery life and performance, and reduced price, as particularly important improvements over its antecedent, the HP 2133. However, reviewers noted that the diminutive 1.8-inch hard drive, usually used in digital audio players, performed slower than the 2.5-inch drives in competitors and criticized the decision to charge separately for a VGA adaptor. Although the battery life has been improved, it still does not stand out from the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20012971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012971" title="Zakučac Hydroelectric Power Plant">
Zakučac Hydroelectric Power Plant

Zakučac Hydroelectric Power Plant is a large power plant in Croatia that has four turbines with a nominal capacity of 122 MW each having a total capacity of 488 MW.
It is a high-pressure diversion plant located at the Cetina River mouth into the sea, near the city of Omiš.
It is operated by Hrvatska elektroprivreda.

</doc>
<doc id="20012974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012974" title="Karl Neilson">
Karl Neilson

Karl Neilson (born 1971 in Liverpool) is a British television director.
He left school and started work as a van driver for an electrical goods company in Southport. Harbouring an ambition to be a director, and with an extraordinary natural gift for the aesthetic (and the humility to match), he returned to education at the Liverpool Community College. He won a place on the Media Production Bachelor of Arts course at Bournemouth University, and graduated with first class honours in 1996.
His television career began as an assistant director on "EastEnders". Over the following few years he worked on a number of BBC shows including "Silent Witness", "Holby City", "Grange Hill" and "Hero to Zero".
In 2001, aged 29, Neilson got his directing break on "EastEnders". In 2004, a double episode set in the launderette with Dot Cotton telling Den Watts she had cancer won a TV Moments award, named as 'Best Popular Drama Moment' of 2004.
As well as directing for the BBC, he has also directed episodes of "The Bill" and "Family Affairs" for TalkbackThames. In 2008 he began directing the new series of "Minder" for FIVE which was later axed due to poor viewing figures.

</doc>
<doc id="20012986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012986" title="Dubrava Hydroelectric Power Plant">
Dubrava Hydroelectric Power Plant

Dubrava Hydro Power Plant is a large power plant in Croatia that has four turbines with a nominal capacity of 21 MW each having a total capacity of 84 MW.
The power plant uses Lake Dubrava as its reservoir and was completed in 1989. It is located near the village of Sveta Marija in Međimurje County, on the county's border with Varaždin County. The reservoir is also divided between the two counties.
It is operated by Hrvatska elektroprivreda.

</doc>
<doc id="20012990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012990" title="Xanthia gilvago">
Xanthia gilvago

The Dusky-lemon Sallow "(Xanthia gilvago)" is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 32–38 mm. The moth flies from August to October depending on the location.
The larvae feed on English elm.

</doc>
<doc id="20012995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20012995" title="Čakovec Hydroelectric Power Plant">
Čakovec Hydroelectric Power Plant

Čakovec Hydroelectric Power Plant is a large hydroelectric power plant in Croatia that has four turbines with a nominal capacity of 21 MW each having a total capacity of 84 MW. 
It is a multipurpose facility harnessing the Drava River water power, providing flood and erosion control, improving drainage, water supply, traffic and conditions for development of leisure industry and sports. Čakovec hydro plant installed power at generator terminals is 75.9 MW, and possible average annual output is 400 GWh. Gross head at the power house for Qi is 17.53 m.
The power plant uses Lake Varaždin as its reservoir and was completed in 1982. It is located near the villages of Šemovec and Orehovica. Although named after Čakovec, the county seat of Međimurje County, the power plant is almost entirely located within Varaždin County, while the reservoir is equally divided between the two counties.
It is operated by Hrvatska elektroprivreda.

</doc>
<doc id="20013002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013002" title="Conrad I, Count of Luxembourg">
Conrad I, Count of Luxembourg

Conrad I, Count of Luxembourg (c. 1040 – 8 August 1086) was count of Luxembourg (1059–1086), succeeding his father Giselbert of Luxembourg.
He was embroiled in an argument with the archbishop of Trier as to the abbaye Saint-Maximin in Trier which he had avowed. The archbishop excommunicated him Conrad had to make honourable amends and set out on pilgrimage for Jerusalem. He died in Italy on the return journey.
He founded many abbeys:
Marriage and issue.
Around 1075 he married Clementia (1060 † 1142), suggested to have been daughter of Pierre-Guillaume VII, duke of Aquitaine and of Ermesinde. They had :

</doc>
<doc id="20013003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013003" title="Dynamic infrastructure">
Dynamic infrastructure

Dynamic Infrastructure is an information technology paradigm concerning the design of data centers so that the underlying hardware and software can respond dynamically to changing levels of demand in more fundamental and efficient ways than before. The paradigm is also known as "Infrastructure 2.0" and "Next Generation Data Center".
Top tier vendors promoting dynamic infrastructures include IBM, Microsoft, Sun, Fujitsu, HP and Dell.
The basic premise of Dynamic Infrastructures is to leverage pooled IT resources to provide flexible IT capacity, enabling the seamless, real-time allocation of IT resources in line with demand from business processes. This is achieved by using server virtualization technology to pool computing resources wherever possible, and allocating these resources on-demand using automated tools. This allows for load balancing and is a more efficient approach than keeping massive computing resources in reserve to run tasks that take place, for example, once a month, but are otherwise under-utilized.
Early examples of server-level Dynamic Infrastructures are the FlexFrame for SAP and FlexFrame for Oracle solutions introduced by Fujitsu Siemens Computers (now Fujitsu) in 2003. The FlexFrame approach is to dynamically assign servers to applications on demand, leveling peaks and enabling organizations to maximize the benefit from their IT investments.
Enterprises switching to Dynamic Infrastructures can also reduce costs, improve quality-of-service and make more efficient use of energy through reducing the number of standby or under-utilized machines in their data centers. Instead of the hot spare principle of keeping second servers on standby to replace all production machines in contingencies for hardware- and software-related failures, Dynamic Infrastructures provide for failover from a smaller pool of spare machines. By reducing redundant capacity, organizations are enabled to make more efficient use of their IT budgets and devote greater proportions of their budget to physical and virtual production servers.
Dynamic Infrastructures may also be used to provide security and data protection when workloads are moved during migrations, provisioning, enhancing performance or building co-location facilities. 
Potential benefits of Dynamic Infrastructures include enhancing performance, scalability, system availability and uptime, increasing server utilization and the ability to perform routine maintenance on either physical or virtual systems all while minimizing interruption to business operations and reducing cost for IT. Dynamic Infrastructures also provide the fundamental business continuity and high availability requirements to facilitate cloud or grid computing.
Fujitsu's definition: "Dynamic Infrastructures enable customers to assign IT resources dynamically to services as required and to choose sourcing models which best fit their businesses. This brings IT flexibility and efficiency to the next level."
IBM's definition: “A dynamic infrastructure integrates business and IT assets and aligns them with the overall goals of the business while taking a smarter, new and more streamlined approach to helping improve service, reduce cost, and manage risk.”
For networking companies, Infrastructure 2.0 refers to the ability of networks to keep up with the movement and scale requirements of new enterprise IT initiatives, especially virtualization and cloud computing. According to companies like Cisco, F5 Networks and Infoblox, network automation and connectivity intelligence between networks, applications and endpoints will be required to reap the full benefits of virtualization and many types of cloud computing. This will require network management and infrastructure to be consolidated, enabling higher levels of dynamic control and connectivity between networks, systems and endpoints.
Need for Cloud Computing.
Even in the face of global uncertainty, it is the infrastructure that continues to enable commerce and communications – the roads, networks, utilities, and technologies connecting and differentiating organizations, competitors and customers. The need therefore, is for a new type of infrastructure that:
Organizations need an infrastructure that can propel them forward — not hold them back. Until now, many organizations have thought of physical infrastructure and IT infrastructure as separate. This meant, for example, that airports, roadways, buildings, power plants, and oil wells were managed in one way, while datacenters, PCs, cell phones, routers, and broadband devices were managed quite differently.
To succeed in today's world of instrumented, interconnected, and intelligent assets, a new approach is needed. Now, the infrastructure of atoms and the infrastructure of bits are merging into an intelligent, global, dynamic infrastructure. This convergence of business and IT assets requires an infrastructure that can measure and manage the lifecycle of assets that exist beyond the data center, throughout an organization's entire facilities as well as between one organization and another. The range of this approach is broader than ever before, and its effect on organizations is equally far-reaching.
Benefits of having dynamic infrastructures.
Dynamic infrastructures take advantage of intelligence gained across the network. By design, every dynamic infrastructure is service-oriented and focused on supporting and enabling the end users in a highly responsive way. It can utilize alternative sourcing approaches, like cloud computing to deliver new services with agility and speed.
Global organizations already have the foundation for a dynamic infrastructure that will bring together the business and IT infrastructure to create new possibilities. For example:
Virtualized applications can reduce the cost of testing, packaging and supporting an application by 60%, and they reduced overall TCO by 5% to 7% in our model.
– Source: Gartner – "TCO of Traditional Software Distribution vs. Application Virtualization" / Michael A Silver, Terrence Cosgrove, Mark A Margevicious, Brian Gammage / 16 April 2008
While green issues are a primary driver in 10% of current data center outsourcing and hosting initiatives, cost reductions initiatives are a driver 47% of the time and are now aligned well with green goals. Combining the two means that at least 57% of data center outsourcing and hosting initiatives are driven by green.
– Source: Gartner – "Green IT Services as a Catalyst for Cost Optimization." / Kurt Potter / 4 December 2008
"By 2013, more than 50% of midsize organizations and more than 75% of large enterprises will implement layered recovery architectures."
– Source: Gartner – "Predicts 2009: Business Continuity Management Juggles Standardization, Cost and Outsourcing Risk"). / Roberta J Witty, John P Morency, Dave Russell, Donna Scott, Rober Desisto / 28 January 2009
The key to a business and IT infrastructure that is "dynamic" is leveraging technologies, service delivery and acquisition models that optimize the infrastructure for efficiency and flexibility while transforming management to an automated service delivery and management model.

</doc>
<doc id="20013008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013008" title="Dupont, Louisiana">
Dupont, Louisiana

Dupont, Louisiana may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="20013016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013016" title="Dubrovnik Hydroelectric Power Plant">
Dubrovnik Hydroelectric Power Plant

Dubrovnik Hydro Power Plant is a large power plant in Croatia that has four turbines with a nominal capacity of 54 MW each having a total capacity of 216 MW.
It is operated by Hrvatska elektroprivreda.

</doc>
<doc id="20013024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013024" title="Xanthia ocellaris">
Xanthia ocellaris

The pale-lemon sallow ("Xanthia ocellaris") is a moth of the family Noctuidae. It is found from Europe to Anatolia and Morocco.
The wingspan is 32–36 mm. There is one generation per year, with adults on wing from August to October depending on the location.
The larvae feed on poplar and low growing plants. Larvae can be found from April to June. It overwinters as an egg.

</doc>
<doc id="20013025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013025" title="Sæter (station)">
Sæter (station)

Sæter is a light rail station on the Oslo Tramway.
Located at Nordstrand, it was the terminus of the Ekeberg Line when it was opened in 1917 by "AS Ekebergbanen" in cooperation with Kristiania Sporveisselskab. In 1941 the Ekeberg Line was extended to Ljabru, the current terminus. Until 1967, the stretch between Sæter and Ljabru was the only single track rail in Oslo.
Sæter is a key word in John Buchan's novel "The Three Hostages".

</doc>
<doc id="20013029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013029" title="Medullary ray (botany)">
Medullary ray (botany)

In botany, Medullary rays refer to a characteristic found in woods. In this context the term refers to radial sheets or ribbons extending vertically through the tree across and perpendicular to the growth rings. Also called pith rays or wood rays, these formations of primarily parenchyma cells allow the radial transmission of sap and are essential in the process of tylosis. In quartersawn material, where the wood is cut into boards with the growth rings roughly perpendicular to the face of the board, the medullary rays often produce beautiful figure such as silver grain, medullary spots, pith flecks, etc.

</doc>
<doc id="20013030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013030" title="Medullary ray (anatomy)">
Medullary ray (anatomy)

In anatomy, the medullary ray (Ferrein's pyramid) is the middle part of the cortical lobule or renal lobule, consisting of a group of straight tubes to the collecting ducts.
Their name is potentially misleading -- the "medullary" refers to their destination, not their location. They travel perpendicular to the capsule and extend from the cortex to the medulla. 

</doc>
<doc id="20013040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013040" title="Paguyuban Pasundan">
Paguyuban Pasundan

Paguyuban Pasundan (Sundanese language literally means Sundanese Circle of Friends) is a Sundanese cultural organization that was founded on 20 July 1913, to become the oldest organizations in Indonesia that still operates. During its existence, the organization has been moving in the field of education, socio-cultural, politics, economy, youth and women empowerment. Paguyuban Pasundan works to preserve the Sundanese culture.
Paguyuban Pasundan indirectly affected the establishment of Budi Utomo on Wednesday 20 May 1908. Considered the beginning of the Indonesian nation movement to independence, many Sundanese people who joined the organization. Branches of Budi Utomo also appeared in many places in West Java, such as in Bandung and Bogor. Sundanese membership in the Budi Utomo decreased drastically when the organisation seemed focused upon the population of Central Java and East Java .
Sundanese students in the STOVIA ("School Tot Opleiding Voor Indlandsche Artsen") - Dutch East Indies' era medical school in Batavia (Jakarta), attempted to make the Sundanese people's organization. Next, the students aged about 22 years old, visit Daeng Kandoeroean Ardiwinata residence, who regarded as the Sundanese elders. In the visits, they stated purpose of the establishment of the organization at the same time ask D. K. Ardiwinata to become head of the organization.
After D. K. Ardiwinata agreed, in Jakarta, on Sunday 20 July 1913 they held a meeting for the establishment of clubs. In the meeting, the establishment of the organization was agreed and they named the organization ""Pagoejoeban Pasoendan"." They also set D. K. Ardiwinata as advisors and Dajat Hidajat (STOVIA's student) as chairman.
Between 1931 and 1942, Paguyuban Pasundan had a great reputation under the leadership of Oto Iskandar Di Nata, Indonesian national hero.
Today, Paguyuban Pasundan's activities are dominated by activity in the field of education and socio-cultural. One of the milestones in the field of education struggle is the establishment of University of Pasundan in Bandung on Monday 14 November 1960. Paguyuban Pasundan now has 32 branch offices with 492 smaller branches. At least 12,300 people involved in this "paguyuban". Sundanese cultural preservation in the era of globalization has become the main priority. Pasundan schools in primary and secondary education scattered in the area of West Java and Banten. In higher education, Paguyuban Pasundan has one university and three ""sekolah tinggi"" (colleges).
In 2011, Pasundan University has got the solely grant in Art to performe in some universities and cities in China.

</doc>
<doc id="20013041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013041" title="Boris Razinsky">
Boris Razinsky

Boris Davidovich Razinsky () (July 12, 1933 — August 6, 2012) was a Soviet Russian football player and manager of Jewish ethnicity. He played both as a goalkeeper and as a striker (usually keeping one specific position while playing at the same club). He played in goal for the national team as a backup to Lev Yashin. He was born in Lyubertsy and died in Moscow.
Biography.
International career.
Razinsky made his debut for USSR on October 23, 1955, in a friendly against France.
Personal life.
He is Jewish. In 2009, Razinsky attended the 2009 Maccabiah Games to watch his grandson participate in the under-18 football competition. Razinsky's visit was marred by a brawl between the Russian and Argentine sides and both squads were told not to return for the 2013 Maccabiah Games.

</doc>
<doc id="20013044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013044" title="Ljabru (station)">
Ljabru (station)

Ljabru is a light rail station on the Oslo Tramway.
Located at Ljabru in Nordstrand, it is the current terminus of the Ekeberg Line. It was opened on 17 September 1941 as an extension of that line from Sæter. Until 1967, the stretch between Sæter and Ljabru was the only single track rail in Oslo. A bridge that is located between Ljabru and Sæter is still single track.

</doc>
<doc id="20013046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013046" title="Kadaň Photovoltaics Plant">
Kadaň Photovoltaics Plant

The Kadaň Photovoltaics Plant will be Czech Republic's largest photovoltaics producing plant having an annual capacity of 150 MW of solar cells.

</doc>
<doc id="20013068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013068" title="Oasis Restaurant">
Oasis Restaurant

The The Oasis on Lake Travis is a popular restaurant on the western edge of Austin, Texas. The restaurant promotes itself as the "Sunset Capital of Texas" with its terraced views looking west over Lake Travis. The thirty thousand square foot restaurant sits on a bluff 450 feet above the lake and is the largest outdoor restaurant in Texas.
The restaurant was first built in 1982 by Houston entrepreneur Beau Theriot, who purchased a ranch overlooking the lake and converted it into the current multi-use venue.
On the morning of June 1, 2005, a lightning strike ignited a fire which consumed much of the property. Parts of the facility that were not damaged were reopened within weeks, and other parts have had to be rebuilt.
Miscellaneous.
The Oasis Restaurant is "not" the Oasis from Garth Brooks' song "Friends in Low Places". "The Oasis" in the Brooks song refers to an old underground bar in Concordia, Kansas.
See also.
<br><br><br>

</doc>
<doc id="20013071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013071" title="List of High Commissioners of Australia to the United Kingdom">
List of High Commissioners of Australia to the United Kingdom

The role of Her Majesty's High Commissioner of Australia to the United Kingdom is as the leader of the Australian High Commission to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland in London. The position has the rank and status of an Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary.
The High Commission of Australia in London is Australia's oldest diplomatic posting, having been established in 1910. Australia House became the site of the mission in 1913. 
Prior to this, and prior to federation, Australia was represented through the Agents-General of the colonies, the oldest being New South Wales in 1864. The colonies became states upon federation in 1901 and many continue to maintain an office in London. 
Four of Australia's Prime Ministers have been High Commissioner (Reid, Fisher, Cook and Bruce). 
The position was held by John Dauth from 2008 to 2013. Former South Australian Premier Mike Rann was announced on 23 August 2012 as the next Australian High Commissioner to the United Kingdom which he assumed on 1 February 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20013073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013073" title="William Petyt">
William Petyt

William Petyt (Petit) (1641?–1707) was an English lawyer and writer, a political propagandist in the Whig interest. 
Life.
He was born at Storiths, Bolton Abbey. He was educated at Ermysted’s Grammar School, Skipton and Christ's College, Cambridge. He was admitted to the Middle Temple but was later associated with the Inner Temple.
He was Keeper of the Records in the Tower of London. He replaced in that position Robert Brady, who had made a very effective attack for the Tories on Petyt's "Antient Right". Petyt was attacked also from his own side, the Whigs, by Thomas Hunt.
Historian.
He wrote against the separation of powers, and in favour of Parliament's control of the judiciary. Influential in its time, in particular on John Locke, was a version of 'ancient constitutionalism' compounded of the writings of John Sadler, James Tyrrell and Petyt.
Modern verdicts on Petyt as historian have been harsh. David C. Douglas comments that he with William Atwood, though distinguished jurists, "took what was worst" from the earlier works of their century on constitutional history. J. H. Plumb wrote that it was hard not convict Petyt, "not only of error, but also of deceit".

</doc>
<doc id="20013076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013076" title="Clementia of Aquitaine">
Clementia of Aquitaine

Clémence d'Aquitaine (1060 – 4 January 1142) was a daughter of Pierre-Guillaume VII, duke of Aquitaine, and his wife Ermesinde.
She married firstly around 1075 to Conrad I of Luxembourg (1040 † 1086), count of Luxembourg, and had:
Widowed, she remarried to Gerard I († 1129), count of Wassenberg and of Guelders. This count married twice and had two children, neither of whose mothers has been identified. These two children, perhaps born to Clémence, were :

</doc>
<doc id="20013083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013083" title="Opatov Photovoltaics Plant">
Opatov Photovoltaics Plant

The Opatov Photovoltaics Plant is Czech Republic's largest photovoltaics producing plant having an installed annual capacity of 60 MW of solar cells.

</doc>
<doc id="20013086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013086" title="Baya M. Harrison Jr.">
Baya M. Harrison Jr.

Baya M. Harrison, Jr. (1912 in Tampa, Florida–1975) was a politician and an attorney in Florida. He served as Chairman of the Florida Board of Control from 1960–1964. Harrison greatly impacted the State University System of Florida and helped desegregate Florida colleges and universities. He served as President of the Florida Bar in 1957.
Harrison graduated from the University of Florida College of Law in 1935 and was a member of Alpha Tau Omega while there. He served in the United States Army during World War II, and earned the rank of Colonel. Harrison led the Japanese-American Squadron (442 Regimental Combat Team). While in the service he received the Bronze Star for Valor in combat.[http://www.law.ufl.edu/leadership/harrison.shtml]

</doc>
<doc id="20013099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013099" title="Simensbråten (station)">
Simensbråten (station)

Simensbråten was a light rail station on the Oslo Tramway.
Located at Simensbråten in Nordstrand, it was the terminus of the Simensbråten Line which was opened in 1931 as a side branch of the Ekeberg Line. The Simensbråten Line was closed on 29 October 1967. The area is currently served by Ryen T-bane station.

</doc>
<doc id="20013100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013100" title="Pneuma (disambiguation)">
Pneuma (disambiguation)

Pneuma is an ancient Greek word for "breath", and in a religious context for "spirit" or "soul." 
Pneuma may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20013101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013101" title="Chomutov Wind Farm">
Chomutov Wind Farm

The Chomutov Wind Farm is a planned wind power project in the Czech Republic. It will have 250 individual wind turbines with a nominal output of around 2 MW which will deliver up to 76 MW of power, with a capital investment required of approximately US$ 90 million. 

</doc>
<doc id="20013102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013102" title="Henry III, Count of Luxembourg">
Henry III, Count of Luxembourg

Henri III, Count of Luxembourg (died 1096) was count of Luxembourg (1086–1096), in succession to his father Conrad. His mother was Clementia of Aquitaine.
He never married and was succeeded by his brother William.

</doc>
<doc id="20013117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013117" title="Glenn Perry">
Glenn Perry

Glenn Perry is an Australian writer and opera librettist.
He is notable for his librettos for Julian Yu's operas "Fresh Ghosts" (1997) and "The Possessed" (2003). Perry received a grant in 2002 from the Australia Council for the writing of "The Obsessed". He wrote the libretto for the operatic version of Helen Garner's novella "The Children's Bach". For this work, Perry received the 2007 RE Ross Trust Playwrights' Script Development Award.
He has also adapted Australian children's author Morris Gleitzman's book "Second Childhood" for the stage.
Perry is currently working on an operatic treatment of Tim Winton’s "That Eye, the Sky" for Julian Yu and ChamberMade Opera.

</doc>
<doc id="20013129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013129" title="I.O.U. (album)">
I.O.U. (album)

I.O.U. is the second studio album by guitarist Allan Holdsworth, released in 1982 through Luna Crack Records/I.O.U. Records originally on vinyl; a CD edition was reissued in 1985 through Enigma Records and a remaster in 2008 through Belle Antique. A previous album, "Velvet Darkness", was released in 1976 without Holdsworth's consent, therefore making this (in his view) his first official solo release. Furthermore, many tracks from "Velvet Darkness" have been remade and retitled for "I.O.U.".

</doc>
<doc id="20013131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013131" title="Tova Ilan">
Tova Ilan

Tova Ilan (, born 1 June 1929) is an Israeli educator and former politician who briefly served as a member of the Knesset for Meimad between January and April 2006.
Biography.
Born in Austria, Ilan made aliyah to Israel, and was involved in the Haganah. She joined kibbutz Ein Tzurim in 1951 and from 1951 until 1960 she worked with Youth Aliyah. From 1961 until 1972 she was the headmistress of Shafir Regional high school. In 1987 she established the Yaakov Herzog Centre for Jewish Studies in Ein Tzurim, and was its director until 2001, and is now its president.
For the 2003 elections she was placed 27th on the joined Labor Party-Meimad list, (the second placed Meimad candidate after party leader Michael Melchior), but missed out on a seat when the alliance won only 19 seats. However, she entered the Knesset on 21 January 2006 as a replacement for Efi Oshaya (who had entered the Knesset three days previously as a replacement for Haim Ramon who ha left the party to join Kadima). Because the Knesset was already in recess prior to the next elections, she chose not to take her salary, and donated it to young olim.
She was not included on the party's list for the March 2006 elections, and subsequently lost her seat.

</doc>
<doc id="20013140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013140" title="Telephone numbers in Latvia">
Telephone numbers in Latvia

The Latvian numbering plan is a closed telephone numbering plan. Subscribers' numbers are all a standard length of 8 digits and are used for all calls, even in the same area. Telephone numbering in Latvia is controlled by the Public Utilities Commission and Electronic Communications Office.
Country Code: +371<br>
International Call Prefix: 00<br>
Trunk Prefix: none
Local calls.
Under the current numbering plan in Latvia, all phone numbers are 8 digits long, starting with a 2 or 3 digit, except for smaller towns, which have 4 digits, city code for landlines. For all calls, local and national, all 8 digits must be dialed, except for emergency or other special short numbers.
Example:
To make national calls from Riga to Jelgava 630xxxxx should be dialed.
To make local calls within Riga 67xxxxxx or 66xxxxxx should be dialed.
International calls.
Dial 00 followed by the remote country code and subscriber number.
Examples:
Emergency calls.
112 calls are handled by the State Fire and Rescue Service. If police or medical assistance is required, the call is redirected to the department the caller asks for. 0x-numbers are not reachable from mobile phones on their own but they can be prefixed with +371, e.g. +371 0x.
In July 2010 the number 113 was introduced for emergency medical service, operated by State Emergency Medical Service of Latvia. 113 is reachable from mobile phones, landlines and also payphones.
There are plans to introduce new number 110 for police in 2010 that will be reachable from mobile phones (the current ones will remain in service).
Special Services.
Special service numbers in Latvia may have different lengths, ranging from 3 to 6 digits. Formerly, before changes to the numbering plan were introduced on September 4, 2008, there were only 3 or 4 digit numbers.
Some special service number holders have 8-digit geographical numbers to make their services available for access from abroad. Usually these numbers are chosen to be similar to short numbers. (Example: Latvian railway information service number 1181 is accessible from abroad by dialling +37167231181)

</doc>
<doc id="20013141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013141" title="Suzuki A80">
Suzuki A80

The Suzuki A80 is a 72 cc, two-stroke motorcycle manufactured by Suzuki during the 1970s. The A80 which succeeded the A70 was basically an A100 with a smaller capacity engine. The motorcycle came into the market just before the fuel crisis of 1973. It has autolub system which omitted the need for premixing of two-stroke oil with gasoline. 
Specifications:

</doc>
<doc id="20013147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013147" title="William, Count of Luxembourg">
William, Count of Luxembourg

William I, Count of Luxembourg (1081–1131) was count of Luxembourg (1096–1131), in succession to his elder brother Henry III of Luxembourg. They were both sons of Conrad and Clementia of Aquitaine. William was the first of his family to use the title "count of Luxembourg" in his documents.
Like his predecessors, he was embroiled in debates with the archbishop of Trier Bruno in 1122 and 1127, leading to William's excommunication.
Around 1105 he married Mathilde or Luitgarde of Northeim, daughter of Kuno, count of Beichlingen, and had :

</doc>
<doc id="20013164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013164" title="Fyodor Rimsha">
Fyodor Rimsha

Fyodor Mikhailovich Rimsha () (born in 1891; died in 1942) was an association football player.
International career.
Rimsha made his debut for Russia on July 1, 1912 in a 1912 Olympics game against Germany.

</doc>
<doc id="20013166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013166" title="The Sleeping Mountain">
The Sleeping Mountain

The Sleeping Mountain is an adventure novel by English author John Harris.

</doc>
<doc id="20013172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013172" title="Slapy Hydroelectric Power Station">
Slapy Hydroelectric Power Station

Slapy Hydro Power Plant is a large power plant in the Czech Republic that has four turbines with a nominal capacity of 36 MW each having a total capacity of 144 MW.
How Hydroelectric Power Works.
A power source is used to turn a propeller-like piece that is called a turbine, which then turns a metal shaft in an electric generator, which is the motor that produces electricity. A hydroelectric plant uses falling water to turn the turbine.

</doc>
<doc id="20013187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013187" title="Conrad II, Count of Luxembourg">
Conrad II, Count of Luxembourg

Conrad II of Luxembourg (died 1136) was count of Luxembourg (1131–1136), in succession to his father William I of Luxembourg. His mother was Mathilde or Luitgarde of Northeim.
He married Ermengarde, daughter of count Otto II of Zutphen. Conrad II died without a male heir, and so the county of Luxembourg reverted to the Holy Roman Emperor. The emperor in turn did not wish the county to be rule by Conrad's closest relative Henri de Grandpré, who was a French lord and so might align the county with the kingdom of France, and so granted it to Henry of Namur, a cousin of Conrad's.

</doc>
<doc id="20013195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013195" title="Mikhail Romanov (footballer)">
Mikhail Romanov (footballer)

Mikhail Alekseyevich Romanov () (born in 1895; died in 1961) was an association football player.
International career.
Romanov made his debut for Russia on July 5, 1914 in a friendly against Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="20013197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013197" title="Dlouhé stráně Hydro Power Plant">
Dlouhé stráně Hydro Power Plant

Dlouhé stráně Hydro Power Plant is a large pumped storage plant in the Czech Republic, located on the Desná river. It has 2 turbines with a nominal power of 325 MW each, providing a total capacity of 650 MW. The elevated reservoir is situated on top of the Dlouhé Stráně mountain, 1,350 m above sea level and the head of turbines is 510 m.

</doc>
<doc id="20013214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013214" title="Marche regional election, 2000">
Marche regional election, 2000

The Marche regional election of 2000 took place on 16 April 2000.
Vito D'Ambrosio (Democrats of the Left) was re-elected President, defeating Maurizio Bertucci (Forza Italia).
Results.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="20013223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013223" title="B. Campbell Thornal">
B. Campbell Thornal

Benjamin Campbell Thornal (October 18, 1908 – November 4, 1970) was a justice of the Florida Supreme Court.
He was a judge from the U.S. state of Florida. Thornal served on the Florida Supreme Court from 1955 - 1970. From 1965 to 1967 he served as Chief Justice.[http://www.law.ufl.edu/leadership/thornal.shtml]
Thornal graduated from the University of Florida College of Law in 1930. He served as an officer in the United States Navy during World War II, and in 1938 he became an attorney for the city of Orlando. He went on to serve in this capacity until he was selected for the Florida Supreme Court in 1955.

</doc>
<doc id="20013224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013224" title="Vrutok Hydroelectric Power Station">
Vrutok Hydroelectric Power Station

Vrutok Hydro Power Plant is a large power plant in Macedonia that has five turbines with a nominal capacity of 49 MW each having a total capacity of 245 MW.

</doc>
<doc id="20013225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013225" title="Moataz Al-Demerdash">
Moataz Al-Demerdash

Moataz Al-Demerdash (Arabic: معتز الدمرداش) is the Egyptian host of "Misr AlGadida" ("New Egypt") on the Al Hayat satellite TV channel, and has hosted on the channel the Egyptian version of RTL Group's legendary "Let's Make a Deal". He formerly was the host of "Teseen Dakeeka" ("90 Minutes") on the El Mehwar satellite TV channel. He's the son of (Nour Al-Demerdash) a famous Egyptian Actor and Director. 

</doc>
<doc id="20013226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013226" title="Ermengarde of Zutphen">
Ermengarde of Zutphen

Ermengarde of Zutphen (died 1138) was countess of Zutphen (1122–1138), succeeding her elder brother Henry II, Count of Zutphen (her other two brothers had taken holy orders and died respectively). Their parents were Otto II, Count of Zutphen and Judith of Arnstein.
She first married around 1116 to Gerard II († 1131), count of Guelders and of Wassenberg, and had :
Widowed, she remarried to Conrad II († 1136), count of Luxembourg, but the marriage remained childless.

</doc>
<doc id="20013229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013229" title="Road Games">
Road Games

Road Games is an EP (or, according to its vinyl sleeve, a "specially-priced 6-cut mini album") by guitarist Allan Holdsworth, released in 1983 through Warner Bros. Records originally on vinyl only; a CD edition was reissued through Gnarly Geezer Records in 2001, although to this day Holdsworth claims to have received no royalties from either release. He has also named it as one of his least favourite recordings, due to numerous creative differences with executive producer Ted Templeman. It nonetheless received a nomination for Best Rock Instrumental Performance at the 1984 Grammy Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="20013242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013242" title="Isaiah Gafni">
Isaiah Gafni

Isaiah Gafni (born 1944), historian of Judaism in the Second Temple and Talmudic periods. He is the Sol Rosenbloom Chair of Jewish History at Hebrew University of Jerusalem.
Education.
Ph.D, Jewish History, Hebrew University of Jerusalem (1978), under the direction of Menahem Stern and Shmuel Safrai; MA, Hebrew University (1969); BA, Hebrew University (1966).
Thought and writings.
Gafni is interested in the attitudes of the Jews of the Second Temple towards the Land of Israel. His research focuses on how Judaism was reshaped during the years the Jews after the Temple’s destruction. He has authored numerous academic articles, three books, and he edited over fifteen books regarding a wide range of topics in Jewish History. Gafni’s focus is research on political, social and religious Jewish life during the Second Temple Period (516 BCE – 70 CE). His book The "Jews of Talmudic Babylonia: A Social and Cultural History" was honored with the 1992 Holon Municipality Prize for Jewish studies. Additionally he has written more than 100 entries in the Encyclopaedia Judaica.
Gafni's most recent book, titled, "Land, Center and Diaspora: Jewish Constructs in Late Antiquity" was originally delivered in a series of lectures in Oxford called the Third Jacobs Lectures in Rabbinic Thought in January 1994. In the book he seeks to "shed some light on what the Jews of the period (post destruction of the Second Temple), in Judea, as well as in diaspora, might have thought about their particular situation as a scattered people, and how these thoughts translated into concrete policies and subsequent measures that shaped and defined relationships among the various Jewish communities of Late Antiquity."
The most recent works published by Gafni are "The Jewish Family – Metaphor and Memory", explaining the institution of Jewish marriage in Rabbinic times, and "Irano-Judaica II" which articulates the expressions and types of “local-patriotism” among the Jews of Sasanian Babylonia.
Professor Gafni has been a professor in the Hebrew University of Jerusalem for over 40 years and a visiting professor at other institutions such as Yale and Brown University. He has offered courses entitled "“The Beginnings of Judaism”", "“The Great World Religions”", and has lectured in many institutions throughout Israel and across North America.
Selected publications.
Books

</doc>
<doc id="20013252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013252" title="Sergei Romanov (footballer)">
Sergei Romanov (footballer)

Sergei Isidorovich Romanov () (born January 14, 1897 in Moscow; died August 20, 1970 in Moscow) was an association football player.
International career.
Romanov made his debut for Russia on September 14, 1913 in a friendly against Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="20013264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013264" title="Čebren Hydro Power Plant">
Čebren Hydro Power Plant

Cebren Hydro Power Plant will be a large power plant in Macedonia that has five turbines with a nominal capacity of 51 MW each having a total capacity of 255 MW.

</doc>
<doc id="20013268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013268" title="Morikawa">
Morikawa

Morikawa (most commonly ) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20013272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013272" title="Boškov Most Hydro Power Plant">
Boškov Most Hydro Power Plant

Boskov Most Hydro Power Plant is a planned hydroelectric power plant in Macedonia that has five turbines with a nominal capacity of 14 MW each having a total capacity of 70 MW.

</doc>
<doc id="20013281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013281" title="Kozjak Hydro Power Plant">
Kozjak Hydro Power Plant

Kozjak Hydro Power Plant is a large hydroelectric power plant on the river Treska which creates an artificial lake Kozjak, the largest in Republic of Macedonia. It is located in the western part of the country in the municipality of Makedonski Brod.
The power plant has two turbines with a nominal capacity of 41 MW each having a total capacity of 82 MW.
The lake is long, with maximum depth of . The maximum elevation of the lake is 469.9 m and it has a capacity of about 380 million m³ of water. There is an abundance of fish in the lake.
The construction of the dam started in August 1994. The reservoir started filling in May 2003, and the two power generators finally went online in July and September 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="20013288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013288" title="Sir William Lawrence, 5th Baronet">
Sir William Lawrence, 5th Baronet

Sir William Fettiplace Lawrence, 5th Baronet OBE (23 August 1954) is an English baronet and politician.
Lawrence was born on 14 July 1954, the son of Sir William Lawrence and his wife Pamela, Lady Lawrence. He was educated at King Edward VI School Stratford-upon-Avon. He succeeded to his father’s baronetcy in 1986 (see Lawrence Baronets).
Lawrence has filled numerous roles in his political career, specialising in the promotion of tourism in the Midlands. He has been a member of the Stratford-on-Avon District Council since 1982 (and was Chairman from 1990–1991). He has been on the South Warwickshire General Hospital NHS Trust since 1993. He has been a member of the Heart of England Tourist Board since 1989 (and Chairman since 1991). He has also been a Governor of the Royal Shakespeare Theatre since 1991.
He was made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire in 2003 for services to the tourist industry.
He contracted polio at the age of three, and his life has been lived from a wheelchair. He married February 2005 Tamara Bubashvili of Tbilisi, Georgia, b. 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="20013292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013292" title="Spilje Hydro Power Plant">
Spilje Hydro Power Plant

Spilje Hydro Power Plant is a large power plant in Macedonia that has three turbines with a nominal capacity of 23 MW each having a total capacity of 69 MW.

</doc>
<doc id="20013295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013295" title="She's a Windup">
She's a Windup

"She's a Windup" is a song by the band Dr. Feelgood. The track was recorded in 1977, and appeared on "Be Seeing You", an album by Dr. Feelgood that was released in September that year.
"She's a Windup" was also released as a single in the UK in September 1977. Written by all the band members, and produced by Nick Lowe, the song was Dr. Feelgood's second hit single. The B-side of the record, "Hi-Rise", was penned solely by Gypie Mayo.
It reached number 34 in the UK Singles Chart, and spent five weeks in the listing. A 12" single (12 UP 36304), issued at the same time as the 7" single, had an additional track on the B-side, a live version of "Homework". The cover shown is the original 12", with a "rubber stamp" logo in the corner. The 7" was released in a plain sleeve.
On 20 September 1977 Dr. Feelgood recorded for the Peel Sessions on BBC Radio 1. Their set list included "She's A Wind Up", along with "You Upset Me Baby", "Baby Jane" and "99.5". A version of "She's A Wind Up" was also included in Dr. Feelgood's 1979 live album, "As It Happens", and on a number of their compilation albums, such as "Singles - The UA Years".

</doc>
<doc id="20013298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013298" title="Cardijn College">
Cardijn College

Cardijn College is a Catholic secondary co-educational school located in the Southern Vales area 25 kilometres south of the Adelaide city centre in South Australia. Established in 1984, it is a diocesan school with a student population (in 2012) of 880.
Title.
The College derives its name from Belgian Priest and Cardinal Joseph Cardijn, known for his work founding the Young Christian Workers organisation. Cardijn's decision to spend his life bringing Christianity back to the working class (through imprisonment for his activities, to the opposition of the movement from the Church itself), was an inspiration to many, and was considered a worthy title for the College.
Campus.
The College is surrounded by residential land and retail facilities, and is central to most transport and recreation facilities.
Houses.
Cardijn has seven houses with homegroups consisting of multi-gender same year students. For example, there are Year 8s in one homeroom, Year 9s in another, etc.
There are 5 homerooms per house.
Upon commencement at the college, each student is assigned to one of the seven houses:
Curriculum.
South Australian Certificate of Education.
The South Australian Certificate of Education (SACE) is the diploma given to students who have completed Years 11 and 12 of their secondary schooling in the State of South Australia. It is administered by the SACE Board of South Australia (formerly known as the Senior Secondary Assessment Board of South Australia or SSABSA). The SACE is usually completed over two years.
Vocational Education and Training.
Cardijn College includes a range of vocational education pathways for students interested in this area. In 2011 over 42 students accessed a range of training courses offered through the TAFE SA, Australian Tourism Centre and Quality Automotive Training. Specific training included Animal Studies, Make-Up Services, Hairdressing, Kitchen Operations, Game Art, Photography, Graphic Design, Aged Care Nursing, Vehicle Servicing, Construction, Police Studies and Electrotechnology. 26 students were involved in school based new apprenticeships in Retail, Heavy Vehicle Servicing and Automotive Sales.
Marist Centre.
The College has a special unit for students with intellectual disabilities. Students ranging from Year 8 to 12 have access to the centre, and have their program integrated with mainstream classes. In addition, the College has a Learning Centre which accommodates students with specific disabilities, learning disabilities and students who have been identified needing assistance academically. 
Other Endeavours.
All Year 10 students are involved in Australian Business Week (ABW) which is an intense one week enterprise education program giving participants an excellent view of the life of a business. 
Year 11 students are involved in a one week Work Experience Program which is supported by a range of work related study programs to best prepare students for this experience.
College life and community.
The school, although segregated into mixed age houses, has two distinct age brackets: the Middle School and the Senior School.
Middle School.
An audit completed by Principal, Paul Rijken, and senior staff, saw the creation and implementation of a Middle School strategy aimed at development of curriculum, pastoral care and achievement targets for students within the age bracket of 13–15 years old (Year 8 to 9). The overall intention of the revision was to create a system for students to migrate from the higher grades of primary school into the younger grades of high school with ease, to provide support to the students through this transition with a greater emphasis on curriculum integration.
Senior School.
The Senior School is composed of students roughly 15–18 years of age. These students participate in the South Australian Certificate of Education, within the Australian Qualifications Framework. The College allows more flexible study timetables and work allotments for these students, allowing them to liaise with teachers on curriculum, study hours and school contact hours (including after hours on-campus) to allow for the higher study load.
College Board.
The Cardijn College Board has the responsibility of providing guidance to the Principal in governance and leadership of the school. The Board's responsibilities include strategic policy, direction and planning, financial management, community pastoral care, school resources, school maintenance and futures planning.

</doc>
<doc id="20013299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013299" title="Tikveš Hydroelectric Power Station">
Tikveš Hydroelectric Power Station

Tikveš Hydro Power Plant is a large power plant in Macedonia that has two turbines with a nominal capacity of 46 MW each having a total capacity of 92 MW.

</doc>
<doc id="20013303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013303" title="Avtandil Makharadze">
Avtandil Makharadze

He was born in Batumi. Active since the 1970s, Makharadze played Joseph Stalin in the 2005 BBC TV series "Archangel" in which he starred opposite Daniel Craig.

</doc>
<doc id="20013309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013309" title="Mikhail Rushchinsky">
Mikhail Rushchinsky

Mikhail Osipovich Rushchinsky () (born 17 January 1895 in Moscow; died 22 March 1942 in Moscow) was a Soviet football player and manager.
International career.
Rushchinsky made his debut for USSR on 16 November 1924 in a friendly against Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="20013310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013310" title="Reski">
Reski

Reski is a surname that may refer to any of the following people:

</doc>
<doc id="20013316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013316" title="Samtskhe-Javakheti Hydro Power Plant">
Samtskhe-Javakheti Hydro Power Plant

Samtskhe-Javakheti Hydro Power Plant will be a large power plant in Georgia two has two turbines with a nominal capacity of 35 MW each having a total capacity of 70 MW.

</doc>
<doc id="20013338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013338" title="Wallace Benn">
Wallace Benn

Wallace Parke Benn (born 6 August 1947) is a retired English Anglican bishop. He was the suffragan Bishop of Lewes in the Diocese of Chichester in the Church of England from 1997 until his retirement in October 2012.
Biography.
Benn was educated at St Andrew's College and University College, Dublin. After studying at Trinity College, Bristol he was ordained in 1973. His ordained ministry began with curacies at St Mark's New Ferry, Wirral and St Mary's Cheadle, after which he was Vicar of St James the Great, Audley, Staffordshire and finally (before his consecration to the episcopate) St Peter's Harold Wood. In 2002, Benn appeared on the popular BBC television motoring series "Top Gear", placing third in the first "Fastest Faith" competition. He is married with two children and a grandchild.
Benn has written two books and numerous pamphlets, including "The Last Word: Jesus' Teaching in The Upper Room" and "Jesus Our Joy: Learning about True Spirituality".
Benn had indicated his intention to retire as Bishop of Lewes in August 2012, but did not do so. On 18 October 2012, however, it was announced by Martin Warner, the then Bishop-designate of Chichester, that Benn would retire on 31 October 2012, which he has done.
Churchmanship.
Benn is a council member of Reform, a conservative evangelical grouping in the Church of England opposed to women priests and to the consecration of women as bishops. He attended GAFCON meeting, held in Jerusalem, in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20013343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013343" title="Molise regional election, 2000">
Molise regional election, 2000

The Molise regional election of 2000 took place on 16 April 2000.
Giovanni Di Stasi (Democrats of the Left) was narrowly elected President, defeating Michele Iorio (Forza Italia). Due to irregularities in the vote, an early election was held a year later, on 11 November 2001.
Results.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="20013359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013359" title="Jim Drake">
Jim Drake

James or Jim Drake may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20013362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013362" title="Zhoneti Hydro Power Plant">
Zhoneti Hydro Power Plant

Zhoneti Hydro Power Plant will be a large power plant in Georgia two has two turbines with a nominal capacity of 55 MW each having a total capacity of 110 MW.

</doc>
<doc id="20013370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013370" title="Tvishi Hydro Power Plant">
Tvishi Hydro Power Plant

Tvishi Hydro Power Plant will be a large power plant in Georgia two has two turbines with a nominal capacity of 55 MW each having a total capacity of 110 MW.

</doc>
<doc id="20013383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013383" title="Namakhvani Hydro Power Plant">
Namakhvani Hydro Power Plant

Namakhvani Hydro Power Plant will be a large power plant in Georgia has five turbines with a nominal capacity of 50 MW each having a total capacity of 250 MW.

</doc>
<doc id="20013392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013392" title="Ladzhanuri Hydro Power Plant">
Ladzhanuri Hydro Power Plant

Ladzhanuri Hydro Power Plant or Lajanuri Hydro Power Plant is a large power plant in Georgia with four turbines, each with a nominal capacity of 29 MW, with a total capacity of 116 MW.

</doc>
<doc id="20013396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013396" title="Vladimir Ryzhkin">
Vladimir Ryzhkin

Vladimir Alekseyevich Ryzhkin () (December 29, 1930 – May 19, 2011) was a Soviet football player. He was born in Moscow.
International career.
Ryzhkin made his debut for USSR on October 21, 1956 in a friendly against France.

</doc>
<doc id="20013398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013398" title="Firefighter (disambiguation)">
Firefighter (disambiguation)

Firefighter or fire fighter is a profession.
Firefighter, firefighters, fire fighter, or fire fighters may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20013399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013399" title="Voice (Mika Nakashima album)">
Voice (Mika Nakashima album)

Voice is the ninth album (sixth studio album) by Mika Nakashima, released on November 26, 2008. It contains all of her singles from "Life" up to "Orion". The album had two releases: a CD-only and CD+DVD format. The CD+DVD version comes in a deluxe box.
"Voice", on its release, provided Nakashima with her first #1 album on the Oricon 200 Album Chart since "Best" in 2005. It has been certified Platinum by RIAJ for shipment of 250,000 copies in Japan, and has amassed sales of over 450,000 copies since its release in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20013406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013406" title="Facundo Pieres">
Facundo Pieres

Facundo Pieres born May 19, 1986 in Buenos Aires, Buenos Aires Province is a professional Argentine polo player with a 10-goal handicap. Currently, he is ranked number 1.
Biography.
Facundo was born into a family of polo players and is the second son of polo legend Gonzalo Pieres Sn and Cecilia Rodríguez Piola. His siblings are Gonzalo Pieres, also a professional polo player, Tatiana Pieres, Nicolas Pieres and Cecilia Pieres.
His career started in 1997, when he won the Copa Potrillos with the Ellerstina Jr. team, which was a subsidiary team for the Ellerstina Club founded by his father and Australian media tycoon, Kerry Packer. Since then, he played in Argentina, United Kingdom and the United States. He has won the Hurlingham Open, Tortugas Open and Jockey Club Open (all in Argentina among other tournaments. In 2008, he won the Queen’s Cup (England), though he didn’t take part in the final match, because of an injury.
He started playing in the Campeonato Argentino Abierto de Polo (Argentine Open) in 2003 and made it into the finals twice (2005 and 2007) with Ellerstina. After losing these in extra-time only, and winning the Tortugas Open 2008, the Ellerstina team is considered a strong candidate for winning the Argentine Open this year, which it actually did after a rough match against La Dolfina (Adolfo Cambiaso (h) (10), Lucas Monteverde (10), Mariano Aguerre (10) and Bartolomé Castagnola (10)) in which La Ellerstina (Facundo Pieres (10), Gonzalo Pieres (10), Pablo Mac Donough (10) and Juan Martin Nero (9)) defeated La Dolfina 13-12 in extra-time. 
He was promoted to handicap 10 at age 19, replacing Adolfo Cambiaso as the youngest 10-goal poloplayer.

</doc>
<doc id="20013413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013413" title="Handsome (band)">
Handsome (band)

Handsome was an American rock supergroup formed in 1996. The group's lineup was singer Jeremy Chatelain, guitarists Peter Mengede (formerly of Helmet), Tom Capone (formerly of Quicksand), bassist Eddie Nappi, and drummer Pete Hines (formerly of Cro-Mags and Murphy's Law). Capone would leave the group in 1997, replaced by Donni Campion (formerly of Electric Love Hogs). They released one album, "Handsome" (1997), through Epic/Sony before disbanding in 1998.
History.
Formed by former Helmet guitarist Peter Mengede in 1996, Handsome's lineup included former Quicksand guitarist Tom Capone and former Cro-Mags and Murphy's Law drummer Pete Hines as well as bassist Eddie Nappi and Salt Lake City native Jeremy Chatelain. They began recording material with producer Terry Date with the album, titled "Handsome", released on February 4, 1997 through Epic/Sony. Peter Stepek, of Allmusic gave the album a positive review stating:
In support of the album, the group toured with Silverchair, Local H and Less Than Jake in the US, while they supported Wu-Tang Clan and Voodoo Glow Skulls in Europe. Prior to the group's final tour, guitarist Capone left the group and was replaced by former Electric Love Hogs guitarist Donni Campion. Following the completion of their tour, Handsome disbanded in 1998.
Post-breakup.
Following his departure from the group, Capone worked on numerous projects before forming his own, Adharma, in 2000, while singer Chatelain joined Blake Schwarzenbach's group Jets to Brazil before going on to join Helmet. Bassist Eddie Nappi went on to join the Mark Lanegan Band while he also worked with Queens of the Stone Age and former A Perfect Circle guitarist Troy Van Leeuwen in Enemy and is also a member of Van Leeuwen's latest group Sweethead.

</doc>
<doc id="20013414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013414" title="Vardnili Hydroelectric Power Station">
Vardnili Hydroelectric Power Station

Vardnili Hydro Power Plant is a large power plant in Georgia that has 3 turbines with a nominal capacity of 73 MW each having a total capacity of 220 MW.

</doc>
<doc id="20013415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013415" title="The State of Massachusetts">
The State of Massachusetts

"The State of Massachusetts" is a song about the effects of drugs on individuals and their families by the Dropkick Murphys and was released as the first single from the album "The Meanest of Times".
"The State of Massachusetts" was one of the 100-most-played songs on U.S. modern rock radio in October 2007. By January 2008, the song had become one of the 60-most-played alternative rock songs in the United States. The song was #83 on "Rolling Stone"'s list of the 100 Best Songs of 2007. It is the theme song to the MTV show "Nitro Circus".
In 2013, six years after its release, the song made its first chart appareance on a "Billboard" chart when it peaked at number 4 on the "Billboard" Rock Songs chart following the Boston Marathon bombings.
The music video was filmed on location in the unused and abandoned Curley Auditorium on the Long Island Health Campus in Boston Harbor. The auditorium is located right next to one of the City of Boston's largest emergency homeless shelters, the Long Island Shelter.

</doc>
<doc id="20013431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013431" title="Yaman (raga)">
Yaman (raga)

Yaman (also known as Emaan in West Asia and 'Kalyani' in Carnatic classical music) is a heptatonic (Sampurna) Hindustani Classical raga of Kalyan Thaat.
Description.
Yaman emerges from Kalyan Thaat.
Mechanics.
Yaman's Jati is a Shadav-Sampurna, where Aaroha omits Sa and Avroha includes all the seven swaras. All the swaras in the raga are Shuddha, the exception being Teevra Madhyam(Ma)
Samay (time).
Yaman is traditionally sung any time of the day. particularly at evening of the day
In context.
Yaman is supposed to be one of the most fundamental ragas in Hindustani Classical Music. It is usually one of the first ragas taught to the serious classical music student.

</doc>
<doc id="20013451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013451" title="Mahon Bridge">
Mahon Bridge

Mahon Bridge (), also spelled Mahonbridge, is a village in the parish of Kilrossanty in mid County Waterford, Ireland, located on the main Carrick on Suir to Dungarvan road. The nearest town is Kilmacthomas.
The village has a local shop, a garage and crash repair yard, and a historic creamery which is no longer in use. The rural shop is attached to a house and requires doorbell use for entry outside peak trading hours. 
Mahon Bridge is named for the picturesque bridge which crosses the River Mahon at this point, the river running from the Mahon Falls in the Comeragh Mountains to the sea at Bunmahon. Mahon Bridge is well known to walkers and hill climbers who use the village as a jumping-off point for visits to the Falls.
In 2009 a hydroelectric power station was complete just upriver from Mahon Bridge. The station is privately owned and is fed from two wiers, one on the Mahon and the other on the Mahon Og, about 2 km upstream of the village. The scheme generates a maximum of 850 kW of electricity to add to the national grid. The turbine house is of a very inconspicuous and low profile design being mostly located below ground level and not visible from the nearby road. This was necessary due to the region possessing outstanding scenery. It was originally conceived and run by Sean Murphy, a local historian and actor who features in the locally produced comedy series, Bachelors in Trouble.
The turbine house is located very close to a large ruined mill which was built in the famine years 1845–1848 but it saw little use as a corn mill before being sold. At some stage in the mid 20th century part of it was demolished by waterford Co. Council and the stone used for road building, a fact which is now greatly resented by residents of the area.
Stage 2 of the 1998 Tour de France passed through Mahon Bridge.
The village is laid out around a triangular field, from which roads lead to Kilrossanty, Fews, Furraleigh, Briska and Lyre (home of the infamous "Bachelors in Trouble" produced by local historian Sean Murphy).

</doc>
<doc id="20013458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013458" title="Khudoni Hydro Power Plant">
Khudoni Hydro Power Plant

Khudoni Hydro Power Plant (, "khudonis hidroelektrosadguri is a projected power plant on Inguri River, in Samegrelo-Zemo Svaneti, Georgia that has 3 turbines with a nominal capacity of 233.3 MW each having a total capacity of 700 MW. The power plant is associated with a planned tall concrete double-arch-gravity dam.
The construction of the Khudoni Hydro Power Plant started in 1979 and was stopped after the protests over environmental concern in June 1989. In 2005-2006, the Georgian government started to seek investments to continue the Khudoni project. According to the Georgian government-commissioned and the World Bank-supported study the construction of Namakhvani, Paravani and Khudoni hydro power plants are the most attractive scenarios for the development of Georgia's energy sector.
Environmentalists remain skeptical about the Khudoni HPP project. The construction will also cause flooding of the highland village of Khaishi, requiring the resettlement of local population. The World Bank considers the impact of the dam construction on microclimate to be of "very localized nature". 

</doc>
<doc id="20013468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013468" title="Frank Gerster">
Frank Gerster

Frank Gerster (born 15 April 1976) is a German former footballer who played as a midfielder. Now retired, he is currently assistant manager of Borussia Dortmund II.
Career.
Gerster played youth football in Bavaria, playing for his hometown club FC Kempten and later FC Augsburg, before joining Bayern Munich in 1994. He progressed through Bayern's reserve team, and was promoted to the first team in 1996, making his Bundesliga in March 1997 as a substitute for Marcel Witeczek in a 2–0 defeat to Arminia Bielefeld. He made a further eight appearances for Bayern - all as a substitute - seven came in the League and one against IFK Göteborg in the group stage of the 1997–98 UEFA Champions League. During his time at Bayern, Gerster won a League title and a Cup and also represented Germany, being named in the squad for the 1995 FIFA World Youth Championship in Qatar, and making fourteen appearances for the Germany under-21 team.
In 1998, Gerster left Bayern to sign for Eintracht Frankfurt, where he had a hugely unsuccessful three years, making only one first-team appearance, in a 4–1 defeat to 1860 Munich. After leaving Frankfurt, Gerster embarked on a journeyman career, playing for various Regionalliga clubs before retiring in 2009 after a year with Chemnitzer FC. A year later, he was appointed as assistant manager of Borussia Dortmund's reserve team, assisting David Wagner.

</doc>
<doc id="20013480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013480" title="Platinum Classic">
Platinum Classic

The Platinum Classic is a golf tournament on the Sunshine Tour. It was founded in 1995, and is played at the nine hole Mooinooi Golf Club, North West Province, South Africa, although the first event had to be moved to Rustenburg when the greens at Mooinooi were vandalised.
The tournament was traditionally held in October but was moved to March in 2012 and September in 2013. The prize fund is R500,000.

</doc>
<doc id="20013487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013487" title="Shelsleys">
Shelsleys

The Shelsleys is a civil parish in the Malvern Hills District in the county of Worcestershire, England. The Shelsleys are near the village of Clifton-upon-Teme the Teme Vally, and they encompass the three hamlets Shelsley Beauchamp, Shelsley Kings and Shelsley Walsh.
Shelsley means "clearing on a slope" from Old English scelf " (of land)" and leāh "wood, clearing". The name was recorded as "Scillislege" in 948.
Both Shelsley Kings and Shelsley Walsh were in the upper division of Doddingtree Hundred but Shelsley Beauchamp was in the lower division. 
Following the Poor Law Amendment Act 1834 the Shelsleys Parish ceased to be responsible for maintaining the poor in its parish. This responsibility was transferred to Martley Poor Law Union. 
Charles Nott, the Parson of Shelsley was a leader of the Clubmen who drew up the Woodbury Declaration, which listed the greviences that local people had at the behaviour of Royalist forces in the area. Shelsley Walsh is widely known among motorsport enthusiasts because of its association with the Shelsley Walsh Speed Hill Climb, which has been run since 1905.
References.
www.temetriangle.net - news and information for The Shelseys, Clifton upon Teme and Lower Sapey

</doc>
<doc id="20013491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013491" title="Molise regional election, 2001">
Molise regional election, 2001

The Molise regional election of 2001 took place on 11 November 2001. It was an early election as the 2000 regional election was invalidated due to irregularities in the vote.
The election consisted in a re-proposition of the 2000 race, but this time Michele Iorio (Forza Italia) defeated incumbent Giovanni Di Stasi (Democrats of the Left) by a landslide.
Results.
Source: Ministry of the Interior

</doc>
<doc id="20013503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013503" title="Nuffield Mechanizations and Aero">
Nuffield Mechanizations and Aero

Nuffield Mechanizations and Aero Limited, also known as Mechanizations and Aero Ltd and Nuffield Mechanizations Ltd was Lord Nuffield's (W R Morris's) personal enterprise developing improved methods for mechanisation and mobility of the British Army and the ground section of The Royal Air Force.
Origin.
Nuffield Mechanizations Limited was incorporated in the mid-1930s, probably as Wolseley Aero Engines Limited. Wolseley had begun aero engine development in 1929 but when Wolseley Motors became a subsidiary of Morris Motors Limited on 1 July 1935 it had been decided to keep aero engine development quite separate. So this business remained Lord Nuffield's personal property and did not become part of the Morris Motors group. 
Mending defence.
In 1935 at the personal request of the Prime Minister, Stanley Baldwin, Lord Nuffield took on the job of bringing up-to-date the mechanization of the Army and the ground section of the Air Force. The result was that the Wolseley Aero Engine plant would manufacture tank engines and that research units were established there to work on new ideas to improve the mechanization and mobility of the Army. 
Aero engines.
Development and production of Wolseley aero engines was stopped in September 1936. They were developing an advanced "Wolseley" radial aero engine of about 250 horsepower but the project was abandoned in September 1936 when Lord Nuffield got from the Air Ministry the fixed price I.T.P. (Intention to Proceed) contract papers which he believed would have required "an army of chartered accountants". Lord Nuffield decided he would deal only with the War Office and Admiralty and not the Air Ministry (see Airspeed).
Tanks.
During World War II Nuffield Mechanizations was engaged in military production. Among their activities was production of the Liberty L-12 engine for use in British tanks of the period. In 1939 one of their subsidiaries was given the opportunity to take part in production of the Covenanter tank then being designed but opted to develop their own version of the design which became the Crusader tank. Nuffield Mechanizations followed this with the Cavalier tank which used the Liberty engine as well. Though the tank was put into production the power of the Liberty engine was limited and because of the increase in tank weight the Cavalier was not used in combat. The last tank the Liberty engine was produced for was the A27L Centaur tank, effectively an underpowered Cromwell tank.
Bofors guns.
During World War II the Gosford Street, Coventry, plant was to provide over half the UK output of Bofors anti-aircraft guns.
Locations.
Nuffield Mechanizations' plants were in Drews Lane, Ward End, Birmingham and Gosford Street Coventry. 

</doc>
<doc id="20013513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013513" title="Sergei Salnikov">
Sergei Salnikov

Sergei Sergeyevich Salnikov () (born September 13, 1925 in Krasnodar; died May 9, 1984 in Moscow) was a Soviet Olympian, football player and manager.
International career.
Salnikov made his debut for USSR on September 8, 1954 in a friendly against Sweden. He played at the 1956 Summer Olympics as well as the 1958 FIFA World Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20013514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013514" title="Herbert Jones (bishop of Lewes)">
Herbert Jones (bishop of Lewes)

Herbert Edward Jones (1861–1920) was an English clergyman, the second Suffragan Bishop of Lewes and Archdeacon of Chichester.
The second son of Sir Willoughby Jones, 3rd Baronet, he was educated at Eton College and Trinity College, Cambridge, ordained in 1884 and began his career with a curacy at St Andrews, Westminster. He was then successively the incumbent at Knebworth, Petworth and Hitchin before ascending being appointed Archdeacon of Chichester and ordinated as Suffragan Bishop of Lewes in 1914, posts he held until his death.

</doc>
<doc id="20013531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013531" title="Khrami Hydroelectric Power Station">
Khrami Hydroelectric Power Station

Khrami Hydro Power Plant I and II is a large power plant in Georgia that has 4 turbines with a nominal capacity of 55 MW each having a total capacity of 220 MW.

</doc>
<doc id="20013547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013547" title="Outside Your Door">
Outside Your Door

Outside Your Door (Swedish: ) is a Swedish independent film directed by Martin Söder, which tells the story of a young man living with Tourette syndrome without knowing it. It was released in 2002 by the production company Desperado, and won the 2003 CineStar-Youth Film Prize.

</doc>
<doc id="20013571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013571" title="Bibliotheca Thysiana">
Bibliotheca Thysiana

The Bibliotheca Thysiana was erected in 1655 to house the book collection of the lawyer Johannes Thysius (1621–1653). Upon his early death, he left a legacy of 20,000 guilders for the building of a public library ("tot publycque dienst der studie") with a custodian's dwelling. Designed by the architect Arent van ‘s-Gravensande, the building follows the Dutch Classical style and is regarded as one of the jewels of Dutch 17th-century architecture. Bibliotheca Thysiana is one of the Top 100 Dutch heritage sites. It is distinguished by its balanced proportions and the purity of its Ionic order on top of a high basement.
The "Bibliotheca Thysiana" is the only surviving 17th century example in the Netherlands of a building that was designed as a public library. It is quite extraordinary that a complete private 17th century library has been preserved and thus offers a good impression of the book collection of a young, learned bibliophile from the period of late Humanism. The collection contains about 2,500 books and thousands of pamphlets in all scientific fields.

</doc>
<doc id="20013594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013594" title="Billy Wooldridge">
Billy Wooldridge

William Thomas "Billy" Wooldridge (19 August 1878 – 1945) was an English footballer who spent nearly his entire career with Wolverhampton Wanderers.
Career.
Wooldridge played for Wednesbury Old Athletic during its successful 1899–1900 campaign, and was a key member of the side that won the Walsall & District League championship, the Staffordshire Junior Cup and the Walsall Junior Cup, as well as being beaten finalists in the Wolverhampton Junior Cup. He scored both goals in the Walsall Cup success v Wednesbury St John's, and scored the decisive second goal in a 2-– victory over Hednesford Swifts on the last day of the season, which enabled Wednesbury to take the title, finishing a point ahead of Hednesford Town. He joined Wolverhampton Wanderers in the summer of 1900, making his first team debut on Boxing Day 1900 in a 1–1 draw with Sheffield Wednesday. He scored two in his second game to give the club victory over their Black Country rivals West Bromwich Albion, and ended the season their top goalscorer (with 9).
He was Wolves' leading goalscorer five times in his first six seasons at Molineux, scoring a total of 90 goals in 356 appearances during his career. He also scored a hat-trick for the Football League in a 9–0 win over the Irish League in an inter-league friendly in November 1901 and four in an unofficial international against Germany on 25 September 1901.
He captained Wolves to their 1908 FA Cup triumph, when they upset First Division Newcastle United 3–1 in the final. He played out his latter seasons in defence before retiring in 1911.
He died in 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="20013607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013607" title="Convoy ON 207">
Convoy ON 207

ON 207 was a North Atlantic convoy of the ONS/ON series which ran during the battle of the Atlantic in World War II.
It was the subject of a major U-boat attack in October 1943, the fourth battle in the German Navy’s ("Kriegsmarine" KM’s) autumn offensive.
Background.
Still believing their new weapons and tactics gave them an advantage, despite the losses suffered by wolfpack "Schlieffen" and unaware of the poor results achieved during its attack on convoys ONS 20 and ON 206,
BdU("Befehlshaber der Unterseeboote", Commander of the Submarines) re-organized the boats then in the North Atlantic into patrol line "Siegfried" to continue the offensive. The next convoy subjected to an attack was ON 207.
Protagonists.
ON 207 departed Liverpool on 18 October 1943, bound for New York.
Composed of 52 ships it was escorted by Canadian escort group C-1, which comprised 3 destroyers; "Forester" (Cdr JA Burnett as Senior Officer Escort), "St Laurent" and "Assiniboine", frigate "Ettrick" and 3 corvettes; "Agassiz", "Galt" and "Celandine". The escort was augmented by the escort carrier "Biter", with 3 sloops ("Crane", "Pheasant" and "Chanticleer") as escort, 
and the MAC carrier "Amastra", though she had to return to base early in the voyage with storm damage.
BdU had established the patrol line "Seigfried" of 18 boats.
It consisted of 7 boats from the disbanded group "Schlieffen", plus 11 others from bases in France and Germany. All the reinforcements were commanded by new skippers; 6 from Norway were also new boats, while the 5 from France were experienced boats with new commanders. 
The "Siegfried" boats had fuel problems, so a re-fueling group was established north of the Azores, of 3 U-tankers and a flak boat as escort.
When Allied intelligence learned of the position of "Seigfried", it was decided to force an engagement with the wolfpack; several HX and SC convoys in the area were diverted away, whilst ON 207 was left to continue on course, as a bait convoy for the U-boats. ON 207 was massively reinforced by two support groups, 2nd EG commanded by Capt FJ Walker, and B-7 EG, commanded by Cdr P Gretton, which detached from a successful trip with ON 206.
2 EG comprised 4 sloops ("Starling", "Magpie", "Wild Goose" and "Woodcock") and
was accompanied by the escort carrier "Tracker". (Two of 2EG's sloops were absent at the time). 
B 7 group at this point comprised 2 destroyers ("Duncan" and "Vidette"), and 2 corvettes ("Loosestrife" and "Sunflower"). B-7 also had 2 corvettes detached.
The Action.
On 23 October 1943 "U-274" was sighted by an air patrol, a Liberator of 224 squadron RAF, attempting to make contact with the convoy. The Liberator attacked, and was joined by escorts "Vidette" and "Duncan" of B-7. They also attacked with depth charges, and "U-274" was destroyed with all hands.
On 26th "U-91" was attacked by a Liberator of 10 sqdn RCAF, but she escaped with little damage. Later in the day, another Liberator of 10 sqdn attacked and destroyed "U-420".
On 29th B 7 detached to join ON 208, which was following several days behind; the group found "U-282" shadowing the convoy. "Duncan", "Vidette" and "Sunflower" attacked with depth charge and Hedgehog, and "U-282" was destroyed with all hands.
During the time ON 207 was in "Siegfried"s patrol area, none of its boats were able to launch an attack, and none of ON 207s ships were harmed by enemy action.
While this action was taking place, "Seigfried"’s refuelling group was also under attack, from two USN Hunter-killer groups centred on the escort carriers "Block Island" and "Card".
On the night of 25/26 October they attacked the U-tanker "U-488", though she escaped with no damage; on 28th they attacked two U-boats, "U-220", which was destroyed, and "U-256" which was damaged and forced to return to base.
On 31st two more boats were attacked, "U-91" which escaped again, and "U-584", which was destroyed. Later that day destroyer "Borie" destroyed "U-405" in a 72 minute duel, that also saw "Borie" fatally damaged, sinking later that day.
ON 207 continued to its destination, arriving at New York on 4 November 1943.
Conclusion.
With 3 U-boats destroyed for no ships lost ON 207 was undoubtedly an Allied victory; but if Admiralty was hoping to inflict a crushing blow to UbW by wiping out an entire wolf pack, this success eluded them.
Most of the U-boats were unable to make contact, and those that did were unable to shadow effectively in order to bring the pack together. Possibly the escorts were unfamiliar with their role as bait, and were too efficient at keeping the pack away from the convoy.
Following ON 207 BdU re-configured "Siegfried" to form 3 sub-groups to cover a wider area, but this failed to produce results. Also BdU was realizing that the new weapons and tactics underpinning the Autumn offensive were not being successful; and following the attack on ON 207 no further North Atlantic convoys were seriously harmed.
Table.
U-boats destroyed

</doc>
<doc id="20013611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013611" title="John Cuckney, Baron Cuckney">
John Cuckney, Baron Cuckney

John Graham Cuckney, Baron Cuckney (12 July 1925 – 30 October 2008) was a British industrialist, civil servant and peer.
Early life and career.
Born in India to Air Vice-Marshal E. J. Cuckney and his wife Lilian, Cuckney was educated at Shrewsbury School. He read medicine at the University of St Andrews, returning after service with the Royal Northumberland Fusiliers and the King's African Rifles during World War II to study history and economics. He was recruited by MI5, with whom he served until 1959. Cuckney's time in MI5 featured in Peter Wright's book "Spycatcher", where Wright described him as "a tough, no-nonsense" officer.
Business and public service.
After leaving MI5, he worked in the City at stockbroking firm Standard Industrial Group, before joining merchant bank Lazards, where he became the first director to resign in over 100 years. He then established Anglo-Eastern Bank with Sir David Alliance, specialising in trade finance between Britain and the Middle East.
Cuckney was appointed chairman of the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board in 1970, which he restructured and restored to viability following the possibility of insolvency. He left in 1972 to become the first chief executive of the Property Services Agency, set up to manage the government's property estate. In 1974 he moved to the Crown Agents, which was in financial difficulty following the secondary banking crisis of 1973–1975. He joined as chairman and separated out the military sales arm as International Military Services (a Ministry of Defence company), which he also became chairman of and served until 1985. He left the Crown Agents in 1978, and briefly joined the Port of London Authority before being knighted.
He subsequently became director and/or chairman of various companies, including travel company Thomas Cook, Midland Bank, tea company Brooke Bond, engineering firm John Brown, helicopter manufacturer Westland, Royal Insurance, Investors in Industry (later 3i), pharmaceutical company Glaxo, and Orion Publishing Group.
Westland affair and Maxwell scandal.
Cuckney had gained a reputation as a "the company doctor who never lost a patient" following his involvement with the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board, Crown Agents, and John Brown. His appointment in 1985 as chairman of Westland, when the company was facing bankruptcy, saw him become involved in the 1985–1986 Westland affair, a political scandal for Margaret Thatcher's Conservative Party government. Cuckney, with Thatcher, favoured a merger with the American company Sikorsky, while the Secretary of State for Defence Michael Heseltine favoured a European merger. The American option prevailed, and the affair lead to Heseltine's resignation.
In 1992 he was appointed as an advisor to Peter Lilley, Secretary of State for Social Security, following the death of Robert Maxwell and the discovery that he had stolen hundreds of millions of pounds from his companies' pension funds. He headed the Maxwell Pensioners' Trust and in 1995, brokered a £276 million out-of-court settlement, known as the Major Settlement, between the pension schemes and those institutions against which the schemes had potential legal claims.
He was created a life peer in 1995 as Baron Cuckney, of Millbank in the City of Westminster, sitting as a Conservative in the House of Lords.

</doc>
<doc id="20013632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013632" title="Ypsolopha sequella">
Ypsolopha sequella

Ypsolopha sequella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is found in Europe and Anatolia.
The wingspan is 18–20 mm. The moth flies from July to September depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Willow, Maple and Tilia.

</doc>
<doc id="20013638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013638" title="Blackgas">
Blackgas

"Warren Ellis' Blackgas" is a two volume comic book mini-series written by Warren Ellis, illustrated by Max Fiumara, and published by Avatar Press from 2006 to 2007.
The first volume deals with two lovers trapped on an island where a Black Gas has turned the residents into Zombielike monsters. The second volume deals with the effects of the Black Gas on the mainland. <br>
Publication history.
Each issue was published with one standard and three variant covers (Terror, Gore, and Wraparound). The first issue also received a "Blood Foil" variant cover that was initially only available at conventions but later sold through Avatar's website.
Plot.
Volume 1.
Tyler and his girlfriend Soo travel to Tyler's hometown, Smoky Island, to meet his parents. After arriving, Soo is told the enigmatic history of Smoky Island; it is considered to be a lost colony and the original inhabitants of the island were all wiped out by what historians speculate to be some sort of civil war, where many were dismembered and sexually violated. After a brief meeting with Tyler's parents, the young couple retreat into a cabin away from town that's located on the other side of the Island's mountainous bulge. Shortly after arriving at the cabin, an earthquake occurs that releases an ominous Black Gas away from the cabin and down on the town. Recalling some of the old legends of Smoky Island, Tyler arms himself and both he and Soo go to investigate what affect the gas has had on the island's inhabitants. As they make their way down the mountain, Soo and Tyler quickly discover that the people of the island are no longer human; they have become psychotic cannibalistic monsters with black ooze leaking out of their eye sockets. <br>
After battling their way through the woods and the town, Soo and Tyler arrive at his parent's place only to discover that every one on the island, including Tyler's mother and father, have been transformed. The duo battle their way through a mob of monsters and discover Doctor Menlove, a person they had met earlier in the story before the gas was released by the earthquake. The doctor's transformation has been delayed because he was high on marijuana when the Black Gas came; he explains that the chemicals make the mind and body change, creating an insatiable hunger and a primitive desire to eat and kill. He gives them the keys to his boat and then begs for death. As Tyler and Soo battle off a group of islanders, the doctor warns them that the toxin from the Black Gas is excreted from the tears and saliva of the infected. The couple makes a break for the boat but once they escape the island, Soo realises that Tyler has become infected and she has to kill him. The horror doesn't end there, Soo approaches the mainland (possibly somewhere in New England) only to see the city ablaze and in a state of anarchy. <br>
Volume 2.
Soo arrives in the city and sees it is just like the island. She encounters a pair of police officers, Johnny Rader and Wilmont, and explains to them what happened on Smoky Island and how the toxins are spread. Wilmont has been bitten and Soo quickly puts a bullet through his brain after a standoff between Wilmont and Rader. A helicopter flies overhead but rather than offer help it drops a bomb on the hospital where uninfected were taking refuge and then begins tailing Soo and Rader. The two are able to escape the chopper and take cover in an abandoned building. Rader uses his squad car radio to request an evacuation but a monster driving a car destroys the rescue helicopter and their squad car. Realizing the gravity of the situation, Rader decides that no one can be allowed to escape the area. He shoots Soo, whose mind has snapped from the horror, puts on riot armour, arms himself to the teeth, and goes on the offensive. Rader begins annihilating the monsters by blowing up gas stations and buildings, only to look up and see a stealth bomber drop a nuclear device on the city. The explosion creates a giant cloud of Black Gas that begins spreading over the entire planet. <br>
Zombies.
Throughout the series the characters frequently refer to the monsters as Zombies; however they do not fit the classical definitions of being reanimated corpses or will-less people controlled by another. The Black Gas transforms people and animals into aggressive murderous carnivores that seem indifferent to most injury, but they are definitely not mindless and in fact carry on conversations with their victims. The monsters are aware of their acts yet are unable to help themselves. In some cases they express regret at what they are doing yet are unable to stop, whereas others seem to show no remorse whatsoever. The infection is spread by the monsters through saliva and tears, so being bitten can transform a regular person into a monster.
The solicitations for the series also advertise it as a “full-color zombie epic!”
Ellis has said "The Warren Ellis zombie, in its early phase, is actually aware of what's happening to its brain and body. In its early phase, the 'Blackgas' zombie can actually talk." Although there are classic elements of the zombie genre (cannibalism and the bite spreading the infection) Ellis has concentrated on other aspects stating "the big thing is psychological: the black gas releases the worst things in our heads. They don't just eat people. They do utterly disgusting things. All that black stuff in the back of our brains that we never act on... That all comes out. They're out of control, but technically they're not mindless. They're just beyond reasoning with"
Collected editions.
A trade paperback collection of the series was published by Avatar Press in 2007 (ISBN 1592910459) as was a hardcover (ISBN 1592910467).

</doc>
<doc id="20013644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013644" title="AMS Flight">
AMS Flight

AMS flight is a glider, motorglider and ultralight aircraft manufacturer based in Begunje na Gorenjskem, Slovenia.
History.
In 1978 the first DG-100 ELAN, a single-seat sailplane, rolled through the production line, built by a team of Elan employees at the German company Glaser-Dirks in Bruchsal, Germany. Long term cooperation with Glaser Dirks and later on DG Flugzeugbau continued. In the ELAN factory at Begunje glider models DG-100 Elan, DG-300 Elan, DG-500 Elan and DG-1000 AMS were designed and manufactured.
The company named AMS – FLIGHT, d.o.o. was established in 1999 to continue the existing aircraft production and took over the entire ELAN FLIGHT Division of Elan, as of 1 September that year.
The company’s manufacturing facilities are located at Begunje (in the Elan plant), in the northwest part of Slovenia, close to the borders with Austria and Italy.
On 14 November 2001 AMS took over from Technoflug GmbH the production of the Carat motorglider. The Carat is a single-seat, powered glider with the engine in the nose. The Carat was designed in Germany for long range cruising flights and for soaring , as "two in one". The Carat has electro-hydraulic landing gear and a folding "beak" propeller.
The Magnus, a two-seat, side by side "Carat" is under development by AMS.
The AMS product range expanded with the acquisition of the Apis ULA / Sport Class motor-glider program of the Slovenian company Albastar, at 30 July 2003. Manufacturing of the Apis continued in AMS till the serial number 52. 
In 2005/06 AMS took over responsibility for the German-designed sailplane models, LS4 and LS6. These types and their planned developments replaced the manufacture of the DG-300 and DG-500, which was being run down.
In 2007 production of the Apis and Bee gliders was transferred to Pipistrel.
Aircraft produced.
To July 2008, Elan and AMS had built the following gliders and aircraft parts:
Production line.
AMS is the sole owner and manufacturer of the Carat. A family of light aircraft and motor gliders are under development with the names of Magnus, Mingus and Maxus. AMS is continuing to supply spare parts to the DG-300, DG-500 and Apis.

</doc>
<doc id="20013676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013676" title="Ypsolopha dentella">
Ypsolopha dentella

The Honeysuckle Moth ("Ypsolopha dentella") is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is found in Europe, Anatolia, north-eastern China, Russia and Mideast Asia. It is also present in North America, where it is known from the eastern United States and southern Canada.
The wingspan is 18–23 mm. The moth flies from June to September depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Honeysuckle, "Symphoricarpos albus" and "Weigela".

</doc>
<doc id="20013678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013678" title="Quality Label for Swiss Tourism">
Quality Label for Swiss Tourism

The Quality Label for Swiss Tourism is a certification for quality standards provided by the Swiss Tourism Federation. Founded in 1998 a total of 4034 establishments have already been awarded. There are three levels of the quality label. Its objective is to raise the awareness of quality in businesses, to foster collaboration between the various providers. The Quality Label gives the certainty that the company or the establishment have dedicated themselves to hospitality and specific quality standards. Any company in the service sector in Switzerland is able to be awarded with the Q-Label. Management and staff members of these Q-enterprises commit themselves to stick to the definitions of the requirements provided by the Swiss Tourism Federation for each of the three Q-Levels. These touristic enterprises allow themselves, in the context of the Quality Program, to be judged by customers and bring improvements if necessary. Currently awarded properties are hotels, restaurants, local public transport services, mountain railways and taxi companies.

</doc>
<doc id="20013680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013680" title="A Vision's Just a Vision">
A Vision's Just a Vision

"A Vision's Just a Vision" is the 97th episode of the ABC television series, "Desperate Housewives". It is the tenth episode of the show's fifth season and aired on December 7, 2008.
Plot.
The episode begins when Lynette prepares breakfast for her family, and Porter is arrested for arson soon after that. Mary Alice, as the narrator, says that it will take a few years for Lynette to see all of her family reunited for a meal. She and Tom hire Bob to represent Porter, who is asked by the lawyer where he was during the fire. Porter reveals that he was breaking into Edie Britt's house to steal a gun in order to threaten Warren Schilling, and that he has hidden the gun in the flour jar. Lynette is afraid that Edie might report the missing weapon, so she cleans the gun and drops by Edie's house to secretly return it into the dresser. Bob reveals that the Scavos need $20,000 to bail out Porter, Lynette secretly admits to Bob that she has given their savings to Anne Schilling to start a new life. Thus Bob suggests to sell off their restaurant. Meanwhile, Porter meets Warren after his bail and Warren threatens his safety, so Porter runs off hiding. Lynette and Tom notice Preston attended the trial in place of Porter, Lynette has no choice but to allow Preston to go through trial or risk their business.
Carlos starts to regain his sight after the surgery. Gabrielle throws Carlos a party when she confesses to her friends that she has sold an autographed baseball to a rich man that she promised Carlos not to sell regardless of their financial situation. Carlos then finds out that she has sold his autographed baseball to an Italian millionaire and isn't very happy, so Gabrielle has to dance to the rich man in order to get the ball back. Carlos later learns the extent of Gaby's sacrifices for their family when he sees she has very few clothes and jewellry left in their closet, as she has sold them all as well as many other possessions including an expensive painting as they had no money influx and two more mouths to feed. As a reward, he sells off the baseball to buy an expensive dress for her.
After Bree discovers Andrew is dating Orson's doctor Alex, she wants to prove to Andrew that she has accepted him for who he is, although Andrew told her that she had never been interested in his love life. When Bree has Andrew's fiance, Alex, are over for dinner, she finds out from Bob and Lee that he was in a gay porn movie. Bree is worried and tells Andrew but he already knew Alex did it only once to earn money for the University. Andrew and Bree have a talk about this and he tells her that protecting him was the nicest thing that she has ever done. Andrew also tells everyone he is getting married to his partner.
M.J. Delfino goes to the Zoo with Mike and Katherine, but they return early because M.J. throws his ice cream at Katherine's head. Edie tells Susan that it's because he notices her feeling about the relationship, so she joins a bowling game to show M.J. there's nothing wrong with that. When M.J. sees Mike holding Susan's hands then leaving her when Kathrine calls for him, M.J. attacks Katherine again by dropping a bowling ball on her foot. Back at home, M.J. tells his parents that he is convinced that they will reconcile. Susan tells Mike she once said to M.J. that they were going to be back again because they never told each other that everything was over. Mike leaves after a couple of seconds without saying anything.
Meanwhile, Dave starts to lose his grip. When Edie is talking to him about Porter's arrest, Dave sees deceased Lila Dash and her daughter Paige Dash standing in front of him. The image of Lila and Paige returns when Lynette comes to borrow clothes from Edie, when Dave tells them that he still loves them and asks them to leave, while Lynette overhears him. In the end, Dave vows in front of Lila and Paige Dash's tombstone to make Mike pay for what he did by making him lose what Dave had, he also says that he will "be with them soon."

</doc>
<doc id="20013694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013694" title="Yuri Sedov">
Yuri Sedov

Yuri Sergeyevich Sedov () (born March 4, 1929 in Moscow; died April 4, 1995 in Moscow) was a Soviet football player and manager.
International career.
Sedov made his debut for USSR on September 8, 1954 in a friendly against Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="20013721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013721" title="Noida Tower">
Noida Tower

Noida Tower is a skyscraper proposed for construction in the Indian city of Noida, south-east of the capital city, New Delhi. If built, it would be the tallest building in India, at 710 metres with 135 stories.
Project got cancelled.

</doc>
<doc id="20013742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013742" title="Lisa Tyrrell">
Lisa Tyrrell

Lisa Jane Tyrrell (born 7 June 1967 in Salford) is an English operatic soprano.
She studied at Chetham's School of Music in Manchester and the Guildhall School of Music and Drama in London and made her operatic debut in 1990 singing Pamina in "The Magic Flute" for English Touring Opera. She subsequently debuted at Glyndebourne Festival Opera in "Death in Venice" and the Royal Opera, London in "The Marriage of Figaro". Her debut at the Welsh National Opera came in June 1996 when she created the role of The Child in the world premiere of Peter Maxwell Davies' opera, "The Doctor of Myddfai." She went on to perform in the world premieres of two other works by Maxwell-Davies: 
Amongst the other premieres in which she has sung are the title role in the London premiere of Michael Berkeley's "Jane Eyre" (Linbury Studio, Royal Opera House, November 2000) and the role of Madame Vitalie Rimbaud in the world premiere of "Rimbaud, la parole libérée" by Marco-Antonio Perez-Ramirez. (Opéra National de Montpellier, 29 March 2007).

</doc>
<doc id="20013748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013748" title="Ypsolopha asperella">
Ypsolopha asperella

Ypsolopha asperella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is found in Northern and Central Europe, Siberia, Korea, China, Asia Minor and Mideast Asia.
The wingspan is 20–21 mm.
The larvae feed on Apple, "Crataegus", "Cerasus", "Pyrus", "Armeniaca", "Persica" and "Prunus" species (including "Prunus sargentii").

</doc>
<doc id="20013750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013750" title="Sicilian regional election, 2001">
Sicilian regional election, 2001

The Sicilian regional election of 2001 was held on 24 June 2001. For the first time the president of Region was elected directly by the citizens.
The election was competed by three competitors: Salvatore Cuffaro, House of Freedoms candidate; Leoluca Orlando, candidate of The Olive Tree; and Sergio D'Antoni, leader of European Democracy. Cuffaro won by a landslide.
Results.
Source: Party of Italian Communists – Electoral Archive

</doc>
<doc id="20013780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013780" title="Blood on the Forge">
Blood on the Forge

Blood on the Forge is a migration novel by the African-American writer William Attaway set in the steel valley of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania during the 1919, a time when vast numbers of Black Americans moved northward. Attaway's own family was part of this population shift from South to North when he was a child.
His novel follows the Moss brothers as they escape the inequality of sharecropping in the South only to encounter inequality in the mills of the North. Their story illustrates the tragedy and hardships many Black Americans faced during the Great Migration. "Blood on the Forge" touches on themes such as the destruction of nature, the emptiness and hunger that the working characters experience, the complications of the individual in a depersonalized world, and the myth of the American Dream.
Background.
During his childhood in the 1910s, author William Attaway traveled with his family from the segregated south of Mississippi to the northern city of Chicago, Illinois; in doing so his family became part of what would be known as the Great Migration. From 1910 to 1930, approximately six million African Americans moved from the rural southern United States to the industrialized north. The northern states of Illinois, Ohio, Indiana, New York and Michigan received the majority of the migrating African Americans. Factors motivating blacks to migrate north included the plentiful job opportunities in Northern industry, and the desire to escape the harsh racial climate of the south. As a result, neighborhoods in Northern cities saw drastic changes in population and an increase in issues concerning housing. Many cultural movements were spawned due to the large influx in black populations in the North, including the Harlem Renaissance and the spread of jazz music.
Plot summary.
The novel opens in Kentucky, in the year 1919; sharecropping half-brothers Big Mat, Chinatown, and Melody Moss are in dire straits. After their mule dragged their mother to her death, Big Mat killed the animal in a fit of rage. Now without a mule, the brothers are unable to work their land, and are likely to starve. The landowner, Mr. Johnston, agrees to give the brothers another mule.
When Big Mat goes to Mr. Johnston’s riding boss to collect the mule he had been promised, the riding boss refuses to give him the mule, and makes a racist comment about the departed Mrs. Moss. Big Mat's anger again overcomes him and he attacks and possibly kills the riding boss. Earlier that day, Chinatown and Melody are visited by a white man on horseback who gives them a ten-dollar bill, promising much more if the brothers leave that night on a train that would take them North, to work. When Big Mat returns that evening and Melody and Chinatown tell him what the stranger said, Big Mat decides that he and his brothers will head North that very evening.
Part Two, the shortest of the novel, chronicles the inhumane conditions of the train in which the Moss brothers are shipped north to Pennsylvania.
The Moss brothers arrive at a mill town near Pittsburgh, where they get work in the steel mill and live together in a bunkhouse with the other workers of the mill. On their time off Chinatown and Melody go to a Mexican madam named Sugar Mama where they meet Sugar Mama’s niece Anna, whom Melody becomes infatuated with.
Chinatown and Melody convince Big Mat to come with them to a dog fight. When Anna rushes into the ring to prevent the death of one of the dogs, she is hit by the dog’s owner. Big Mat responds by punching the man, which leads to a riot. After the fight breaks up, Anna rushes up to Big Mat and kisses him before running away again.
Big Mat takes Anna away from Sugar Mamma and sets up house with her in a small shack. Melody brings a letter from Big Mat's wife Hattie to the shack only to find Anna there alone. When he tells Anna about the letter she tries to snatch it from him; the two wrestle over the letter. The struggle culminates in Melody and Anna having sex.
There is a catastrophic accident at the mill that kills 14 men and blinds Chinatown. After this tragedy, the labor union becomes very active and gains many new members. The atmosphere of the town becomes increasingly hostile as the foreign mill workers come to resent the African American workers, who are the only group that refuse to join the union.
Big Mat is recruited by the sheriff, who is impressed with Big Mat's strength, to be a deputy and help combat the growing union. Once deputized, Mat is told that he is a boss in the town; after a lifetime of oppression, this new feeling of authority goes to Big Mat’s head like fresh whiskey.
Melody decides to cheer Chinatown up after his accident by taking him to visit some prostitutes. Once at the brothel, Melody finds out that Anna has been working there. Melody returns home and tries to convince Anna to run away with him. When Big Mat overhears them, he once again is overpowered by his rage and beats Anna with his brass-studded belt.
Later that night Big Mat, along with the Sheriff and his deputies, raid the union headquarters. In the midst of the action, Big Mat is repeatedly hit on the back of the head with a pickaxe handle by a young Slavic union member. Big Mat is killed by the blows.
The book ends with Melody and Chinatown leaving the mill town as they take a train to Pittsburgh, where they plan to rebuild their lives.
Genre.
Proletarian literature.
Blood on the Forge is an example of proletarian literature, a genre whose works usually represented the years surrounding the Great Depression. The experience of the characters in the novel mirror the class struggles during the Great Migration, specifically the hardships of African American workers during this period. The Moss brothers are realistically depicted as "emerging black proletariat."
Migration narrative.
Attaway's novel is also a Migration Narrative, as it traces the journey of African American brothers from Southern farm life to the industrial North. Lawrence R. Rogders states that there are four kinds of Migration Narratives, the Early Migration Novel, the Harlem Renaissance, the Fugitive Migration Novel, and finally the Communal Migrant Novel, which is post Depression. Blood on the Forge would be considered an Early Migration Novel, as it takes place during the early 20th century and because of its industrial subject matter. Rodgers explains that Harlem Renaissance works do not discuss the actual migration, only what came of it, and in her review of Rodgers' "Canaan Bound: The African-American Great Migration Novel," Farrah Jasmine Griffin states, "If the Harlem Renaissance writers failed to make the most of the migration novel form, the generation that followed—fueled by the depression economy, personal deprivation, and a strong sense of displacement—put migration at the center, not the periphery, of its artistic imagination". In particular, Chicago writers such as Attaway were responding to the failures of Harlem Renaissance writers to express the first wave of African American migration.
One important aspect of the Migration Narrative is its emphasis on the differences between the traditional (or folk) and the modern. Migration narratives typically include references to ancestors and strangers, with ancestors being linked to the South and strangers to the North. In "Blood on the Forge," the immigrants the Moss brothers work with in the mills would be considered strangers. Ancestors are also linked with folklore and tradition, such as music and food. Melody tries to keep the brother's heritage alive with his guitar. Each brother experiences his own shift from the folk to the industrial that is characteristic of The Great Migration. Melody changes the way he plays the guitar from slicking the chords, as he did at home, to picking them. Chinatown loses his eyes in an accidental explosion in the mills, forcing him to adapt to the industrial world as a blind man. Big Mat is the last one to leave behind his tradition. While at home he lashed out in anger against his oppressors, such as the riding boss, in the North Big Mat joins the oppressor as he becomes a deputy, using his anger to break his fellow workers' strike. Edward E. Waldron describes him as becoming "as destructive as the exploding furnace".
Style.
Form of The migration narrative.
In her book, "Who Set You Flowin’?: The African American Migration Narrative", Farah Jasmine Griffin explains that the Migration Narrative is a dominant form in African American culture. Griffin cites Lawrence Rodgers as the first to identify migration with the emergence of a new genre: The Great Migration Novel. This type of work that Blood on the Forge is associated with has a specific narrative form. In relation to the dominant white society, all migrants are strangers; foreigners driven by persecution to wander in search of a new home. In Attaway’s novel, the mill workers all fall under this category. The Moss brothers work with foreign immigrants as well as other Southern migrants like themselves. Within the context of the African American community, the stranger is that figure who possesses no connections to the community. As they migrate to the industrial North, the Moss brothers leave their home and traditions, and start over in a place where they have no connections.
Griffin describes four moments that occur in migration narratives. Not all migration narratives have all four, and they need not occur in this order. 1) An event that propels action north. In "Blood on the Forge", this event is the opportunity for new jobs and a better life. 2) Presentation of the initial confrontation within the urban landscape. The first confrontation the Moss brothers have is when they get off the train and arrive in the city for their new job. As they do this, the meet immigrants and are confronted with the diversity and entirely different atmosphere of the urban landscape 3) Illustration of attempt to negotiate. The bulk of the novel is the brothers trying to adapt to their new lifestyle. 4) Vision of possibilities or limitations of the North. We see both limitations and possibilities of the North in this novel. At the end as Melody and Chinatown leave for a new opportunity in a new city, there is a sense of possibility for a better situation than the previous one. Limitations of the North can be seen in several instances throughout the story. Chinatown loses his eyes in a fatal explosion in the mills, and Big Mat loses his life trying to gain respect.
Characters.
Major characters.
Big Mat.
Big Mat is the eldest of the three Moss brothers. In Part One of Attaway's novel he is employed as a sharecropper on Mr. Johnston's farm in Kentucky. Of the three brothers Big Mat's most notable attributes are his physical size/strength, his rage, and his constant need to be a provider for his family. After the brothers migrate to Pennsylvania Big Mat focuses his energies on doing well at his new job, and scrupulously saves his money so that he might bring his wife Hattie North. Eventually his resolve breaks and Big Mat enters into a relationship with the prostitute Anna. Mat continues to use his physical strength as a weapon against others until his death during the raid of the Union Headquarters. According to Phillip H. Vaughan's article "From Pastorialism to Industrialism Antipathy in William Attaway's "Blood on the Forge"" Attaway uses Big Mat's character to represents "the plodding strength and endurance of all Southern Negroes under their particular color-caste system".
Edward E. Waldron claims that Big Mat represents "the last side of the complete folk culture, religion, and an equally important tie to the soil. " John Claborn asserts that while Melody and Chinatown become destroyed in the North, Big Mat "thrives" in his new home, as he, "identifies more with the machines than with his fellow white workers, for they allow him to flourish in a way denied him by Jim Crow. "
Chinatown Moss.
Chinatown is a younger half sibling to Big Mat. Chinatown resists sharecropping work, instead enjoying a lazy and carefree lifestyle on the Kentucky farm. Chinatown focuses on his own needs before those of the family, using his money on frivolous items such as a gold tooth. After leaving the farm, Chinatown, succumbing to the temptations offered by city life in Pennsylvania, becomes fascinated with drinking, gambling, and hiring prostitutes. Midway through the novel, Chinatown is left blind after an accident at the steel mill and is forced out of work and into the care of Big Mat and Melody. Phillip H. Vaughan argues that Chinatown's "lazy, happy-go-lucky attitude reflects in part a psychological response to the subjugated position of the Negroes" following the abolition of slavery.
Edward E. Waldron claims that Chinatown's main concern in life is to make himself unique, to be noticed as special; his gold tooth provides relief for this concern, and "looking at the tooth shining back at him from his mirror image gives Chinatown a real sense of being somebody. " Stacy I. Morgan claims that the tooth represents Chinatown's "fragile sense of self-esteem," and that he "fixes on the gold tooth as a way of struggling to affirm his individuality and humanity in the face of a socioeconomic system that would otherwise reduce him to a faceless sharecropper.
Melody Moss.
Melody, like Chinatown, is a younger half-sibling to Big Mat. Melody's most prominent characteristic is his love for music, which is expressed through his guitar playing. Once the brothers migrate to Pennsylvania, Melody is forced to work in the steel mills alongside his brothers; this harsh new way of life alienates Melody from his guitar, and he ceases to play. Melody develops feelings for Anna, despite her relationship with Big Mat, and tries to convince her to run away with him. According to Vaughan, Melody's blues singing "recreates and sustains the pastoral myth... and an existence characterized by iages of hunger, barrenness, and drudgery".
Minor characters.
Hattie.
Hattie is Big Mat's wife. When the Moss Brothers travel North, Hattie is left behind pregnant. Big Mat receives a letter from Hattie saying that she fell and lost the baby.
Sugar Mama.
Sugar Mama is a prostitute from "Mex Town."
Anna.
Anna is fourteen or fifteen years old and Sugar Mama's niece. Sugar Mama sent for Anna from New Mexico, thinking she would bring more business. At first, Anna tries to sleep with Melody, but when Big Mat defends Anna after an owner at the dog fight hits her, she become infatuated with Big Mat. Anna moves into a shack with Big Mat, where she endures his beatings.
Smothers.
Smothers is a crippled laborer.
In an article published in "MFS Modern Fiction Studies", John Claborn claims that Smothers is, "a prophetic spokesman for the earth's pain. " Claborn notes that Smother's legs have been mutilated in a violent steel mill incident, claiming that, "Smothers's shrill prophecies are the product of wisdom gained through suffering, of a heightened sense of what the ground feels as it is mined, smelted, and made into steel. "
After Smothers dies in a mill accident, his co-workers memorialize him by turning the steel scraps from the accident into watch fobs, wearing these around their necks for luck.
Mr. Johnston.
The Moss brothers sharecrop on Mr. Johnson's land in Kentucky. Mr. Johnston had stopped giving the family food credit after Big Mat killed the mule Mr. Johnston had lent them, and claims the Moss family's share of the crop for the next two years to pay for the loss of the animal. However, Mr. Johnston wants to prevent the brothers from leaving to work in the North, so he tells Big Mat that he will give the Moss' a mule so that they can continue to work their land, and offers Melody and Chinatown work doing odd jobs around his farm.
Riding Boss.
Big Mat identifies the Kentucky riding boss as the son of a poor white sharecropper. When Big Mat goes to get the mule he was promised by Mr. Johnston, the riding boss, eager to exert his power, insults and whips Big Mat. Big Mat loses his temper and attacks the riding boss, prompting the brothers' departure to the north.
Bo.
Bo is the "boss of stove gang" who catches Chinatown and Melody staring at the woman with the "rotted" breast. Bo points Chinatown and Melody in the right direction of the bunkhouse.
Mike.
Mike is an Italian open-hearth worker who helps the brothers learn the ropes around the mill.
O'Casey.
O'Casey is the diminutive pit boss in charge of the brothers' group at the mill.
Zanski.
Zanski is an old, Slavic laborer who works with the brothers in the pit and works at the lunch car with his granddaughter, Rosie. He's eventually fired from the mills.
Rosie.
Rosie is Zanski's granddaughter who waitresses at the lunch car. Later in the novel it is revealed that she also works as a prostitute.
Themes.
Nature.
There is something very timely in Attaway’s implicit warning against the industry of the North, as Edward Margolies suggests in his introduction to the 1969 edition of the novel: possibly he saw his worst fears realized in the rapid spread industrial wastelands and the consequent plight of urban Negroes. From one point of view Attaway's feelings about the sanctity of nature now seem almost quaint in an age of cybernetics.
The Moss brothers idealize nature, looking back on their homeland of Kentucky with a certain pastoral fondness. Although the nature of the South is idealized, in both the North and the South nature is dying. In the South, Attaway highlights the overworked land, Big Mat's barren wife Hattie, the family’s extreme hunger, and the drudgery of plowing all day with no reward. Likewise, the urban landscape of the North is also painted as dismal and dying. In the North, Attaway shows the defilement of natural landscape, evident "in the pollution of the 'dirty-as-a-catfish-hole river with a beautiful name: the Monongahela," as well as the "'mountains of red ore, yellow limestone, and black coke,' that line the river banks."
Attaway’s use of "mules" in both the South and North, in different contexts, highlights the Moss brothers "unfamiliarity of the artifacts of industrial technology" as well as the similarities between the two places." "Mule" refers both to the animal in the south, and the "small engines that hauled steel along the river front" in the Northern mills." The mules, though in the South are a part of nature and the pastoral nostalgia felt by the Moss brothers, essentially serve the same function as the mules of the mills; both types of mules perform a mechanized, repetitive task. Stacy I. Morgan argues that Attaway calls attention to the mechanical mules not only to contrast with the animals of sharecropping, but to call attention to the mule's prominence within African American history and folklore. Morgan also claims that Attaway "indirectly evokes America's unfulfilled promises of enfranchisement ('forty acres and a mule') as well as the long-standing identification of African American men with the mule as a creature that stubbornly endures despite being much abused as a beast of burden."
Attaway exposes the danger of destroying nature through the voice of the mill worker Smothers, who repeatedly warns his fellow workers of the destructive power of the machines. Though the workers seem to see Smothers' prophecies as merely "half-mad, shrill rants," Claborn argues that "Attaway goes out of his way to invest with a strange dignity and characterize him as a Tiresian speaker of truth. " Smothers sees that destruction of nature "can lead to can lead to industrial accidents, understood as the land avenging itself against humans. "
Hunger.
Attaway depicts how African American sharecroppers were forcibly deprived of many of life's necessities. In Kentucky, the Moss brothers had to use newspapers attached to the wall in order to provide a bit of insulation, and they are so hungry that they chose to smoke or chew tobacco in an attempt to suppress their appetites. One way that they deal with this hunger is through music, and the novel opens with Melody playing the "hungry blues" on his guitar, which he hopes will distract his family members from their empty stomachs.
Metaphorically, the Moss brothers are also "hungry" for other possessions, those that would not satisfy their physical hunger but rather that part of themselves that desired for a comfortable, leisurely life. This hunger is expressed by the brothers through their "wishing game," where Melody and Chinatown fantasize about their ideal day. When the game is played in the South this idyllic day takes place in the city, where the brothers imagine that they are dressed in fine clothes, gamble all day, and eat and drink their favorite things. Once they migrate to the Northern city, this fantasy day takes place back home in the country. They experience this emotional, existential hunger in both locations. Stacy I. Morgan argues that they desire things that remain "ever out of reach," which shows that "the existential dimension of Attaway's hunger metaphor arises precisely out of this perpetually deferred set of desires."
North vs South.
In an article published by Negro American Literature Forum, Edward E. Waldron claims that Attaway depicts an intricate examination of the "death of the blues," or the death of folk culture, with the Moss brothers' move from the South to the North. The changes in Melody and Chinatown reflect the overall changes that southern blacks experienced in the Great Migration, as they have to leave their folk ways behind in order to survive their new, "industrially-oriented environment."
Stacy I. Morgan also alludes to the ways in which the brothers' mind-set has shifted upon migrating to the North. Their vastly increased income in the North allows them new opportunities and multiple ways to spend their new capital, emphasizing instant gratification "
Morgan also notes that the Moss brothers' fear in the train scene, during which their inability to see each other fills each brother with a terrifying sense of isolation, may be Attway's way of highlighting an issue that confronted many who moved during the Great Migration: the "absence of material links to the family, community, and lifeways of former homes, which w frequently demanded by the circumstances of the migration journey northward—a journey that, for many African Americans, did necessarily commence under cover of night. " Morgan asserts that with the absence of these links to their former selves, it was especially difficult for the migrants to retain any former cultural identity in their new homes.
Mechanization.
Edward E. Waldron claims that "Blood on the Forge" is a story of "man's changing nature in the face of ever-increasing mechanization." Stacy I. Morgan states that the physical injuries experienced in the mills are extreme examples of the larger process going on: the "transforming workers' sense of time and of their own bodies."
Phyllis R. Klotman looks at the ways in which the three brothers bodies became tools, a part of machine: “Chinatown is blinded in an accident which eats up the lives of fourteen men; Melody’s hand is smashed so that he is no longer able to play the guitar; Big Mat is killed during the strike which he has become as unwitting tool the bosses wield against the white workers,” suggesting that “The three brother are systematically unmanned by the dehumanizing process of forging steel”.
One of the tragic outcomes in the novel, according to Klotman, is the loss of continuity in the lives of men who are almost human sacrifices to the industrial Moloch created by an unseen hand grasping for profits.
By wearing scraps of the steel that killed Smothers, John Claborn argues that the workers "give the steel a ritual value that escapes the logic of exchange value; these scraps open up a space for resistance, insofar as they signify the workers' communal bonding. " With this act, Attaway may signify a "shift in the workers' consciousness," as "the narration itself seems to gain a heightened awareness of the connection between steel and the ground. " In addition, Claborn feels that "Smothers is ritually sacrificed for the sake of more direct commentary on steel production as a globally interdependent process. " As Attaway wrote, "The nearness of a farmer to his farm was easily understood. But no man was close to steel. It was shipped across endless tracks to all the world."
Claborn claims that Big Mat embodies the link between mechanic and racial violence. Once he is deputized, given power by the white law enforcement, and charged to "suppress the white workers," he "relishes the terror he inspires. " Claborn notes that, "once the strike begins and the furnaces start to cool down because there are not enough workers to keep them burning, Big Mat single-handedly tries to keep the machines functioning," and claims that this "impossible effort" shows that "Big Mat has himself become a machine. " "Only as he dies […] does Big Mat glimpse the reality that, in siding with the mill owners and in becoming a machine, he has become an agent of oppression. "
Myth of the American Dream and the working class.
Attaway's novel depicts how industrial technology dehumanizes working class laborers, alienates workers from the products of their labors, and also highlights how capitalism moved towards mechanized standardization and away from individualized artistry and craftsmanship.
The character Anna in particular illustrates another aspect of the American myth, according to Stacy I. Morgan, as Anna dreams of becoming "like the Americanos." However, Morgan writes, Anna attempts to move up in class by wearing shiny heels and an elaborate gown, and thereby "misapprehends the complexity of American class identity by reducing it to material cultural signs." Eventually, her dress becomes filthy from being dragged in the mud, and Anna must wear it "pinned like a diaper between her legs," which Morgan claims illustrates how that "the icon intended as a symbol of maturity and class status" becomes a symbol of "Anna's childishness." In addition, Morgan notes that Anna is "tragically pathetic," forbidden by Big Mat to go out in public, the space "for which such ostentatious apparel is designed."
Critical reception.
Attaway's novels were not a major attraction to critics at their time of publication. Although Attaway's novels were received well, they have not been as critically acclaimed as other novels written during the 1940s, including Grapes of Wrath (Steinbeck, 1939) and Native Son (Wright, 1941) which have both maintained an exceptional reputation for radical novels written during the Great Depression. Attaway did not continue on writing novels after Blood on the Forge, but instead went on to successfully write and produce songs, music and screenplays.

</doc>
<doc id="20013788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013788" title="Jelenin svet">
Jelenin svet

Jelenin svet ("Jelena's World") is a 2008 independent documentary film written and directed by Tanja Brzaković, about former World No. 1 female tennis player, Jelena Janković.
Background.
The film follows Jelena Janković over a 14-month period, and includes tennis tournaments in Madrid and Berlin, as well as her visits to her home in Belgrade. 
At the beginning of the documentary, Janković was ranked as third best tennis player in the world. The film follows her regime as she prepares for various meets, deals with maintaining her diet, trains, meets with fans, and begins her matches.
Reception.
When the film premiered in Belgrade on November 12, 2008, it outsold the James Bond film "Quantum of Solace" which opened there that same weekend, bumping the Bond film to second place in the Serbian box office.
In speaking toward the film, "Politika" made note that full-length theatrically released documentary films toward Serbian athletes are rare. The appreciated that "Jelenin svet" celebrated the efforts of one of the best among the best in the world, and that the film was able to document Jelena Janković's rise from third-best to world's best. The wrote that the film is dynamic, witty and cheerful in it portrait of Janković, and that it allows viewers to better understand the subject of the film.

</doc>
<doc id="20013790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013790" title="Ypsolopha scabrella">
Ypsolopha scabrella

The Wainscot Hooktip or Wainscot Smudge ("Ypsolopha scabrella") is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is found in Europe, China, Russia, Asia Minor and Mideast Asia.
The wingspan is 20–22 mm. The moth flies from July to September depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Apple, Crataegus and Cotoneaster.

</doc>
<doc id="20013806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013806" title="Adventist Church of Promise">
Adventist Church of Promise

The Adventist Church of Promise ( or "IAP") is an evangelical Christian denomination which is both Sabbatarian Adventist and classical Pentecostal in its doctrine and worship. It was founded in Brazil in 1932 by pastor John August Silveira (Portuguese João Augusto da Silveira), as a split-off from the Seventh-day Adventist Church.
It is the second largest Adventist denomination in South America (after the Seventh-day Adventist Church). It claims to be the first indigenous Brazilian Pentecostal denomination. (The earlier Assemblies of God in Brazil were introduced from the United States). Most of the church members live in Brazil, yet the church is also present in another countries: Argentina, Paraguay, Chile, Bolivia, Colombia, El Salvador, United States, Portugal, Spain, Nigeria, Mozambique, Cameroon and Uruguay. Worldwide there are approximately 200,000 Adventists of Promise.
Beliefs.
The Adventist Church of Promise believes in:

</doc>
<doc id="20013818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013818" title="The Lonely Voyage">
The Lonely Voyage

The Lonely Voyage is an adventure novel by English author John Harris. It is his first novel.
Plot introduction.
This novel is about a boy, Jess Ferigo, who winds up on a voyage of poaching along with Pat Fee and Old Boxer. The story is about his journey into manhood.

</doc>
<doc id="20013822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013822" title="Carlos Triunfel">
Carlos Triunfel

Carlos Manuel Triunfel (born February 27, 1990) is a professional baseball shortstop for the Seattle Mariners of Major League Baseball.
Professional career.
Seattle Mariners.
Triunfel was signed as a non-drafted free agent on September 23, by Mariners scouts Bob Engle and Patrick Guerrero.
Triunfel began the season with the Class-A Wisconsin Timber Rattlers. He had back-to-back three-hit, two-RBI games on May 11 and May 12. He recorded 14-multi-hit games, including five three-hit games. He was named to the Midwest League All-Star team, but did not play due to injury. He was placed on the disabled list with a right thumb contusion from May 29 to July 5. Triunfel made three rehab appearances with the Peoria Mariners from July 2 to 5. He was transferred to the Class-A Advanced High Desert Mavericks after completing rehab assignment. He hit .303 during season-high seven-game hit streak from July 12 to 18. He recorded a career-high six hits, all singles on July 30 against the Inland Empire 66ers, becoming just the second Maverick in club history to post six hits in a 9-inning game since Mike Berry in . He participated in the Arizona Fall League.
In his second season in , Triunfel spent the season with the Class-A Advanced High Desert Mavericks. He led team with 30 stolen bases, ranking tied for third among all Mariners' minor leaguers. He recorded an 11-game hitting streak from April 28 to May 9. He was placed on the suspend list from May 11 to 21 and was placed on the disabled list with an abdomen strain from June 16 to 27. Triufel hit grand slam home run, going three-for-five with two runs scored, a double, a home run and four RBI on July 21. He recorded five consecutive multi-hit games from July 19 to 23. He was named California League Player of the Week in mid-July. Triunfel recorded a season-high 13-game hitting streak, batting .382 with 20 runs scored, seven extra-base hits and 10 RBIs from July 25 to August 8. He participated in the Arizona Fall League in Peoria, Arizona.
Triunfel was sidelined for most of the season with a broken tibia. In limited time he hit .238 in 11 games.

</doc>
<doc id="20013841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013841" title="Henry Chancellor">
Henry Chancellor

Henry George Chancellor (3 June 1863-14 March 1945), was a British Member of Parliament. 
Henry Chancellor was elected in Jan 1910 as the 'Radical'/Liberal MP for the Haggerston Division of Shoreditch, a position he held uninterrupted until the constituency was merged in 1918 into the new Division of Shoreditch. At the subsequent general election he stood as the (Asquith) Liberal candidate in competition with the Liberal Christopher Addison who had represented the Hoxton part of the new constituency. Addison, who was a supporter of Lloyd George, received the 'coupon' defeated Chancellor.

</doc>
<doc id="20013850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013850" title="Canoeing at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Men's K-4 1000 metres">
Canoeing at the 2000 Summer Olympics – Men's K-4 1000 metres

The men's K-4 1000 metres event was a fours kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 2000 Summer Olympics program.
Results.
Heats.
13 crews entered in two heats. The top three finishers in each heat advanced to the final while the remaining teams competed in the semifinal.
Overall Results Heats
Yugoslavia is shown as Serbia and Montenegro (SCG) in the sports-reference.com website.
Semifinals.
The top three finishers in the semifinal advanced to the final.
Final.
Germany won the K-4 1000 m world championships in 1997 and 1998 while Hungary won in 1999. Germany won the European championships in July 2000, but the Hungarians won the Olympic final by about 2.5 meter (8 feet).

</doc>
<doc id="20013856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013856" title="Jarayotar">
Jarayotar


</doc>
<doc id="20013864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013864" title="Ypsolopha lucella">
Ypsolopha lucella

Ypsolopha lucella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is found in Europe and Near East.
The moth flies from June to September depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Oak.

</doc>
<doc id="20013866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013866" title="State Secretary (Norway)">
State Secretary (Norway)

In Norway, a State Secretary () is a partisan political position within the executive branch of government. Contrary to the position Secretary of State in many other countries, the Norwegian State Secretary does not head his or her Ministry, rather, they are second in rank to a Minister. Resembling a "de facto" vice minister, the State Secretary, however, cannot attend a Council of State, and does not act as a temporary Minister in case of illness or other leave of absence.
Modern use.
The modern State Secretary institution was established in 1947, following a 78-41 vote in the Norwegian Parliament. The Labour and Communist parties voted for, whereas the Agrarian (Centre), Christian Democratic, Liberal, and Conservative parties voted against. The cabinet at that time was a single-party Labour cabinet led by Einar Gerhardsen, and one State Secretary was appointed seven of the ministries. State Secretaries in the Office of the Prime Minister followed in 1956, having originally been known as Secretaries to the Prime Minister. When the cabinet Lyng (Conservative, Christian Democratic, Centre, Liberal) assumed office in August 1963, they appointed State Secretaries in nearly all ministries, and when the cabinet Korvald (Christian Democratic, Centre, Liberal) assumed office, it became the first cabinet to employ two State Secretaries in one ministry.
In 1968 the Conservative representative Paul Thyness, himself a former State Secretary, had proposed a parliamentary resolution which requested the sitting cabinet to "take the function and status of State Secretary position into closer consideration. A public reporting committee convened in 1970; in 1971 Thyness became a member of this committee. In 1972, Thyness and fellow committee member Guttorm Hansen proposed four changes to the Norwegian Constitution in order to cement the State Secretary position in Norwegian law. A Norwegian Official Report was also produced; in 1974 (NOU 1974: 18). In 1976 the constitutional change was passed, following a 146-9 parliamentary vote. The only party which opposed the change was the Anders Lange Party; its four representatives voted together with individuals from other parties. One proposal was scrapped, though; the idea that State Secretaries should meet in parliamentary sessions, allowing for closer scrutiny of the executive branch of government by the legislative branch.
Originally, the position was typically given to external technical experts or young politicians with little or no prior expericence as elected politicians. In 1980, a landmark was made as Helen Bøsterud became the first State Secretary with prior experience in Parliament. However, this is still not the rule. On the other hand, becoming a Parliament member or even Minister after serving as State Secretary is common. Jan P. Syse (State Secretary 1970–1971) and Kjell Magne Bondevik (State Secretary 1972–1973) would serve as Prime Ministers, and Thorvald Stoltenberg (State Secretary 1971–1972 and 1973–1979) and Jonas Gahr Støre (State Secretary 2000–2001) would serve as Ministers of Foreign Affairs.
Historical use.
The title State Secretary was first used in 1814. While Norway was still a part of Denmark, in March 1814, Crown Prince Christian Frederick created a Government Council ("Regjeringsråd"), with a regular secretary who was titled Secretary to the Government ("Regjeringssekretær"). According to the Norwegian Constitution of May 1814, the name of the Government Council was changed to Council of State, the secretary position being renamed to the State Secretary at the same time. The name remained until 1925, when it was changed to Secretary to the Council of State ("Statsrådsekretær"). Following restructuring in 1969 and 1987, the position were transformed into a civil servant position in the Office of the Prime Minister, and is today known as Secretary to the Government ("Regjeringsråd").
List of current State Secretaries.
This is a list of the State Secretaries in the second cabinet Stoltenberg, which currently governs Norway. Unless otherwise noted, the terms started on 17 October 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20013870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013870" title="Abortive flower">
Abortive flower

The Japanese call these flowers "muda-bana". An abortive flower is a flower that has a stamen but an under developed, or no pistil. It falls without producing fruit or seeds, due to its inability to fructify. Flowers require both male and female organs to reproduce, and the pistils and ovary serve as female organs, while the stamens are considered male organs.
Illustrative examples include Urginea Nagarjunae and Trichilogaster acaciaelongifoliae.

</doc>
<doc id="20013881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013881" title="Ralph Berzsenyi">
Ralph Berzsenyi

Ralph Berzsenyi (, February 26, 1909 – June 10, 1978) was a Hungarian sport shooter who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Fiume and died in Budapest.
In 1936 he won the silver medal in the 50 metre rifle, prone event.

</doc>
<doc id="20013896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013896" title="Majuwa">
Majuwa

Majuwa may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20013898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013898" title="Mel Whinnen">
Mel Whinnen

Allan Melvyn "Mel" Whinnen MBE (born 6 October 1942) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the West Perth Football Club in the Western Australian National Football League (WANFL) from 1960 to 1977. He also played 14 interstate and carnival games for Western Australia. In total, Whinnen played 371 games for West Perth, a league record, playing in four premiership sides and finishing runner-up in the Sandover Medal on two occasions, as well as winning West Perth's best and fairest award, the Breckler Medal, on a record nine occasions. He was inducted into the West Australian Football Hall of Fame in 2004.
Career.
Educated at North Perth Primary School and Perth Boys High School, Whinnen debuted for West Perth in 1960, and was a reserve in the club's 1960 premiership win over at Subiaco Oval. Playing mainly as a centreman, Whinnen established himself in West Perth's league team, winning the Breckler Medal in 1962 and 1964 as the club's best and fairest. He also finished second in the Sandover Medal in 1964, polling 22 votes to finish one vote behind Barry Cable, the winner. Whinnen made his state debut for Western Australia against the Victorian Football Association (VFA) in 1963. Whinnen won West Perth's best and fairest award in both 1967 and 1968, and again in 1970, 1971, 1972, 1973 and 1975. In total, Whinnen won the Breckler Medal a record nine times between 1962 and 1975. 
Whinnen again played in premierships in 1969, 1971 and 1975. In 1975, he was awarded the Simpson Medal as the best on ground in West Perth's premiership defeat of . Whinnen was appointed as captain of West Perth for the 1977 season, and retired at the end of the year. His 371 games is both a West Perth record and a WAFL record for the most games played for any one club.
Honours and awards.
Whinnen was made a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in June 1976, for "services to sport", along with former teammate Bill Dempsey. In October 2000, he was named in the centre in West Perth's Team of the Century. Whinnen was an inaugural inductee of the West Australian Football Hall of Fame in March 2004. One of the entrance gates at Subiaco Oval is named after Whinnen, and a grandstand at Arena Joondalup, West Perth's home ground since 1994, is named the Whinnen–Dempsey Stand in honour of the two players' contribution to the club. Since 1998, the Mel Whinnen Medal has been awarded to the player judged best on ground in the grand final of the WAFL's colts (under-19) competition. Notable winners have included Paul Hasleby, Scott Stevens, Jacob Surjan and Matthew Leuenberger.

</doc>
<doc id="20013913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013913" title="Fyodor Selin">
Fyodor Selin

Fyodor Ilyich Selin () (born March 7, 1899 in Tula; died October 8, 1960 in Moscow) was a Soviet football player and coach.
International career.
Selin made his debut for USSR on November 16, 1924 in a friendly against Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="20013914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013914" title="Macedonian Air Force">
Macedonian Air Force

The Macedonian Aviation Brigade is the Air Force and Air Defence of the Army of the Republic of Macedonia.
History.
The development of the Macedonian Air Force and Air Defence Forces started from scratch in 1992.
The UTVA-66 and UTVA-75 were the first types to be introduced into the Macedonian Air Force and Air Defence Forces. Upon its creation, the Macedonian Air Force and Air Defence Forces could count on one UTVA-66 and four UTVA-75 A21 two-seat trainers, all leased from the Makedonski Vozduhoploven Sojuz (Macedonian Aeronautical Union).
After the full-scale conflict began in 1991 in the newly independent republics of Croatia and Bosnia-Herzegovina, the Security Council unanimously adopted resolution, requesting the immediate UN arms embargo to Bosnia-Herzegovina, Croatia, Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, Macedonia and Slovenia. This resolution was seen by Macedonia as unfair, because Macedonia was the only one of the former Yugoslav Republics that has gained its independence as a state by peaceful means. In 1994, the Macedonian Air Force and Air Defence Forces acquired four biplanes built in the 1920s from Ukraine. Because of the arms embargo they were delivered to the Macedonian Air Force and Air Defence Forces with civil registrations. In 1996, the Security Council excluded Macedonia from the UN arms embargo. Shortly after this all four Mi-17s of the Macedonian Air Force and Air Defence Forces were painted in camouflage schemes and they received military serials.
Four Zlin 242L two-seat trainers were acquired from the Czech Republic in 1995. They are suitable for basic, aerobatic, navigation, instrument and night flying, for formation flying and combat maneuvers. One Zlin 242L was lost on April 7, 1999 when it crashed about 1 km west of Mantovo Accumulation Lake, near Radovish, the pilot escaping with minor injuries.
The last few years a number of rumours have surfaced about possible acquisitions by the Macedonian Air Force and Air Defence Forces. Unfortunately all of these rumours appeared either to be untrue or the acquisitions failed to materialise. The Macedonian Air Force and Air Defence Forces will not take delivery of new build L-59, second-hand Turkish F-5, second-hand Bulgarian MiG-21bis and Mi-24D. The delivery of 16 ex-German Army Bo-105M helicopters will also not take place.
During the Kosovo crisis, the Macedonian Air Force and Air Defence Forces relocated all its aircraft on safe places, deeply on Macedonian territory, from where it was actively involved in monitoring the trouble borders with Yugoslavia (in the part with Kosovo) and Albania as well in supplying a number of refugee camps with Albanians from Kosovo with food, water and medical care.
After the withdrawal of Yugoslav Army from Kosovo and entering KFOR in Kosovo, UN decide to disarm the so-called Kosovo Liberation Army (KLA). Since spring 2000, Albanian Fighters have launched a large scale of frontal assaults on police stations, check-points and border-points in southern Serbia and Macedonia. All these events indicate that a large part of already disbanded KLA is still active in a form of two new liberation armies: The Liberation Army of Preshevo, Medvedja, Bujanovac in southern Serbia and National Liberation Army in Macedonia.
The crisis between Albanian Fighters and the Macedonian Government forces broke out in March 2001. During the fightings the Macedonian Air Force and Air Defence Forces has rapidly expanded itself receiving additional 20 aircraft. The first big-quantity delivery of new aircraft to the Macedonian Air Force and Air Defence Forces was made on March 23. That day, Ukraine donated to Macedonia four Mi-8MT combat helicopters, that served with Ukrainian contingent of KFOR on Kosovo, and as a part of old agreement delivered additional two Mi-24V Hind-E combat helicopters. Solidarity of Greece with the Macedonian Government was also shown that day with the delivery of two UH-1H Huey helicopters to the Macedonian Air Force and Air Defence Forces. On April 15 two more, and on June 15 four more and on September 4 two more Mi-24's followed from Ukraine. In June 2001 four Su-25 (three Su-25 and one Su-25UB) arrived, marking them the first combat fighters for the Macedonian Air Force and Air Defence Forces. In December 2001 Macedonian Air Force and Air Defence Forces received two Mi-24K Hind-G2 (photo-reconnaissance and artillery spotting version of Mi-24) helicopters from Ukraine.
As a response on brutal assaults of Albanian Fighters on the town of Tetovo, in the dawn of March 25, Macedonian security forces launch a full scale offensive in order to neutralize and eliminate them. In this operation, Macedonian Security forces used Mi-17 transport helicopters and recently acquired Mi-8MT combat helicopters. This was the first time that Macedonian Air Force and Air Defence Forces aircraft was involved in combat. On June 23, one Su-25 took off from Petrovec Air Force base and was involved in observing the scene over Arachinovo village where heavy fighting were underway. This was the first time in the history of Macedonia that a fixed wing Macedonian Air Force and Air Defence Forces combat aircraft had operated from a Macedonian Air Force and Air Defence Forces base.
According to the Macedonian Ministry of Interior affairs, Albanian Fighters in Macedonia poses big quantity of anti-aircraft weapon that includes a number of FIM-92 Stinger and Strela-2M (NATO: SA-7b Grail) man-portable low-altitude SAM systems, 100+ anti-aircraft cannons and 500+ anti-aircraft heavy guns. Despite this quantity of anti-aircraft weapon in the hands of the Albanian Fighters, no one aircraft of the Macedonian Air Force and Air Defence Forces was lost as a result of anti-aircraft fire. The only lose of equipment that Macedonian Air Force and Air Defence Forces has during the fightings was the crash of the Mi-17 helicopter on March 17, which occurred because the helicopters rotor blade struck a flag pool during takeoff at a hotel in the Popova Shapka ski resort.
During the fightings, as in any other war, a number of rumours have surfaced about possible acquisitions by the Macedonian Air Force and Air Defence Forces. This includes the reports that Macedonia is attempting to acquire six J-21 Jastreb ground attack aircraft from Yugoslavia and ten Pilatus Britten-Norman BN2T-4S Defender 4000 multi-sensor surveillance from unnamed country. In few occasions there were also reports that Macedonian Air Force and Air Defence Forces for some time was operating two Kamov Ka-50 Hokum close-support helicopters that were acquired from Russia. The Macedonian Ministry of Defence demanded all this information. Another disinformation comes during June, when Macedonian media reported that the country is negotiating with Ukraine to buy six MiG-29 Fulcrum fighters. This was followed in early August by Greek medias reports that Turkey is offering Macedonia leasing of two squadron with 24 F-16C/D Fighting Falcon fighters. The last rumours come on August 2, when Sunday Times reported that Macedonia will purchase Su-25KM Scorpion, a new "retrofit" version of the Frogfoot, complete with Israeli avionics fitted in the former Soviet republic of Georgia.
As a part of succession of property and equipment of the former Yugoslav Peoples Army, on October 18, Yugoslavia offers Macedonia a long list of weapons and equipment that this country is ready to deliver to the Macedonian Army. According to the initial reports of the Macedonian media, the country among others will receive four G-4 Super Galeb jets, one An-26 transport aircraft, one Yak-40 transport aircraft, cabinets for pilots education for the Macedonian Military Academy "General Mihailo Apostolski" and surface-to-air missile systems. Until today there was no update regarding the possibility for delivering Yugoslav weapons and equipment to Macedonia which put the realization of this project under big mark of question.
During December 2001, the new organization structure of the Macedonian Air Force and Air Defence Forces was put on strength. Until then, Macedonian Air Force and Air Defence Forces Airborne Brigade (Avio Brigada) was organized in three squadrons: 101. Avijaciska Eskadrila (or 101. AE, 101 Aviation Squadron), 201. Protiv Oklopna Helikopterska Eskadrila (or 201. POHE, 201 Anti Armour Helicopter Squadron) and 301. Transportna Helikopterska Eskadrila (or 301. TRHE, 301 Transport Helicopter Squadron). With the latest changes in the organization of the Macedonian Air Force and Air Defence Forces, Avio Brigada (Airborne Brigade) became Avio Bataljon (Airborne Battalion) and Eskadrila (Squadron) became Cheta (Company). So, 101. AE became 101. Avijaciska Cheta (or 101. ACh, 101 Aviation Company), 201. POHE became 201. Protiv Oklopna Helikopterska Cheta (or 201. POHCh, 201 Anti Armour Helicopter Company) and 301. TRHE became 301. Transportna Helikopterska Cheta (or 301. TRHCh, 301 Transport Helicopter Company). As part of the big reorganization of the Macedonian Air Force and Air Defence Forces new company was also established. Named as 401. Shkolsko Trenazna Cheta (or 401. ShTCh, 401 Training Company), this company now operates four Zlin 242Ls, a single Zlin 143L and two UH-1Hs. Before coming part of the 401. ShTCh, the four original Zlin 242L two-seat trainers were part of the 101. AE and UH-1H helicopters were part of the 301. TRHE. In 2003 a four-seat Zlin 143L and one more two-seat Zlin 242L were acquired from the Macedonian Authority for Civil Aeronautical Transport and Traffic. Training on the new Zlins will start early 2004 when the original three Zlin 242s will go to Moravan Aeroplanes in Czech for overhaul.
The Macedonian Air Force and Air Defence Forces elite 501 parachute diversion detachment (501. Padobransko Diverzantski Odred) called "Falcons" (Sokoli) was officially promoted during the big military exercise that took place at Cojlija military range, near Petrovec Air Force base, on May 28, 2002. The exercise activities of this unit encompassed technical presentation of the equipment and the weaponry, search and rescue (SAR) operations, combat search and rescue (CSAR) of the pilot on hostile territory with the tactic operation called "small diamond." The "Falkons" also demonstrated leading Macedonian Air Force and Air Defence Forces aircraft towards enemy positions (FOC - Forward Air Controllers), opening rifle fire from Mi-8MT and Mi-24V helicopters, parachute jumps and High-Altitude Low-Opening () parachute jumps. In peacetime the 501. PDO is under the command of the Macedonian Air Force and Air Defence Forces and its main task is search, rescue and medical evacuation of the flying staff. In case of natural disasters its aim is assisting the population. Members of the 501. PDO are all experienced professional soldiers who had participated in the missions of NATO and Partnership for Peace program. According to Major Goran Grujovski, the 501. PDO aim is to become the most elite unit of the Macedonian Army.
The creation of 501. PDO leads to need for equipping the Macedonian Air Force and Air Defence Forces with transport aircraft. Macedonian media reported that Macedonian Government, on its session held on April 2, 2002, decided to refuse the initiative for buying one An-74 Coaler transport aircraft from Ukraine for a price of approximately US $6 million. In December 2002 the Russian government proposed to pay off some old debts to Yugoslavia that were inherited by Macedonia with a transport aircraft (An-74?). Because of uncertainty regarding Macedonian acquisition of An-74, Macedonian Air Force and Air Defence Forces acquired one An-2 transport aircraft from Macedonian aviation club "Kumanovo" in 2003. The An-2 will be used for parachute training of the 501. PDO until new An-74 or other transport aircraft becomes part of the Macedonian Air Force and Air Defence Forces. PDO uses also Mi-24V, Mi-8MT and sometimes UH-1H helicopters.
Macedonia is one of nine Central and Eastern European countries that are actively seeking membership in NATO. In wish to meet all obligations for full integration and membership in NATO, Macedonia already equipped its Air Force and Air Defence Forces fighters and helicopters with NATO compatible communication systems. For better protection of its borders with south Serbian province of Kosovo and with Albania, especially at night, Macedonia plans to equip few Air Force and Air Defence Forces helicopters with FLIR equipment. Priority in acquisitions for the Macedonian Air Force and Air Defence Forces in the future will be equipping utility helicopters. The four Su-25 Frogfoots are withdrawn from use in 2004. Macedonia has no intention of operating jet fighters in the future and will depend on its NATO allies for air cover.
When there is a need, for example in warfare situation, Macedonian Air Force and Air Defence Forces can use all the Macedonian Aeronautical Union aircraft, among them five survived UTVA-75 two-seat trainers and 16 An-2 Colt transport aircraft.

</doc>
<doc id="20013924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013924" title="Władysław Karaś">
Władysław Karaś

Władysław Karaś (August 31, 1893 – May 28, 1942) was a Polish sport shooter who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
He was born in Kielce and died in Magdalenka.
In 1936 he won the bronze medal in the 50 metre rifle, prone event.

</doc>
<doc id="20013928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013928" title="Ypsolopha alpella">
Ypsolopha alpella

Ypsolopha alpella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is found in Southern and central Europe and Siberia.
The wingspan is approximately 16 mm. The moth flies from June to October depending on the location.
The larvae feed on Oak.

</doc>
<doc id="20013963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013963" title="Shriya Sharma">
Shriya Sharma

Shriya Sharma is an Indian child film actress and model.
She was born on 9 September 1997 in Palampur, Himachal Pradesh, India.
Filmography.
c

</doc>
<doc id="20013964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013964" title="Wolf pack Siegfried">
Wolf pack Siegfried

Siegfried was a "wolfpack" of German U-boats that operated during the battle of the Atlantic in World War II.
Service history.
"Siegfried" was formed in October 1943
to operate against the North Atlantic convoy routes and comprised 18 boats.
It consisted of 7 boats from the disbanded group
"Schlieffen", plus 11 others from bases in France and Germany. All the reinforcements were commanded by new skippers; 6 from Norway were also new boats, while the 5 from France were experienced boats with new commanders.
The "Siegfried" boats had fuel problems, so a re-fueling group was established north of the Azores, of 3 tankers and a flak boat as escort.
"Siegfried" was deployed to intercept east-bound convoys in mid-Atlantic, planning to attack while travelling towards the re-fueling group and home bases in France. However the Allies became aware of "Seigfried"s position, and diverted their east-bound HX and SC convoys out of harm's way, leaving a massively re-inforced west-bound convoy, ON 207 to run into "Siegfried" as bait.
Three "Siegfried" boats were destroyed in engagements with ON 207’s escorts ("U-274", "U-420", and "U-282"), while the re-fueling group was attacked by USN hunter-killer groups centred on the escort carriers "Block Island" and "Card".
Two "Siegfried" boats ("U-405" and "U-584") and one tanker ("U-220") were destroyed and the flak boat ("U-256") was damaged and forced to return to base.
"Siegfried" was re-configured after these actions to form three sub-groups ("Siegfried 1-3") and spread a wider net; further re-arrangements followed throughout November and December. None of these were successful, as the Allies were able to divert convoys around the patrol lines or steer through the gaps.
U-boats involved.
Re-fueling group
The name.
"Siegfried" was named for the legendary German hero Siegfried whose story is told in the Nibelungenlied

</doc>
<doc id="20013967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013967" title="Bill Burich">
Bill Burich

William Max Burich (May 29, 1917 – December 25, 2009) was an infielder in Major League Baseball, playing mainly as a shortstop for the Philadelphia Phillies during the and seasons. Listed at 6' 0", 180 lb., he batted and threw right-handed.
A native of Calumet, Michigan, Burich was one of many major leaguers who saw his baseball career interrupted by a military stint during World War II. In 1942 he appeared in 25 games as a backup infielder for Pinky May, Bobby Bragan and Danny Murtaugh. He enlisted in the United States Army in 1943, serving for three and half years before rejoining the Phillies in the 1946 midseason.
In a two-season career, Burich was .284 hitter (23-for-81) in 27 games with four runs and seven RBI in 27 games, including one double, two stolen bases, and a .333 on-base percentage.
Following his brief stint in major leagues, Burich resumed his playing career in the minors and also managed the 1948 Nazareth Barons of the North Atlantic League.
Burich died on December 25, 2009 in Apple Valley, California.

</doc>
<doc id="20013971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013971" title="Sam Lee">
Sam Lee

Sam Lee may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20013984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013984" title="Sinead Matthews">
Sinead Matthews

Sinead Matthews (born 1980) is an English actress.
She was born in Coventry, Warwickshire. She attended Coventry's Cardinal Wiseman Catholic School and Language College, and studied A-level Drama at Stratford-upon-Avon College between 1996 and 1998. She graduated from RADA in 2003, and made her television debut in the 2004 costume drama "He Knew He Was Right". In 2009 she starred in "Our Class", a new play by Tadeusz Slobodzianek at the NT and in 2010 Penelope Skinner's play "Eigengrau" at the Bush Theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="20013992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013992" title="Erich Krempel">
Erich Krempel

Erich Krempel (August 18, 1913 – September 26, 1992) was a German sport shooter who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he won the silver medal in the 50 metre pistol event.

</doc>
<doc id="20013995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013995" title="Municipal president of Juárez">
Municipal president of Juárez

The Municipal President of Juárez (mayor) is the head of local government in Juárez, a populous industrial municipality in the north of the Mexican state of Chihuahua. The population of the seat of the municipality (Ciudad Juárez) accounts for the majority of the municipality's population. 

</doc>
<doc id="20013997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20013997" title="Sonny Feehan">
Sonny Feehan

John Ignatius "Sonny" Feehan (17 September 1926 – 11 March 1995) was an Irish footballer who played as a goalkeeper for several clubs in both Ireland and England.
Born in Dublin, Feehan began his football career as an amateur with Dublin-based Bohemians. He turned professional two years later, when he signed for Waterford. After four years with Waterford, he crossed the Irish Sea to England to play for Manchester United in November 1948. He was brought in as understudy to United's regular goalkeeper, Jack Crompton, and it took him a whole year to make his debut. His first appearance for the club came on 5 November 1949, keeping goal in a 6–0 home win over Huddersfield Town. An injury to Crompton later in the season afforded Feehan with an extended run in the team, including a 3–1 win over Portsmouth in an FA Cup Fifth Round replay in February 1950, but he was plagued by inconsistency and was transferred to Northampton Town in August 1950.
Feehan spent two seasons at Northampton, playing in almost 40 league matches, but he then dropped out of the game for two years before being picked up by Brentford. However, his appearances for Brentford were sporadic, making just 30 appearances in five seasons with the Bees.
Feehan died on 11 March 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="20014019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014019" title="Leonid Smirnov (footballer)">
Leonid Smirnov (footballer)

Leonid Sergeyevich Smirnov () (born in 1889 in Moscow; died in 1980) was an association football player.
International career.
Smirnov made his debut for Russia on July 3, 1912 in a friendly against Norway. He was selected for the 1912 Olympics squad, but did not play in any games at the tournament.

</doc>
<doc id="20014020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014020" title="Team Ice Racing World Championship">
Team Ice Racing World Championship

The Team Ice Racing World Championship is an international ice speedway competition, first held in Kaliningrad, USSR, in 1979. Since its establishment, the tournament has been noted by a continued Russian dominance: the Soviet Union, Commonwealth of Independent States and Russia have won all but three tournaments. The only non-Russian teams to have won were West Germany in 1983, and Sweden twice in 1985 and 1995. The most recent championship, held in the German municipality of Inzell, was won by Russia in its twelfth consecutive victory, with Austria and Germany placing second and third respectively.

</doc>
<doc id="20014024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014024" title="The Valley of Decision (novel)">
The Valley of Decision (novel)

The Valley of Decision is an historical novel by the American writer Marcia Davenport (1903–1996). It was a national bestseller in the 1940s and adapted into a film, "The Valley of Decision", in 1945.
During the late 1930s Davenport, best known for her biography of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, spent several years in Pittsburgh, her imagination caught by the drama of American industry. In 1942, Charles Scribner's Sons published her Pittsburgh novel, "The Valley of Decision". It was an instant success, and its story of four generations of the Scott family—owners and operators of a Pittsburgh iron and steel works.
The story chronicles the family fortunes from the economic panic of 1873 through the dramatic rise of American industry and trade unionism, though waves of immigration, class conflict, natural disaster, World War I, to Pearl Harbor.
The first portion of the narrative covers the period 1873-83, when ironmaster William Scott, founder of the Scott Iron Works, marched with American industrial progress and died at the hands of union agitators. The second section covers 1889-1929 and his son Paul, who inherits the mills and manages them well, embracing technology, the demands of the first World War, and an enlightened view of labor. Part Three (1933–41) is the book of Claire, great-granddaughter of William. Energetic, responsible, and worldly-wise, she fights to save the integrity of the family’s mills as they pass into the hands of corporation lawyers and bored Scott cousins. It is also Claire who expands the story to Eastern Europe, where, as an international journalist, she brings the horrifying events leading to World War II to the attention of an impassive America.
But the central character in the Scott family saga is Mary Rafferty, an Irish maid who, as the novel opens, enters the Scott household at the age of sixteen. Her sixty-eight years of service to the Scotts span the growth of the family’s mills and the vicissitudes of individual family members. Mary is an advisor and trusted equal of the younger generations of Scotts, particularly Paul, for whom she is a driving force and lifelong love. Mary sees beyond her station, perceptive in ways the wealthy Scotts are not. Her unswerving loyalty to them, and her fierce independence from them, make her the core and the conscience of the family and of the book.

</doc>
<doc id="20014025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014025" title="Ypsolopha ustella">
Ypsolopha ustella

The Variable Ypsolopha Moth ("Ypsolopha ustella") is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is found in most of Europe and is also present in North America.
The wingspan is 15–20 mm. It is a variable species with numerous colour forms. Adults are on wing from mid July to April in western Europe, but can be on wing nearly year round depending on the location. The species overwinters as an adult.
The larvae feed on the upperside of the leaves of "Quercus" species. They live under a slight web. Pupation takes place in a whitish boat-shaped cocoon on a leaf, trunk, or amongst leaf-litter on the ground.

</doc>
<doc id="20014026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014026" title="Frost (novel)">
Frost (novel)

Frost is the first novel by Thomas Bernhard, originally published in German in 1963. An English translation by Michael Hofmann was published in 2006.
Plot summary.
Strauch, mad painter, isolates himself from the world by retreating to the hamlet of Weng near Schwarzach im Pongau. His surgeon brother has Strauch watched by his young medical assistant, who narrates the book. The inn where Strauch resides is managed by a woman with a husband in prison and an endless sequence of lovers. The story includes a significant amount of violence and murder.
Narrative style.
The character Strauch has a tendency to speak in long, ranting monologues, which characterises all of Bernhard’s subsequent work. Another element in Bernhard’s style is repetition: he often repeats phrases with minor variations. As the narrative progresses, the voice of the young narrator increasingly disappears into the voice of Strauch.

</doc>
<doc id="20014035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014035" title="Chetton">
Chetton

Chetton is a small village and civil parish in Shropshire, England. According to the 2001 census the parish had a population of 304. It is about to the West of Wolverhampton in West Midlands and South Telford. The parish church has a fine set of church bells
Demographic.
Population.
Since the 1800s there has been regular data collected regarding the parishes's population. The total population has fluctuated over the years but has actually decreased by 23% over the last 200 years. However, the population hasn't always decreased. Records show that between 1801 and 1841 the population increased by 46%. In addition to this, in 1911 there was a sudden increase of 9%. Chetton's population does not follow suit of the English population; between 1801 and 1961 the total population of England had steadily increased by 460%. It is not unusual for small civil parishes such as Chetton to have dwindling populations. Many young people living in such areas find it hard to gain employing and social events for the younger generations are limited resulting in many migrating in search of better opportunities in the city. 
As the population of England and Wales has increased, so has the population density. Between 1800 and 1960 the population density of England and Wales has increased dramatically. In contrast to this Chetton's population density hasn't fluctuated at all, if anything it has very slightly decreased. 
The most recent Census data available for Chetton is the 2001 census and according to this census the parish had a total of 304 people. This has decreased since the first census data in 1801 where the population was 396. This is a total decrease of 23% since 1801, which for such a small parish is a considerable amount of decrease compared to other towns and villages in Shropshire. At the time of the 2001 census, the total headcount for Chetton was 304, 160 of these were males and 144 were females, with a total of 121 households.
Population Density (Per Acre).
Since the data from the 1881 census was published the population density of Chetton has steadily increased ever since. Compared to the population density of England and Wales which has stayed the same and slightly decreased around the 1900 but then increased soon after. Although the density changes a lot from one census to another but that was also down the change of map boundaries.
Occupation Structure.
Even when the first census was produced it categorised into three categories, 'chiefly employed in agriculture', those 'chiefly employed in trade, manufacturers or handicraft', and 'others'. However, as time went on the census's became more detailed, data was collected on people's occupations and were then used in the 1841 census whereby there was over 3,000 different occupational titles. This wasn't practical but at the time there wasn't any advice on how to organise the job titles as they didn't expect the vast number of job titles that were given. The 1881 census shows that Chetton was an agricultural parish but it was mainly males working in this sector as it also shows that the majority of the women were unemployed. Some women were employed but it wasn't in a manual profession, they were employed in a domestic service role or in an office.
Housing.
Census data has enabled us to have an insight to the way Chetton use to be. In 1831 the census began to gather more personal information about people's properties, the number of rooms, the number of people living there etc., but the statistical data gathered was the number of people occupying the house and the number of rooms. We are able to use this data and see that there were 123 houses of which 199 of these were occupied. Every census since has asked similar questions. The number of houses in Chetton has fluctuated over the last 200 years but in 1961 the total number of houses had decreased to 180, however, all 180 of these were occupied. Between 1921 and 1961 the number of rooms in Chetton had increased by 3 despite the decrease in houses 
The types of houses in Chetton are a mixture of terraced houses, farm houses and detached houses. Many of these houses use to be owned by farmers who use to make their living out of agriculture, whether it would be growing and selling crops such as wheat, oats and grain or farming cattle, sheep or chickens. Chetton was very much an agricultural parish.
Transport.
Car.
Chetton is accessible by various country lanes but all these roads connect to the B4364 and the B4368. These join the A458 which joins Chetton to the nearest town, Bridgnorth.
Train.
There are two main railway stations near Chetton, however, there are no stations in the parish itself. The nearest station is Shifnal railway station located around 11.86 miles away and then Telford Central railway station, 11.91 miles away.
The Opposed Wind Farm.
The proposal is to raise two 750kwh Wind turbines across the Jack Mytton Way at Meadowley. At present the proposal is at a public 'consultation' stage with the local community and no concrete planning application to Shropshire Council has been put in yet. The small hamlet of Meadowley is the site for the proposed wind farm; it will be built on top of Meadowley and stretch out across the Jack Mytton Way. This area is one of Shropshire's most famous 'flagship' bridle paths enjoyed by tens of thousands of riders, walkers and bicyclists every year. The proposal states that each turbine will tower 80m high and will stand either side of a rough dirt road that will allow rides, walkers and cyclists to pass directly through the wind farm. 
However, the community of Chetton are incredibly concerned about the proposed wind farm. They believe that it will 'degrade' the local historic landscape. There have been huge campaigns to prevent the development in the area as they also believe that judging by past experiences elsewhere around Britain it could turn the parishes from Chettong to Morville and Upton Cressett into an unsightly forest of turbines.

</doc>
<doc id="20014041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014041" title="Charles des Jammonières">
Charles des Jammonières

Charles des Jammonières (April 18, 1902 – August 16, 1970) was a French sport shooter who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics, in the 1948 Summer Olympics, and in the 1956 Summer Olympics.
In 1936 he won the bronze medal in the 50 metre pistol event. He also participated in the 25 metre rapid fire pistol competition but was eliminated in the first round.

</doc>
<doc id="20014047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014047" title="Winks Panorama">
Winks Panorama

Winks Panorama, also known as Winks Lodge, was a hotel near Pinecliffe, Colorado catering to African-American tourists during the early and middle 20th century. The lodge was built in the Lincoln Hills Country Club, which was at the time the only African-American resort in the western United States. The Lincoln Hills club was organized in 1922, selling lots with payments as low as $5.00 down and $5.00 per month. The lodge was built by Obrey Wendell "Winks" Hamlet in 1928. Hamlet had been involved in the original club project, and had been assembling land for a lodge since 1925. The Wall Street Crash of 1929 caused many lots in Lincoln Hills to be abandoned, but Hamlet promoted the lodge nationally through advertisements in "Ebony" and attracted a clientele from the eastern United States. 
The hillside lodge used local stone for the foundation, with a three-story shingled superstructure. The first floor was for service and storage, the second for dining and entertainment, and the third included six guest rooms and a shared bath. Several cabins surrounded the main lodge, including a honeymoon cabin and a tavern.
Prominent guests included Count Basie, Billy Eckstein, Duke Ellington, Lena Horne, Langston Hughes and Zora Neale Hurston. 
The lodge operated until Winks' death in 1965. It is presently owned by the James Beckwourth Mountain Club, which has undertaken restoration of the lodge as a conference center. Winks Panorama was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on March 28, 1980.
See also.
Other African-American resorts included:

</doc>
<doc id="20014053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014053" title="Cegelnica">
Cegelnica

Cegelnica () is a settlement in the Municipality of Naklo in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20014075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014075" title="Sharon Gómez">
Sharon Gómez

Sharon Haydée Gómez Díaz (born January 4, 1986) is a Puerto Rican beauty pageant titleholder. Sharon previously held the title of Miss Puerto Rico International 2006 in which later on she placed as finalist at the Miss International 2006 pageant. In early 2008 Sharon participated in the reality show Nuestra Belleza Latina, however she failed to become one the final twelve contestants. Most recently Sharon placed 3rd Runner-up at the Miss Hawaiian Tropic 2008 pageant and 2nd Runner-up at the Miss Puerto Rico Universe 2009 pageant where she represented Santurce.

</doc>
<doc id="20014086" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014086" title="Ronny Hebestreit">
Ronny Hebestreit

Ronny Hebestreit (born 9 January 1975 in Gotha) is a German former footballer. Hebestreit scored 113 goals in 329 appearances for Rot-Weiß Erfurt, over two spells, making him the club's second top goalscorer of all time, behind Jürgen Heun. He has also played for Hallescher FC, ZFC Meuselwitz and Bayern Munich II.

</doc>
<doc id="20014088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014088" title="Campo Municipal da Nogueira">
Campo Municipal da Nogueira

Campo Municipal da Nogueira is the home stadium of Associação Desportiva da Camacha (AD Camacha), an football team from the Portuguese island of Madeira. The stadium has a capacity of 3,300. The current stadium has one stand around the stadium which is on the west side of the stadium and has engraved on the spectators seats the name of the club in blue. The stadium was built when the club was founded in 1978.

</doc>
<doc id="20014105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014105" title="Powązki (disambiguation)">
Powązki (disambiguation)

Powązki may also refer to the following villages:

</doc>
<doc id="20014106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014106" title="Alexander Autographs">
Alexander Autographs

Alexander Autographs is an auctioneer of historic militaria, autographs, manuscripts, relics, and other collectibles. Based in Chesapeake City, Maryland, the auction house first opened its doors to bidders in 1993. Patrons can attend auctions in the traditional floor style in the company's Maryland offices, or they can bid via a phone proxy, or use the internet to bid in real-time.
Overview.
Alexander's typically holds three to four auctions per year, and concentrates on the following categories: Militaria of all types, Colonial and Revolutionary War; The War Between the States; Americana; Presidents and Vice Presidents; Supreme Court, Cabinet Members & Politicians; Royalty and Heads of State; Military Leaders; Scientists and Inventors; Aviators, Explorers, Astronauts; Business Leaders; Authors and Writers; Artists, Illustrators and Animation Art; Composers and Musicians; Entertainers; Rock and Roll; Notables and the Notorious; and Sports.
Alexander Autographs is smaller than the three major auction houses. However, the company seems to have carved out a definite niche in the market over the past 25 years, becoming famous for its high-dollar controversial sales.
Notable and controversial sales.
October 2005.
Alexander Autographs auctioned off a gold Rolex wristwatch inscribed with a message from Marilyn Monroe to President John F. Kennedy. The message reads: JACK, With love as always, from MARILYN May 29, 1962, only ten days after her famous "Happy Birthday" performance at Madison Square Garden. Included in the watch case is a poem from Monroe to Kennedy ending with a passionate plea: "Let me love or let me die!" The watch and accompanying items sold for $120,000 to an anonymous East Coast collector.
February 2006.
Alexander Autographs was forced to withdraw a letter it was auctioning, purporting to be from Ronald Reagan and written during the President's later years while he suffered with Alzheimer's. The letter's content—hand-written annotations and references to the disease, was reported upon by CBS News, U.S. News & World Report, and other media. Bill Panagopulos, company president, withdrew the item when it was discovered to have been forged and advised the press that he had been "duped" by a forger. 
August 2008.
Alexander Autographs found itself embroiled in a row with eBay, the online auction house, when eBay refused to run Alexander's Nazi and other German World War II items on its website. Alexander's complied, but issued a statement on its own website adding that, "Though these items are indeed controversial, we maintain that they are of vital historic importance and cannot and must not be ignored."
November 2008.
Alexander Autographs received news coverage when the company announced plans to auction two particular items in the November 6–7 auction: the flight suit of Paul Tibbets and secret audio tapes from Jack Ruby's legal defense team. Tibbets, a colonel during World War II, flew the Hiroshima bombing mission—the auction house offered the very suit he wore on that mission and the Distinguished Service Cross Tibbets earned for his actions. Additionally, Alexander's uncovered taped conversations between Ruby's defense team, including attorney Melvin Belli, that called into question Ruby's contention that Oswald's murder was an unintentional act. 

</doc>
<doc id="20014112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014112" title="Mikhail Nikolayevich Smirnov">
Mikhail Nikolayevich Smirnov

Mikhail Nikolayevich Smirnov () (born in 1881 in Moscow; died in 1957) was an association football player.
International career.
Smirnov made his debut for Russia on June 30, 1912 in a 1912 Olympics game against Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="20014133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014133" title="Daha">
Daha

Daha may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20014146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014146" title="Blanice">
Blanice

Blanice (German:"Blanitz") may refer to various locations in the Czech Republic:

</doc>
<doc id="20014147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014147" title="City Club of Cleveland">
City Club of Cleveland

The City Club of Cleveland was incorporated in 1912 as a non-partisan forum for debate. The club's home is the City Club Building, formerly the Citizens Building. Known as "America's Citadel of Free Speech", it is the longest continuous independent free speech forum in the country and generally considered one of the top three speaking forums in America.
Membership is open to anyone and all programs are open to the general public, although members are charged lower prices to attend most forums and given preference in making reservations to certain programs.
Speakers.
The City Club has hosted sitting U.S. Presidents and Vice-Presidents and other notable citizens of the United States and the world. Archbishop Desmond Tutu called the club "a beacon, a symbol and a sentinel for freedom, for justice, for tolerance" when he spoke there. 
The first President to have appeared at the City Club was Theodore Roosevelt; every President since Jimmy Carter has appeared at its podium. President George W. Bush spoke to the club on the third anniversary of the United States' invasion of Iraq. Because the City Club of Cleveland does not allow questions from the audience to be pre-screened, President Ronald Reagan declined to appear before the Club, but when questions were raised by the media about his mental acuity, Reagan sought out an appearance before the Club to refute those charges.
The day after Martin Luther King, Jr. was assassinated in 1968, Senator Robert F. Kennedy gave his "On the Mindless Menace of Violence" speech at the club. 
In 1976, as part of the United States Bicentennial, the club held a forum in Britain, the club's first outside the United States. 
Debates before the Club have swayed Ohio elections. Before John Glenn defeated Howard Metzenbaum in the 1974 Democratic Senate primary, Glenn responded to a charge in an earlier debate that he never had to make a payroll:
During the 2010 Congressional elections, in which the Republicans regained control of the House of Representatives, John Boehner on August 24, 2010, announced a five-point plan at the club that he said would provide an effective economic alternative to the Democrats’ course.
Sometimes politicians avoid appearing at its forums because it would provide exposure to their opponents in a political race. Congressman Dennis Kucinich, who complained vociferously about being excluded from debates among the Democratic candidates for President, has several times refused to debate his opponent for Congress in The City Club of Cleveland debates.
The club has been criticized for bestowing its "Citadel of Free Speech" award upon Justice Antonin Scalia, who then refused to allow his speech to be broadcast. The Board of Trustees of The City Club defended its actions by noting that the press was welcome to attend the special presentation and report upon the event. Other recipients of the Citadel of Free Speech award include John Glenn, Martin Luther King's aide, U.N. Ambassador Andrew Young, and CNN founder Ted Turner.
Friday Forum.
The City Club's Friday Forum is broadcast live on the radio in more than 40 states from Maine to Alaska. The broadcast is initiated live on WCPN in Cleveland, Ohio, with an encore broadcast Friday evening on sister station WCLV. Most stations, including the Clear Channel station group in Cleveland, airs the Friday forum as part of their Sunday morning public service requirements.
Notable guests.
and many more.

</doc>
<doc id="20014148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014148" title="Ergün Teber">
Ergün Teber

Ergün Teber (born 9 September 1985 in Adana, Turkey) is a Turkish football who currently plays for Konyaspor as a left back.

</doc>
<doc id="20014150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014150" title="Hanoi Radio Television">
Hanoi Radio Television

Hanoi Radio Television () is the official radio and television network of Hanoi, the capital of Vietnam. Its headquarters is on Huỳnh Thúc Kháng Boulevard, and Đống Đa District represents its network logo. 
It currently owns 1 radio channel and 3 television channels:

</doc>
<doc id="20014174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014174" title="Buckeye High School">
Buckeye High School

Buckeye High School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20014188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014188" title="He Knew He Was Right (TV serial)">
He Knew He Was Right (TV serial)

He Knew He Was Right was a 2004 BBC TV adaptation of the Anthony Trollope novel "He Knew He Was Right". It was directed by Tom Vaughan.

</doc>
<doc id="20014196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014196" title="Henry Southwell (bishop)">
Henry Southwell (bishop)

Henry Kemble Southwell (1860 – 9 March 1937) was the third Bishop of Lewes from 1920 until 1926.
Born in 1860, and educated at Charterhouse and Magdalen College, Oxford, he held curacies at Ellesmere in Shropshire, St Clement's in Bournemouth and St Nicolas in Guildford; then incumbencies at Chetton and Bodmin before becoming a Canon Residentiary of Chichester Cathedral. Elevated to the Episcopate, initially with the additional title of Archdeacon of Lewes, in 1920 he held office for six years and died on 9 March 1937, his son having predeceased him during the First World War. A fund initiated after his death yielded enough contributions to provide a memorial, which can be seen at St Cuthman Whitehawk in Brighton.

</doc>
<doc id="20014209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014209" title="Graphical game theory">
Graphical game theory

In game theory, the common ways to describe a game are the normal form and the extensive form. The graphical form is an alternate compact representation of a game using the interaction among participants.
Consider a game with formula_1 players with formula_2 strategies each. We will represent the players as nodes in a graph in which each player has a utility function that depends only on him and his neighbors. As the utility function depends on fewer other players, the graphical representation would be smaller.
Formal definition.
A graphical game is represented by a graph formula_3, in which each player is represented by a node, and there is an edge between two nodes formula_4 and formula_5 iff their utility functions are depended on the strategy which the other player will choose . Each node formula_4 in formula_3 has a function formula_8, where formula_9 is the degree of vertex formula_4. formula_11 specifies the utility of player formula_4 as a function of his strategy as well as those of his neighbors.
The size of the game's representation.
For a general formula_1 players game, in which each player has formula_2 possible strategies, the size of a normal form representation would be formula_15. The size of the graphical representation for this game is formula_16 where formula_17 is the maximal node degree in the graph. If formula_18, then the graphical game representation is much smaller.
An example.
In case where each player's utility function depends only on one other player:
The maximal degree of the graph is 1, and the game can be described as formula_1 functions (tables) of size formula_20. So, the total size of the input will be formula_21.
Nash equilibrium.
Finding Nash equilibrium in a game takes exponential time in the size of the representation. If the graphical representation of the game is a tree, we can find the equilibrium in polynomial time. In the general case, where the maximal degree of a node is 3 or more, the problem is NP-complete.

</doc>
<doc id="20014213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014213" title="Romanians in Spain">
Romanians in Spain

Romanians in Spain form the largest group of foreigners in the country, having surpassed Moroccans in 2007. , they made up 14.2% of Spain's total foreign population of 5,598,691 people. Most of the immigration is for economic reasons, as many Romanians from rural and underdeveloped areas are attracted by the higher wages of Spain, the linguistic similarities between Romanian and Spanish, as well as Romanians' Latin identity are also a reason for the country's attractiveness.
After reaching nearly 900.000 people in the first decade of the 21st century, the Romanian population has been steadily decreasing as a result of emigration from Spain since 2012, reaching 769,608 people in 2013 [http://www.ine.es/en/prensa/np822_en.pdf][http://www.ine.es/en/prensa/np788_en.pdf].

</doc>
<doc id="20014215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014215" title="Gobovce">
Gobovce

Gobovce is a settlement on the right bank of the Sava River in the Municipality of Naklo in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="20014218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014218" title="Nikolai Sokolov (footballer)">
Nikolai Sokolov (footballer)

Nikolai Yevgrafovich Sokolov () (born May 12, 1897 in Moscow; died December 15, 1988 in Razliv, Leningrad Oblast) was a Soviet football player.
International career.
Sokolov made his debut for USSR on November 16, 1924 in a friendly against Turkey.

</doc>
<doc id="20014219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014219" title="Willem Ripperda">
Willem Ripperda

Willem, Baron Ripperda, Lord of Hengelo, Boekelo, Boxbergen, Rijsenburg and Solmsburg (Twente, 1600 – Hengelo, 1669), Ambassador at the peace conferences of Osnabrück and Münster which ended both the Thirty Years' War in Germany and the Eighty Years' War between Spain and the Netherlands.
Willem was the son of Baron Unico Ripperda van Boxbergen, drost of Twente, and Anna van Doetinchem. The old, noble House of Ripperda originally came from Groningen. In 1627 he married Aleyd van den Bouchorst tot Wimmenum.
Willem Ripperda left his military career in 1623. In 1631 he was elected to represent the Privince of Overijssel at the States-General of the Netherlands in The Hague. He was a loyal supporter of the Prince of Orange and was sent to the peace negotiations in Osnabrück and Münster in 1644. These resulted in the signing of the Peace of Westphalia.

</doc>
<doc id="20014221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014221" title="Laura, Kentucky">
Laura, Kentucky

Laura is an unincorporated community in Martin County, Kentucky, United States. It is located at (37.7259317, -82.4429252) at an elevation of 676 feet (206 m). The zip code is 41250.

</doc>
<doc id="20014253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014253" title="Norwegian Official Report">
Norwegian Official Report

A Norwegian Official Report (, NOU) is a report published by a panel or committee appointed by the Norwegian government. The Norwegian Parliament may request the government to establish such a committee.

</doc>
<doc id="20014257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014257" title="List of Charvet customers">
List of Charvet customers

Charvet Place Vendôme or simply Charvet is a French high-end bespoke and ready-to-wear shirtmaker, located at 28 Place Vendôme in Paris.
Its list of customers is notable for its time span, Charvet existing since 1838 and having been the first shirt store ever, and as a paradigm of an international "aristo-dandy crossover community". In the 19th century, the shirtmaker both specialized in "royal haberdashery" and attracted the patronage of artists. In the 20th century, with the development of fashion design, designers and fashion journalists became a significant customer group. Some other customers' interest in the brand has become a notable aspect of their personality. In keeping with a tradition of discretion of French Couture houses, the company declines to comment on its customers list, as a service to its customers.

</doc>
<doc id="20014263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014263" title="Shree Nagar">
Shree Nagar

Shree Nagar may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20014266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014266" title="1993 Grand Prix Hassan II – Singles">
1993 Grand Prix Hassan II – Singles

Guillermo Pérez-Roldán was the defending champion.
Pérez-Roldán successfully defended his title, defeating Younes El Aynaoui 6–4, 6–3 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="20014279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014279" title="Julio Cesar Serrano">
Julio Cesar Serrano

Julio Cesar Serrano (born 1 March 1981) is an Argentine football midfielder, who plays for Nueva Chicago in Argentina. He was traded to Slovan from the Argentine club Nueva Chicago in January 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="20014285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014285" title="Martin Dobrotka">
Martin Dobrotka

Martin Dobrotka (born 22 January 1985) is a Slovak football defender who currently plays for SK Slavia Prague.
He is well known for scoring hand goal on 23 April 2011, remarkably similar to Maradona's 'Hand of God' goal against England on 1986 World Cup. He scored with his hand after free kick of his team ŠK Slovan Bratislava in an away league match against FC Nitra in 89th minute and it turned out to be winning goal (result 0:1).
Club career.
Dobrotka spent a year and a half in the Czech Gambrinus liga with SK Dynamo České Budějovice and also one season in FC Rimavská Sobota.
International career.
He made his first appearance Slovakia national team on 11 February 2009 against Cyprus in Limassol.

</doc>
<doc id="20014299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014299" title="Jozef Valachovič">
Jozef Valachovič

Jozef Valachovič (born 12 July 1975) is a Slovak footballer who plays for ŠK Slovan Bratislava in the Corgoň Liga. He played 33 matches for the Slovak national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="20014301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014301" title="Drink 1, Give 10">
Drink 1, Give 10

Volvic's "Drink 1, Give 10" is a campaign created to bring safe drinking water to children in Africa. For each liter of Volvic bottled water purchased in the U.S. and Canada between April 1 and August 31 in 2008 and 2009, Volvic makes a donation of four cents to the U.S. Fund for UNICEF to provide at least ten liters of clean, safe drinking water to residents in two rural districts of the Benishangul-Gumuz region of western Ethiopia, where more than half the population lack access to safe water and sanitation facilities.
History.
Volvic's partnership with UNICEF began in Germany in 2005, and has since expanded to France in 2006, Japan in 2007, and the U.S. in Canada in 2008. 
UNICEF projects funded by Volvic globally are currently providing clean drinking water to thousands of children in Ethiopia, Niger and Mali. Since the program's inception, over $3 million has been donated to support UNICEF's water programs in Africa.
Impact of "Drink 1, Give 10".
The funds generated through Volvic's "Drink 1, Give 10" campaign in 2008 and 2009 will help UNICEF to improve the health of community members in the Benishangul-Gumuz region of western Ethiopia by increasing access to sustainable water supply through the construction of water supply systems, including the construction and rehabilitation of wells.
The funds raised through the "Drink 1, Give 10" campaign will not only enable UNICEF to dramatically increase the availability of clean water, but also to fund a fully integrated water and sanitation package, ensuring maximum benefit to the community. Thanks to Volvic's donation over the course of the two-year campaign, thousands of community members will receive water supply, sanitation and hygiene education services in western Ethiopia.
Kim Raver: The spokesperson.
Volvic named actress Kim Raver as spokesperson for the "Drink 1, Give 10" campaign to benefit UNICEF in North America. As a mother of two young children, Kim was interested in supporting this initiative from the very first moment she heard about it and was eager to join Volvic in supporting UNICEF.
She is committed to using her voice to help build awareness and ensure the success of the "Drink 1 Give 10" campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="20014320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014320" title="Bradley Branch">
Bradley Branch

The Bradley Branch or Bradley Locks Branch was a short canal of the Birmingham Canal Navigations in West Midlands (county), England. It is now disused and largely dry.
History.
The Bradley Branch was built in two distinct phases. The first phase began on the Broadwaters Extension of the Wednesbury Canal, later known as the Walsall Canal, after its extension to Walsall Town Basin, which was completed in 1799. From Moorcroft Junction, the branch ascended through three locks, to reach the collieries at Bradley Hall, and was opened in 1796. The Wyrley and Essington Canal merged with the Birmingham Canal Navigations in 1840, and links between the two canal systems included the Walsall Extension Canal, which ran northwards from Walsall to meet the Wyrley and Essington at Birchills Junction. With the Walsall Canal now providing a link to the south or the north, six locks were built in a straight line from the Wednesbury Oak Loop of the BCN Old Main Line to the Bradley Hall line, which was straightened and its three locks rebuilt. It was opened in 1849, becoming known as the Bradley Branch or Bradley Locks Branch, and closed in 1961.
Remains.
Today the western seven locks and canal have been filled in and are used as a public path and open space. The eastern two locks have been restored, filled in and culverted, with the canal remaining as a reed-filled stream as far as Moorcroft Junction. The Birmingham Canal Navigations Society have suggested the route as one which could possibly be restored, since the only structure which obstructs such a plan is a bridge at the end of the navigable section of the Wednesbury Oak Branch, and it would open up some additional circular cruising routes.
Restoration Proposals.
In November 2013, following discussions with other interested parties, the West Midlands Waterway Partnership agreed to seek funding for a detailed feasibility study into restoration of the Bradley Canal.
Route.
The canal left the Walsall Canal at Moorcroft Junction. As the towpath was on the northern bank, there was a towpath bridge immediately to the north of the junction. To the south of the canal was a sand pit, already marked "old" in 1890, and a chemical works, while to the north was Moorcroft Old Colliery. The southern site is now occupied by industrial units, while much of the colliery site has become Moorcroft Wood. The south-western corner was occupied by an isolation hospital in 1937, and the north-western edge is now occupied by Moorcroft Wood Primary School. There was a small basin to the south of the canal, just before the first lock was reached. Another basin turned off to the north after the lock. The Great Western Railway crossed immediately after the lock.
A further basin on the north bank served Tank Foundry in 1890, but by 1937, the works had expanded and the basin had been closed. The whole complex was labelled Bradley Boiler and Engineering Works in 1937, and straddled the road, called Oak Road in 1890, but later renamed Great Bridge Road, which is still its modern name. The road crossed the canal at Bradley Bridge, below the second lock and a triangular basin on the south bank, which served a colliery. To the south was a large expanse of workings, labelled Willingsworth Collieries, but already disused in 1890. The third lock was immediately west of the road bridge, and another large basin serving the engineering works was located just above it.
To the north of the next section lay Bradley Colliery. Pits 1 and 2 were close to the canal and were served by a basin. A tramway ran from the basin to pits 3 and 4 in 1903. To the south was a long basin, which left the main line opposite the north basin. It ran to some coal shafts. Housing had been built along its eastern edge by 1938, with the construction of Myrtle Terrace, and by 1967, over half of it had been filled in, and the far end was occupied by houses on Bartlett Close, although the middle section had been used to lengthen the gardens on Myrtle Terrace. Four more locks followed, after which there was a basin on the south bank which served the Wednesbury Oak Iron Works. A network of canals at a higher level, which joined the Wednesbury Oak Loop also served the area, but had been filled in by 1919, when a network of railway sidings served the adjacent Wednesbury Oak Furnaces. The furnaces and sidings had all disappeared by 1937. The final two locks raised the level to the Wolverhampton Level of the Wednesbury Oak Loop. The section where it joined was a straight cut, made to bypass a much longer loop, which broadly followed the boundary of the Weddell Wynd Community Woodland.
One feature of the canal which is obvious from the maps concerns the locks. Locks 2 and 4 to 8 all have a central island in the middle of a wide canal, with a lock on the north side, and a large structure labelled ""overflow"" at the downstream end of the south side. It makes the canal look like a river navigation, although there is no evidence for a similar structure at locks 1, 3 or 9.

</doc>
<doc id="20014349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014349" title="Stanislav Angelovič">
Stanislav Angelovič

Stanislav Angelovič (born 26 March 1982) is a Slovak footballer. 
He recently played for MŠK Žilina in the Corgoň Liga. His former clubs include FC Senec and Israeli club Maccabi Netanya. He signed a three year contract with Slovan in July 2008 before moving to his current club in June 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="20014382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014382" title="Lukáš Nachtman">
Lukáš Nachtman

Lukáš Nachtman (born 11 May 1984 in Prague) is a Czech footballer who plays for FC Neded in the Slovak Third League.
Career.
Nachtman began his career with FC Tempo Prague and joined Junior Praha in 1997, where he played for one year, signing for SK Slavia Prague in 1998. He played for the reserve team of Slavia before making his début for the senior side on 2 August 2003 against FK Chmel Blšany. In 2004 Nachtman joined Blšany on loan. Nachtman subsequently returned to Slavia before signing for Slovak side FC Rimavská Sobota on 28 February 2008. He left the club after six months and signed for ŠK Slovan Bratislava on 16 June 2008 and later signed a loan deal with FC Artmedia Petržalka in February 2009.
International.
Nachtman played for his homeland Czech Republic at under-17 level, later also playing for the under-19s and under-20s.

</doc>
<doc id="20014384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014384" title="RBHS">
RBHS

RBHS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20014387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014387" title="Grey Nuns Community Hospital">
Grey Nuns Community Hospital

The Grey Nuns Community Hospital is an acute care hospital located in the Mill Woods area of south Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. The Grey Nuns Community Hospital provides a full range of services including a 24-hour Emergency Department. The 14-bed tertiary palliative care unit is known for its delivery of care and teaching practices. The hospital traces its roots to the Grey Nuns of Montreal who sent Sister Emery (Zoe LeBlanc), Adel Lamy and Alphonse (Marie Jacques) to the Edmonton area in 1859.
Main services.
The Grey Nuns Community Hospital offers a wide range of services.

</doc>
<doc id="20014396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014396" title="Peter Struhár">
Peter Struhár

Peter Struhár (born 17 January 1984) is a Slovak footballer, who currently plays for Pápa.
Struhár played for Czech football team 1. FC Slovácko.

</doc>
<doc id="20014401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014401" title="Sicilian regional election, 1996">
Sicilian regional election, 1996

The Sicilian regional election of 1996 was held on 16 June 1996.
The Sicilian Regional Assembly resulted very fragmented after the election and it was difficult to form a stable governmening coalition. Between 1996 and 2001 the Region was thus government by a succession of short-lived governments.
Results.
Source: Istituto Cattaneo

</doc>
<doc id="20014404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014404" title="Pyotr Sorokin">
Pyotr Sorokin

Pyotr Yefimovich Sorokin () (born in 1889 in Saint Petersburg; died in 1942) was an association football player.
International career.
Sorokin made his debut for Russia on July 14, 1912 in a friendly against Hungary.

</doc>
<doc id="20014406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014406" title="Ľubomír Meszároš">
Ľubomír Meszároš

Club career.
Meszároš spent two seasons in the Turkish Super Lig, with Elazığspor and Adanaspor, and one season in the Greek Super League with Panionios FC.
International career.
Meszároš has made eight appearances for the full Slovakia national football team.

</doc>
<doc id="20014408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014408" title="Requiem (Fisher novel)">
Requiem (Fisher novel)

Requiem is a novel by the American writer A. E. Fisher set during the Great Depression in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. It tells the story of a week in the life of a family of six struggling to survive.

</doc>
<doc id="20014418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014418" title="William Evans (judge)">
William Evans (judge)

William Evans (1846 or 1847 – 15 February 1918) was a Welsh judge and legal writer.
Life.
Evans was the third son of James Evans of Merthyr Tydfil, south Wales. He matriculated at the University of Oxford in 1868 at the age of 21 as a non-collegiate student, transferring to Jesus College, Oxford in 1869. He obtained two BA degrees: Literae Humaniores in 1872 (3rd class) and Jurisprudence in 1873 (4th class). He was called to the Bar by Inner Temple in 1874. He was a member of the Wales and Chester Circuit and went on commissions to France, Spain and Australia. He wrote on legal topics, including the law of principal and agent, and also on the poetry of Wales. He was appointed as a county court judge in 1897, assigned to mid-Wales. He died whilst sitting at Oswestry County Court on 15 February 1918.

</doc>
<doc id="20014422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014422" title="My Princess Academy">
My Princess Academy

My Princess Academy is a website and same-named attendant virtual princess world that empowers girls to be a “new kind of Princess” by teaching the “4 Pillars” of being a real princess -- generosity, intelligence, beauty and confidence. Created for girls ages three to seven, My Princess Academy lets girls create their own princess avatar, princess room, and play games and activities. The brand also teaches girls how to become their own kind of princesses - their best selves, defined not only by physical beauty but by inner beauty. 
The website is home to the My Princess Academy Shop where parents can purchase products with unique codes that allow girls to enter special areas of the castle. Each product comes with a Virtue Saying that helps reinforce the theme of girl empowerment and helps celebrate the inner-strength in all girls. 
My Princess Academy was a participant in the 2008 Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade with a new castle float featuring the pop group, The Clique Girlz. The Castle of Dreams float is embellished with the four guiding pillars of real Princesses and includes a vivid depiction of the enchanted castle. The castle features four turrets of sparkling pink and royal purple with waving bright flags rising high above the float which is covered by over 230,000 flecks of glitter. My Princess Academy also is a participant in the 2010 
Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade
The site is owned and operated by Almar Sales Company of New York, a wholesaler of beauty and hair accessories under brands including "Expression", "Princess Expressions", "Style Essentials", "Simply Sweet", "Bath Buddies" and under license, "French Toast", "Bratz", "ELLE" and "ELLE Girl", and "Suave Value". The gaming site was primarily flash-based as of 2010 and is credited to agency "The Buddy Group" of Irvine and San Francisco, California, while the sales site is credited to "BlueSwitch".
The Washington D.C. affiliate of the US Public Interest Research Group claims in a November 23, 2010 statement that an accessory "manufactured by Almar Sales and available in local K-Mart stores contains 87 ppm lead." Almar responded in press release of the same date that the "product in question, PRINCESS TIARA AND JEWELRY SET, meets United States Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act of 2008 regulations."

</doc>
<doc id="20014443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014443" title="Christmasville">
Christmasville

Christmasville is Mannheim Steamroller's tenth Christmas album. It was released in 2008 on CD by American Gramaphone and features 13 Christmas songs. It contains a series of songs made for Universal Studios Florida for their "Grinchmas" event.

</doc>
<doc id="20014458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014458" title="Jerzy Browkin">
Jerzy Browkin

Jerzy Browkin (born 1934) is a Polish mathematician, studying mainly algebraic number theory. He is a professor at the Institute of Mathematics of the Polish Academy of Sciences. In 1994, together with Juliusz Brzeziński, he formulated the "n"-conjecture—a version of the "abc" conjecture involving "n" > 2 integers.

</doc>
<doc id="20014467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014467" title="List of Knight's Cross recipients 9th SS Panzer Division Hohenstaufen">
List of Knight's Cross recipients 9th SS Panzer Division Hohenstaufen

The 9th SS Panzer Division "Hohenstaufen"., also known as SS-Panzergrenadier-Division 9, SS-Panzergrenadier-Division 9 "Hohenstaufen" or 9. SS-Panzer-Division "Hohenstaufen", was a German Waffen-SS armoured division which saw action on both the Eastern and Western Fronts during World War II. It was formed, in France in February 1943, mainly formed from "Reichsarbeitdienst" (RAD) conscripts. Originally, it was designated as a Panzergrenadier division, but in October 1943 it was promoted to full Panzer Division status. At its formation, "Hohenstaufen" was commanded by SS-Obergruppenführer Willi Bittrich. The title "Hohenstaufen" came from the Hohenstaufen dynasty, a Germanic noble family who produced a number of kings and emperors in the 12th and 13th centuries AD. It is believed that the division was named specifically after Friedrich II, who lived from 1194-1250.
The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and its higher grades were based on four separate enactments. The first enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 1573" of September 1, 1939 instituted the Iron Cross and the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. As the war progressed some of the recipients distinguished themselves further and a higher grade, the Oak Leaves to Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was instituted. The Oak Leaves, as they were commonly referred to, were based on the enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 849" of June 3, 1940. In 1941 two higher grades of the Knight's Cross were instituted. The enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 613" of September 28, 1941 introduced the Knight’s Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords and the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves, Swords and Diamonds. At the end of 1944 the last and final grade, the Knight's Cross with Golden Oak Leaves, Swords, and Diamonds, based on the enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt 1945 I S. 11" of December 29, 1944 concluded the variants of the Knight's Cross.
Prerequisites.
To qualify for the Knight's Cross, a soldier had to already hold the 1939 Iron Cross First Class, though the Iron Cross I Class was awarded concurrently with the Knight's Cross in rare cases.
Unit commanders could also be awarded the medal for exemplary conduct by the unit as a whole.
Grades.
The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was divided into five grades, excluding the Grand Cross of the Iron Cross:

</doc>
<doc id="20014469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014469" title="Achalgadh">
Achalgadh

Achalgadh is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2497 people living in 467 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20014472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014472" title="1954–55 Toronto Maple Leafs season">
1954–55 Toronto Maple Leafs season

The 1954–55 Toronto Maple Leafs season saw the Maple Leafs finish in third place in the National Hockey League (NHL) with a record of 24 wins, 24 losses, and 22 ties for 70 points. They were swept in the semi-finals by the eventual Stanley Cup champion Detroit Red Wings.

</doc>
<doc id="20014480" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014480" title="Quantum of Solace (disambiguation)">
Quantum of Solace (disambiguation)

Quantum of Solace can refer to several topics related to James Bond:

</doc>
<doc id="20014483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014483" title="Arnaha, Janakpur">
Arnaha, Janakpur

Arnaha is a Village Development Committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2618 people residing in 447 individual households. 

</doc>
<doc id="20014489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014489" title="J. K. Annand">
J. K. Annand

James King Annand MBE (2 February 1908 - 8 June 1993) was a Scottish poet best known for his children's poems. 
Biography.
Born at Edinburgh to plumber William Annand and his wife Maggie Gold, educated at Broughton Secondary School, he graduated from Edinburgh University in 1930 and later taught at schools in Edinburgh and Whithorn. Annand also translated poetry and fiction from German and medieval Latin into Scots. He was the founding editor of "Lallans", a magazine for writing in Scots published by the Scots Language Society, from 1973 to 1983.
He died in Edinburgh in 1993. 

</doc>
<doc id="20014490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014490" title="Andrei Suvorov">
Andrei Suvorov

Andrei Kononovich Suvorov () (1887 in Saint Petersburg - 1917) was an association football player.
International career.
Suvorov played his only game for Russia on July 14, 1912 in a friendly against Hungary.

</doc>
<doc id="20014495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014495" title="Atrouli">
Atrouli

Atrouli is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4888 people living in 894 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20014499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014499" title="Malo Naklo">
Malo Naklo

Malo Naklo is a small settlement in the Municipality of Naklo in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. It was much reduced by the building of the new motorway and only two houses remain.

</doc>
<doc id="20014501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014501" title="Tony Gill">
Tony Gill

Anthony Dean "Tony" Gill (born 6 March 1968) is an English former professional footballer who spent his entire, short-lived professional career with Manchester United.
Born in Bradford, Yorkshire, Gill joined Manchester United as an apprentice in June 1984, and turned professional on his 18th birthday in March 1986. His first team debut for the club came 10 months later, when he stood in for Bryan Robson in a 1–1 draw away to Southampton on 3 January 1987. However, he was then diagnosed with problems with his Achilles tendon and it took two operations before he could return to first team action nearly two years later. In fact, he did not play at all between January and August 1988.
Upon his return to the first team, Gill became an established member of the squad, playing in various roles in both defence and midfield. 
He scored twice for United at senior level; the first in the FA Cup third round replay against QPR at Loftus Road on 11 January 1989 – 10 days after a fine performance in the 3–1 home league win over rivals Liverpool. His next goal came three days after, on 14 January, in a 3–0 home win over Millwall in the league.
On 27 March 1989, Gill came off worse in an accidental collision with Nottingham Forest defender Brian Laws in a 2-0 league defeat at the City Ground, suffering a broken leg and a shattered ankle. Gill never played professional football again, announcing his retirement on medical advice the following year.
Not to be discouraged, upon his recovery, Gill went into coaching and took a job as youth coach at Bristol Rovers. He joined Bath City in March 1997 as assistant to manager Steve Millard, also making two first team appearances to briefly revive his playing career after eight years out of action. He was released by Bath in September 1997 for financial reasons and later retired from football altogether.

</doc>
<doc id="20014505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014505" title="Aurahi, Sarlahi">
Aurahi, Sarlahi

Aurahi is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4603 people living in 796 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20014509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014509" title="Estate (album)">
Estate (album)

Estate is a jazz album by Michel Petrucciani.
The album was recorded in the Forum Recording Studio, Rome during the spring of 1982. The title is the Italian word for "summer", pronounced .

</doc>
<doc id="20014511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014511" title="Babarganj">
Babarganj

Babarganj is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7405 people living in 1353 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20014520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014520" title="Bagdaha, Nepal">
Bagdaha, Nepal

Bagdaha is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4124 people living in 775 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20014525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014525" title="Bahadurpur, Sarlahi">
Bahadurpur, Sarlahi

Bahadurpur is a Village Development Committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1129 people residing in 202 individual households. 

</doc>
<doc id="20014527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014527" title="Metal Fatigue (album)">
Metal Fatigue (album)

Metal Fatigue is the third studio album by guitarist Allan Holdsworth, released in 1985 through Enigma Records (United States) and JMS–Cream Records (Europe).

</doc>
<doc id="20014532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014532" title="Balara, Nepal">
Balara, Nepal

Balara is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4673 people living in 863 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20014539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014539" title="Bara Udhoran">
Bara Udhoran

Bara Udhoran is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3338 people living in 613 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20014545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014545" title="Sisters in Law">
Sisters in Law

Sisters in Law: Stories from a Cameroon Court is a feature-length documentary film by Florence Ayisi and Kim Longinotto portraying aspects of women's lives and work in the judicial system in Cameroon, West Africa.
Plot.
The film centres around four cases in Cameroon involving violence against women. It shows women seeking justice and effecting change on universal human interests issues. It also shows strong and positive images of women and children in Cameroon.
Portrays the lives of women in children in Cameroon and living by the Islamic law (Sharia law.) In addition, the cases that are examined within the film particularly deal mainly with the inequality of women and children. Specifically one of the children was beaten with a cane and the aunt was charged with child abuse.
Reception.
"Sisters In Law" has been screened in over 120 film festivals around the world, and also in Art House cinemas in Europe and USA. It has won many film awards including the prestigious Prix Art et Essai at the Cannes film festival in May 2005, Best Documentary Film at Hawaii International Film Festival, Audience Award at International Documentary Film Festival Amsterdam (IDFA), Best Documentary on a Contemporary issue, Grierson Award, Social Justice Award for Documentary Film at Santa Barbara International Film Festival, Best International Documentary at Real Life on Film Festival, Melbourne and Best Single Documentary, Royal Television Society.

</doc>
<doc id="20014546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014546" title="Baby Blue Paper">
Baby Blue Paper

Baby Blue Paper is the eleventh album from Swedish pop and country singer Jill Johnson, released on 28 October 2008. The album was recorded in Nashville. It peaked at #3 at the Swedish album charts.
External links.
"Baby Blue Paper" at the Swedish album chart

</doc>
<doc id="20014547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014547" title="Barahathawa">
Barahathawa

Barahathawa is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 9881 people living in 1743 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20014551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014551" title="Christopher Naylor (actor)">
Christopher Naylor (actor)

Christopher Naylor is a British actor. He has appeared on TV in "Warriors" (1999), "Bugs" (1999), "Sweet Revenge" (2001), "In Love with Barbara" (2008) and onstage in a 2007 regional tour of "Hay Fever". He currently stars in the West End stage production of "The Woman in Black" at the Fortune Theatre.

</doc>
<doc id="20014555" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014555" title="Basantapur, Janakpur">
Basantapur, Janakpur

Basantapur is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7558 people living in 1309 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20014557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014557" title="A.A. Avanca">
A.A. Avanca

Associação Atlética de Avanca known as A.A. Avanca is a Portuguese football club from Estarreja, Aveiro. They currently play in the Portuguese Second Division Serie B and in the 2007-08 season they finished 13th place in their division. They currently play their home games in Parque Desportivo da Associação Atlética de Avanca and their home ground has a capacity of 1,500. Their current manager is Fernando Pereira and they do not have a chairman because they have different owners of the club. Their main sponsor are Joviflex and Durit.
Squad.
"As of the 2008/09 season"

</doc>
<doc id="20014563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014563" title="Batraul">
Batraul

Batraul is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3002 people living in 562 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20014569" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014569" title="Valentin Vasilyevich Sysoyev">
Valentin Vasilyevich Sysoyev

Valentin Vasilyevich Sysoyev () (born in 1887; died in 1971) was a Russian football player.
International career.
Sysoyev played his only game for Russia on September 14, 1913 in a friendly against Norway and scored a goal in a 1:1 tie.

</doc>
<doc id="20014570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014570" title="Bela, Janakpur">
Bela, Janakpur

Bela is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3151 people living in 557 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20014576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014576" title="Belhi, Janakpur">
Belhi, Janakpur

Belhi is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2484 people living in 437 individual households.
External links.
[ [ anil thakur] ] young leader

</doc>
<doc id="20014596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014596" title="Belwajabdi">
Belwajabdi

Belwajabdi is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3350 people living in 655 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20014602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014602" title="William Weber">
William Weber

William Weber may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20014609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014609" title="Bhadsar">
Bhadsar

Bhadsar is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2950 people living in 499 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20014621" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014621" title="Bhagawatipur, Janakpur">
Bhagawatipur, Janakpur

Bhagawatipur is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2702 people living in 553 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20014624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014624" title="Municipal president of Chihuahua">
Municipal president of Chihuahua

The Municipal President of Chihuahua (mayor) is the head of local government of Chihuahua Municipality, in the Mexican state of Chihuahua. 
The mayor's authority includes the state capital, the city of Chihuahua, Chih. 
Since the city serves as the municipal seat and is home to the vast majority of the municipality's population, the position of municipal president is frequently identified with the city, rather than the municipality.

</doc>
<doc id="20014625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014625" title="1996–97 New York Knicks season">
1996–97 New York Knicks season

The 1996–97 New York Knicks season was the 51st season for the team in the National Basketball Association (NBA). In the regular season, the Knicks finished in second place in the Atlantic Division with a 57–25 record, and made the NBA Playoffs for the 10th consecutive year.
The Knicks entered the summer of 1996 looking to revamp their line-up. Larry Johnson, a two-time NBA All-Star and the first overall pick in the 1991 NBA Draft, came from the Hornets in exchange for Anthony Mason and Brad Lohaus. Allan Houston and Chris Childs were signed to start in the backcourt.
The Knicks enjoyed a successful season, with their 57 wins tied for the third-most in franchise history; they finished second in the Atlantic Division and third in the Eastern Conference. John Starks was named the Sixth Man of the Year, and Patrick Ewing was selected to the 1997 NBA All-Star Game (he did not play, because he was injured), earned All-NBA Second Team honors, and was named one of the 50 Greatest Players in NBA History. In the last game of the season, at the United Center, the Knicks defeated the then-69–12 Chicago Bulls, preventing them from posting two consecutive 70-win seasons in a row and tying the best home record (40–1 set by the 1985–86 Boston Celtics).
During the playoffs, New York defeated the Charlotte Hornets in a three-game sweep in the first round and advanced to the Eastern Conference Semifinals, where they faced the Miami Heat in what would eventually become the first chapter of one of the fiercest NBA rivalries of the period. After jumping to a 3-1 lead in the series, the Knicks were eliminated by the Heat in seven games, after a brawl erupted at the end of Game 5 that led to the suspensions of five key Knicks players: Ewing, Houston, Johnson, Starks and Charlie Ward.
Roster.
Starter
Backup
Reverse
Playoffs.
East First Round.
(3) New York Knicks vs. (6) Charlotte Hornets
Last Playoff Meeting: 1993 Eastern Conference Semifinals (New York won 4-1)
East Conference Semifinals.
(2) Miami Heat vs. (3) New York Knicks
Last Playoff Meeting: Not available (first playoff series)

</doc>
<doc id="20014632" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014632" title="Kashag">
Kashag

The Kashag (; ) was the governing council of Tibet during Qing Dynasty and Republic of China (1912–1949). It was set by Qianlong Emperor in 1751. In that year the Tibetan government was reorganized after the riots in Lhasa of the previous year. The civil administration was represented by Council (Kashag) after the 7th Dalai Lama abolished the post of Desi (or Regent; "see: dual system of government"), in whom too much power had been placed.
The Council administrated matters of private and national interests. It was constituted of three temporal officials and one monk official. Each of them held the title of "Kalön" (; ).
The function of the Council was to express opinions about matters or problems concerning the civil administration of the country and to present these opinions to the office of the first minister. The first minister then presented these opinions to the Dalai Lama and, during the Qing Dynasty the Amban, for a final decision. The privilege of presenting recommendations for appointing executive officials, governors and district commissioners gave the Council a lot of power.
Ministries.
Headed by the Council was the government administration, divided into ministries: political, military, economic, judicial, foreign, financial and educational departments. Except for the Ministry of Finance (; ), all ministries had two representatives – one temporal and one monastic. The Ministry of Finance had three lay officials. Each of them held the title of "Tsipön" (; ). All ministries had a right to make decisions to the extent of their competence. Matters, or problems outside the competence of ministries were (with a particular ministry’s given opinion) presented to the Council. Everything outside the competence of the Council was presented to the Dalai Lama himself.
Central Tibetan Administration.
The Kashag has been maintained to the present time by the Central Tibetan Administration, the government-in-exile maintained in Dharamsala, India. The head of the Kashag was known as Kalön Tripa until September, 2012, when the title was changed to Sikyong. This position, sometimes referred to informally as the prime minister of the Tibetan government-in-exile, became an elected position in 2001. In 2011, shortly after the election of Lobsang Sangay and upon the resignation of the Dalai Lama as the overall leader of the CTA, the head of the Kashag became the highest political official in the Tibetan exile community.
According to Michael Backman, notable past members of the Cabinet include Gyalo Thondup, the Dalai Lama's eldest brother, who served as Chairman of the Cabinet and as Minister of Security, and Jetsun Pema, the Dalai Lama's younger sister, who served variously as Minister of Health and of Education.

</doc>
<doc id="20014645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014645" title="Allenna Leonard">
Allenna Leonard

Allenna Leonard is an American cyberneticist, consultant and Director of Team Syntegrity Inc. of Toronto, Canada, internationally, specializing in the application of Stafford Beer's Viable System Model and Syntegration. She was president of the International Society for the Systems Sciences in 2009-2010, and led organization of its 54th annual meeting, in Waterloo, Canada.
Biography.
She received a B.A. Classic liberal arts curriculum from the St. John’s College in Annapolis, Maryland, a M.A. in Higher Education Administration from the George Washington University in Washington D.C. and a Ph.D. from the University of Maryland, College Park, in administration with a concentration in cybernetics. 
Leonard is consultant under auspices of The Complementary Set, especially applications of the Viable System Model, a part time University Teacher, Licensee T.S.I. and a representative of Cwarel Isaf Institute. Currently she is Director of Team Syntegrity Inc. of Toronto, Canada. She was President of the American Society for Cybernetics from 2002 to 2004, and was elected President for 2009-2010 of the International Society for the Systems Sciences.
Allenna Leonard has been Stafford Beer’s partner in life and in work from 1981 until his death in 2002. She states on her web page that she is committed to continuing to use and publicize his work, and that her special interest is using Syntegration as a forum for democratic dialogue, especially on issues of public importance.
Publications.
Allenna Leonard has published several works on cybernetics and the work of Stafford Beer. A selection:
Articles and papers, a selection:

</doc>
<doc id="20014671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014671" title="Johanna Kurkela">
Johanna Kurkela

Johanna Kurkela (born 10 April, 1985 in Lumijoki, Finland) is a Finnish singer. Her first published work was a duet "Tahdon tanssia kanssasi" with Tomi Metsäketo in 2004. Kurkela released her first album "Hetki hiljaa" in 2005. She got a lot of publicity in Finnish Preselection final for Eurovision Song Contest 2007, presenting the song "Olet uneni kaunein". Kurkela ended up sixth in the preselection final. A few weeks later she published her second album "Marmoritaivas". She also contributed vocals to two tracks on Sonata Arctica's album "The Days of Grays". Her 2010 album "Hyvästi, Dolores Haze" has sold over 20,000 copies.
Musical background.
Kurkela has a versatile musical background. She studied the violin for seven years from the age of five, and the classical piano from a few years later. She attended secondary school in Oulu at Madetojan musiikkilukio (an upper secondary school, otherwise known as a gymnasium in other parts of Europe) specializing in music.
In addition to singing Kurkela studies in a university of applied sciences. 

</doc>
<doc id="20014678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014678" title="Leslie Hunter (bishop)">
Leslie Hunter (bishop)

Leslie Stannard Hunter, DD was the second Bishop of Sheffield from 1939 until 1962. Born on 2 May 1890 and educated at Kelvinside Academy and New College, Oxford he was ordained in 1915 and began his career with curacies at St Peter's, Brockley and St Martin-in-the-Fields, Trafalgar Square. He was then a Residentiary Canon at Newcastle Cathedral after which he was Vicar of Barking. In 1930 he became Archdeacon of Northumberland, a post he held until his elevation to the Episcopate. An eminent author, he died on 15 July 1983.

</doc>
<doc id="20014679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014679" title="Phil Tierney">
Phil Tierney

Phil Tierney is a former Australian rules footballer who played with East Perth in the West Australian National Football League (WANFL) during the 1960s.
Tierney was a prolific full-forward, kicking over 100 goals in a season on three occasions and topping East Perth's goal-kicking five times. Due to his career coinciding with that of Austin Robertson, Jr., Tierney won the Bernie Naylor Medal as the league's top goal scorer just once, with 119 goals in 1967. He also kicked 106 goals in 1968 and 105 majors in 1971. Tierney was a member of his only premiership team in 1972 and retired after the Grand Final. He played as a half forward flanker in the premiership decider against Claremont but was kept goalless.
In 1970 he joined West Torrens in South Australia for a season and was their best forward that year, kicking 65 goals.
At the 1972 Perth Carnival, Tierney represented Western Australia for the first time and kicked 11 goals from his three games.
Tierney was, in 2006, named at full-forward in East Perth's official 'Team of the Century' which took into account the era from 1945 to 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20014697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014697" title="Lucas Kazan">
Lucas Kazan

Lucas Kazan (born in Milano, Italy, 1965) is a director and producer of gay pornographic videos. He directed "Journey to Italy" in 1997 for Men of Odyssey. Shortly thereafter he founded his own production company (1998), with headquarters in Hollywood and a busy production schedule in the Mediterranean countries (Italy, Greece, Spain, Tunisia). Since, Lucas Kazan Productions has established itself as a leader in the adult gay pornography industry. Kazan has aimed for higher production values, better locations and richer, less formulaic sex. The same goals inspired his membership site, LucasKazan.com, launched in May 2006. In 2008 he was inducted into the GayVN Awards "Hall of Fame".
"Kazan has demonstrated that he is a force to be reckoned with. His videos have a timeless cinematographic quality to them... Add his eye for beautiful men and his flair for romance and you've got a very gifted and unique video maker who is more concerned with the quality of the art than cranking out mediocrity", writes director Kristen Bjorn. And the "Adam Gay Video Directory": "No one in this industry can create such unique and beautiful works of art".
His first co-production with Kristen Bjorn, "Italian Style", won the 2001 GayVN Award for Best Foreign Video. "The School for Lovers" followed in the same category in 2007 (Grabby Award for Best International Video and GayVN Award for Best Foreign Release and Best Foreign Actor). So did "Italians and Other Strangers" in 2009 (GayVN Award for Best Foreign Release).
Kazan's feature films are often underlined with classical music. Four of his films are loosely based on the plots of famous Italin operas, namely Leoncavallo's Pagliacci (Under The Big Top), Mascagni's Cavalleria Rusticana (A Sicilian Tale), Donizetti's L'elisir d'amore (L'Elisir d'amore) and Mozart's Così fan tutte (The School for Lovers).
Kazan's men have graced countless magazine covers, all over the world, and were the subject of two sumptuous photo books. The first one, Taste of Italy, was published in 2003. The second book, Italian Style, came out June 2008 to help celebrate the 10th anniversary of Lucas Kazan Productions. Both books were published by Bruno Gmünder. 
Followed by a Taste of Italy calendar for 2004.
Another calendar, Men of Lukas Kazan 2005.
Also, Men of Lukas Kazan 2006.
Awards and Recognition.
The website received a nomination for a 2010 XBIZ Award in the category of GLBT Company of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="20014738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014738" title="Stanley Park Neighbourhood">
Stanley Park Neighbourhood

Stanley Park Neighbourhood is a neighbourhood of the West End in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. It is designated as the area lying between Denman Street and the boundary of Stanley Park proper. It is extremely high density, like most of the West End, and is known for being a better-off area of the West End and, once away from Denman Street, also one of the quietest on the downtown peninsula. Condominium properties facing the park are some of the most expensive in the city. The extreme southwest of the area overlaps with the English Bay Neighbourhood.

</doc>
<doc id="20014749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014749" title="Boris Tatushin">
Boris Tatushin

Boris Georgiyevich Tatushin () (born March 31, 1933 in Moscow; died January 15, 1998 in Moscow) was a Soviet football player and manager.
International career.
Tatushin made his debut for USSR on September 8, 1954 in a friendly against Sweden. He played in the 1958 FIFA World Cup qualifiers, but was not selected for the final tournament squad, because he was arrested with Eduard Streltsov and Mikhail Ogonkov over rape allegations and was disqualified for three years.

</doc>
<doc id="20014769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014769" title="Honda RA302">
Honda RA302

The Honda RA302 was a Formula One racing car produced by Honda Racing, and introduced by Honda Racing France during the 1968 Formula One season. The car was built based on the order by Soichiro Honda to develop an air-cooled Formula One engine. Thus, the car was forcibly entered in the Formula One race alongside the water-cooled, aluminum-bodied RA301 which had been developed by the existing Honda team and British Lola Cars.
It would only appear in one race, the 1968 French Grand Prix at Rouen-Les-Essarts, driven by Jo Schlesser. Schlesser was chosen to drive the RA302 because normal Honda driver John Surtees (who was the world champion) refused to drive it as he deemed it to be unsafe and labelled it as a "potential deathtrap". This was proven on lap two of the Grand Prix; Schlesser crashed at the "Virage des Six Fréres" section of the circuit and the car came to rest sideways against a bank. The magnesium-bodied Honda and 58 laps worth of fuel ignited instantly, killing Schlesser and destroying the original RA302. 
A second RA302 was built, with slight modifications, earmarked for Surtees to drive at the next race, but when Surtees again refused to drive it, Honda decided to pull out of Grand Prix racing and did not return as a constructor until the 2006 Formula One season with the Honda RA106. The RA302 intended for Surtees at the Italian Grand Prix is now shown at the Honda Collection Hall.

</doc>
<doc id="20014785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014785" title="Expeditie Robinson">
Expeditie Robinson

Expeditie Robinson is a popular reality television program in the Netherlands, that debuted in 2000. It was the second production worldwide of a format that was developed in the UK, a format that has since then also been produced in many other countries, most notable under the title "Survivor". The name of the show alludes to "Robinson Crusoe", two stories featuring people marooned by shipwrecks. 
The fifteenth season in 2013 will be the first season without contestants from Belgium, due to lack of television ratings in Belgium. However, the Flemish host Evi Hanssen will continue co-host the show with Dutch host Dennis Weening.
Format.
In most seasons, sixteen contestants are put into a survival situation and compete in a variety of physical challenges. Early in each season, two teams compete, but later the teams are merged and the competitions become individual ("samensmelting"). At the end of each show, one contestant is eliminated by the other teams in a secret "Island Council" ballot.
Ernst Paul Hasselbach.
The original presenter of Expeditie Robinson, Ernst Paul Hasselbach, died in 2008 in a car crash in Norway. He was there to make shoots for a new television program, named '71 graden Noord', a spin-off of Expeditie Robinson.

</doc>
<doc id="20014801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014801" title="Kosovo–Malaysia relations">
Kosovo–Malaysia relations

Kosovan–Malaysian relations are foreign relations between the Republic of Kosovo and Malaysia. Formal relations between the two countries first began in 2000, when Malaysia became the first Asian country to establish a liaison office in Kosovo. Kosovo declared its independence from Serbia on 17 February 2008 and Malaysia recognised it on 30 October 2008.
Pre-independence relations.
In June 1999, immediately after Kosovo became an international protectorate, Malaysia agreed to send sixty peacekeepers to join the UN Mission. The 60 peacekeepers included 50 policemen and 10 military officers, holding ranks from major to colonel. Later that year, in September, Malaysia began to make plans for a "a centre to coordinate medical relief aid and missions to help Kosovo war victims," and began raising funds for assistance to Kosovo.
In September 2000, these plans finally took effect when Malaysia established a liaison office in Kosovo to "to coordinate Malaysian assistance and to liaise with the Malaysian security personnel assigned to the United Nations," becoming the sixth country, and the first in Asia, to establish such an office. The establishment of the office was in line with a broader Malaysian policy of self-determination in the Balkans, and a concern for the large Muslim population of Kosovo. The liaison office in Kosovo quickly began to disburse Malaysian aid, totaling more than $700,000 in the first year, including money to construct a mosque and purchase medical supplies for a hospital in Pristina. 
In the fall of 2000, the Malaysian government also strongly supported holding elections in Kosovo as soon as possible. On September 28, 2000, the Malaysian ambassador to the United Nations, Datuk Hasmy Agam, praised the progress towards elections, but told the UN that free and fair elections could "only be guaranteed by the active support of the international community." In the same speech, Agam also strongly advocated for new UN efforts to promote security and stability in Kosovo, and expressed a strong desire to work on the issue of missing persons. After successful municipal elections in Kosovo in October 2000, Malaysia pushed for a Kosovo-wide general election.
On September 18, 2000, the first group of Malaysian policemen sent to Kosovo returned home. The next month, Malaysia sent a deployment of one hundred policemen to continue assisting the UN security effort. In 2001, Malaysia sent a third deployment, this time of 33 policemen to participate in the international peacekeeping forces in Kosovo. In November 2001, all of the Malaysian forces to serve in Kosovo up to that time received a medal and letter of appreciation in recognition of their services.
Recognition.
Kosovo declared its independence from Serbia on 17 February 2008. The Malaysian foreign ministry issued a statement welcoming the declaration, and saying: "Malaysia hopes the declaration of independence fulfils the aspiration of the people of Kosovo to decide their own future and ensure the rights of all to live in peace, freedom and stability." Despite its supportive statement, Malaysia did not immediately recognise Kosovo, and Malaysian foreign minister Rais Yatim, issued a statement in April saying that Malaysia was "not in hurry to impose recognition or otherwise."
In August, after a meeting with the Serbian foreign minister, Malaysia decided to put the issue of Kosovo's recognition on hold until a ruling of the International Court of Justice on the legality of the declaration. 
Kosovo, however, sought to pressure Malaysia for earlier recognition. In September 2008, Kosovo's foreign minister, Skender Hyseni, met with Rais Yatim and asked him "to recognise Kosovo as an independent and sovereign state as soon as possible." Yatim provided Hyseni with a promise that Malaysia "would recognise Kosovo very soon, and would work on establishing diplomatic relations between the two countries."
As Yatim had promised, Malaysia did not wait for the ICJ decision, and recognised Kosovo on 30 October 2008. As a result of Malaysia's recognition, Serbia immediately expelled the Malaysian ambassador. Despite the Serbian opposition, Malaysia maintained its support of Kosovo.
Relations since recognition.
Since recognition, Malaysia has assisted Kosovo in establishing internationally-recognised sports leagues. In November 2008, Valton Beqiri, the Minister of Culture, Youth, and Sports of Kosovo visited Malaysia and met with Tunku Imran, Chairman of the Malaysian Olympic Committee, and member of the International Olympic Committee. Imran pledged assistance in gaining spots for athletes from Kosovo in international tournaments.
Malaysia initially planned to convert its liaison office in Kosovo into an embassy, but in January 2009, it closed the office and scrapped plans for an embassy for financial reasons due to reorganisation within the Malaysian foreign ministry.
The Republic of Kosovo President, Fatmir Sejdiu, travelled on 15 May 2010 to Malaysia, where at the invitation of Malaysian Prime Minister, he took part at the International Islamic Economic Forum and met with other Leaders of the Organisation of the Islamic Conference. At the forum, Sejdiu said that "On behalf of the Republic of Kosovo, I avail myself of this opportunity to express my sincere appreciation for the people and the state of Malaysia and for other countries that have acknowledged our right to live in freedom and independence".
On 8 March 2011 Kosovo and Malaysia established full diplomatic relations. The Malaysian embassy in Rome is accredited to Kosovo.
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:

</doc>
<doc id="20014817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014817" title="Okroglo, Naklo">
Okroglo, Naklo

Okroglo is a settlement in the Municipality of Naklo in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The local church is dedicated to Mary Magdalene.

</doc>
<doc id="20014822" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014822" title="Live at the Village Vanguard (Michel Petrucciani album)">
Live at the Village Vanguard (Michel Petrucciani album)

Live At The Village Vanguard is a jazz album by Michel Petrucciani.
The album was recorded live at the Village Vanguard club in Greenwich Village, New York City using the Fedco Audio Labs remote truck. The engineers were Tom Arrison and Gabreal Franklin, editing and assembly by Phil Edwards, Gabreal Franklin and Michel Petrucciani. Digital remastering for the Blue Note CD reissue (catalogue number 7243 5 40382 2 8) was by Kurt Lundvall, with the reissue produced by Michael Cuscuna and Eli Wolf.
The original album was produced by Gabreal Franklin, as part of a project in conjunction with George Wein, of "Newport Jazz Festival" fame.

</doc>
<doc id="20014828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014828" title="Nausana">
Nausana

Nausana is a small village in Bulandshahr District in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India. Its population is nearly 1200. The main profession of the villagers is agriculture. It is the birthplace of many current government officers, national Indian Players. Sunita Godara, Asian Marathon Champion was born here. 
Nausana is situated near Nichli Ganga Nahar (Lower Ganges Canal), so the water level there is fairly high. The agricultural land in the area is well irrigated.
Hindu and Islam are the main religions practiced in the area.
Nausana is known for its tranquility and beauty.

</doc>
<doc id="20014840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014840" title="Lucas Kazan Productions">
Lucas Kazan Productions

Lucas Kazan Productions was founded in 1998 by Lucas Kazan, the principle director and producer, and produces gay pornographic movies. The studio produces gay pornography with an emphasis on a high quality photography and has won several accolades over the years, including three GayVN Awards for Best Foreign Picture ("Italian Style", "The School for Lovers", "Italians and Other Strangers") and two GayVN Awards for Best Actor in a Foreign Picture ("The School for Lovers" and "The Men I Wanted"). It has published two photo books with Bruno Gmunder, Taste of Italy and Lucas Kazan Italian Style .
In May 2006 Lucas Kazan Productions launched a subscription website, LucasKazan.com featuring photo galleries, movie clips, a reality series, miscellaneous extras and behind the scene footage.
Reviews of the site include the following:
“No wonder Lucas Kazan has such a good reputation as a producer of high quality, well made, all male porn. The guys are stunning, the production standards are some of the highest you will see and there is good attention to detail. The site is easy to use and navigate. “ 
"This site not only brings you stunning guys in well made, excellent quality movies but it lets you get behind the scenes too. There is plenty of information about each model and each movie, and thousands of images. But it is the sheer beauty of the productions that lifts Lucas Kazan high above the heads of its competitors" 
In 2007 Lucas Kazan Productions partnered with Maleflixxx to launch a video-on-demand theatre for Lucas Kazan’s collection of gay adult videos.

</doc>
<doc id="20014842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014842" title="Bhaktipur">
Bhaktipur

Bhaktipur is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 12,183 people living in 2261 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20014845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014845" title="The Early Years (album series)">
The Early Years (album series)

The Early Years is a two-part retrospective album series of Tom Waits songs, consisting of recordings made before Waits's actual debut album "Closing Time". Volume One was released in 1991 and Volume Two was released in 1993 on Bizarre/Straight. The recordings were made between July and December 1971. Some of the songs on the album had been previously released in polished form.
Reissued on vinyl in 2010 by Manifesto Records

</doc>
<doc id="20014863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014863" title="Tioga High School">
Tioga High School

Tioga High School may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20014884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014884" title="Peter D. Clark (writer)">
Peter D. Clark (writer)

Peter D. Clark, sometimes dubbed The Apostle of New Brunswick, is a Canadian bestseller, storyteller, folklorist, and literacy ambassador. Clark has spent several decades collecting stories and folklore, particularly from the province of New Brunswick. His first book "Woods, Streams, Ghosts and Hangin's" was a Canadian bestseller and brought him to national attention.

</doc>
<doc id="20014895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014895" title="Ettore Tosi">
Ettore Tosi

Ettore Tosi is a male pornographic actor/director who has appeared in gay pornographic movies. He's arguably the first and most known gay porn star from Italy.
Born in Southern Italy in 1977, the "blue-eyed sex beast", was hired as a production assistant at Lucas Kazan Productions in 1998, but soon moved in front of the camera.
Ettore was given a leading role in "Hotel Italia", one of Lucas Kazan's classic early films. Soon after, he took on a full-time position with Lucas Kazan Productions, which led him to oversee model scouting in Italy and eventually to directing his own gay porn series: "The Road to Naples", "Maspalomas" (GayVN Award Nominated for Best Solo Video), "" (GayVN Award winner for Best Pro-Am video), "Sexcursions" (GayVN Award nominated for Best Pro-Am video), "Sexcursions 05" and an ongoing reality series for LucasKazan.com.
He has graced countless covers, books and calendars. Including the covers of "Hot Male Review", Fall/Winter 1999, "Manshots", July 2000, "Gay Italia", November 2000, "Men", April 2001, "XXX Showcase", vol. 8, n.10, "Babilonia", August 2000, Lucas Kazan Taste of Italy, a photo book published by Bruno Gmünder in 2004. An in-depth interview by Jerry Douglas appears in "Manshots", July 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="20014902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014902" title="Hurricane Tina (1992)">
Hurricane Tina (1992)

Hurricane Tina was the strongest storm of the 1992 Pacific hurricane season and threatened land for a brief period. The twenty-fourth tropical cyclone, twenty-second tropical storm, fourteenth hurricane, and eighth major hurricane of the record breaking season, Tina formed from a tropical wave on September 17. It moved glacially towards the west and strengthened into a hurricane. A breakdown in a ridge and to the north and a trough then re-curved Tina to the northeast and towards land, still moving slowly and gradually slowing down. The trough broke down and was replaced by a strong ridge. Tina then changed direction again and headed out to sea. It intensified into a Category 4 storm with a central pressure of 932 millibars. Tina then slowly weakened as it turned to the north. Tropical Depression Tina dissipated on October 11, shortly after entering the Central Pacific Hurricane Center's area of responsibility. Although the tropical cyclone never made landfall, heavy rains were recorded across western Mexico.
Meteorological history.
Tina originated from a tropical wave that left the African coast on September 5. Six days ater, the wave moved through the Lesser Antilles. The wave did generate disorganized fare-ups while entering the Caribbean Sea, but due to strong wind shear further development failed to occur. On September 16, while about west of Acapulco, Mexico. By tha time, the wave had entered the East Pacific basin. The system began to become more organized and on 1200 UTC September 7, the NHC upgraded the disturbance into a tropical depression, the twenty-second of the season. as the disturbance had changed dramatically in organization. The depression became Tropical Storm Tina the next day. The system began an intensification trend, and Tina strengthened a moderate storm 24 hours after attaining tropical storm status. and the NHC forecasted Tina to become a hurricane.
As forecasted, Tina reached hurricane status at 1800 UTC September 20. Tina reached a secondary peak of 85 mph (140 km/h) the next day. By September 21, shear began to take a toll on the hurricane, as deep convection decreased. Tina briefly weakened back into a tropical storm, but regained hurricane intensity for another two days. However, data from a Hurricane Hunter aircraft indicted that Tina had weakened back to tropical storm status, thus ending the first of three strengthening trend of Hurricane Tina. By September 24, Tropical Storm Tina took a sharp turn north-northeast towards the west coast of Mexico, due a combination of a weakness in a subtropical ridge and a mid-level to low-level trough passing north of the tropical cyclone. Shortly thereafter, an anticyclone that developed west of the Baja California Coast.
By September 27, steering flow moved Tina away from the coast of Mexico, where there was little wind shear. the tropical storm then began to re-intensify. Tina regained hurricane status on September as it accelerated. On September 28, Tina had reached major hurricane intensity. The next day, Tina intensified some more, becoming a Category 4 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson hurricane scale. Late on September 29, the storms pressure had fallen to 944 mb and winds had increased to of 145 mph (230 km/h) while Tina was located away from the Mexican coast. Overnight on September 30 Tina peaked with winds of 150 mph (240 km/h) and a pressure of 930 mb. On October 1, the hurricane underwent fluctuations in intensity.
Tina began to change its path over the next days due to an approaching trough which allowed Tina to turn northbound into cooler sea surface temperatures as well as into an area of increasing wind shear. The eye became very large, peaking in size on October 4. However, the less favorable environment caused Tina to slowly weaken;the system weakened back to tropical storm status late on October 4. Tina's motion decreased due to weak steering currents. As such, Tina continued to weaken, and was downgraded into a tropical depression. At this time, only a swirl of clouds remained, with limited deep convection. The next day Tina moved into the Central Pacific Hurricane Center's area of responsibility and six hours later, the winds had dropped to 30 mph (45 mm/h). Tina still maintained a small area of deep convection despite decreasing seas surface temperatures until dissipation on October 11.
Records, preparations, and impact.
When Tropical Storm Tina was tracking northeastward toward Mexico, the National Hurricane Center noted the possibility of landfall, although all of the tropical cyclone forecast models correctly indicated a westward turn would occur. While passing the region, Tina dropped heavy rainfall that produced flooding along the west coast of Mexico.
Lasting 22 days, Hurricane Tina surpassed Hurricane Fico as the longest lived storm in the northeastern Pacific. Hurricane John (1994) became the longest-lived tropical cyclone in the northern Pacific a couple years later.

</doc>
<doc id="20014906" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014906" title="Store Merløse">
Store Merløse

Store Merløse is a town on Sjælland in Denmark with a population of 1,218 (1 January 2013). It is part of the municipality of Holbæk and close to Tølløse and Ringsted. It is a calm town with a primary school and a few businesses. For high school most people go to Tølløse. There is a local train from Vestsjællands Lokalbaner that will take you from Store Merløse to Tølløse or Slagelse.

</doc>
<doc id="20014908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014908" title="Aubrey Lawrence">
Aubrey Lawrence

Aubrey Trevor Lawrence, MBE, KC (15 January 1875 – 23 March 1930) was a successful English barrister and author.
Lawrence was born 15 January 1875, the son of Sir Trevor Lawrence, 2nd Baronet and his wife Elizabeth, Lady Lawrence. He was educated at Shrewsbury and at Christ Church, Oxford where he took a first class degree in Greats. When he left university he was called to the Bar.
Lawrence was a member of Inner Temple. He shared his chambers – Essex Court Chambers – with a young Stafford Cripps (his second cousin) and was appointed King's Counsel in 1927. Lawrence was appointed as a member of The Most Excellent Order of the British Empire for his legal work. He was also the author of numerous books, such as 'A practical treatise on the law relating to the church and clergy', a work he wrote with a young Cripps.
Alongside his legal work, Lawrence was a successful local politician. He was Chancellor of the Dioceses of: Sheffield in 1914, Worcester in 1920, Peterborough in 1922, Southwell in 1922, Winchester in 1924, Leicester in 1927 and Portsmouth in 1927. He was also a governor of Shrewsbury School.
On 8 June 1901, Lawrence married Emily Constance Fanning McGaw, an Irish heiress. Her father was Joseph McGaw, an Irish landowner who had sold his estates in Ireland to buy in Australia (earning himself the nickname the 'Bushwhacker'). By her he had two sons and one daughter:

</doc>
<doc id="20014912" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014912" title="Emre Balak">
Emre Balak

Emre Balak (born 11 August 1988 in Samsun, Turkey) is a Turkish footballer. He currently plays as a defender for Bucaspor.

</doc>
<doc id="20014920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014920" title="Sal Mubarak">
Sal Mubarak

Saal Mubarak (, ), is a traditional Hindu Gujarati greeting reserved for use on Diwali and Gujarati New Year, which is a day after Diwali, the Hindu festival of lights and the triumph of good over evil, as well as light over darkness. "Saal" means year, and "mubarak" is an originally Arabic term meaning blessing or good wishes. The phrase 'Saal Mubarak' is Gujarati equivalent of Happy New Year.
In Hindi speaking regions "Naya Saal Mubarak Ho" () is also used, meaning Happy New Year. Sikhs and Hindus in the Punjab use the term "Diwali Mubarak" more commonly.
Gujarati New Year, also known as Bestu Varas, is celebrated the day after the Diwali and is the fourth day of the five day Diwali festival. The Gujarati New Year coincides with "Sud Ekam" (The first month and first day of the Gujarati Lunar Calendar, "Kartak" is the first month in this new year while "Ekam" refers to the first day).
The Gujarati community all over the world celebrates the New Year to mark the beginning of a new fiscal year and people put their worries behind them and prepare to welcome a new beginning. Gujaratis will continue with the festivities from Diwali the day before and decorate their homes with rangoli patterns and garlands, light diyas and set off fireworks. It is tradition for people to wear new clothes on New Years Day and to show respect to their elders to seek their blessings. Revellers will visit family and friends to exchange gifts of money and home made sweets and wish health and prosperity for the new year. People will also visit mandirs to offer puja to the gods.

</doc>
<doc id="20014926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014926" title="Pianism">
Pianism

Pianism is a jazz album by Michel Petrucciani.
The album was recorded at RCA Studio "C", and was produced by Mike Berniker, engineer Mike Moran. The Blue Note catalogue number is CDP 7 46295 2.
This was Petrucciani's first album recorded under contract for Blue Note, the previous recordings having originally been released by Concord and others (though some were subsequently reissued by Blue Note).

</doc>
<doc id="20014929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014929" title="Human female sexuality">
Human female sexuality

Human female sexuality encompasses a broad range of behaviors and processes, including female sexual identity and sexual behavior, the physiological, psychological, social, cultural, political, and spiritual or religious aspects of sexual activity. Various aspects and dimensions of female sexuality, as a part of human sexuality, have also been addressed by principles of ethics, morality, and theology. In almost any historical era and culture, the arts, including literary and visual arts, as well as popular culture, present a substantial portion of a given society's views on human sexuality, which also include implicitly or explicitly female sexuality.
In most societies and legal jurisdictions, there are legal bounds on what sexual behavior is permitted. Sexuality varies across the cultures and regions of the world, and has continually changed throughout history, and this applies equally to female sexuality. Aspects of female sexuality include issues pertaining to biological sex, body image, self-esteem, personality, sexual orientation, values and attitudes, gender roles, relationships, activity options, and communication.
Physiological.
Orgasm.
Orgasm, or sexual climax, is the sudden discharge of accumulated sexual tension during the sexual response cycle, resulting in rhythmic muscular contractions in the pelvic region characterized by an intense sensation of pleasure. Women find it more difficult than men to experience orgasms due to the increased level and variety of stimulation needed to reach them. Additionally, some women may require more than one type of sexual stimulation in order to achieve orgasm.
Orgasm in women has typically been divided into two categories: clitoral and vaginal (or G-Spot) orgasms. The majority of women (70-80%) require direct clitoral stimulation to achieve orgasm, though indirect clitoral stimulation may also be sufficient. Clitoral orgasms are easier to achieve because the glans of the clitoris, or clitoris as a whole, has more than 8,000 sensory nerve endings, as much as or more than the human penis, as well as more than any other part of the human body. As the clitoris is homologous to the penis, it is the equivalent in its capacity to receive sexual stimulation.
Although vaginal orgasms are more difficult to achieve, the G-Spot may produce an orgasm if properly stimulated. The G-Spot's existence, and existence as a distinct structure, is still under dispute, as its location can vary from woman to woman and appears to be nonexistent in some women and it is hypothesized to be an extension of the clitoris.
Multiple orgasms.
Women are able to experience multiple orgasms. 'Multiple' means more than one orgasm, experienced one immediately after another, while 'sequential' means orgasms occur one after another but are separated by a few minutes. Even though multiple orgasms are very rarely experienced, they are not impossible. Author Mark Levinson considers them to be the ultimate climax women can achieve. Sometimes, female multiple orgasms are accompanied by female ejaculation.
Women are able to achieve multiple orgasms due to the fact that they generally do not require a refractory period like men do after the first orgasm; though generally reported that women do not experience a refractory period and thus can experience an additional orgasm, or multiple orgasms, soon after the first, some sources state that both men and women experience a refractory period because women may also experience a period after orgasm in which further sexual stimulation does not produce excitement. However, achieving multiple orgasms is not as easy as sometimes perceived, given that women generally reach orgasms with greater difficulty than men, and people have a variety of erogenous zones that can be stimulated.
During heterosexual intercourse, it is common that men stop the stimulation process in a woman (after experiencing orgasm themselves, and losing their erection), and this may be one of the reasons why many women do not actually achieve more than one orgasm. However, some women do not want to be pressured into another orgasm while others are eager for more, as the stimulation can be overwhelming or painful.
Biological and evolutionary function.
The biological function of a woman's orgasm is not completely understood, as some researchers suggest that it does not appear to serve an essential purpose to human survival. Dr. Helen O'Connell said, "It boils down to rivalry between the sexes: the idea that one sex is sexual and the other reproductive. The truth is that both are sexual and both are reproductive." O'Connell used MRI technology to define the true size and shape of the clitoris, showing that it extends considerably inside the vagina. She describes typical textbook descriptions of the clitoris as lacking detail and including inaccuracies, saying that the work of Georg Ludwig Kobelt in the early 19th century provides a most comprehensive and accurate description of clitoral anatomy. O'Connell asserts that the bulbs appear to be part of the clitoris and that the distal urethra and vagina are intimately related structures, although they are not erectile in character, forming a tissue cluster with the clitoris. This cluster appears to be the locus of female sexual function and orgasm.
At the 2002 conference for "Canadian Society of Women in Philosophy", Dr. Nancy Tuana asserted that the clitoris is unnecessary in reproduction and therefore it has been "historically ignored," mainly because of "a fear of pleasure. It is pleasure separated from reproduction. That's the fear". She reasoned that this fear is the cause of the ignorance that veils female sexuality. Other theories suggest that muscular contractions associated with orgasms pull sperm from the vagina to the cervix, where it is in a better position to reach the egg.
Erogenous zones.
The female erogenous zones are areas with nerve endings that increase the sensitivity and their stimulation results in sexual response. The aim of exploring the female erogenous areas is to increase her level of arousal in order to enjoy the act and potentially reach an orgasm. The erogenous zones are different from woman to woman and it is also likely that the stimulation of the erogenous areas that some women find pleasant and exciting may be impossible to bear for others.
Historical conceptions of female sexuality.
Representations of female sexuality date back to prehistoric times; there is clear evidence of the depiction of female fecundity in ancient Venus figurines. Fertility goddesses are common in many ancient cultures. In many cultures, there are also gods of love, marriage, and sex. In the ancient civilizations of India, Japan, and China, the subject of female sexuality was expressed in several writings and commentaries. For example, much of the "Kama Sutra", an ancient treatise on sex and sexuality, deals with female sexuality.
Historically, female sexuality has been seen in many male-dominated cultures as subordinate to male sexuality, and as something to be controlled by society through restrictions on female behavior. One may say that within these cultures the most popular conceptions of female sexuality are seen through the male gaze, without counter self-conceptions through the female gaze, or gazes not female nor male.
Traditional cultural practices such as enforced modesty and chastity have historically tended to place restrictions principally on women, without imposing similar restrictions on men. Some controversial traditional cultural practices, such as female genital mutilation (FGM), have been described as attempts at nullifying women's sexuality altogether. Many females are deprived of the ability to achieve orgasm through the act of FGM, which is practiced in many countries around the world. Against their will, young girls around the world undergo mutilation at a young age-at the age of 5 or 6. It is a procedure that involves the cutting of the clitoris, most often without the use of pain killers. There are many health risks. These risks include: severe pain, urine retention, infection to many parts of the female reproductive system, difficulties with childbirth.
Other cultural practices such as honor killings threaten unsanctioned female sexual behavior with death, often at the hands of the woman's own relatives. This combines with a "blame the victim" attitude which punishes women who accuse men of raping them; even if the rape is proved, the woman will be punished for the "crime" of fornication, regardless of her unwillingness to "participate". Oftentimes, after the killing takes place, the family attempts to forget and no longer mention the family member they just killed. Some honor killings are made to appear as accidents so measuring them can be difficult.
Modern studies of female sexuality.
In the modern age, psychologists and physiologists engaged in the task of exploring female sexuality. Sigmund Freud propounded the theory of two kinds of female orgasms, ""the vaginal kind, and the clitoral orgasm."" However, research, such as that done by Masters and Johnson (1966) and Dr. Helen O'Connell (2005), reject this distinction.
Ernst Gräfenberg was famous for his studies of female genitalia and human female sexual physiology; he published, among other studies, the seminal The Role of Urethra in Female Orgasm (1950), which describes female ejaculation, as well as an erogenous zone where the urethra is closest to the vaginal wall. In 1981, sexologists John D. Perry and Beverly Whipple named that area the Gräfenberg Spot, or G-Spot, in his honor. While the medical community generally has not embraced the complete concept of the G-Spot, Dr. Sanger, Dr. Kinsey, and Drs. Masters and Johnson credit his extensive physiological work.
Some researchers challenge the notion that women only want sex for the physical closeness or cuddling, by identifying the characteristics of highly sexual women. These women characterized as "highly sexual" held more favorable attitudes toward casual sex, fantasized about sex often and enjoyed sex outside of a committed relationship. These findings support the view that the importance of sex or cuddling is not solely based on gender.
Feminist concepts.
The feminist movement, and the increasing social status of women in modern society, have led to women's sexuality being reassessed as a subject in its own right. During the 1970s and 1980s, in the wake of the sexual revolution, numerous feminist writers started to address the question of female sexuality from their own female perspective, rather than allowing female sexuality to be defined in terms of largely male studies. One of the first such popular non-fiction books was Nancy Friday's "My Secret Garden". Other writers such as Germaine Greer, Simone de Beauvoir and Camille Paglia were particularly influential in this, although their views were not universally or placidly accepted. Toward the end of the twentieth century the most significant European contributions to understanding female sexuality came from psychoanalytical French feminism, with the work of Luce Irigaray and Julia Kristeva.
Lesbianism and female bisexuality also emerged as topics of interest within feminism. A short-lived concept of political lesbianism within the feminist movement led to temporary schisms between heterosexual and lesbian women, then rapidly floundered in the face of the acceptance that most women's sexuality was not defined by politics, but by their own sexual preferences.
Feminist attitudes to female sexuality have varied in scope throughout the movement's history. Generally, modern feminists advocate for all women to have access to sexual healthcare and education, and agree on the importance of reproductive health freedoms, particularly regarding issues such as birth control and family planning. Bodily autonomy and consent are also concepts of high importance in modern feminist views of female sexuality.
Matters such as the sex industry, sexual representation in the media, and issues regarding consent to sex under conditions of male dominance have been more controversial topics among feminists. These debates culminated in the late 1970s and the 1980s, in what came to be known as the Feminist Sex Wars, which pitted anti-pornography feminism against sex-positive feminism. Parts of the feminist movement were deeply divided on these issues.
Women as responsible for sexual safety.
With regard to the responsibility for safe sexual activity in heterosexual relationships, the commonly held definition of "safe sex" may be examined; it has been argued that there are three facets to the common perception of safe sex: emotional safety (trusting your partner), psychological safety (feeling safe), and biomedical safety (the barrier of fluids which may cause pregnancy or transmit disease). The phrase "safe sex," is commonly known to refer to biomedical safety.
Since the emergence of sexual independence, health officials have launched campaigns to bring awareness to the risks of unprotected sexual intercourse. While the dangers of unprotected sex include unintended pregnancy, sexually transmitted infections (STIs/STDs), with HIV/AIDS being the deadliest, the use of contraceptive devices (the most reliable being condoms) remain inconsistent. Campaigns that advocate consistent condom use are frequently targeted toward women. They often place the greatest responsibility for safe sex on women and there are several social constructions and assumptions that are to be taken into account to understand the reasoning why.
The social constructions of masculinity and femininity play a lead role in understanding why women are held responsible for controlling sexual encounters. Socially constructed masculinity carries with it the ideas that men have a higher sex drive than women, that men are constantly interested in sex, and that once men are sexually aroused they must be satisfied through orgasm. This drive is intertwined with the male identity and consequently creates a momentum that once started is difficult to stop. Socially constructed femininity carries with it the connotation of passivity, which has impacted the cultural importance of female desire. This has caused women's sexual desires to be largely ignored and because men are seen as unable to control their sexuality, women become responsible for enforcing condom use instead of the "uncontrollable" male. A contributing factor in this division of responsibility for safe sex factors is the privileged status of male desire in Western culture, as indicated by the commonly held belief that the female sexual experience is not adversely impacted by condom use but that the male sexual experience is diminished with the addition of this barrier. This is problematic as the use of condoms is symbolically linked to casual sex and promiscuity, which goes against the social norms of femininity. This link cannot be underestimated as "discontinuation of condom use becomes a test or a marker which signifies the existence of a committed and exclusive relationship," and demonstrates trust.
However, others speculate that the responsibility for condom use falling on women is not so much societally imposed but is instead resultant of the possible consequences of unprotected sex being generally more serious for women than men (pregnancy, greater likelihood of STI transmission, etc.). Bacterial STIs, such as chlamydia and gonorrhea, show that rates among women can be three times higher than men in high prevalence areas of the United States, and one-fourth of pregnancies in developing countries and one-half of pregnancies in the United States are unintended.
Another commonly believed social idea of sexuality is the coital imperative. The coital imperative is the idea that for sex to be "real" there must be penis-vagina intercourse. For many women, this imposes limitations to the sexual possibilities and a condom is seen as a symbol of the end of the sexual experience. Public acceptance of penis-vagina penetration as central to a sexual relationship is reinforced by the focus on condom use.
It is commonly assessed how these two ideas, male sex drive and coital imperative, paired with the social construction of femininity can easily lead to an imbalance of the power in making the decision to use a condom.

</doc>
<doc id="20014942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014942" title="John Taylor (bishop of Sheffield)">
John Taylor (bishop of Sheffield)

Francis John Taylor was the third Bishop of Sheffield from 1962. Born on 13 November 1912 and educated at Hymers College and The Queen's College, Oxford he was ordained in 1937 and began his career with a curacy at Walcot, Bath. He was then a Tutor, Lecturer and Chaplain at Wycliffe Hall, Oxford after which he was Vicar of Christ Church, Claughton, Merseyside. From 1954, he was Principal of Wycliffe, a post he held until his elevation to the Episcopate . An autocratic Prelate, he died in post on 4 July 1971.

</doc>
<doc id="20014949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014949" title="Dorothea Marie of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg">
Dorothea Marie of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg

Dorothea Marie of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg (22 January 1674 – 18 April 1713) was the wife of Ernst Ludwig I, Duke of Saxe-Meiningen. She was the daughter of Frederick I, Duke of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg and his first wife, Magdalena Sybille of Saxe-Weissenfels. She married Ernst Ludwig I on the 19 September 1704.

</doc>
<doc id="20014954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014954" title="English Bay (neighbourhood)">
English Bay (neighbourhood)

The English Bay Neighbourhood is a sub-area of the West End of Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. Though not formally defined it is a common usage in the city and refers to the shopping and residential areas focussed on the intersection of Denman and Davie Streets with Beach Drive, at English Bay Beach. Generally the term refers to the first few blocks of residential areas flanking the beach from Stanley Park to Sunset Beach, and to the commercial area along Davie Street, and Denman Street south of Nelson Street.
Other neighbourhoods in the West End are the Stanley Park Neighbourhood, Davie Village and Robsonstrasse.

</doc>
<doc id="20014967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014967" title="The Last Chicken in America">
The Last Chicken in America

The Last Chicken in America: A Novel in Stories is a work of fiction by Ellen Litman set in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania during the 1990s. 
The novel tells the story of Masha, just out of high school, when her family arrives from Russia in Pittsburgh's Jewish neighborhood, Squirrel Hill. The stories trace her struggles and those of other Russian emigres in the community to find their own place in the new society—seniors alienated from their children, spouses trying to hold their families together while grappling with unemployment and depression, young adults searching for love.

</doc>
<doc id="20014969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014969" title="List of Knight's Cross recipients 10th SS Panzer Division Frundsberg">
List of Knight's Cross recipients 10th SS Panzer Division Frundsberg

The 10th SS Panzer Division Frundsberg or 10.SS-Panzer-Division "Frundsberg" was a German Waffen SS panzer division that saw action on both the Western and Eastern Fronts during World War II. The honor title "Frundsberg" was chosen, which refers to 16th Century German landsknecht commander Georg von Frundsberg.
The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and its higher grades were based on four separate enactments. The first enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 1573" of September 1, 1939 instituted the Iron Cross and the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. As the war progressed some of the recipients distinguished themselves further and a higher grade, the Oak Leaves to Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was instituted. The Oak Leaves, as they were commonly referred to, were based on the enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 849" of June 3, 1940. In 1941 two higher grades of the Knight's Cross were instituted. The enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 613" of September 28, 1941 introduced the Knight’s Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords and the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves, Swords and Diamonds. At the end of 1944 the last and final grade, the Knight's Cross with Golden Oak Leaves, Swords, and Diamonds, based on the enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt 1945 I S. 11" of December 29, 1944 concluded the variants of the Knight's Cross.
Prerequisites.
To qualify for the Knight's Cross, a soldier had to already hold the 1939 Iron Cross First Class, though the Iron Cross I Class was awarded concurrently with the Knight's Cross in rare cases.
Unit commanders could also be awarded the medal for exemplary conduct by the unit as a whole.
Grades.
The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was divided into five grades, excluding the Grand Cross of the Iron Cross:

</doc>
<doc id="20014972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014972" title="Cross-border flag for Ireland">
Cross-border flag for Ireland

There is no cross-border flag universally accepted as representing both jurisdictions in Ireland. This can be a problem in contexts where a body organised on an all-island basis needs to be represented by a flag in an international context. The island is politically divided into the Republic of Ireland (a sovereign state) and Northern Ireland (a constituent country of the United Kingdom), but all-island organisations are common. Examples include the Roman Catholic Church in Ireland and the Church of Ireland, the Gaelic Athletic Association, and the Irish Rugby Football Union.
Saint Patrick's saltire.
The Saint Patrick's saltire was incorporated into the Union Flag in 1801 by way of the Act of Union 1800 to represent Ireland within the new United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. Today, those who regard the tricolour as specific to the Republic of Ireland, or excluding unionists, may advocate it as a neutral symbol of the whole island.
The Church of Ireland orders that, apart from its own flag, only this saltire may be flown on its church grounds—as opposed to the tricolour, the Union Flag or the former flag of Northern Ireland. This follows the practice of other Anglican churches in England, Scotland, and Wales, which fly the flags of their respective patron saints instead of the Union Flag.
The saltire is also flown by St. Patrick's College, Maynooth, on graduation days, and so it can be argued that the St. Patrick's Cross flag is used by the main Protestant church in the island and the Roman Catholic Church.
Modified versions have been used formerly by the Irish Rugby Football Union, and currently by the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland and the Commissioners of Irish Lights.
Irish tricolour.
The tricolour of green, white and orange, the official flag of the state of Ireland, is considered by many, including Irish nationalists, to represent the entire island as well. Gerry Adams said in Dáil Éireann in 2011:
However, this symbolism is rejected by Ulster unionists, as illustrated by an exchange in the House of Commons of Northern Ireland in 1951: 
The Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA) flies this flag at matches regardless of whether either or both teams are from Northern Ireland. It is also used for the Ireland international rules football team, selected by the GAA on an all-island basis.
The Golfing Union of Ireland covers the whole island and competes under the tricolour in international events such as the World Cup, Alfred Dunhill Cup and the Eisenhower Trophy.
Four Provinces flag.
The four provinces flag is a quartering of the arms of the four provinces of Ireland. The order of the provinces varies.
Erne flag.
This flag was initially used on the Shannon–Erne Waterway, which is bisected by the border. Rather than flying a national flag, boats fly this green, white and blue flag. It is endorsed by the Inland Waterways Association of Ireland, an all-island organisation.
Harp flags.
The harp (or "cláirseach") has long been a symbol of Ireland. It first featured on Irish coins in the reign of Henry VIII around 1534. During the seventeenth and eighteenth century, the harp became adorned with progressively more decoration, ultimately becoming a "winged maiden". In the nineteenth century, the "Maid of Erin", a personification of Ireland, was a woman holding a more realistic harp than the "winged maiden". This style of harp was then also used in Irish flags. The harp on the modern coat of arms of the Republic of Ireland is modelled on the "Brian Boru" harp in the library of Trinity College, Dublin, as it appeared after an 1840s restoration.
Blue harp flag.
The lower left quadrant of the Royal Standard of the United Kingdom has featured a harp on a blue field, representing Ireland since 1603. The current version, designed in 1953, uses a winged-maiden harp and consists of a golden "cláirseach" with silver strings on a blue background. The shade of blue in the field was known as Saint Patrick's Blue when used in 1783 for the regalia of the Order of Saint Patrick.
Green harp flag.
The change from blue to green is associated with the United Irishmen, an Irish nationalist movement associated with both Catholic and Protestant Irish - its leader Wolfe Tone was Protestant; green was a colour of rebellion in the eighteenth century. This was a common flag used to represent Ireland during the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries. It consisted of a gold cláirseach on a green background. It was associated with moderate nationalism at a time when the tricolour was confined to more radical movements. It is the same as the modern Flag of Leinster.
Sporting flags.
Several all-island sporting organisations send representative teams to compete internationally. In some cases, a flag unique to that organisation is used in lieu of a national flag. Typically such flags include one of the traditional symbols of Ireland.
The Ireland cricket team, which competes in One Day International tournaments, uses a flag depicting shamrocks.
The Ireland national field hockey team uses a bespoke flag with a shield quartered with the symbols of the four provinces.
The Ireland rugby team's flag is a green flag containing the shields of the four provinces and the Irish Rugby Football Union's logo. At matches outside Ireland, this is the only flag displayed. At matches in Northern Ireland (typically at Ravenhill) the Flag of Ulster is also displayed. This is the flag of the nine-county province, similar to but distinct from the Ulster Banner, the former flag of the Northern Irish government. At matches in the Republic of Ireland (typically at Lansdowne Road), the Irish tricolour is flown along with the preceding two.
Eddie Irvine, a Formula One driver from Conlig in Northern Ireland, asked for a white flag with a shamrock to be used if he secured a podium finish. There had been controversy when an Irish tricolour had been used for him in 1997. The FIA insisted the Union Flag be used in conformance with its regulations.

</doc>
<doc id="20014998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20014998" title="The Orchid Gardener">
The Orchid Gardener

The Orchid Gardener is a 1977 experimental film with a mysterious and symbolic plot directed by Lars von Trier.
Plot.
A young, mentally ill man, a visual artist in crisis Victor Marse (Lars von Trier) meets two nurses (Eliza and her girlfriend) during his stay in a sanatorium. Victor lives with Eliza and her son. He imagines another woman when he is roaming at a coast. He pretends committing a suicide but Eliza does not react to it. Every moment, he stays in front of a blank canvas and thinks. Meanwhile he dresses into Nazi clothes or into women dresses, then he leaves to go to the cinema, and abuses and probably kills a small girl. His masochistic affair with Eliza lasts; he is close to shooting her with a gun but instead she takes out a whip. Victor goes along the streets then he lies naked in front of the canvas on which he has left his bloody fingerprints. After this he drives a funeral car to his work - he is employed in a garden where orchids are grown. Eliza is now the past and in the end, Victor might be dead as someone drives a cross into the ground.

</doc>
<doc id="20015011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015011" title="Elemore Hall">
Elemore Hall

Elemore Hall is a mid-18th-century country house, now in use as a residential special school, near Pittington, County Durham, England. It is a Grade I listed building.
The manor of Elemore was owned prior to the Dissolution of the Monasteries by the Priory of Finchale. It was sold to Bertram Anderson, Mayor and Sheriff of Newcastle upon Tyne, who built a manor house in about 1550. The estate passed from Anderson to Hall and then by marriage to Thomas Conyers MP for Durham City 1702-22. In about 1700 Elizabeth Conyers, heiress of the estate, married George Baker, also MP for Durham City, of Crook Hall, near Lanchester. 
Their son George Baker inherited the manor in 1723 and in about 1750 replaced the old manor house with the present mansion to a design by architect Robert Shout of Hemsley. The house follows the E plan of the old manor but on a much grander scale. The three storey, seven bayed entrance front has a pedimented three bayed projecting central block and two flanking and projecting pedimented single bay wings.
In 1844 Isabella Baker heiress of the estate, married the son of her aunt and first cousin, Henry Tower. On inheriting the property he changed his name to Henry Baker Baker. He was High Sheriff of Durham in 1854. The Baker Baker family lived at the Hall until the 1930s. In 1947 the estate was sold to Durham County Council. The Hall has since then been occupied by a local education authority day and residential special school.

</doc>
<doc id="20015018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015018" title="Jon Gjerde">
Jon Gjerde

Jon Gjerde (February 25, 1953 – October 26, 2008) was an American historian and the Alexander F. and May T. Morrison Professor of American History and American Citizenship at the University of California, Berkeley, where he also served as dean of the Division of Social Sciences in the College of Letters and Science at the University of California, Berkeley.
Biography.
Gjerde was born in Waterloo, Iowa, and grew up in Cedar Falls, Iowa, the youngest of three children in a family of Norwegian immigrants. His father, Waldemar Gjerde, was a professor of education at the University of Northern Iowa, but died when Jon Gjerde was young; his mother was a schoolteacher. Gjerde himself attended the University of Northern Iowa, and graduated in 1975 with a triple major in history, philosophy, and religion. He went on to graduate studies in history at the University of Minnesota, earning a masters degree in 1978 and a Ph.D. in 1982. 
After teaching at the University of Minnesota, the University of Wisconsin and the California Institute of Technology, Gjerde joined the UC Berkeley faculty in 1985. He was tenured in 1989. Gjerde served as resident director of the Scandinavian Study Center in Lund, Sweden from 1991 to 1992. He served as chair of the history department at UC Berkeley from 2001 to 2004, was named interim dean of social sciences in 2006 and was confirmed as dean in 2007. Like his father, he died in his 50s of a heart attack; he died in Albany, California. The Jon and Ruth Gjerde Graduate Student Endowment was established to benefit the UC Berkeley History Department.
Gjerde's research concerned European immigration to the Midwestern United States and European immigrants in the midwest. Among other accolades, Gjerde won three Theodore Saloutos Memorial Book awards for his writings on immigration and agricultural history. He was most commonly associated with his two prizewinning books, "From Peasants to Farmers: The Migration from Belestrand, Norway, to the Upper Middle West" (1989) and "The Minds of the West: Ethnocultural Revolution in the Rural Middle West, 1830–1917" (1997)

</doc>
<doc id="20015034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015034" title="Zlín Film Festival">
Zlín Film Festival

Zlín Film Festival, also known as the International Film Festival for Children and Youth () is the oldest festival of its kind and it very much respected throughout the world. The festival first took place in 1961 as a national festival of Czechoslovak films for children. Over the course of 54 years, the Zlín Film Festival has become a significant international event of excellent renown. Although the subtitle of the festival speaks of children and youth, the festival offers film and supporting programs for all age groups – from children to university students, adults and even senior citizens.
History.
The establishment of the tradition of a regular film festival in Zlín was the logical result of efforts by local filmmakers to present their work in a local atmosphere. The first year of the festival took place in 1961, exactly 20 years after another film festival had been carried out in Zlín, which went by the name of Film Harvest (or Zliennale). Although these precursors of later film festivals in Zlín were held in the war years 1940 - 1941, they attracted a considerable amount of attention among audiences and the filmmakers themselves. The Film Harvest was graced with the presence of most of the stars of that period's highly productive and internationally successful Czech and Slovak films. The main program was held in Zlín's Grand Cinema, which was the largest cinema in Central Europe at that time. The capacity of the building, completed in 1932, was over 2,500 moviegoers! The Grand Cinema screens film to this day, and regularly hosts, among other events,the opening ceremony of the festival.
Films are not only projected, but also produced in Zlín. In 1936, Jan Antonín Baťa founded a new film studio in the city, which gradually turned into Czechoslovakia's most prominent centre of filmmaking focused on children and youth. Well known filmmaking artists such as Karel Zeman, Hermína Týrlová, Alexander Hackenschmied, Břetislav Pojar and Josef Pinkava created their works in the Zlín film studios. The glorious filmmaking tradition of Zlín continues today in its two film schools. It is the very connection of film and its filmmaking tradition which gives the Zlín Film Festival its unique appeal. In this place with such unique history, the two poles of the film world unite each year: the audience and the filmmakers.
Programme.
The competitive sections of the festival are particularly rich in new films shot within the last two years. They are complemented by either quality films from other festivals or classic works of world cinema. Apart from the five competitive sections, the festival offers a whole range of informative and retrospective sections, including that of documentary full-length films. Each year cinematography of one European nation is presented within an extensive film showcase.
Days of European Cinema.
Since 2003 the main conceptual line of the festival has been represented by the section called the Days of European Cinema (DEC). It is a project which presents one of the major European cinemas to the Czech audience each year. DEC is the dominant element of the whole festival. DEC is represented by new films in the competitive section and a selection of the best and most interesting older films in the non-competitive sections. In the past editions of DEC, the cinemas of France, Scandinavia and the Baltic region, Russia, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom were presented. In previous years, smaller sections presented forums of German, Austrian, Swiss, Slovak and Danish cinema.
In 2014 ZLÍN FILM FESTIVAL will be presenting Polish film. The Days of Polish Cinema will thus bring Czech audience closer to understanding Poland and the Polish mentality from many points of view.
Supporting program.
The rich supporting program includes one of the most notable projects of the festival, the Cinematrain, which is a railway car modified into a projection room that makes its way around the Czech Republic and Slovakia for a few weeks before the film festival. ZLÍN FILM FESTIVAL is thus able to bring happiness even to children who cannot come to Zlín. A great amount of interest is also given each year to the climax of the MINISALON project – an auction of artistically rendered film clapperboards.http://minisalon.cz/ Prominent Czech artists and other significant personalities "artistically empower" these film clapperboards during the autumn and winter. The collection of art works is then put on display and auctioned off during the film festival. The funds procured from their auction are intended for the support of student film productions. International Competition of Student Films and Rainbow Marle is focus on young talent students not only from the Czech Republic but also from all Europe. The festival's supporting program also traditionally also consists of interactive events for children, exhibitions, concerts, creative workshops, etc.
List of main prize winners.
Best feature film for children: My Sweet Orange Tree, dir. Marcos Bernstein, Brazil
Best Feature Film for Youth: So Much Water, dir. Ana Guevara Pose, Uruguay, Mexico, Netherlands, Germany
Best Animated Film: Pilipka, dir. Tatiana Kublitskaya, Belarus 
Best feature film for children: "Chubby Drums", dir. Arne Toonen, Netherlands
Best Feature Film for Youth:"Death of a Superhero", dir. Ian FitzGibbon, Germany, Ireland
Best Animated Film:"Harbor Tale", dir. Yuichi Ito, Japan
Best feature film for children: "The Liverpool Goalie", dir. Arild Andresen, Norway
Best feature film for youth: "Hold Me Tight", dir. Kaspar Munk, Denmark
Best animated film: "Larghetto", dir. Jaroslav Nykl, Czech Republic
Best feature film for children: "Magic Tree", dir. Andrzej Maleszka, Poland
Best feature film for youth: "Sebbe", dir. Babak Najafi, Sweden
Best animated film: "Lost and Found", dir. Philip Hunt, United Kingdom
Best feature film for children: "Who Is Afraid of the Wolf?" (Kdopak by se vlka bál?), dir. Mária Procházková, Czech republic
Best feature film for youth: "Max Embarrassing", dir. Lotte Svendsen, Denmark
Best animated film: "Post!", dir. Christian Asmussen, Matthias Bruhn, Germany
Best feature film for children: "Where is Winky’s Horse?", dir. Mischa Kamp, The Netherlands, Belgium
Best feature film for youth: "The Substitute", dir. Ole Bornedal, Denmark
Best animated film: "The Bears Stories", dir. Marina Karpova, Russia
Best feature film for children: "Little Heroes", directed by Itai Lev, Israel
Best feature film for youth: "Leaps and Bounds", dir. Petter Naess, Sweden
Best animated film: "Tyger", dir. Guilherme Marcondes, Brazil
Best feature film for children: "Bonkers", directed by Martin Koolhoven, The Netherlands
Best feature film for youth: "We Shall Overcome", dir. Niels Arden Oplev, Denmark
Best animated film: "Cartoon", dir. Pál Tóth, Hungary
Best feature film for children: "The Colour of Milk", directed by Torun Lian, Norway
Best feature film for youth: "Fourteen Sucks", dir. Filippa Freijd, Martin Jern, Emil Larsson, Henrik Norrthon, Sweden
Best animated film: "Music Shop", dir. Sofia Kravtsova, Russia
Best feature film for children: "Strong as a Lion", directed by Manne Lindwall, Sweden
Best feature film for youth: "4th Floor", dir. Antonio Mercero, Spain
Best animated film: "Music Shop", dir. Michéle Lemieux, Canada
Best feature film for children: "The Flying Classroom", directed by Tomy Wigand, Germany
Best feature film for youth: "White Oleander", dir. Peter Kosminsky, Germany, USA
Best animated film: "I Want a Dog", dir. Sheldon Cohen, Canada
Best feature film for children: "Children of Petroleum", directed by Ebrahim Forouzesh, Iran
Best feature film for youth: "And Your Mother Too", dir. Alfonso Cuarón, Mexico, USA
Best animated film: "Choo-choo-2", dir. Garri Bardine, Russia
Famous attendants of Zlín Film Festival.
Cyron Melville, Pelle Hvenegaard, Maria Doyle Kennedy, Martin McCann, Patrick McCabe, Martin Duffy, Tim Curry, AnnaSophia Robb, Dakota Blue Richards, Daniel Clark, Randal Kleiser, Stana Katic, Christopher Miles, Haley Joel Osment, Andrej Chalimon, Gerrit van Dijk, Lawrence Guterman, Marléne Jobert, Annie Girardot, Pierre Brice, Gina Lollobrigida, Ornella Muti, Emmanuelle Béart, Oleg Tabakov, Alfonso Cuarón, Krzysztof Zanussi, Michael York, Jan Pinkava, Götz George, Alexej Kotěnočkin, Katerina Jakob, Sir Peter Ustinov, Alexander Mitta, Maximilian Schell and many others.

</doc>
<doc id="20015042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015042" title="Edith Evans Asbury">
Edith Evans Asbury

Edith Evans Asbury (June 30, 1910 – October 30, 2008) was an award-winning journalist who spent nearly thirty years as a reporter with "The New York Times".
Biography.
Born Edith Snyder on June 30, 1910, in New Boston, Ohio, she was the eldest of 16 children. After a summer job at the "Cincinnati Times-Star" at age 19, she left Western College for Women with a passion for journalism that would last most of her life. She married Joe Evans when she was 20 and the couple moved to Knoxville, Tennessee, where she attended the University of Tennessee, receiving bachelor's and master's degrees in American history in 1932 and 1933 respectively. She took a job as a reporter with the "Knoxville News Sentinel" from 1933 to 1937.
In 1937, at the height of the Great Depression, she left Knoxville and her husband (whom she later divorced) and headed to Manhattan despite the lack of any pre-planned prospects for work and wired her editor that she was quitting her job. In New York, she found a sequence of jobs with the "New York Post", the New York City Housing Authority, the "Associated Press" and the "New York World-Telegram and Sun", where she served as assistant editor for women's news. While at the World-Telegram in 1952, Asbury was elected President of the New York Newspaper Women's Club.
She married journalist Herbert Asbury in 1945; the two divorced in 1958. It was the second marriage for both. Her husband was best known for his 1928 book "The Gangs of New York", which was later adapted as a screenplay for the 2002 Martin Scorsese film. Her 1971 marriage to "Times" assistant managing editor Robert E. Garst ended with his death in 1980.
"The New York Times".
She accepted a position with "The New York Times" in 1952 with the proviso that she be assigned to the city room and not the women's department of the paper. Her first byline in the paper was a story from December 5, 1952, on a ceremony welcoming Saint Nicholas held in Westchester County, New York. Others among her earliest stories with the paper included items about holiday shopping on Fifth Avenue, a lost canary, and the Fifth Avenue Easter Parade.
More serious work followed, including a 1955 series on the problems of the elderly. She was one of several reporters sent by the "Times" in 1956 to write about desegregation in the South following the Supreme Court's 1954 decision "Brown v. Board of Education", which was summarized in a special eight-page section published in March 1956 and made available to the public as a reprint. Her reporting in 1958 about an unwritten ban on counseling and prescription of birth control in New York City hospitals was credited with helping overturn the ban.
Asbury was known for her tenacity; New York City Mayor John Lindsay was said to have been so angered by her that he smashed his telephone after slamming down the receiver.
Even after her retirement from the "Times" in 1981, Asbury continued to write for the paper, including items about travel to Europe and China. Into her 90s, Asbury would call reporters at the paper, offering suggestions on potential stories that had been overlooked.
Awards and recognition.
The Women's Press Club of New York City gave Asbury its Newspaper Award of Merit for "outstanding achievement in the field of journalism of benefit to the City of New York in 1964". Asbury was recognized in 1967 with the Page One Award from the Newspaper Guild of New York for a series about a family's successful battle to adopt a blind foster child.
Asbury was also one of the first women allowed to join the Inner Circle Show in 1973.
Her health had deteriorated for two years, and she died at her home in Greenwich Village in Manhattan at age 98, on October 30, 2008. A specific cause of death was not disclosed.

</doc>
<doc id="20015052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015052" title="Energy Micro">
Energy Micro

Energy Micro AS is a fabless semiconductor company specializing in 32-bit RISC ARM chips. The company focuses on ultra low energy consumption MCUs, SoC radios and RF Transceiver. Its EFM32 microcontroller families are based on the ARM Cortex-M0 or M3 processor core with a feature set for low power operation.
History.
Energy Micro was founded in 2007. The team consists of semiconductor experienced personnel where the President and CEO Geir Førre previously founded Chipcon, now a subsidiary of Texas Instruments. Co-founder and CTO Øyvind Janbu has experience from Chipcon, Texas Instruments, and Tandberg. Co-founder and the VP of Engineering, Eirik Jørgensen, has previously worked for Atmel. Co-founder and VP of Sales Operation, John Fjellheim, previously worked for Chipcon. In addition to the original founders the following individuals are now part of Energy Micro's management team; Andreas Koller joined from Texas Instruments as the VP of Worldwide Sales and Marketing, Zalina Shaher joined as the VP of Operations and she has former experience from Motorola and Silicon Laboratories, while Phi Hong joined as the VP of Finance.
Energy Micro's Board of Directors include Daniel Artusi, Daniel Hoste, both with several key positions in semiconductor companies. The Chairman is Torleif Ahlsand from Northzone Ventures, and Board Member Steinar Fossen from Investinor joined after the two VC companies invested a total of $13 million in Energy Micro's first funding round.
In June 2013, Silicon Labs announced intentions to acquire low-power ARM microcontroller specialist Energy Micro

</doc>
<doc id="20015072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015072" title="Jalan Bukit Merah, Singapore">
Jalan Bukit Merah, Singapore

Jalan Bukit Merah is a road in Singapore, and it links Kampong Bahru Road to the Portsdown Road. It has junctions along the Lower Delta Road and Alexandra Road, and including the Central Expressway. The bus lane starts at the Lower Delta Road instead of Kampong Bahru Road.

</doc>
<doc id="20015074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015074" title="Upland Arms">
Upland Arms

Upland Arms is a village located in Carmarthenshire based along the A484 running between Carmarthen and Kidwelly.

</doc>
<doc id="20015085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015085" title="La Cité antique">
La Cité antique

The Ancient City ("La Cité antique"), published in 1864, is the most famous book of the French historian Numa Denis Fustel de Coulanges (1830-1889). Taking inspiration from René Descartes, and based on texts of ancient historians and poets, the author investigates the origins of the most archaic institutions of Greek and Roman society.
In the preface of the book, he warns of the error that lies in examining the habits of ancient people with reference to those of today, when it is necessary to avoid our biases and study ancient peoples in the light of the facts.
Fustel de Coulanges sees religion and cult as the foundation of the institutions of the Greeks and Romans. Each family had their belief, their gods, and their worship. The rules of ownership, inheritance, etc., were governed by that cult. Over time, need has led men to regularize and make more consistent their relations with one another, and the rules that govern the family were transferred to increasingly larger units, arriving eventually at the city. Therefore, the origin of the city is also religious, as is witnessed by the practice of lustration, a periodic purification ceremony in connection with the census of all citizens, and by the public banquets in honor of local gods.
The laws originally encoded the privileges of the aristocracy, causing great discomfort to the plebs and a social revolution in which the common well-being of society became the new basis of religion. The city thus came into being for some time, until its extinction with the arrival of Christianity.
The original work is available online: http://remacle.org/bloodwolf/livres/Fustel/intro.htm

</doc>
<doc id="20015093" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015093" title="Heavy Hitters (comics)">
Heavy Hitters (comics)

Heavy Hitters is a fictional superhero team in the Marvel Comics universe. The group of heroes first appears as the official Nevada Fifty State Initiative team and was created by Christos Gage and Stefano Caselli.
Fictional history.
After having dealt with a Skrull infiltrator on the Desert Stars Initiative team, 3-D Man and the Skrull Kill Krew travel to Nevada along with Desert Stars member Komodo. There, they kill a Skrull that had infiltrated the Heavy Hitters team as an unnamed member. Hardball leaves with these heroes to deal with the Skrulls on the other teams. Hardball later betrays and quits the team, and becomes a leader of HYDRA.
After Norman Osborn assumes control of the Initiative, he places Prodigy in charge of the Heavy Hitters, and transfers Gravity to the Great Lakes Avengers. The criminal Boomerang is added to the team, using the name "Outback". When Nonstop tries to quit and escapes, the other team members chase her and capture her. When a news crew arrives, Outback attempts to frame Nonstop as a thief. Prodigy reveals "Outback" as Boomerang and punches him out, declaring that the Heavy Hitters are seceding from the Fifty State Intitiative. The team waits for Osborn's repraisal out in the open, intending for the fight to be caught on camera. Force of Nature attack the team, and are soon joined by the U-Foes, Freedom Force, members of the , and some members of the Hood's army. The Initiative members then ganged up on Prodigy while Telemetry and Nonstop capture footage of the combat and upload it to YouTube. With the help of the Avengers Resistance, Nonstop and Telemetry leave the country to go into hiding, taking Debrii with them.
After Osborn is taken down during the events of Siege, Prodigy is released from prison and honored for his fight against Osborn.
During the "Fear Itself" storyline, members of the Heavy Hitters appear at a meeting held by Prodigy regarding magical hammers that have crashed into the earth.

</doc>
<doc id="20015100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015100" title="Count of Valença">
Count of Valença

Count of Valença (in Portuguese "Conde de Valença") was a Portuguese title of nobility, created by a royal decree, dated from July 20, 1464, by King Afonso V of Portugal, and granted to "Dom" Henrique de Menezes, who was already 3rd Count of Viana (da Foz do Lima) and 4th Count of Viana (do Alentejo).
However, on November 12, 1471, he gave back to the Crown the County of Valença and received in exchange the County of Loulé.
Later, on December 12, 1499, by a royal decree issued by King Manuel I of Portugal, the County of Valença was granted again this time to Dom Fernando de Menezes who was already 2nd Marquis of Vila Real, 4th Count of Vila Real, 1st Count of Alcoutim, a cousin to the 1st Count.
The Counts of Valenza and Valladares (Spanish Title).
When the 7th Marquis of Vila Real, 7th Count of Valença, along with his son the Duke of Caminha, was executed in Portugal for high treason in 1641, his daughter, Beatrice of Menezes, married to the Spanish Count of Medellin, remained in Spain.
To reward her fidelity towards the Spanish Habsburgs, King Philip IV of Spain gave her, the 23 March 1660, the title of Countess of Valenza and Valladares (Spanish spelling) as a Spanish title with, included today among the titles of the House of Medinaceli.
Beatrice of Menezes never returned to her homeland and this title was never recognized in Portugal
Counts of Valenza and Valladares (1660-).
The heiress apparent is Ana Luisa de Medina, Marquise of Navahermosa (b. 1940).
Bibliography.
”Nobreza de Portugal e do Brasil" – Vol. III, page 467. Published by Zairol Lda., Lisbon 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="20015106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015106" title="Damien Timmer">
Damien Timmer

Damien Timmer is Joint-Managing Director of British independent production company Mammoth Screen, which was established in 2007. He has Executive Produced "Lost in Austen", "Wuthering Heights" and "Bouquet of Barbed Wire" for ITV, and "Margot", "Blandings" and "Christopher and His Kind" for the BBC. "Monroe" is a new series for ITV. "Parade's End" is a major 5 part serial by Tom Stoppard being made for the BBC in 2011.
Damien Timmer also Executive Produces "Marple", "Poirot" and "Lewis" for ITV, and Executive Produced "The Prisoner" with AMC / ITV Productions.
Previously, Damien Timmer was Head of Granada London Drama, where he was responsible for Executive Producing "Housewife, 49", "Dracula", "Ballet Shoes" and Russell T Davies’ "Casanova", starring David Tennant, made by Red Productions.

</doc>
<doc id="20015109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015109" title="2009 National Football League (Ireland)">
2009 National Football League (Ireland)

The 2009 Allianz National Football League was the Gaelic football league contested by 33 GAA counties' football teams: 32 from Ireland and one (London) from England. The tournament began with a game between Dublin and Tyrone on the 31st of January 2009 at Croke Park. The National Football league is regarded as the second most prestigious inter-county football competition (the All-Ireland Senior Football Championship being the most important).
Format.
The National Football League consists of four separate divisions. There are eight teams in the top three divisions and nine in Division Four. Placings are decided by:
The top two in each division play a final match to decide the division champions. The top two in divisions 2, 3 and 4 are promoted, whilst the bottom two in 1, 2 and 3 are relegated.

</doc>
<doc id="20015131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015131" title="Walter Dubislav">
Walter Dubislav

Walter Dubislav (born 20 September 1895 in Berlin; died 17 September 1937 in Prague) was a German logician and philosopher of science ("Wissenschaftstheoretiker"). After studying mathematics and philosophy, he attained a doctorate in 1922 with "Contributions to the theories of definition and proof within mathematical logic" ("Beiträge zur Lehre von der Definition und vom Beweis vom Standpunkt der mathematischen Logik aus"). In 1928 he became a private lecturer in philosophy of mathematics and the natural sciences at the Technical University of Berlin and from 1931 was "Professor Extraordinarius" ("außerordentlicher Professor, ao. Prof."). In 1936 he emigrated.
He was joint founder (with Hans Reichenbach and Kurt Grelling) of the 'Berlin Society for Empirical ("later: Scientific") Philosophy' ("Berliner Gesellschaft für empirische Philosophie"), which, along with the Vienna Circle, is one of the points of origin of logical empiricism. The founding members of the Berlin Circle were listed as sympathisers within the Vienna Circle.
Dubislav focused on a logical and mechanistic foundation of mathematics and physics, influenced by Bernard Bolzano's "Theory of Science" ("Wissenschaftslehre"). He presented a formalised account of Gottlob Frege's theory of definitions.

</doc>
<doc id="20015136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015136" title="Racers">
Racers

Racers may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20015142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015142" title="Mihailo Ivanović">
Mihailo Ivanović

Mihailo Ivanović (Kuči 1874 - Herceg Novi 1949) was a Montenegrin politician in the early 20th century. He was the president of the People's Party and a 'klubaš' leader from 1907 to 1918. After unification, he was disappointed and had become an important leader of the Montenegrin Federalist Party in the assembly of the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes, and then a World War II Nazi collaborator. 
During his studied in Belgrade in 1899 he was deported from Serbia with a group of Montenegrins on the grounds that they had prepared a terrorist act. He graduated from the Faculty of Law at the University of Zagreb and returned to Montenegro where he worked in the court in Nikšić. Later he became a member of the High Court in the Kingdom of Montenegro. 
Ivanović became a believer in Montenegrin unity with Serbia and in 1912 moved to Belgrade. He stayed there until king Nicholas I amnestied him and he returned once more to Montenegro. After the Podgorica Assembly he became a member of the Montenegrin Federalist Party. He was elected to the National Assembly in 1923, 1925, and 1927. 
With the establishment of an independent Montenegro during World War II under the patronage of Italy, he participated in the St. Peter's Day Parliament which was to announce a new Montenegrin government. After the war, he lost his citizen's rights under the communist regime for having worked with the Italians.

</doc>
<doc id="20015149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015149" title="Shmaky">
Shmaky

Smacker,is a food of Czech origin made from egg whites. It is rich in high quality proteins, has a low energetic value and contains low amounts of fats, sugars and cholesterol. Such characteristics make Smacker an ideal substitute or supplement to meat. It contains no artificial colours or preservatives.
Production.
Smacker is made from high quality egg whites using a special patented technology based on boiling whipped egg whites in water, and then pressing the resulting matter into blocks.
The production process was developed by Protein Foods Ltd. in cooperation with Food Research Institute Prague and leading nutrition specialists as a part of a unique product line Natural Line. Protein Foods Ltd. was founded in 2000 as a subsidiary company of Drubezarna Vejprnice Ltd.
Characteristics and Usage.
The flavor and texture of Smacker can be likened to chicken or fish meat. There are two basic varieties of Smacker, a fresh Smacker and a smoked Smacker. Although Smacker has a specific mild flavor and smell on its own, it easily absorbs other flavors, so it can be used for preparation of various dishes. It can also be easily seasoned or marinated to suit the dish, or even barbecued.

</doc>
<doc id="20015176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015176" title="Adair County News">
Adair County News

The Adair County News was a weekly newspaper published on Wednesdays, in Columbia, Adair County, Kentucky "The Adair County News" was first published in 1887, and was last published in 1987.
History.
Beginning.
"The Adair County News" was founded by Charles S. Harris in 1887 as a Democratic alternative to Alvin A. Strange's Republican "Columbia Spectator", in its first issue it was stated that the purpose of the News was that it was to serve as "a true Democratic paper, come to advocate honest convictions and defend noble principles."

</doc>
<doc id="20015188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015188" title="Kieselstein Castle">
Kieselstein Castle

Kieselstein Castle, also known as Khislstein, () is a 13th-century castle in the city of Kranj, in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.
The castle stands at what was once a defensible point, guarding the city pier and crossing over the river Sava, and was predated on the site by a round 11th-century keep. The current structure was built in 1256 by the counts of Ortenburg, by an arrangement with the lord of Kranj, duke Ulrik III Spanheim. Until 1420, the tower was managed by their ministeriales or vassals, the knights von Chreinburch; in that year, it passed to count Herman of Celje. During the period of Turkish incursions, the tower was incorporated into the city walls. After the extinction of the Counts of Celje in 1456, it was inherited by the Habsburgs, who sold it in the mid 16th century to baron Janž Khiessl. Khiessl successfully petitioned emperor Ferdinand I for the right to rename the castle after himself, and also expanded the tower into an L-shaped castle, giving it its present appearance.
The Khiessls soon sold the castle to Franz the noble Moscon; later owners included the Ravbar, Apfaltrer, Auersperg and finally Natalis Pagliaruzzi noble families. In 1913 the castle was purchased by the state. Between the world wars, it housed government offices; after World War II it was (somewhat redundantly) nationalized. In 1952, the building was renovated according to plans drawn up by the architect Jože Plečnik.
Today the renovated building houses the Kranj Municipal Agency for the Protection of Natural and Cultural Heritage, as well as the Upper Carniola Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="20015195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015195" title="Erik Clarys">
Erik Clarys

Erik Clarys (born 18 October 1968) is a Belgian former darts player. He competed for the British Darts Organisation and the Professional Darts Corporation. He is nicknamed "The Sheriff". Clarys was known for his unorthodox way of scoring and finishing which made him popular with fans.
BDO career.
Clarys caused a major upset by winning the 1995 Winmau World Masters. Amongst his victims were future World and Masters champions Andy Fordham and Martin Adams before beating reigning Masters and World champion Richie Burnett in the final. Clarys continued to do well in tournaments, winning the Belgium National Championship four times, the Belgium Gold Cup three times, the Dortmund Open three times as well as the 1999 Swedish Open. Despite this however, he wasn't able to match these performances in other major tournaments. He played in six BDO World Championships, losing in the first round in his first four visits. He finally won a match at the Lakeside in the fifth time of asking in 2002, beating Andree Welge before losing in the second round to Raymond van Barneveld. In 2003, Clarys beat Tony Eccles and Robert Wagner en route to the quarter finals, eventually losing again to Barneveld.
PDC career.
In 2004, Clarys switched to the PDC, after qualifying for their World Championship, beating Dan Lauby and Mark Walsh to reach the third round, losing to Ronnie Baxter. Though Clarys was unable to win any titles, he had good showings in major tournaments including a quarter final place in the 2005 UK Open. He made another appearance in the PDC World Championship, beating Winston Cadogan in round one before losing to Wayne Mardle. He then went on to win the WDF German Gold Cup.
Injury and retirement.
In June 2006, Clarys shattered his right elbow after falling from a ladder while at work, forcing him to withdraw from the 2006 UK Open. He was ranked 26th in the PDC world rankings at the time of his accident and was in the running for qualification for the World Matchplay. After eleven operations, Clarys has now given up all hope of returning to darts as a right-handed player. He has though begun practising throwing left-handed and stated he hoped to return to the game some day. He does however remain inactive.

</doc>
<doc id="20015198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015198" title="Gameplay of Final Fantasy">
Gameplay of Final Fantasy

Although each installment of the Final Fantasy series is generally set in a different fictional world with separate storylines, there are several commonalities from game to game when it comes to gameplay, many aspects of which have remained relatively consistent throughout the series.
Parties and battles.
Throughout the "Final Fantasy" series, the most basic element of the gameplay has been that players command a party of characters during battle. The maximum size of the party has been as low as two and as high as seven, depending on the game. Players must face a variety of enemies who continually try to damage the player, as well as afflict "status ailments" upon the characters, such as poisoning them or putting them to sleep. Many of the games feature a random encounter system, where the player is randomly drawn into battle with enemies that are not visible on the map. This remained true of the numbered entries in the series until "Final Fantasy XI" changed to a system where all enemies are visible as the player explores the game world.
In battle, the characters can select a variety of commands from a menu, such as "Fight", "Magic", "Item", as well as other special skills such as "Steal", "Throw" or "Summon." The battle is won when all enemies are defeated, whilst the game ends if all player characters are unable to fight (either by losing all of their health, or if they are stuck in a state which requires another ally to cure them in order to continue fighting, such as petrification). In some, but not all battles, the player may attempt to flee. While "Final Fantasy VI" introduced "Desperation Attacks," where characters very low on hit points had the chance to use a much stronger attack than usual, with each Desperation Attack unique to each character, Yoshinori Kitase created an improved system in "Final Fantasy VII" called "Limit Breaks". These were powerful attacks that gained strength as the player took damage, and were accompanied by a sophisticated animation. Since then, games in the series allow characters to perform special moves when they fill up a power meter, and this gameplay component has become synonymous with the series.
As the series has gone on, the battle system has evolved from the basic turn-based combat system used in the original "Final Fantasy" to incorporate more real-time elements. The original turn-based system, with the player characters on the right and the enemies on the left, has been imitated by numerous RPGs. A major departure from this system came in "Final Fantasy IV", when Hiroyuki Ito introduced the "Active Time Battle" (ATB) system, where the time-keeping mechanism does not stop whilst the player selects commands. Square filed a Japanese patent application related to the ATB system on July 16, 1991 and a corresponding US application on March 16, 1992. One Japanese patent (JP2794230) and two US patents (US5390937 and US5649862) were granted based on these applications. On the battle screen, each character has an ATB meter that gradually fills, and the player is allowed to issue a command to that character once the meter is full. Because enemies can attack at any time, and the player can lose his turn if he doesn't attack quick enough, urgency and excitement are injected into the combat system. When designing the ATB system, Ito was inspired by Formula One racing. According to "Final Fantasy IV's" lead designer, Takashi Tokita, "the planner, Hiroyuki Ito, was watching a Formula One race. Seeing all the cars pass each other, we thought of an interesting idea where character speed would differ depending on, I suppose, the type of character it is. So, that's where the initial idea came from."
The ATB system remained the norm until "Final Fantasy X" implemented a "Conditional Turn-Based" (CTB) system, which slowed gameplay while making it important for the right characters to square off against the right monsters. Its sequel, "Final Fantasy X-2", used a faster paced variant of the ATB system. "Final Fantasy XI" altered the system further by instituting a real-time system, where characters continuously attack unless issued another command. "Final Fantasy XII" introduced the "Active Dimension Battle" system, where the player may issue commands to the characters, or allow them to act automatically with certain behavioral triggers. In "Final Fantasy XIII", a completely new version of the ATB system was introduced. Here, the ATB gauge is divided into segments and commands can take up from one segment to the entire bar, so different commands can be mixed and matched as the player sees fit. The ATB bar can also be upgraded to have more segments via the game's Crystarium leveling system. This version of the ATB system returns in "Final Fantasy XIII's" sequel, "Final Fantasy XIII-2".
Minigames.
"Final Fantasy" has become known for its inclusion of one or more minigames as part of its core gameplay, beginning mainly with "Final Fantasy VII". Participation and progression in these minigames generally does not affect the main game, but can often offer many items or "power ups" that are either very rare, or simply otherwise unavailable. However, in some "Final Fantasy" installments, such as "Final Fantasy VII" and "Final Fantasy X", certain minigames are sometimes necessary in order to progress the storyline.
The earliest origins of these minigames were in the form of simple easter eggs which could be unlocked by pressing special button combinations in a particular location. For example, in the first "Final Fantasy", a sliding puzzle can be unlocked while on board the ship. In "Final Fantasy II", a matching game can be unlocked while boarding the ice sled and meeting a certain requirement. However, "Final Fantasy VII" was the first game to feature a large number of 'proper' minigames. A number of minigames appear occasionally throughout the main storyline and at various locations, many of which can later be played at the Gold Saucer theme park within the game, along with various other minigames exclusive to the Gold Saucer. These include, amongst others, a chocobo racing game, chocobo breeding, motorbike racing, a snowboarding game, an arm wrestling game, a martial arts game, and a basketball game. A port of the snowboarding minigame was released in Japan and North America in as a separate game for mobile phones, entitled "Final Fantasy VII Snowboarding".
"Final Fantasy VIII" introduced the card game "Triple Triad". It was not considered an essential part of the game, but instead served to provide light relief to the storyline and allow the player to interact with minor characters in a different way. Through the use of a "Card Mod" ability, the player is able to create rare items by converting cards earned by defeating various competitors. "Final Fantasy VIII" was the first of the series to introduce a side-game with such interaction. Triple Triad was praised by GameSpot as a "more-than-worthy RPG minigame." Following the release of the game, Japanese games company Bandai produced a full set of collectible "Triple Triad" cards. The set was made up of the 110 cards, as seen in the game, along with 72 artwork cards and a collector's edition playing mat.
Another major minigame in "Final Fantasy VIII" is "Chocobo World" which was released as a handheld electronic game for the PocketStation (a peripheral for PlayStation). The game could be played exclusively, or as a minigame. The game was present in all localizations of "Final Fantasy VIII", but the PocketStation itself was only released in Japan. In 2000, "Chocobo World" was ported to the Windows version of "Final Fantasy VIII". The game allows players to control Boko, a chicobo (young chocobo), on his quest to save his friend Mog from the clutches of an evil demon. The game's screen consists of black and white pixel graphics and is presented in a manner similar to the "virtual pet" concept conceived by Bandai's Tamagotchi. To play in conjunction with "Final Fantasy VIII", the player must find Boko in the world of the main game. Once accomplished, the player receives a user interface for communicating with the minigame. At any time, the player may send Boko into "Chocobo World" to gain experience and collect special items, which are transferred back for use in the main game. In addition, Boko may be used as a summon in "Final Fantasy VIII".
Similar to "Triple Triad", "Tetra Master" is a card game found in "Final Fantasy IX". Unlike most of the minigames in the series, a few "Tetra Master" games must be played, one at the beginning of the game, and several closer to the end. "Tetra Master" was seen by GameSpot as inferior and confusing compared to "Triple Triad", as the rules were only vaguely explained in the game, and there were very few rewards earned from playing it despite its extensiveness. "Final Fantasy IX" also had an additional minigame named "Chocobo Hot and Cold". Upon the acquisition of a chocobo, the player is able to access the game inside of Chocobo Forest. No games of "Chocobo Hot and Cold" are required to progress through the main game, although items received through the game could be used in the main game, including both regular game items and clues towards discovering more items.
In "Final Fantasy X" and "Final Fantasy X-2", the main minigame is "Blitzball", a underwater sport featuring six-man teams that combines the physicality of rugby and soccer for scoring, and the hand passes of water polo. The game is played in a large sphere pool suspended in the air. Although blitzball is a crucial element to "Final Fantasy X"s plot, only one game "must" be played, although the player has the option of playing through an entire season of the game if they wish. In "Final Fantasy X", the player controls the individual players on the team, while in "X-2" they act as manager and coach. "X-2" also has a game called "Sphere Break", a mathematical game using numbered coins that possess several different attributes which can help the player in the Sphere Break minigame itself or gain items that can help in the various battles throughout the main game. GameSpot were unimpressed with blitzball, commenting that "trivial minigames have been creeping into the "Final Fantasy" games at an alarming rate over the last few years, and in this regard, "X-2" is definitely the most egregious offender in the series".
Character growth and classes.
The "Final Fantasy" series is like many role-playing video games in that it uses a level-up system, where players gain experience points and raise their character's experience level by killing enemies. Players may have difficulty defeating an enemy until they reach a higher experience level, although "Final Fantasy VIII" reduces the need to level-up by making the enemy's experience level always match that of the player's.
Each character class in a "Final Fantasy" game has unique abilities which develop as the player's level increases. In some titles, the player can assign a character with a specific class at the start of the game, while others allow characters to combine and learn abilities from a number of classes. In addition to other abilities, a character's class usually determines the types of weapons and armor that they can use. Some of the more traditional classes include the Warrior/Fighter, the Dragoon, the Thief and the different Mages/Wizards. Mage classes have included Black Mages (who use offensive spells), White Mages (who cast healing magic), Red Mages (who use both), Blue Mages (who use enemy spells and attacks cast against them), and Time Mages (who cast spells which speed up or slow down time). More original classes have appeared throughout the series, such as Bards, Scholars, and Summoners. Due to the series' popularity, they have become staples of RPGs since they debuted in "Final Fantasy III".
The complexity of the class system varies from game to game. In the original "Final Fantasy", the player allocates permanent class selections to the four playable characters at the beginning of the game, and each of the six starting classes can be upgraded to a corresponding advanced class midway through the game.
Characters in "Final Fantasy II" are molded according to their performance in battle. "Final Fantasy III" changed the formula by allowing the player to change a character's class, as well as acquire new and advanced classes and combine class abilities.
In "Final Fantasy IV", the characters are assigned a job class that reflects their personality in the storyline, and in some cases the character's classes are not explicitly stated; abilities related to the character's class are learned as the character gains experience points. "Final Fantasy IV" also introduced the concept of characters joining or leaving the party throughout the storyline, which requires players to adjust their battle plans constantly.
In "Final Fantasy V", each character can be assigned and re-assigned one of 22 'jobs', gaining attributes in that job as they win battles. Many praised the game for the freedom this system afforded, although some considered the system highly complex, and it has been speculated that this may have been one of the reasons the game was not initially released in North America.
In "Final Fantasy VI", characters are locked into specific classes from the start of the game, and each has a signature command, such as "Dance", "Lore" or "Mimic." In "Final Fantasy VII" and "Final Fantasy VIII", characters lack classes, and they all play the same in battle; nevertheless, each character has one or more unique limit breaks, and particular characters statistically support the informal adoption of class roles.
In "Final Fantasy IX", characters have predetermined "dormant abilities" similar to "Final Fantasy IV"; however, the characters in "Final Fantasy IX" learn abilities by wearing equipment instead of gaining levels. "Final Fantasy X" introduced the "sphere grid"; characters began at certain areas of the grid, which represent traditional character classes by their statistical bonuses and abilities. Character classes were re-introduced in "Final Fantasy X-2" as "dresspheres"; these classes are gradually acquired and can be changed at any point, including battle mode.
The classes that appear in "Final Fantasy XI", the first massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG) title in the series, have certain unique implementations that more closely follow MMORPG convention. Notably, in "Final Fantasy XI" a player can equip a secondary job, called a "subjob", and have half the abilities of that class. Extensive backstories are often given to "Final Fantasy XI"s job classes to add to the setting's lore.
In "Final Fantasy XII", the player can mold characters into anything, without restriction of traditional classes. However, in the game's international version and in "", the growth system is modified to have more clearly defined classes. In "Final Fantasy XIII", characters can switch class mid-battle and in the field, utilizing the Paradigm system. In "Final Fantasy XIV", player classes vary by what weapon they are wielding (i.e. wielding a sword turns that player into a Gladiator, while wielding knuckles turns the player into a Pugilist etc.). Additionally, abilities learned from other classes may be junctioned onto the player's current class (i.e. a Pugilist may use Red Lotus from the Gladiator class)
In "Final Fantasy Tactics" and "Final Fantasy Tactics Advance", classes are once again chosen by the player from one of the starting jobs; however, characters must meet prerequisites before changing classes.
Magic.
Like many role-playing games, the titles in the "Final Fantasy" series feature a system of magic. While the first game in the series had eight levels of spells with one to eight uses per level, later games jettisoned this concept for a common pool of magic points that all spells consume. Magic in the series is generally divided into classes, which are usually organized by color. The actual magic classes vary from game to game, but most games include "White Magic", which is focused primarily on spells that help teammates, and "Black Magic", which is focused on harming enemies. A character who is proficient in White or Black magic is often known as a White Mage or Black Mage, respectively. Other games include other types of mages and spells, such as Geomancers, who can cast spells based on the terrain, Blue Mages who can cast spells that are learned from enemies in battle, and Red Mages who can cast both white and black magic. In most games, the most powerful offensive White Magic spell is "Holy", while the most powerful black magic spell is often "Ultima" (a White Magic in "Final Fantasy II"), "Meteor", or "Meltdown".
How magic is acquired in the series tends to differ radically from game to game. For example, in "Final Fantasy VI", magic is obtained from the remnants of a dead "Esper" called magicite; this also allows for the ability to summon the "Esper" during battle when the magicite is equipped. In "Final Fantasy VII", materia works similarly to "Final Fantasy VI"s magicite, but unlike in "Final Fantasy VI" where magic learned by a character is permanently at their disposal, magic in "Final Fantasy VII" is attached to the materia and not the character.
Summoning Magic.
Another recurring class of magic is Summoning Magic, which calls forth magical creatures to attack enemies and/or heal or protect party members. These entities have been known by different names throughout the series; "Call Beasts" ("Final Fantasy IV"), "Espers" ("Final Fantasy VI" and "Final Fantasy XII"), "Guardian Force" ("Final Fantasy VIII"), "Eidolons" ("Final Fantasy IX", "Final Fantasy XIII", and the DS version of "Final Fantasy IV"), "Aeons" ("Final Fantasy X"), "Avatars" ("Final Fantasy XI"), or simply "Summon Monsters." They were first introduced in "Final Fantasy III", with eight different summons, and hit a peak of 51 different summons in "Final Fantasy XII: Revenant Wings". These summoned creatures often draw their names from classic mythology, or derivations thereof. For example, Ifrit and Bahamut come from Arabian mythology, though Bahamut is more akin to the draconic deity from "Dungeons & Dragons". Carbuncle and Quetzalcoatl come from The Mesoamerican mythology. Shiva, Garuda, and Lakshmi come from Hindu mythology. Ramuh is also a Hindu-inspired summon, drawn from Indra and Rama. Meanwhile, the serpent Leviathan is inspired by the Old Testament, and Phoenix is drawn from Egyptian mythology. Greek mythology inspired Titan, Hecatonchires, Hades, Typhon, Cerberus, and Siren, while Norse mythology was the source for Odin the warrior, Fenrir the wolf, and Midgardsormr the serpent. Doomtrain's Japanese name, Glasya-Labolas, is taken from the grimoire of demons, "The Lesser Key of Solomon". Cait Sith is derived from the Celtic Cat Sìth or Cat Sidhe (pronounced cat shee), a black cat with a white patch on its chest.
Airships and transport.
Although some "Final Fantasy" games have featured unique vehicles such as a spaceplane or hovercraft, many vehicles are common to several games in the series. Many games in the series allowed players to pilot a ship over oceans and seas, with some even allowing players to pilot a submarine underwater. Trains also appear in several games in the series. The first three games allowed players to ride a canoe through rivers. All games since "Final Fantasy II" have featured a chocobo, a species of fictional bird which often acts as a mode of transport.
One of the most iconic modes of transport in the "Final Fantasy" series is the airship, which has appeared in every game. The visual style of each airship varies between games. In several games, they are repaired and improved during the story, allowing the player to access new areas. In many games, they have built in weapons for random encounters, which attack at the beginning of a battle. However, in "Final Fantasy X", "Final Fantasy X-2", and "Final Fantasy XII", flight is abstracted with a short cutscene, and essentially allows the player to teleport between locations. The impossibly fast 'Nautilus' in "Final Fantasy III" was dubbed the fastest airship in the whole series, travelling across the world map in less than 10 seconds.
Inventory.
Crystals.
Elemental orbs or crystals have appeared in more than ten of the fourteen main titles in the series. They usually drive the plot as an essential link to the planet's life force, and thus the player must often find or collect these crystals to advance the plot.
Currency.
All "Final Fantasy" games allow players to purchase various items and equipment from shops, using a currency known as . "Final Fantasy IV" is the only game to explain the origin of the word; in that game, the word "Gil" is derived from "Gilbart", a common name for members of the royal family of Damcyan, and was originally used as the currency of Damcyan. The most common way to earn gil in the series is from random battles, although "Final Fantasy VIII" is a notable exception where gil is earned as a regular stipend from an academy for mercenaries.
Weapons.
Numerous weapons have seen recurring use throughout the series; others have been influenced by a variety of mythological and fantasy concepts. For example, the Excalibur, named after the King Arthur legend, and Masamune, named after the Japanese swordsmith, have been top-tier blade weapons since the first "Final Fantasy". As the series has progressed, other weapons, such as the Ultima Weapon, the Blood Sword, Sasuke's Katana and the Ragnarok, have been introduced. Interspersed between unique weapons are a graded scale of other, more common weapons, usually sold in shops. They are typically labeled according to the following progression, from weakest to strongest: Bronze, Iron, Steel, Mythril/Silver, Gold, Platinum, Diamond, Crystal, Adamantite (found in "Final Fantasy"), and Adamantine. "Wooden" weapons and "Leather" armor are also often seen throughout the series.
Swords are commonly seen throughout the series, and come in various forms. Elemental swords, which include a certain element, such as fire or wind, are seen in almost every installment in the series. Some elemental swords launch an additional magical attack during battle, such as the Lightbringer in "Final Fantasy VI". Elemental swords have had many names, fire-elemental swords are usually named 'Flame Saber' or 'Flametongue', ice-elemental swords are named 'Blizzard' or 'Ice Brand', and thunder-elemental swords are named 'Thunderblade' or 'Coral Sword'. A water-elemental sword hasn't been used often, but in "Final Fantasy X" the main character obtains one called 'Brotherhood', and in "Final Fantasy X-2", the Warrior dresssphere has a water-elemental sword attack called 'Liquid Steel'.
There are also various staffs/rods featured in many of the games, which often use special actions, many of do not directly damage (or deal very low damage) and are often beneficial, such as the "Healing Staff" found in "Final Fantasy IV" and "Final Fantasy V". Additionally, some weapons can be used from the items menu, and can produce a variety of effects, such as dealing damage to an enemy, placing a negative status effect on an enemy, healing the user or an ally, or placing a positive status effect on the user or an ally.
The "Final Fantasy" installments also feature several types of projectile weapons, including bows, balls, guns, boomerangs, and launchers. Gunblades have a gun-like handle which contains a firing mechanism, but are not considered projectile as the firing mechanism only makes the blade vibrate causing extra damage, and does not fire any actual shells, with the exception of Yazoo's gunblades from ', Weiss's twin gunblades from ', and Lightning's gunblades from "Final Fantasy XIII". In some installments, such as "Final Fantasy III" and "Final Fantasy IV", ammunition (bullets and arrows) is limited; others, like "Final Fantasy XII", require the player to carry a stock of ammunition that can never be depleted. Other installments, like "Final Fantasy VII", omit ammunition completely. Some of the common recurring projectile weapons include Yoichi's Bow, and the Full Moon boomerang.
In addition to the types of weapons above, the series has also included whips, dice, lances, axes, knives, daggers, hammers, claws and other common weapons.
Armor and accessories.
Armor typically follows the same alloy progression as swords. A common type of armour in the series is the "Genji" armor, which is seen in "Final Fantasy II", "Final Fantasy IV", "Final Fantasy V", "Final Fantasy VI", "Final Fantasy VII", "Final Fantasy IX", "Final Fantasy X", "Final Fantasy Tactics" and "Final Fantasy XII". The Genji armor consists of a shield, helmet, body armor, and sometimes gloves. Some armor featured in the series is named after metals or stones; others are based on colors or spells. Armor and accessories used in the series consist of bracers, shields, rings, bangles, shoes, helmets, body armor, robes, and dresses. However, not all games in the series have an armor system; for example, "Final Fantasy X-2" uses the equipping of dressspheres instead of armor. "Final Fantasy VIII" uses stat increases from equipping Guardian Forces, a form of summoning in the game, rather than the use of armor.
Several individual pieces of armor and accessories recur throughout the series. Two of the most common are the Aegis shield and the Protect Ring, which provide various effects for the character, depending on the game. The Golden Hairpin almost always benefits the spellcasters in the party. For example, in "Final Fantasy V" and "Final Fantasy VI", it was an accessory that reduced spell costs by half; in "Final Fantasy Tactics", it was head armor that gave a significant boost to the maximum MP value and nullified the silence status effect. The Ribbon is also an accessory in most "Final Fantasy" games, which allows the equipped user to become immune to most or all status ailments.
Items.
"Items" are collected objects that may affect the status or health of a character or enemy. Many objects are one-use and include a limit to how many are stocked in the party's inventory. In every installment, the basic HP-recovering item is some form of potion. The items' names varies in earlier games, such as being called "Heal Potions" in the first game, "Cure Potions" in the English translation of "Final Fantasy IV", and "Tonics" in the English translation of "Final Fantasy VI". Other variants, which heal more HP, include the mid-level "Hi-Potion", the high-level "X-Potion", and the multi-target "Mega Potion."
Since "Final Fantasy IV", the lead MP-recovering item has been the "Ether". The name is derived from "Aether", a classical term used in medieval times to describe a possible substance between air, earth, fire, and water. The English language localization of "Final Fantasy VI" renamed the Ether "Tincture," and also featured a second-level MP-restoration item, "Hi-Ether", which was renamed simply "Ether". The Turbo Ether (also known as "Dry Ether") has appeared in numerous games and restores either a significant or complete portion of a character's MP.
The "Elixir", which appears in most "Final Fantasy" games, is both a HP and MP recovery item. Some games include the "Megalixir" (or "Last Elixir"), which fully restores the party's HP and MP. Other items recover both HP and MP at specific locations. "Tents" are often used on field maps or at Save Points as replacements for an Inn, as they completely restore the party's HP and MP. Variants such as "Cabin", "Cottage", and "Sleeping Bag" restore more or less HP and MP; sometimes to only one character. In "Final Fantasy IX", Tents can be used during battle, although there is chance of being inflicted with abnormal status effects when used.
Status effect-curing items are also recurring. For example, "Antidote" heals poison and venom, "Echo Screen"/"Echo Herbs"/"Echo Drops" removes silence, "Eye Drops" cures blindness, and "Soft" (originally "Golden Needle") cures petrification. "Phoenix Down" (also translated as "Phoenix Tail") is used in most "Final Fantasy" games to revive an unconscious party member with a small portion of their HP. In some of the earlier games, the word was translated as "FenixDown" because of size issues with fitting English letters in the space previously occupied by Japanese characters. Phoenix Down often instantly kills or inflicts maximum damage on undead and other creatures harmed by curative spells. The item is supposed to be the feather of a Phoenix a common symbol of life and rebirth; "down" refers to the down feathers of a bird, the undercoat of feathers beneath the visible layer on top. Other representations of Phoenix Down include the "Bottled Tears" of a Phoenix, "Bolted Quivers" and "Bead Necklaces." Variants of this item include the "Phoenix Pinion" and "Mega Phoenix", which revive all party members. "Final Fantasy XI" is the exception to this, using instead the "Regain Feather" (grants 100% HP, 100% MP and 300% TP), "Rebirth Feather" (Reraise III), "Revive Feather" (Reraise I), "Fire Feather" (Enfire), and "Blaze Feather" (Blaze Spikes).
There are other basic items seen throughout the "Final Fantasy" series, including "Gysahl Greens", which can be used for a variety of effects; to summon Fat Chocobo, an item storage service, at specific locations in "Final Fantasy IV"; to catch, feed and race chocobos in "Final Fantasy VII"; to summon a pet chocobo in "Final Fantasy VIII"; to ride a chocobo in "Final Fantasy IX", "Final Fantasy X" and "Final Fantasy XII". The "Rename Card" renames characters that have already been named. This first appeared in "Final Fantasy VI", though the character Namingway had a similar function in "Final Fantasy IV". In "Final Fantasy VIII", a Rename Card renames Guardian Forces, and Pet's Nametag renames Rinoa's dog's name. In "Final Fantasy IX", the Namingway Card had the effect of renaming the characters in Daguerreo, and in "Final Fantasy X", it was used to rename Aeons.
All "Final Fantasy" games also have "key items", which "must" be acquired to further the game's story or complete a sidequest. Key items are usually kept in their own special inventory separate from the player's stock of usable items. Examples of key items include the "Nitro" from the original "Final Fantasy", the "Huge Materia" from "Final Fantasy VII", and the "Supersoft" from "Final Fantasy IX". A key item is typically received shortly before the player reaches the point where it is needed. After a key item is used, it usually remains in the player's inventory permanently, but serves no further purpose. Some items or key items are/may be almost completely useless, like "Tissue" from the American release of "Final Fantasy VII".
Reception and legacy.
The "Final Fantasy" series is credited with defining the structure of subsequent role-playing games.

</doc>
<doc id="20015199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015199" title="Mid Down (Northern Ireland Parliament constituency)">
Mid Down (Northern Ireland Parliament constituency)

Mid Down was a constituency of the Parliament of Northern Ireland.
Boundaries.
Mid Down was a county constituency comprising part of northern County Down, immediately south east of Belfast. It was created when the House of Commons (Method of Voting and Redistribution of Seats) Act (Northern Ireland) 1929 introduced first-past-the-post elections throughout Northern Ireland. Mid Down was created by the division of Down into eight new constituencies. The constituency survived unchanged until 1969, when it was considerably reduced in size, with areas of the seat being transferred to Lagan Valley and North Down. It returned one Member of Parliament until the Parliament of Northern Ireland was temporarily suspended in 1972, and then formally abolished in 1973.
The seat comprised parts of the rural districts of Castlereagh, Hillsborough and Newtownards.
Politics.
The seat had a substantial unionist majority and was always won by Ulster Unionist Party candidates. It was only contested on one occasion, by a Northern Ireland Labour Party candidate who received only 23% of the votes cast.
Election results.
At the 1929, 1933, 1938, 1945 and 1949 Northern Ireland general elections, John Miller Andrews was elected unopposed.
At the 1953, 1958 and 1962 Northern Ireland general elections, Jack Andrews was elected unopposed.
At the 1965 and 1969 Northern Ireland general elections, Basil Kelly was elected unopposed.

</doc>
<doc id="20015215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015215" title="Bhawanipur, Janakpur">
Bhawanipur, Janakpur

Bhawanipur is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2310 people living in 477 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20015228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015228" title="KQMA">
KQMA

KQMA is an FM radio station broadcasting on 92.5 FM from Phillipsburg, Kansas. The station began service on July 14, 1984 and was founded by Brian O'Neill. The station is currently owned and operated by RTY Broadcasting.

</doc>
<doc id="20015247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015247" title="Henry Lloyd (priest)">
Henry Lloyd (priest)

The Very Rev Henry Morgan Lloyd DSO OBE (9 June 1911 – 16 April 2001) was an eminent Anglican priest in the second half of the 20th century. He was born into an ecclesiastical family and educated at Canford School and Oriel College, Oxford. Ordained in 1935 he was a curate at Hendon. He then served his country during World War II as a chaplain in the RNVR after which he was Principal of Old Rectory College Hawarden and Dean of Gibraltar. Returning to England in 1960 he became Dean of Truro, a post he held for 21 years.

</doc>
<doc id="20015252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015252" title="West Point High School (Virginia)">
West Point High School (Virginia)

West Point High School is a four-year public high school located in West Point, Virginia serving the surrounding geographic area of 6.31 square miles. School aged children living outside the town of West Point are encouraged to apply as tuition students.
West Point High School was voted a Blue Ribbon School in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20015254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015254" title="Puddling (agriculture)">
Puddling (agriculture)

Puddling is the tillage of rice paddies while flooded, an ancient practice that is used to prepare for rice cultivation. Historically, this has been accomplished by dragging a weighted harrow across a flooded paddy field behind a buffalo or ox, and is now accomplished using mechanized approaches, often using a walking tractor.
A picture of puddling:
[http://www.css.cornell.edu/faculty/hobbs/Photos/CHT%20puddling.JPG]

</doc>
<doc id="20015269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015269" title="2008–09 A1 Grand Prix of Nations, China">
2008–09 A1 Grand Prix of Nations, China

The 2008–09 A1 Grand Prix of Nations, China was an A1 Grand Prix race, held at Chengdu Goldenport Circuit, Chengdu, People's Republic of China.
All proceeds from this race were donated to the Sichuan Earthquake Relief Fund, following the earthquake which devastated the region in May 2008.
Drivers.
After missing the first race due to a lack of cars, A1 Teams Great Britain, India and Mexico took part in this race. Both A1 Team Pakistan and A1 Team Germany will not make their season debut until the fourth round at Taupo. Team Pakistan require more changes to their chassis to render it suitable for their lead driver Adam Khan, while Team Germany is undergoing management restructuring.
The status of A1 Team Canada was not announced, but they were removed from the race's drivers list on the A1GP website front page, and did not make an appearance. Their status for future events is still unknown.
↑ Karthikeyan and Andretti were granted special dispensation to participate in the rookie session as neither team had completed as many testing miles as the other teams with the new car. Karthikeyan (F1) and Andretti (IRL ICS) are veteran drivers in one of the four series (F1, GP2, FN, IRL-ICS) which their drivers may not compete as A1GP rookies.
Qualifying.
Due to a delay in recovering the Italian car after spinning into a gravel trp during the first qualifying session, the second qualifying session was cancelled, meaning all times from Q1 set the field for Q1, with Ireland taking their first ever pole position, ahead of The Netherlands and Switzerland.
Q4 was stopped briefly after a spin for France. The session was resumed with teams able to make a run in time. Danny Watts for Great Britain took pole ahead of Ireland and Portugal.
Sprint Race.
For safety reasons, a pit stop was not required for the Sprint Race. In lap 2, Brazil is slowing and the Safety car is on while Felipe Guimarães reach the pits. In the same lap 2, China spun and lost some positions but finally catch up and pass Korea in lap 7. when the Safety car is out, the order was Ireland, Netherlands, Great Britain, Switzerland, South Africa, Portugal, New Zealand and France. Those positions remain until the end of the race with the fastest lap for Adam Carroll.
Feature Race.
The second pit-stop window for the Feature Race was set for Laps 24–32.

</doc>
<doc id="20015272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015272" title="Correction (novel)">
Correction (novel)

Correction is a novel by Thomas Bernhard, originally published in German in 1975, and first published in English translation in 1979 by Alfred A. Knopf.
Correction’s set is a garret in the middle of an Austrian forest, described by the narrator as the "thought dungeon" in which the main character, Roithamer, will pursue his project of constructing an extraordinary habitation, the Cone, as a present for his beloved sister. Roithamer is deeply attached to his sister; this does not, however, prevent his provoking her death, which occurs on the very day that she moves into this conic house that he has built for her with formidable effort, in the Kobernausser forest. Roithamer has unwittingly killed his sister by forcing her to inhabit a house that was completely contrary to her own nature.
Plot summary.
The Austrian main character Roithamer, lecturer at Cambridge, after years of paroxystic projects, builds for his sister, the only person he ever loved, a house in the shape of a cone, right in the geometrically precise middle of the Kobernausser forest. Her answer to the present is death, her traumatic death on entering the Cone. This cone (see it as you will—a multitude of symbols, such as a refuge, a mausoleum, a phallic icon, the perfect mathematical centre of existence and thought, etc.) is then destined to disappear, absorbed by an invading Nature, eternal nemesis. A typical Bernhardian maniacal character, Roithamer corrects his building project "ad infinitum", and ultimately corrects it to its extreme self-correction: suicide. "Correction" unravels between love and spite, humanity and degradation, hypocrisy and violence, sickness and death, in a crescendo that brings madness to a dramatic threshold of absolute lucidity.
Imagery and themes.
The first part of the book has the narrator telling Roithamer’s story in the second person; the last part opens with the narrator still nominally telling Roithamer’s story in the second person, but gradually begins to speak directly in Roithamer’s voice, reading portions of his manuscript, where a sort of diary was kept whilst planning and building the Cone. This manuscript was in fact the focus of Roithamer's thousands of corrections, and it becomes apparent that it is being rewritten, “corrected” once again, this time through the voice of the narrator, who begins, ominously, to disappear into the language of the text. Roithamer’s story becomes increasingly obsessive and mad as it describes the construction of the Cone and the death of his sister. It concludes with the rationalisation of suicide, ending with the sentence, “The end is no process. Clearing,” and the narrator’s own voice totally dissolved into the text.
Allusions/references to actual events.
Bernhard used Ludwig Wittgenstein’s biography to intersperse aspects of Roithamer’s life with similarities and create at times a parallel narration. Wittgenstein was born into great wealth, went to Cambridge, lived austerely, worked obsessively, and spent years carefully designing and building a house for his sister (currently the Bulgarian Cultural Institute in Vienna: "Haus Wittgenstein"). Other elements of Roithamer come from Bernhard’s own troubled life: his love of the Austrian countryside, his hate of the Austrian state (in his famous will, he prohibited the publication or production of any of his works in Austria), and the bitter relationship with his mother.
Narrative style.
Literary critics often compare Bernhard’s writing with Franz Kafka’s or that of Samuel Beckett. But Bernhard’s style has its own peculiarities, a profoundly innovative form, and a much darker edge. Whilst the characters and situations in "Correction" are as comical and sometimes as absurd as those of the above two modernists, they are also based on historical reality and a precise geography. As a result, there is a surprising weight and closeness to the existential ground his characters ultimately tread upon. When Bernhard’s satire bends into horror as the novel progresses, there is little allegorical distance for the reader to retreat into. The culminating tragedy feels both personal and claustrophobic.
Author's quote.
"The art we need is the art of bearing the unbearable." -- T. Bernhard.

</doc>
<doc id="20015276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015276" title="Brahmapuri, Janakpur">
Brahmapuri, Janakpur

Brahmapuri is a village development committee in Sarlahi District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5729 people living in 1051 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="20015278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015278" title="Harmeet Singh (footballer)">
Harmeet Singh (footballer)

Harmeet Singh (born 12 November 1990) is a Norwegian international footballer of Indian descent who plays professionally for Norwegian side Molde as a defensive midfielder.
He is nicknamed "The Norwegian Iniesta" by international media.
Career.
Club career.
Born in Oslo to Indian parents, Singh started his career with the local youth multi-sports club Furuset IF before moving to Vålerenga in 2003, at the age of 13.
Vålerenga.
He made his league debut under Martin Andresen in a 1–1 draw against Rosenborg BK in 2008. Singh's goal on 23 September 2009 against Molde in the semi-final of the 2009 Norwegian Football Cup, was nominated "Goal of the Year" in Norway in 2009. In a friendly game with Vålerenga former FC Barcelona manager Pep Guardiola praised Singh heavily after the game in which he scored a goal. With Vålerenga he won the 2008 Norwegian Football Cup and became runner-up in the 2009 Superfinalen and the 2010 Tippeligaen.
Feyenoord.
On 5 July 2012 it was officially announced that he would join Dutch side Feyenoord on a two-year contract with an option for a third and fourth season for a transfer fee of €300.000. In Rotterdam he will play with squad number 16 alongside fellow Norwegian Omar Elabdellaoui who came over on a season long loan from Manchester City. Singh stated that he was delighted to play for a team in which players like Dirk Kuyt, Robin van Persie and Roy Makaay played before.
Singh made a total of seven appearances, six as a substitute during the 2012–13 season, and was an unused substitute in 23 matches. Singh asked to go on loan to another club ahead of the 2013–14 season, and he was close on joining NEC Nijmegen but the transfer did not happen. Towards the end of September 2013, Singh had not featured for Feyenoord during the new season, and stated that he wanted to leave the club in the next transfer window unless he managed to play more for the first team.
Molde.
On 19 February 2014, it was announced that Singh had signed a two-year deal with Molde after leaving Feyenoord on a free transfer.
International career.
Singh has represented Norway at the U15, U16, U17, U18, U19 and U21 levels. On 5 June 2009, at just 18 years of age, he made his debut for the U21s in a 1–1 draw against Estonia U21.
Singh made his debut for the senior team when he replaced Simen Brenne at half time in a 1–1 friendly draw against Denmark on 15 January 2012. He featured in all three matches in the 2012 King's Cup.
Being born to Indian parents, Singh stated in an interview with Canal+ in December 2012 that he might consider playing for India in the future.

</doc>
<doc id="20015283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015283" title="Butler House (Oxon Hill, Maryland)">
Butler House (Oxon Hill, Maryland)

The Butler House is a historic home of importance to local African American history and located at Oxon Hill, Prince George's County, Maryland, United States. Henry Alexander Butler, a free African American man from Charles County, moved with his family to the property in 1853, and the property has been continuously associated with the Butler family. Henry Butler became a Reconstruction era community leader, serving as trustee of the nearby Freedmen's Bureau school. The Butler House is a -story, one room deep wood-frame and log residence covered in cast stone. It sits in a secluded, forested area, adjacent to the Oxon Hill Children's Farm. As of December 2010, the house is in a severely dilapidated condition.
The Butler House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20015292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015292" title="Shoaib Khan">
Shoaib Khan

Shoaib Khan (born April 13, 1985 in Bostan) is a left-handed Pakistani batsman who plays for Quetta Bears and played four international Twenty20 matches for Pakistan in the Al-Barkah Twenty20 Tournament. He averages 16.25 with the bat with the strike rate of 81 in International Twenty20.

</doc>
<doc id="20015295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015295" title="South African War Memorial">
South African War Memorial

South African War Memorial may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20015297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015297" title="Cameron Higgins">
Cameron Higgins

Cameron James Kalana Higgins (born March 28, 1988) is a college football player and starting All-American quarterback at Weber State University. Higgins has led WSU to an 18-5 Big Sky Conference record and 22-11 overall record since taking over the starting position during the fourth game of his freshman season in 2007. Higgins also has led WSU to two-straight FCS Playoff appearances (2008–2009), the only time the Wildcats have done so in program history. Higgins currently holds several school passing records and two Big Sky records heading into his senior season. From Hawaii Kai, Hawaii.
High school.
Cameron Higgins was born March 28, 1988. He played high school football at Saint Louis High School in Honolulu, Hawaii. He earned Honorable Mention All-State Honors in 2005. He helped his team defeat defending state champion Kamehameha High three times in a row. He Was named to the Hawai'i All-Star team which played the Samoa All-Stars.
College.
2007.
In 2007 as a freshman, Higgin's efficiency rating of 143.20 was the second best mark in the Big Sky Conference, behind league MVP Matt Nichols (156.5) of Eastern Washington. Higgins took over at quarterback for unsuccessful Alabama transfer Jimmy Barnes during the fourth game of the year. In WSU's 73-68 shootout win at Portland State University (a then-national record for combined points scored in a game), he passed for 334 yards, and threw four touchdowns. In that same game he also rushed for 106 yards and three touchdowns. His 440 total offensive yard effort was the 10th best single game effort in WSU football history. Higgins was named the 2007 Big Sky Conference Newcomer of the Year, and was an Honorable Mention All-Big Sky selection.
2008.
In Higgins' sophomore season, he put together one of the best seasons in the history of the Big Sky. His 4,477 passing yards set a single-season conference record, which also led the nation at the Football Championship Subdivision level. Also, Higgins' 36 touchdown passes tied for the national lead. WSU was selected to finish no better than 5th in the Big Sky by the coaches and media preceding the season and Higgins led WSU to a 7-1 conference mark and a share of the Big Sky title, WSU's first in 40 years. He was added to the Walter Payton Award watch list for the nation's best offensive player mid-way through the season after WSU's 5-0 conference mark. He would get enough votes for 6th place in the final voting. Higgins was voted Big Sky Conference Player of the Year, first-team All-Big Sky, and third-team All-American. Higgins' defining moment may have come when he orchestrated an impressive game in the opening round of the FCS playoffs, completing 21-33 passes (no interceptions) for 399 yards and two touchdowns in WSU’s stunning 49-35 road win at highly touted No. 3-ranked Cal Poly.

</doc>
<doc id="20015311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015311" title="House of Salm">
House of Salm

The House of Salm was a noble family originating in the Belgian Ardennes and ruling Salm. It is above all known for the experiences of the branch which came to be located in the Vosges Mountains and over time came to rule over a principality whose capital was Badonviller then Senones.
Its notable members were the counts of Salm en Ardenne, advocati of the abbaye Saint-Pierre at Senones, counts of Salm en Vosges, governors of Nancy, marshals of Lorraine, marshals of Bar, princes of the Holy Roman Empire and sovereign princes of the Principality of Salm-Salm.

</doc>
<doc id="20015312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015312" title="When We Get There">
When We Get There

When We Get There is a novel about coming-of-age by the American writer Shauna Seliy set in 1974 in a coal mining patch (modeled on the author’s hometown of Yukon, Westmoreland County) near Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
The novel tells the story of Lucas Lessar. His father has died in a mining accident and his mother has mysteriously disappeared, so he lives with his grandmother. Zoli, his mother's estranged boyfriend, starts to harass Lucas, prompting him to skip school and takes long bus rides in attempts to find his mother.

</doc>
<doc id="20015321" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015321" title="Aleksandr Tenyagin">
Aleksandr Tenyagin

Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Tenyagin () (born August 22, 1927 in Trotsk; died March 26, 2008 in Saint Petersburg) was a Soviet football player and manager.
International career.
Tenyagin played his only game for USSR on July 15, 1952 in a 1952 Olympics game against Bulgaria.

</doc>
<doc id="20015348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015348" title="Stay with Me (Kumi Koda song)">
Stay with Me (Kumi Koda song)

"Stay with Me" is the forty-second single by Kumi Koda. It is described as a "winter love ballad," by her official site. It features an orgel of "Stay with Me," and the B-Side "Winter Bell." The first press editions includes a poster and a draw card, much like "Taboo". The fan club version includes a poster as well as a choice of a mirror or mousepad with the "Stay with Me," fanclub edition picture on it. "Stay with Me," is used in advertisements for au LISMO and Sony Ericsson in Japan.
It debuted atop the Oricon Weekly Charts becoming her sixth number-one single. "Stay with Me" and previous single "Taboo", both debuted atop the Oricon charts, resulting for the first time in Koda's career having consecutive number-one singles.
The single is certified Gold by RIAJ for shipment of 100,000 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="20015353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015353" title="Blanice (Sázava)">
Blanice (Sázava)

The Blanice () is a river located primarily in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. It is a left tributary of the Sázava.
The river originates south of Blanická, a village in the South Bohemian Region some northeast of Tábor. From there it flows northward through Mladá Vožice, and the Central Bohemian cities of Louňovice pod Blaníkem, Vlašim, and Libež. It joins the Sázava about southeast of Český Šternberk.

</doc>
<doc id="20015368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015368" title="EXodus">
EXodus

eXodus is a display server implementing the X11 display server protocol that was originally developed by White Pine Software. White Pine founders began development in the fall of 1987, and released Version 1.0 in April 1989. Version 1.0 was only built for the Macintosh platform, but versions for Windows, DOS, and NeXT would follow in the coming years.
In 1995, White Pine began a transition away from its line of desktop connectivity products (of which eXodus was the prime revenue contributor) in favor of products incorporating its newly acquired CU-SeeMe videoconferencing technology. This transition was effectively completed in February 2000, when White Pine sold the connectivity product division to Powerlan, Ltd., a software company based in Sydney, Australia. Shortly thereafter, White Pine Software changed its name to CU-SeeMe Networks.

</doc>
<doc id="20015370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015370" title="Depth Charge (video game)">
Depth Charge (video game)

Depth Charge is a game for the Apple II family of computers, created in 1978 by programmer Chris Oberth and published by The Elektrik Keyboard of Chicago, Illinois.
Game play.
Like the 1977 arcade game "Depthcharge" that it emulates, "Depth Charge" puts the player in control of a small ship that drops depth charges onto passing submarines. The ship makes three passes from right to left across the top of the screen, and four submarines at varying depths move from left to right below it. Destroying deeper subs earns the player more points; one extra pass is awarded at 600 points another at 900 points. The screen inverts in overtime. Hits, misses, score and high score are displayed at the bottom of the screen.

</doc>
<doc id="20015373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015373" title="Adam Harvey">
Adam Harvey

Adam Harvey is an Australian country music singer. Harvey has been nominated three times for an ARIA Music Award and is a multiple CMAA Award winner.
Biography.
Adam Harvey got his start musically learning country classics on the guitar as a small boy. His first gig came at the age of ten, and by his school years he was performing rock covers at a club when he was discovered and went off on tour as support for Tania Kernaghan. In 1998 Harvey won his first Country Music (CMAA) Award for 'Vocal Collaboration of the Year' with Tanya Self for "Drive Away". In 2001 he won another CMAA Award for 'Vocal Collaboration of the Year' this time with Beccy Cole, Darren Coggan and Felicity, for "Do I Ever Cross Your Mind".
In 2002, Harvey won two CMAA Awards, 'Album of the Year' ("Workin' Overtime") and 'Male Vocalist of the Year'. This was followed by a nomination for 'Best Country Album' ("Workin' Overtime") at the 2002 ARIA Awards.
In 2003, Harvey was again nominated for Best Country Album ("Cowboy Dreams") at the ARIA Awards. Harvey won a second CMAA Award for 'Male Vocalist of the Year' that year. In 2005 he received his third ARIA award nomination for Best Country Album ("Can't Settle for Less"). In 2008, he won Album of the Year ("I'm Doin' Alright").
In 2009, he sang the Australian national anthem before the Australia vs New Zealand rugby league test match.
Harvey has been nominated for a CMAA Award in 2010 for Collaboration of the Year with John Williamson for "King of the Road".
In 2009, Harvey made ARIA Charts history with the country album "Both Sides Now" debuting inside the top 20 on the ARIA Top 100 Albums Chart. The album also debuted at No.1 on the Top 20 Australian Artists Country Chart. Harvey's duets album features some of Australia's finest talents.
Harvey is not afraid to collaborate with artists that are not in his genre. Guy Sebastian who is known to be a soul and R&B artist, sings a duet with Harvey "Stuck in the Middle" on his latest album "Both Sides Now". They have also performed this single LIVE together at country music events such as the Tamworth Country Music Festival and Country Music Awards of Australia (CMAA) in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="20015375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015375" title="Sentimental (Deborah Cox song)">
Sentimental (Deborah Cox song)

Sentimental was the first single from Deborah Cox. The song tells about a person who used to cheat, because she didn't take her love seriously. Now that her lover has left her, she wants him. She says she doesn't think, unless it's about him. That's when she appreciates his love, although they've broken up.
Music video.
The video starts off with actor Omar Epps, who stars as her ex. He is seen entering a restaurant where she is to be performing. She is shown backstage, getting ready, where she is unaware of his presence. She then goes onstage and performs, and the crowd loves it. She then goes backstage afterwards and continues singing until she drops her head. He appears in the doorway and she looks up and sees him.
Chart performance.
The song peaked on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 at #27 and the Hot R&B Singles chart at #4.

</doc>
<doc id="20015389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015389" title="Leonhard Haas">
Leonhard Haas

Leonhard Haas (born 19 January 1982 in Rosenheim) is a German footballer who plays for F.C. Hansa Rostock.

</doc>
<doc id="20015396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015396" title="List of Knight's Cross recipients 8th SS Cavalry Division Florian Geyer">
List of Knight's Cross recipients 8th SS Cavalry Division Florian Geyer

The 8th SS Cavalry Division "Florian Geyer" was a Waffen-SS cavalry division. In March 1944, it was named after Florian Geyer (1490–1525), a Franconian nobleman who led the Black Company during the German Peasants' War.
The 8th Division was created in 1942 based on earlier Waffen-SS cavalry units. About 40% were Volksdeutsche from Siebenbürgen and Banat.
The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and its higher grades were based on four separate enactments. The first enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 1573" of September 1, 1939 instituted the Iron Cross and the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. As the war progressed some of the recipients distinguished themselves further and a higher grade, the Oak Leaves to Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was instituted. The Oak Leaves, as they were commonly referred to, were based on the enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 849" of June 3, 1940. In 1941 two higher grades of the Knight's Cross were instituted. The enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 613" of September 28, 1941 introduced the Knight’s Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords and the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves, Swords and Diamonds. At the end of 1944 the last and final grade, the Knight's Cross with Golden Oak Leaves, Swords, and Diamonds, based on the enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt 1945 I S. 11" of December 29, 1944 concluded the variants of the Knight's Cross.
Prerequisites.
To qualify for the Knight's Cross, a soldier had to already hold the 1939 Iron Cross First Class, though the Iron Cross I Class was awarded concurrently with the Knight's Cross in rare cases.
Unit commanders could also be awarded the medal for exemplary conduct by the unit as a whole.
Grades.
The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was divided into five grades, excluding the Grand Cross of the Iron Cross:
See also.
8th SS Cavalry Division Florian Geyer

</doc>
<doc id="20015407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015407" title="Organic Act of 1897">
Organic Act of 1897

The Organic Act of 1897 provided the main statutory basis for the management of forest reserves in the United States, hence the commonly used term "Organic Act". The legislation's formal title is the Sundry Civil Appropriations Act of 1897, which was signed into law on June 4, 1897, by President William McKinley.
This law was the first step toward legislation concerning the management, protection and care of the nation's forest reserves. Its features include:
This last item gave two separate branches of the Department of Interior responsibility-The GLO for the sale, claims and administration of the reserves and the USGS for the drawing of boundaries and land maps. 
According to the Organic Act, the intention of the forest reservations was "to improve and protect the forest within the reservation... securing favorable conditions of water flows, and to furnish a continuous supply of timber for the use and necessities of citizens of the United States." 
This law is one of two of the most important legislative events in US Forest Service history (the other being the Transfer Act of 1905). The nation now had forest reserves and the means to protect and manage them. The basic elements of federal forestry were now established.
Interior Department changes.
As instructed by the new law, a Division of Geography and Forestry was set up within the USGS. Henry Gannet was the new division's chief and produced surveys of the reserves that were of high quality and provided basic information necessary for effective management. These surveys, which included an atlas, were impressive, even today.
The Interior Department's Land Office section tried for a brief period to develop its capability to manage the reserves. Filibert Roth became the head of the General Land Office's "Division R"-the Forestry Division on November 15, 1901 and resigned two years later, in 1903.
Gifford Pinchot, of the United States Department of Agriculture's Division of Forestry at this time, advocated for the removal of the reserves from Interior and placed under the Agriculture Department so that the forest reserves and the foresters would all be under one department. He also had a poor opinion of the Land Office due to "land office routine, political stupidity and wrong-headed points of view. "
A campaign was mounted toward this goal by Pinchot as well as the American Foresters Association and the Sierra Club.
Finally, the effort paid off on Feb. 1905 when President Roosevelt signed into law the Forest Transfer Act.
Izaak Walton League lawsuit.
The Izaak Walton League, a conservation group formed in 1922, that sought the complete abolishment of livestock grazing on national forest lands in the 1930s. The League's Los Angeles chapter petitioned Region 5 of the Forest Service to immediately and absolutely abolish all grazing permits of both sheep and cattle from California's national forest lands. The League's position was that sheep grazing was a costly mistake and a man-made hazard to forests and watersheds, that cattle grazing had been too heavy and that both types of livestock hindered wildlife.
In May 1973, the League successfully sued the Department of Agriculture over the clear-cut logging practices in the Monongahela National Forest as being contrary to the Organic Act of 1897 which stated that only "dead, physically mature and large growth trees "individually marked for cutting" could be sold. The appeals court upheld the lower court's decision on August 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="20015422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015422" title="Groupes de Pamplemousse">
Groupes de Pamplemousse

Groupes de Pamplemousse is a compilation album released during Suicide Prevention Week in Quebec, Canada. The songs tackle the issue of suicide, and benefits from the album help Suicide Prevention Centres throughout Quebec.

</doc>
<doc id="20015427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015427" title="Origins of Judaism">
Origins of Judaism

The ancient roots of Judaism lie in the Bronze Age polytheistic Ancient Semitic religions, specifically Canaanite religion, a syncretization with elements of Babylonian religion and of the worship of Yahweh reflected in the early prophetic books of the Hebrew Bible. During the Babylonian captivity of the 6th and 5th centuries BCE, certain circles within the exiled Judahites in Babylon redefined pre-existing ideas about monotheism, election, divine law and Covenant into a theology which came to dominate the former Judah in the following centuries. 
From the 5th century BCE until 70 CE, Israelite religion developed into the various theological schools of Second Temple Judaism, besides Hellenistic Judaism in the diaspora. The text of the Hebrew Bible was redacted into its extant form in this period and possibly also canonized as well. The Rabbinic form of Judaism developed during Late Antiquity, during the 3rd to 6th centuries CE; the Masoretic Text of the Hebrew Bible (the addition of vowels to the consonant text) and the Talmud were compiled in this period. The oldest manuscripts of the Masoretic Biblical tradition however come from the 10th and 11th centuries CE; in the form of the Aleppo Codex of the later portions of the 10th century CE and the Leningrad Codex dated to either 1008 CE or 1009 CE. Regarding Rabbinical works, due largely to censoring and burning of manuscripts in medieval Europe, the oldest manuscripts in existence of various Rabbinical works are quite late. For example the oldest complete manuscript copy of the Babylonian Talmud to survive is dated to 1342 CE.
Historical background.
Pre-monarchic (tribal religion).
The central founding myth of the Israelite nation is the Exodus of the Israelites from Egypt under the guidance of Moses, followed by the conquest of the Promised Land (Canaan). There is little or no archaeological or historical evidence to support these accounts, and although they may in part originate as early as the 10th century BCE, according to the Wellhausen hypothesis they reached something like their present form only in the 5th to 4th centuries BCE, when they are alleged to have been edited to comply with the theology of Second Temple Judaism.
Monarchy (centralized religion).
The United Monarchy of the 11th to 10th centuries BCE was one of the political entities of the Levant during the Early Iron Age.
These states were organized as monarchies, with kings ruling city-states and each city claiming a patron deity to whom the city's main temple was dedicated (see also Syro-Hittite states, Ugarit, Byblos). In Jerusalem, this was Solomon's Temple in Jerusalem, constructed during the 10th century BCE.
According to the Hebrew Bible, Jerusalem was a Jebusite fortress, conquered by the Israelites and made into their capital around 1000 BCE (Edwin R. Thiele dates David's conquest of Jerusalem to 1003 BCE). As a result, the Jebusite cult exerted considerable influence on Israelite religion. The Jebusites observed an astral cult involving "Shalem", an astral deity identified with the Evening star in Ugaritic mythology, besides Tzedek "righteousness" and El Elyon, the "most high God". It is plausible, however, that the application of the epithet "Elyon" "most high" to Israelite Yahweh predates the conquest of Jerusalem; the epithet was applied with sufficient fluidity throughout the Northwest Semitic sphere that assuming a transition from its application to El to the Yahwistic cult presents no obstacle.
Both the archaeological evidence and the Biblical texts document tensions between groups comfortable with the worship of Yahweh alongside local deities such as Asherah and Baal and those insistent on worship of Yahweh alone during the monarchal period. During the 8th century BCE, worship of Yahweh in Israel stood in competition with many other cults, described by the Yahwist faction collectively as Baals. The oldest books of the Hebrew Bible, written in the 8th century BCE reflect this competition, as in the books of Hosea and Nahum, whose authors lament the "apostasy" of the people of Israel, threatening them with the wrath of God if they do not give up their polytheistic cults.
The Yahwist faction seems to have gained considerable influence during the 8th century BCE, and by the 7th century BCE, based on the testimony of the Deuteronomistic source, monolatrist worship of Yahweh seems to have become official, reflected in the removal of the image of Asherah from the temple in Jerusalem under Hezekiah (r. 715–686 BCE) so that monotheistic worship of the god of Israel can be argued to have originated during his rule.
Hezekiah's successor Manasseh reversed some of these changes, restoring polytheistic worship, and according to even persecuting the Yahwist faction. Josiah (r. 641–609 BCE) again turned to monolatry. The Book of Deuteronomy as well as the other books ascribed to the Deuteronomist were written during Josiah's rule. The final two decades of the monarchic period, leading up to the Babylonian sack of Jerusalem in 597 BCE were thus marked by official monolatry of the god of Israel. This had important consequences in the worship of Yahweh as it was practiced in the Babylonian captivity and ultimately for the theology of Second Temple Judaism.
Babylonian exile.
Following the second siege of Jerusalem in 587 BCE, the Babylonians destroyed the city wall and the Temple. Judah became a Babylonian province, called Yehud. The first governor appointed by Babylon was Gedaliah, a native Judahite; he encouraged the many Jews who had fled to surrounding countries such as Moab, Ammon, Edom, to return, and took steps to return the country to prosperity. Some time afterwards, a surviving member of the royal family assassinated Gedaliah and his Babylonian advisors, prompting a rush of refugees seeking safety in Egypt. Thus by the end of the second decade of the 6th century, in addition to those who remained in Judah, there were significant Jewish communities in Babylon and in Egypt; this was the beginning of the later numerous Jewish communities living permanently outside Judah in the Jewish diaspora. According to the book of Ezra-Nehemiah, the Persian Cyrus the Great ended the exile in 538 BCE, the year in which he captured Babylon. The Exile ends with the return under Zerubbabel and the construction of the Second Temple in the period 520-515 BCE.
Second Temple period.
The oldest writings of Judaism that survive directly date from the Hellenistic period. This includes Hebrew and Aramaic papyri with biblical fragments such as the Dead Sea Scrolls, and Greek documents such as the Septuagint. The contact of Israelite and Greek cultures resulted in the development of strict monotheism which recast the national god of Israel in the role of the creator of the universe, corresponding to The One or The All of Hellenistic religion. 
Other scholars contend that the development of a strict monotheism was the result of cultural diffusion between Persians and Hebrews. While (in practice) dualistic, Zoroastrianism believed in eschatological monotheism (i.e. only one god in the end). Some suggest that it is not merely coincidence that the Zoroastrianism's model of eschatological monotheism and the Deuteronomic historians strictly monotheistic model receive formative articulations during the period after Persia overthrew Babylon.
Second Temple Judaism was divided into theological factions, notably the Pharisees vs. the Sadducees, besides numerous smaller sects such as the Essenes, messianic movements such as Early Christianity, and closely related traditions such as Samaritanism (which left the Samaritan Pentateuch, an important witness of the text of the Torah independent of the Masoretic text).
The 2nd to 1st centuries BCE, when Judea was under Seleucid and then Roman rule, the genre of apocalyptic literature became popular, the most notable work in this tradition being the Book of Daniel.
Development of Rabbinic Judaism.
For centuries, the traditional understanding has been that Judaism came before Christianity and that Christianity separated from Judaism some time after the destruction of the Second Temple in 70 CE. Starting in the latter half of the 20th century, some scholars have begun to argue that the historical picture is quite a bit more complicated than that. In the 1st century, many Jewish sects existed in competition with each other, see Second Temple Judaism. The sects which eventually became Rabbinic Judaism and Early Christianity were but two of these. Some scholars have begun to propose a model which envisions a twin birth of Christianity and Judaism rather than a separation of the former from the latter. For example, Robert Goldenberg (2002) asserts that it is increasingly accepted among scholars that "at the end of the 1st century CE there were not yet two separate religions called "Judaism" and "Christianity"".
Daniel Boyarin (2002) proposes a revised understanding of the interactions between nascent Christianity and nascent Rabbinical Judaism in Late Antiquity which views the two religions as intensely and complexly intertwined throughout this period.
The Amoraim were the Jewish scholars of Late Antiquity who codified and commented upon the law and the biblical texts. The final phase of redaction of the Talmud into its final form took place during the 6th century CE, by the scholars known as the Savoraim. This phase concludes the Chazal era foundational to Rabbinical Judaism.

</doc>
<doc id="20015429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015429" title="Get Up (Mary Mary song)">
Get Up (Mary Mary song)

"Get Up" is the lead single for Mary Mary's fourth studio album "The Sound". The single was written and produced by both Mary Mary and producer Warryn Campbell, husband of member Erica Campbell. The song is known as "the movement anthem". According to the group, the song was written and produced to appeal to young generations with a mainstream sound that still captures the message of the gospel. The group's goal was achieved when the song received moderate success in dance clubs worldwide, while holding the #1 spot on the U.S.'s Hot Dance Club Play chart.
In December 2008, the song received two Grammy Award nominations for the 51st Grammy Awards of 2009 in the categories "Best Gospel Song" and "Best Gospel Performance". On February 8, 2009, Mary Mary won the Grammy for Best Gospel Performance.
Music video.
The music video for "Get Up" starts off with the girls sitting down and singing, and later getting up to represent the songs lyrics. The video's main character is a young girl auditioning for a dance contest. As she feels frighten to go after it, she gets motivated and goes in front of the judges. The videos has many cameos of dancers and family and friends of the girls. Mary Mary's lawyer also appears in the video. The production of the clip was tracked by BET's "Access Granted" television series, with the final cut eventually premiering on small screen on August 21, 2008 at the end of its "Access Granted" episode and online at 3:00 pm PT on Yahoo! Music.
Formats and tracklistings.
These are the formats and track listings of major single-releases of "Get Up".
Chart performance.
The single was officially released to U.S. radios on July 5, 2008. The single soon release digitally July 15, 2008 via iTunes and other music websites. It has peaked within the top 30 of the national R&B/hip hop, club play, and gospel charts, and also the global dance charts.
Awards.
The song won a Dove Award for Urban Recorded Song of the Year at the 40th GMA Dove Awards.

</doc>
<doc id="20015435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015435" title="Hill Croome">
Hill Croome

. Historically a parish in the lower division of the hundred of Oswaldslow, according to the 2001 census the parish had a population of 169.

</doc>
<doc id="20015451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015451" title="Nikolai Tishchenko">
Nikolai Tishchenko

Nikolai Ivanovich Tishchenko () (born December 10, 1926 in Lyublino; died May 10, 1981 in Moscow) was a Soviet football player.
International career.
Tishchenko made his debut for USSR on September 8, 1954 in a friendly against Sweden. During the 1956 Olympics semifinal against Bulgaria he broke his clavicle, the substitutions were not yet allowed, so he stayed on the field, finishing the game.

</doc>
<doc id="20015469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015469" title="Egidijus Jarašiūnas">
Egidijus Jarašiūnas

Egidijus Jarašiūnas (born October 9, 1952 in Kelmė district municipality) is a Lithuanian lawyer, signatory of the Act of the Re-Establishment of the State of Lithuania. He was a judge of the Constitutional Court of Lithuania from 1996 to 2005. Since 2007 he is a dean of Faculty of Law at Mykolas Romeris University.

</doc>
<doc id="20015482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20015482" title="2009 Women's European Volleyball Championship">
2009 Women's European Volleyball Championship

The 2009 Women's European Volleyball Championship was the 26th edition of the European Volleyball Championship, organised by Europe's governing volleyball body, the Confédération Européenne de Volleyball. The cities that hosted matches were Bydgoszcz, Łódź, Katowice and Wrocław in Poland, from September 25 to October 4, 2009.
Venues.
The tournament was played at four venues in four cities throughout Poland. Each city hosted a group stage. Łódź and Katowice hosted the two Playoff Rounds. Łódź also concluded the Championship with the Semifinals & Final.
Semifinals & Finals.
A drawing of lots determined, which group-winner plays which runner-up in the semifinals.

</doc>
