<doc id="19898511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898511" title="Operational due diligence (alternative investments)">
Operational due diligence (alternative investments)

The phrase Operational Due Diligence (ODD), in the context of alternative investments such as hedge funds (or private equity, infrastructure, real estate, commodities and so on), means different things to different people.
As the words themselves imply, an ODD exercise is an investigation (due diligence) into operational factors, relating to a specific alternative investment entity such as a hedge fund (or private equity fund, or infrastructure fund, etc.), which may impact future results of the target alternative investment entity.
The field of ODD has gained prominence over the past years due to the failure of hedge funds such as Amaranth Advisors and the Bayou Hedge Fund Group. Also contributing to the increase of interest in this field were the actions of alleged rogue traders such as Brian Hunter and alleged Ponzi schemers such as Arthur Nadel, Jérôme Kerviel and Bernard Madoff. 
Operational risks, put simply, are the risks arising from execution of the business functions of any entity, for example an alternative investment fund, and these are distinct from its investment functions.
An ODD exercise does not include within its scope the investment functions of an alternative investment fund and therefore generally does not include the gathering, analysis and verification of information relating to the historic actual or future expected investment performance of such funds, the variance or future expected variance of the returns of such funds, or the appropriateness of the stated strategy of such funds as a (potential) constituent part of the investor’s wider portfolio, except insofar as these investment functions are or could themselves be adversely influenced by operational risks.
However, a separate “Investment Due Diligence” (IDD) exercise is often carried out by or on behalf of (potential) investors to consider investment functions. In fact, historically, it can be said that it has been more common for an IDD to be performed than for an ODD to be performed, despite strong academic arguments and empirical evidence that overall risk (i.e., investment risk and operational risk) is best capable of being understood and mitigated where both an IDD and an ODD are performed.
Importance.
The historical position is somewhat odd given the prevalence of operational risk failures in, for example, hedge fund scandals and closures over the years. As early as 2003, a study by Christopher Kundro and Stuart Feffer of Capco indicated that operational risk failings were the sole reason for 50% of all hedge fund failures (with operational risk failings being a contributing factor in other failures as well), rather than bad investment decisions alone (38%), and anecdotal evidence seems to imply that (i) the impact of operational risk is at least as pervasive in other (non-hedge fund) types of alternative investment funds, and (ii) that the impact of operational risk failings has not decreased since the Capco study.
A 2008 book by Jason Scharfman of Corgentum Consulting suggests that operational risks are inherent contributing factors to all hedge fund failures. 
For example, a May 2009 derivative lawsuit relating to a feeder fund invested in a managed account that was exposed to Madoff’s split strike conversion strategy noted that “the Madoff story bristled with red flags that a financial professional firm performing an evaluation and subsequent management and oversight, in good faith, could not have missed.”
The clear implication of this statement is that in the absence of detailed and robust pre-investment and on-going ODD, investors simply missed the operational risks inherent in the structure.
Purpose.
The purpose of an ODD exercise is to gather, analyse and (to a degree) verify information relating to operational risks to:
• allow an investor in a specific alternative investment fund to form a considered view as to whether to remain invested or to divest, or
• allow a potential investor in a specific alternative investment fund to form a considered view as to whether to invest or not, and 
• (ideally) identify conditions which the investor or potential investor may seek to negotiate to reduce the overall level of operational risk associated with a new or existing investment in such specific alternative investment fund. 
A small sample of the items which may be included within the scope of an ODD are outlined below: 
• mark to market valuation techniques, and related processes/controls and disclosures
• business continuity and disaster recovery planning
• fraud risk and other irregularities
• behavioural analysis of individuals (e.g. fund directors and employees/principals of the manager of the alternative investment fund) and outsourced service providers, including their incentivisation
• liquidity mechanisms (“lock-ins” and “gates”)
• security of assets 
• legal review, covering (amongst others things) design and establishment of the legal structure, advice taken by the alternative investment fund and its manager, material contracts, investment terms, indemnifications and insurances (although this may be performed as a separate Legal Due Diligence)
• review of the controls and processes employed by the fund through its main outsourced service providers (investment manager, fund administrator, transfer agent, etc.) over the management of fund assets to establish whether these are fit for purpose and being followed
• review of the operating processes and record-keeping supporting tax relating to maintaining beneficial tax treatment or "keeping the fund offshore".
Comparison to operational risk considerations in the context of banks' prudential capital requirements.
Much of the literature associated with ODD, particularly the academic literature, is based on an underlying definition of operational risk that was originally designed in the context of the banking industry and contained within the Basel Accords, which holds that operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems, or from external events.
The banking industry is, in most economies, subject to regulation by a national financial services supervisory body, for example the Financial Services Authority in the UK, with the regulatory regime including a requirement for banks to hold at least minimum levels of capital designed to withstand the likely incidence of various risks, including operational risks. The capital held by banks for the purpose of meeting the requirements of the relevant regulator(s) is referred to as their capital requirement or prudential capital.
The imperative of considering operational risk in the context of banks is to ascertain an amount in currency which, if maintained by the bank as capital, should (in theory at least) fully compensate for the expected impact of crystallisation of the operational risks faced by the bank. When this “operational risk requirement” is added to the other elements of a bank’s prudential capital requirement (relating to non-operational risks faced by the bank), the resulting total gives the bank’s “total capital requirement”.
The problem with adopting a banking-style approach to ODD.
Some forms of ODD fit neatly within the banking paradigm as described above, in that they look at a discrete number of operational factors, assign probabilities, co-relations between factors and estimated losses (generally based on extrapolations of historic data) and eventually come up with a single metric (analogous to the “operational risk requirement” of a bank) which is then compared to a pre-set threshold to give a simple binary answer to the "invest / don’t invest" or "remain invested / divest" question.
Despite according neatly with the theory, such forms of ODD have severe limitations; for example such forms:
• tend to incentivise “window-dressing” behaviours by the manager of the alternative investment fund (as a checklist-based approach is often employed with the majority of the questions being easily foreseeable by the manager of the alternative investment fund);
• often utilise less-experienced personnel without the experience to ask the right follow up questions or “smell a rat”;
• tend not to react (or not to react quickly enough) to new or developing risks which are industry-wide or to risks that are specific to the alternative investment fund in question or pertinent to the specific investor; 
• tend to apply weightings to the risk factors addressed that are static and based on historical data, whereas in reality future likelihood of risk crystallisation and quantum of expected loss on crystallisation are dynamic variables;
• tend to apply correlation factors to separate risks that are static and based on historical data, whereas in reality correlation factors are dynamic variables; and
• tend to give binary results without identifying conditions which the investor or potential investor may seek to put in place (via negotiation with the manager of the alternative investment fund) to reduce the overall level of operational risk associated with a new or existing investment.
ODD Framework Design for Fund of Hedge Funds.
A 2009 research paper demonstrates that fund of hedge funds,
Operational Due Diligence on Private Equity.
Investor's are increasingly performing operational due diligence reviews on other types of alternative investments, including private equity funds.
A forthcoming book by Jason Scharfman of Corgentum Consulting entitled, 
Private Equity Operational Due Diligence: Tools to Evaluate Liquidity, Valuation and Documentation will be focused
on techniques for performing operational due diligence reviews of private equity funds.
Recent developments in ODD.
A 2010 study shows that frauds such as Madoff have created a so-called "Madoff Effect" by which investors tend to tailor their operational due diligence around recent frauds while minimizing certain other operational risks.
These other risks can include items which effect the overall efficiency and profitability of a hedge fund, a concept known as Operational Drag ® . 
Other recent developments: 
Where a more nuanced approach to ODD is taken, the benefits accruing to the recipients of the ODD report generally include:
Choosing an ODD provider.
Investors may perform operational due diligence themselves or they may work with consultants to either outsource operational due diligence reviews entirely, or to compliment their own internal efforts. The general consenses is that the forms of ODD which provide greatest benefit for investors are those characterised by:
• not relying on a checklist approach so that the investigation is bespoke for the investor’s specific interests and tailored to the target alternative investment fund;
• offering multi-disciplinary solutions to legal, financial and accounting, tax, regulatory and compliance, risk management, corporate governance and internal control concerns (as opposed to skills in one particular area such as accounting); 
• the involvement of a team with the breadth and depth of experience to clearly and succinctly identify “red flags” and propose practical recommendations for risk mitigation and monitoring;
• transparency of detailed findings to the end investor – note that managers of funds of alternative investment funds (e.g. fund of hedge funds managers) typically do not provide full transparency to their investors of the findings of their ODD, with investors simply becoming aware, after the fact, that an investment in an “underlying” fund has been made or that a divestment has occurred;
• succinct written responsibilities and scope, as well as clear legal liability of those performing the ODD for the quality of their work;
• individuals and organizations involved in the performance of the ODD being subject to professional requirements on ethics, independence, minimum levels of professional indemnity insurance and Continuing Professional Development of an appropriate professional body or institute, with underlying work performed as part of the ODD subject to oversight and Quality Assurance reviews by that body or institute.
• being paid for directly by the end user (i.e., the investor) rather than by the alternative investment fund or its manager (due to the conflict of interest created if the fund or its manager is the “client”) or bundled as part of a wider service (for example as is the case with a fund of funds).

</doc>
<doc id="19898517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898517" title="Pdfvue">
Pdfvue

PDFVue is an online PDF viewer and editor that is in beta release.
Features include viewing, commenting, annotations, page deletion or rotation and adding fillable form fields to PDFs. Supported browsers include Internet Explorer, Firefox, and Safari. PDFs can be uploaded directly, or imported from a web address.
The Firefox extension redirects PDFs enabling viewing and annotation within the browser.
The deskPDF with PDFVue On Ramp release also features "print to PDFVue" functionality, allowing any printable file to be uploaded to PDFVue via the print process, and PostScript technology.
Features.
The primary features of the beta release include tools for creating and filling out forms, sharing & collaborating on documents, and annotating existing PDFs.
Additional functionality includes the ability to delete and rotate pages within the PDF.
Annotation.
The PDFVue Typewriter Tool allows text to be added to any PDF. This allows forms which have been created without fillable fields to be filled out, as well as documents which have been scanned in without OCR. Available annotation tools include:
Forms.
In addition to being able to fill out forms, PDFVue features tools for creating digital forms. Current supported fillable form fields include:
Sharing and collaboration.
After editing, PDFs can be downloaded locally and can be viewed from any PDF viewer. PDFVue also allows PDFs to be shared via providing a hyperlink to the hosted PDF, as an alternative to email attachments. With the annotation tools, this allows collaboration to take place on a single PDF, rather than on multiple versions shared between parties.
Firefox add-on.
The Firefox extension renders PDFs using PDFVue's servers, thus avoiding the Acrobat Plug-In freeze-up, as well as Acrobat Reader exploits. When enabled, this extensions traps URL requests on a low level catching PDFs from clicks, redirects, new tabs and the address bar, providing a better level of protection from an unintended PDF launch. Once opened in PDFVue.com, the PDF can be marked up and changes saved. This service is available from Mozilla Add Ons free of charge.
Print to PDFVue.
With the PDFVue OnRamp local documents are automatically uploaded to PDFVue and converted to text searchable PDF's for commenting and sharing.

</doc>
<doc id="19898520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898520" title="Shaughnessy playoff system">
Shaughnessy playoff system

The Shaughnessy playoff system is a method of determining the champion of a sports league that is not in a divisional alignment. It involves the participation of the top four teams in the league standings in a single elimination tournament. While the first round of the playoffs involve the pairing of the first- and fourth-place teams in one contest (whether it be a single game or a series of games) and the second- and third-place teams in the other, a variant of the Shaughnessy playoffs would pair the first- and third-place teams in one semifinal round and the second- and fourth-place teams in the other. In either variant, the winners of the first two games would then compete for the league championship.
History and usage.
North America.
The Shaughnessy playoff system was invented in 1933 by Frank Shaughnessy, the general manager of the Montreal Royals minor league baseball team of the International League. After its successful implementation by the International League, the popularity of the new postseason format spread to other leagues in other sports, including the All-America Football Conference (which used the Shaughnessy playoff system in the league's last season of existence) and the minor American football league American Association, which used the format in five of its championship seasons. The format has also been widely used in minor league baseball on all levels.
In the Original Six era of the National Hockey League (1942-1967), the circuit adopted a Shaughnessy playoff system (first place "vs." fourth place and second place "vs." third place) in which the paired teams played in a best-four-of-seven-games series with the winners advancing to the Stanley Cup championship round.
The National Women's Soccer League, which played its first season in 2013, uses a Shaughnessy playoff to determine its champion.
Europe.
More recently, the Shaughnessy playoff system has been adopted outside of North America. In English rugby union, the format is currently used to determine the winner of the Premiership, and from 2012–13 is also used in the second-level RFU Championship to determine the team to be promoted to the Premiership. The Premiership and Championship formats differ only in the number of matches contested—the Premiership playoff uses one-off matches, while all matches in the Championship playoff are two-legged. The Celtic League in Ireland, Scotland and Wales adopted an identical system starting in 2009–10, the season before that league expanded to include two teams from Italy.
In French rugby union, the Shaughnessy playoff is currently used to determine the second of two promotion spots in the second-tier Rugby Pro D2, though in that case the teams involved are the second- through fifth-placed teams, as the first-place team earns automatic promotion. Previously, the pure Shaughnessy system had been used to determine the champion of Top 14, but that league's playoffs expanded to six teams starting in 2009–10.
Southern Hemisphere.
In rugby union, the Shaughnessy system has been widely used throughout the SANZAR countries of South Africa, New Zealand and Australia, and remains in use for national competitions in the first two.
The Super Rugby competition, featuring teams from all three SANZAR countries, used the Shaughnessy format throughout its history as the Super 12 and Super 14, ending in 2010. With the competition's expansion to 15 teams as Super Rugby in 2011, the playoffs now involve six teams, with three conference champions and three "wild cards" advancing.
In South Africa, the Currie Cup uses a Shaughnessy playoff to determine the champions of both of its two divisions (Premier and First).
In New Zealand, the professional ITM Cup (formerly Air New Zealand Cup) adopted the Shaughnessy format in 2009, after having used an eight-team playoff bracket in its first two seasons in 2007 and 2008. In 2011, the ITM Cup split into two divisions, effectively re-creating the three-division system that existed in the National Provincial Championship era. The playoffs in both the new Premiership and Championship divisions use the Shaughnessy system except in World Cup years, in which only the top two teams contest a final. Since its inception in 2007, the amateur Heartland Championship has used the Shaughnessy system, implemented at the last group stage, to determine the winners of both of its trophies, the Meads and Lochore Cups.
Australia currently has no nationwide domestic competition. The latest attempt to establish such a league, the Australian Rugby Championship, used a Shaughnessy playoff, but was scrapped after its only season in 2007.
Philippines.
A modified Shaughnessy system has been used by the University Athletic Association of the Philippines for its basketball tournaments since 1993. In the semifinals with a #1 vs. #4 and #2 vs. #3 match-ups, the top two seeds possessing the twice to beat advantage, a variant of the best of three series where the higher seed has 1–0 series lead. The winners advance to the best of three finals; it has never been referred to as the "Shaughnessy system" in the country. The National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) adopted it for their basketball tournaments starting in 1998. It has since been adopted to other sports by other collegiate leagues, and in the Philippine Basketball Association, since then
Example.
As it was used in the playoffs of the 2008–09 Guinness Premiership:

</doc>
<doc id="19898552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898552" title="Kostajnik">
Kostajnik

Kostajnik () is a village in Serbia. It is situated in the Krupanj municipality, in the Mačva District of Central Serbia. Kostajnik is notable for being a fortified village since 1445. The village had a Serb ethnic majority and a population of 1,048 in 2002. 

</doc>
<doc id="19898568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898568" title="Morelos Municipality">
Morelos Municipality

Morelos (municipality) may refer to:
See also: 

</doc>
<doc id="19898575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898575" title="T. M. Wright">
T. M. Wright

Terrance Michael Wright (AKA T. M. Wright) is best known as a writer of horror fiction, speculative fiction, and poetry. He has written over 25 novels, novellas, and short stories over the last 40 years. His first novel, 1978's "Strange Seed", was nominated for a World Fantasy Award, and his 2003 novel "Cold House" was nominated for a Bram Stoker Award. His novels have been translated into many different languages around the world. His works have been reviewed by Kirkus Reviews, Publishers Weekly, Library Journal, Booklist, and many genre magazines. 
T.M. Wright's first publication was the non-fiction study of unidentified flying objects, entitled "The Intelligent Man's Guide to Flying Saucers" in 1968 for AS Barnes. "Strange Seed" had five foreign editions. 
His seventh novel, "A Manhattan Ghost Story", has had 14 foreign editions and was optioned to be filmed in the 1980s. A screenplay was written by Ronald Bass for which he was paid two million US dollars, a record breaking amount for an adaptation of a novel to the screen. The option was taken over by Robert Lawrence Productions in 1991, and then exercised in 1993. Many actors and directors have been attached to the project over the years including Wayne Wang, Julia Roberts, and Sharon Stone (who received five million US dollars because of her pay or play contract). The film is currently in development at Touchstone Pictures.
T. M. Wright has written over 40 short stories that have appeared in several magazines including "Twilight Zone Magazine", "PostScripts", "Cemetery Dance", "Flesh and Blood Magazine", "UpState", and "Brutarian". 
T. M. Wright has also painted book covers and done illustrations for magazines including "Brutarian". He did the artwork for his own book covers of two foreign editions of "Cold House" (German and Italian language editions), "The Eyes of the Carp" from Cemetery Dance Publications in 2005, "Blue Canoe" from PS Publishing, "Sleepeasy" (from Leisure Books), and his forthcoming collection "Bone Soup" from Cemetery Dance Publications.
In 2004, T. M. Wright was given the honor to be judge for the inaugural Anubis Awards by Jeff Schwaner (owner of Broken Umbrella Press). He currently lives in Honeoye, New York.
Selected bibliography.
Novels and Novellas.
Ryerson Biergarten series.
Series of novels featuring a detective named Ryerson Biergarten:

</doc>
<doc id="19898579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898579" title="Asclepias solanoana">
Asclepias solanoana

Asclepias solanoana is a rare species of milkweed known by the common names serpentine milkweed, prostrate milkweed, and solanoa. It is endemic to California, where it grows only in the North Coast Ranges north of the San Francisco Bay Area. This is a robust perennial herb producing smooth purple stems which lie prostrate along the ground. The thick leaves are arranged oppositely in pairs along the stem. The leaf has an oval or heart-shaped blade supported on a short petiole. The inflorescence is a heavy spherical cluster of flowers. Each flower has a central array of rounded hoods which are pink to brown and a corolla which is reflexed against the stalk or extends outwards.

</doc>
<doc id="19898581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898581" title="Solanoa">
Solanoa


</doc>
<doc id="19898607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898607" title="Carlos Calderón (footballer)">
Carlos Calderón (footballer)

Carlos Enrique Calderón Anaya (born January 18, 1986 in San Salvador, El Salvador) is a Salvadoran football player, who currently plays for Marte Soyapango in the Salvadoran Second division.
Club career.
Calderón started his career at Atlético Marte and moved to Luis Ángel Firpo in August 2004. He played for Luis Ángel Firpo in the 2008–09 CONCACAF Champions League Group Stage. He was loaned back for 6 months to Marte in 2009 but injury deprived him from playing too many games so Marte released him. In November 2010 he suffered a knee injury while playing for Marte Soyapango, which kept him out for another few months.
International career.
Calderón made his debut for El Salvador in an August 2007 friendly match match against Honduras and has, as of January 2011, earned a total of 4 caps, scoring no goals. His most recent international was an October 2007 friendly match against Trinidad & Tobago.

</doc>
<doc id="19898612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898612" title="Soon It's Gonna Rain">
Soon It's Gonna Rain

"Soon It's Gonna Rain" is a song from the musical comedy "The Fantasticks", with lyrics written by Tom Jones, and music composed by Harvey Schmidt.
The song was first sung by Rita Gardner and Kenneth Nelson in the original Off Broadway production of "The Fantasticks". Other performers from the long-running Off-Broadway production of the show to sing the song include Kristin Chenoweth, American Idol finalist Anthony Fedorov and winner of the thirteenth season of The Amazing Race, Nick Spangler.
In the Hallmark Hall of Fame broadcast on October 18, 1964, the song was performed by John Davidson and Susan Watson.
We Five did a version of the song on their 1969 album, "The Return of We Five."
In the 1995 film version of "The Fantasticks", the song was performed by Joey McIntyre and Jean Louisa Kelly.

</doc>
<doc id="19898622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898622" title="Reclaim (album)">
Reclaim (album)

'Reclaim' is Keep of Kalessin's first EP. It was released on December 6, 2003 in the United States and in Europe on January 15, 2004 as a Mini CD. It was recorded in July, 2003 in "Silverstone Studios" and "Schweinhund Studios". The EP was produced by "Schwein" and Obsidian C.. The EP was mixed by "Schwein" and mastered by "Masterhuset". The cover design was done by "MultiMono", by Asgeir Mickelson
Frost (Satyricon) heard the new Keep of Kalessin material and immediately said yes when Obsidian C. asked him to do the drumming on this new EP. Touring with Satyricon also made it possible for Obsidian C. to recruit the legendary Attila Csihar for the vocals on "Reclaim" who is well known for the vocals on Mayhem´s De Mysteriis Dom Sathanas. The three piece line-up recorded the EP which put the band into the Elite black metal scene of Norway, but due to the distance between Frost, Attila and Obsidian C., this line-up was short-lived.
Attila did all the vocals on this release. However, Obsidian C. performed additional vocals on "Come Damnation" and "Reclaim". Obsidian C. is also responsible for writing the music, except for "IX" which was written by Obsidian C. and "S. Groenbech". "Traveler" was written, but also performed by "S. Groenbech" alone. The lyrics were written by "Torstein Parelius", courtesy of "Chton and Manes". The lyrics of "Reclaim" were written by Obsidian C. and he was also responsible for the lyrical arrangements, together with Attila.

</doc>
<doc id="19898639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898639" title="Decoupling plus">
Decoupling plus

Decoupling plus is an economics term for the decoupling of higher profits for energy producers from higher energy use. Through government regulation, the energy producer makes a higher profit when energy conservation targets are met. 

</doc>
<doc id="19898645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898645" title="Asclepias vestita">
Asclepias vestita

Asclepias vestita is a species of milkweed known by the common name woolly milkweed. It is endemic to California, where it grows in many habitats across the state, from mountains to desert to valley. This is a robust perennial herb growing mostly upright or slightly bending. The thick leaves are oval to narrowly lance-shaped. The stem and leaves often have a coat of light-colored hairs, sometimes thick and woolly. The inflorescence is an umbel-shaped array to a spherical cluster of yellowish flowers. The flowers may be tinted with brown or purple. The fruit is a large yellowish follicle containing many silky-haired seeds.

</doc>
<doc id="19898661" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898661" title="Marinens Flyvebaatfabrikk M.F.10">
Marinens Flyvebaatfabrikk M.F.10

The Marinens Flyvebaatfabrikk M.F.10 (also known as the Høver M.F.10, after its designer) was a military trainer seaplane built in Norway in 1929. 
Characteristics.
It was a largely conventional biplane design derived from the M.F.9 fighter, and sharing its single-bay wings with additional struts bracing the lower wings to the fuselage sides. It differed from its predecessor in having two a second open cockpit in tandem with the pilot's, and while the prototype shared the M.F.9's wooden construction and Vee-engine, later examples had a tubular structure and a radial engine. Intended for advanced training, the aircraft was built strongly enough to allow for aerobatics and dive bombing. Having been built by the specifications from a US light dive bomber, the M.F.10 could both dive and fly on its back.
Design and construction.
Marinens Flyvebaatfabrikk began construction of a new trainer to replace the Hansa-Brandenburg W.33 in this role. The prototype, F.4 (V), first flew on 7 July 1929 and underwent stringent testing before moving on to the production stage. F.4 first flew with a Mercedes engine with a top speed of 157 km/h and a climbing speed of 2,000 meters in 25 minutes. The Mercedes power plant was replaced with a Hispano Suiza model with a top speed of 185 km/h and an ability to climb 2,000 metres in less than eight minutes.
Operational use.
Early service.
From May 1930 the prototype was given the registration number F.200, in line with the new number series to be used for two-seat trainers. The Royal Norwegian Navy Air Service's (RNNAS) goal for the type was to have one aircraft based at each of the three Norwegian naval air stations, leading to the delivery of two new aircraft, one in 1932 and another in 1933. The two new-built aircraft were delivered with Armstrong Siddeley Cheetah engines and a steel tube hull instead of F.200's wooden hull. Designated as M.F.10Bs and numbered F.202 and F.204, the two aircraft were modified with a new type balance rudder which greatly improved their flying characteristics. When F.202 was written off after a May 1935 crash a replacement aircraft was built and delivered in March 1936 as the fourth and last of the type. The same year F.200 had its wooden hull replaced with a steel tube one. In addition to its training role the M.F.10 was also used for operational tests, such as seaplanes' ability to land on and take off from snow and ice on frozen lakes. Successful tests were carried out in March 1933 with F.202 both on Borresvannet lake and on the snow-covered Kjeller air station.
Handling issues.
The type had a degree of difficulties as to getting out of a spin, something which on 14 October 1938 led to an accident with F.200 during a training mission with a student pilot. When the student was to bring the aircraft out of its spin the rudders failed to respond and the engine ceased. At 400 metres altitude the student was ordered to parachute, while the aircraft regained control at the same moment the student, 2nd Lt. Follevåg, jumped. The instructor, 1st. Lt. Brinch landed on the water and picked up the student.
Second World War.
In Norwegian service.
At the outbreak of the Second World War two M.F.10s (F.202 and F.204) were still in service with the RNNAS and deployed for neutrality guard duties, both first being based at Karljohansvern naval air station but with F.204 relocation to Kristiansand on 7 March 1940. In the evening of 8 April 1940 it became clear to the commander of Karljohansvern naval air station, Lieutenant Commander Gösta Wendelbo, that the situation was becoming critical and he ordered all flyable aircraft under his command to fly to Oscarsborg Fortress to await the situation. The decision led to the dispatched aircraft becoming caught up in the Battle of Drøbak Sound and lost. Seven aircraft, including M.F.10 F.202, landed near Oscarsborg Fortress and were there when intense fighting between a German invasion flotilla and Norwegian coastal fortifications began. The aircraft were blocked in the area and soon froze in, making it impossible for them to escape. On 11 April 1940 the leader of the unit's four remaining aircraft, including F.202, disbanded the unit. Four airmen remained trying to get one aircraft airborne, but after a week they removed the machine guns and bombs from the aircraft and left the area, the aircraft eventually being picked up by the Germans and moved to Horten. F.200 did not take part in the neutrality protection duties due to undergoing major maintenance at Marinens Flyvebaatfabrikk in Horten and was captured there on 9 April 1940. F.204, based in Kristiansand, was flown to a fjord west of the port of Lillesand when the German invasion began and destroyed there by its own crew on 10 April 1940.
Possible German use.
After the beginning of the German invasion of Norway, one M.F.10 was flown by the Germans from Horten to Gressholmen Airport near Oslo. At Gressholmen the aircraft was repainted and given the Norwegian word "Fiskerioppsyn" on one side and "Fischereidienst" on the other, both words meaning fisheries service. The Germans' intention was to use the M.F.10 and one Douglas DT-2 (number F.84) for fisheries surveillance duties off the coast of Møre. The project probably never got under way as the Luftwaffe demanded to have total control over the Norwegian airspace and were unlikely to have allowed any form of para-military organisation to fly over Norway. Although there were widespread contemporary rumours claiming that the aircraft were to be used for surveillance of Norwegian fishing boats, these have not been confirmed after searches of Norwegian and German archives.

</doc>
<doc id="19898665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898665" title="Kent Glasscock">
Kent Glasscock

Kenton Lee "Kent" Glasscock (born November 15, 1952) is a former Republican politician from Manhattan, Kansas. Glasscock was born in Warrensburg, Missouri, to Bill and Frances Glasscock. He served as Speaker of the House of the State of Kansas from 2001 to 2003. During his tenure, he served as the co-author of Governor Bill Graves budgets. Glasscock served as State Representative from the 62nd District from 1991-2003, was mayor of Manhattan in 1989 and served as a city commissioner from 1987-1990. 
Candidate for Governor.
During the 2002 election, Glasscock pursued the office of Governor of Kansas in a large field of conservatives and moderates. Glasscock announced while speaking to the Manhattan Konza Rotary Club. Glasscock left the race due to health problems. Kansas Attorney General Carla Stovall briefly campaigned for the Republican nomination for the office of Governor with Glasscock as her running mate. Despite an early lead in the polls, Stovall withdrew from the race in order to get married and spend more time with family. 
Glasscock returned to the race and was the front runner in campaign funds. Stovall's abrupt exit from the race caused the Republican party leaders to call a summit with Governor Bill Graves, Lt. Governor Gary Sherrer, Glasscock, Mark Parkinson, and the Governor's Chief of Staff Joyce Glasscock (spouse of Kent Glasscock). They met to strategize who should seek the nomination and take on eventual Democratic nominee Kathleen Sebelius. Governor Graves opted to support no one, and the result was an expensive three-way race. Glasscock joined with long-time mayor of Wichita, Bob Knight. The Knight-Glasscock ticket finished third behind Senator Dave Kerr and Mary Birch in second, and then State Treasurer Tim Shallenberger. Kansans did not elect the conservative nominee Shallenberger.
Kansas House service.
Glasscock represented Manhattan’s 62nd House District beginning in 1991. First elected to the House in 1990, he served the state legislature in many capacities including Speaker of the House, House Majority Leader, chair of the Government Organization and Elections Committee, chair of the Local Government Committee, and vice-chair of the Taxation Committee. He also served as a member of several committees: Appropriations, Energy and Natural Resources, Economic Development, the Joint Committee on Pensions and Investments, and the Joint Committee on Administrative Rules and Regulations.
Glasscock's tenure as Speaker of the House and House Majority Leader was challenged with moderate versus conservative battles over control of committees and legislation. Glasscock was elected to speaker on the fourth ballot after three ties. Despite these challenges, Glasscock successfully led a legislative initiative that made the state's single largest one-time investment in higher education research infrastructure; advanced an innovative early childhood Skills for Success education investment; and produced balanced budgets that protected funding for both higher education and K-12 education. In 1992, the National Council on State Governments selected Glasscock as one of 32 members of the annual Henry Toll Fellowship Program, the premier leadership development program for state government officials.
Education, family, business.
Glasscock earned his undergraduate degree in English from Kansas State University and is a graduate of Manhattan High School. He is married to Joyce Glassock, a graduate of the University of Missouri School of Journalism, who served for six years as Governor Graves' Chief of Staff and for two years as Graves' Secretary of the Kansas Department of Administration. Joyce, a native of Hamilton, Missouri, served in the office of former United States Senator John Danforth and served as field representative for Bob Dole's presidential bid in 1988.
Following 2002, the Glasscocks continued to live in Manhattan to work in private and local business and perform non-profit charitable work.
Glasscock is president and chief operating officer of the National Institute for Strategic Technology Acquisition and Commercialization (NISTAC). This entity is affiliated with Kansas State University. NISTAC supports basic research through a variety of programs including Centers of Excellence at state universities. 
Kent and his wife, Joyce have two sons.
Glasscock also is president of his family business, the Kansas Lumber Homestore.

</doc>
<doc id="19898668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898668" title="Phool Walon Ki Sair">
Phool Walon Ki Sair

Phool Walon Ki Sair (, ) meaning "procession of the florists" is an annual celebration by the flowers sellers of Delhi. It is a three-day festival, generally held in the month of September, just after the rainy season in the region of Mehrauli, Delhi. A festival is seen as an example of the composite culture of Delhi, which has bolstered an environment of communal harmony in the city, and even today the festival is celebrated by both Hindus and Muslims alike. 
This secular festival involves a procession, led by shehnai players and dancers, and bearing large floral fans, "pankha", to Yogmaya Temple, the shrine of Devi Jog Maya, and winds though Mehrauli bazar, to reach the dargah of 13th century Sufi saint, Khwaja Bakhtiyar Kaki.
Also known as "Sair-e-Gul Faroshan" (Hindi: सैर-ए-गुल फ़रोशां, Urdu: ), during this three festival, the flower sellers pray for a better flower season in the coming year by offering big fans, "pankha", embroidered with flowers to both shrines. 
Just as when it was first conceived, and had the Mughal Emperor as its patron, these days the festival has the Prime Minister of India has its main patron; Jawaharlal Nehru who revived and inaugurated festival in 1962, and all the PMs hence, have equally participated in the festival. Another tradition is to offer a similar floral "pankha" to the President of India, Chief Minister of Delhi and also the Lt. Governor of the city. The recent addition are the cultural troupes from various states of India, which perform songs, dances and drama at the main function which is held at 'Jahaz Mahal' in also in Mehrauli, located in a corner of 'Hauz Shamsi' and is believed to built in Lodhi dynasty era, takes the festival beyond its vision of communal harmony to that of national integration 
Origin.
The origin of Phool Waalon Ki Sair goes to 1812, during the reign of the Mughal King Akbar Shah II (r. 1808 -1837). Akbar Shah-II was not happy with his eldest son Siraj Uddin “Zafar” (Bahadur Shah Zafar II) and wanted to nominate his younger son Mirza Jahangir as the heir Apparent ("Wali-Ahad"). This move was not liked by the then British Resident in the Red Fort, Sir Archibald Seton. Once Mirza Jahangir who was a reckless youth of 19 insulted Seton in open court and called him Loolu. The British Resident somehow did not react to this insult as probably he did not understand the meaning of Loolu. After a few days, when Mirza Jahangir was merrymaking on the roof of Naubat Khana in Red Fort, Archibald Seton was coming from the Darbar after an audience with Resident. Mirza Jahangir fired a shot at the Resident from the roof of Naubat Khana. Seton escaped but his orderly was killed. For this act of his, Mirza Jahangir was exiled to Allahabad under orders of the British Resident.
The mother of Mirza Jahangir Queen Mumtaz Mahal Begum, was distraught and took a vow that if her son was released from Allahabad she would offer a chadar of flowers at the dargah of Khwaja Bakhtiar ‘Kaki’ at Mehrauli. After a couple of years Mirza Jahangir was released and like a devout lady Mumtaz Mahal Begum went to Mehrauli to redeem her vow. With her the Imperial Court also shifted to Mehrauli and so did the entire population of Delhi. For 7 days all sorts of merrymaking continued at Mehrauli with Jhoolas (swings) in the mango groves, cock fighting and bull bailin, kites flying, wrestling and swimming bouts. Amidst all this merrymaking with great pomp and show, a chadar made of flowers was offered at the Dargah of Khwaja Bakhtiar Kaki. The Mughal king was secular minded and under his orders floral offering in the shape of a floral pankha was offered at the famous Yogmaya Temple which is also in Mehrauli.
Seeing the response of the people and sensing the enthusiasm generated, it was decided that the festival will be held annually after the rains and people of all communities will offer pankha and chadar at the Dargah of Khwaja Bakhtiar Kaki and "pankha" and floral offering at Yogmayaji temple. The Darbar was also shifted to Mehrauli for the 7 days of the Festival. The Festival reached its pinnacle during the reign of Siraj-U-ddin “Zafar”, the last Mughal emperor also known as Bahadur Shah “Zafar”. Bahadur Shah “Zafar” went to celebrate “Phool Waalon Ki Sair” even in 1857 when Delhi was under siege of the British. This was the last “Phool Waalon Ki Sair” under the Mughals.
Celebration.
The people of Delhi carry flowers from the Chandni Chowk to Mehrauli- to shrine of Sufi saint Hazrat Qutubuddin Kaki and the Devi Jogmaya Mandir. The total distance of the Sair (walk) is about 32 km. One can read Delhi's soul in this journey of 32 km from Chandni Chowk to Mehrauli. Along the highway were scattered life giving baolis and sarais to quench the thirst of travellers, built by kings and commoners. Arab ki sarai.. Qutub ki sarai... Parsi temple ki sarai..Yogi ki sarai..Sheikh ki sarai..Badli-ki-Sarai..Katwaria Sarai etc. There used to be all-pervading ambience of fun and merriment what with qawwalis, and kathak being performed on the streets. Fire dancers also performed on the streets during the procession and added a mystic allure to the proceedings.
As it passed through streets of Mehrauli, where the Mughal courts used to shift after the rainy season, Mughal Emperor, Akbar Shah II, used to enjoy the procession from the balcony of Zafar Mahal in Mehrauli, and watched it move towards the shrine of Sufi Saint Qutbuddin Kaki and later to Yogmaya Temple
During British Raj.
The Festival continued to be celebrated even after 1857 revolt by the British Deputy commissioner who was the highest government functionary in Delhi with the help of some prominent citizens. The Festival was stopped by the British during Quit India Movement of Mahatma Gandhi in 1942 in pursuance of their “Divide and Rule” policy.
Revival of the festival.
In about 1961, the then Prime Minister of India Pandit Jawahar Lal Nehru thought of reviving the Festival and asked Mr. Noor Uddin Ahmed, the Mayor Of Delhi and Shri Yogeshwar Dayal, a scion of a prominent family of Delhi to revive the Festival. “Phool Waalon Ki Sair” was revived in 1961-62, when Nehru joined the festivities on September 6, 1962 
Pandit Jawahar Lal Nehru took great interest and came to Mehrauli on every “Phool Waalon Ki Sair” as long as he lived. The Festival has grown since then. During the period of Indira Gandhi as the Prime Minister, all the States of India were requested to participate in the Festival and the Festival known for communal harmony also took a step towards national integration by weaving the States of India into the garland of flowers of “Phool Waalon Ki Sair”.
After its revival in 1962, the Festival is organized every by "Anjuman Sair-e-Gul Faroshan", a society registered under the Societies Registration Act.

</doc>
<doc id="19898702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898702" title="Society of Animal Artists">
Society of Animal Artists

The Society of Animal Artists is an international organization for artists who paint, sculpt, or draw animals and wildlife, founded in 1960.
The Society of Animal Artists, Inc. (SAA) is "devoted to promoting excellence in the portrayal of the creatures sharing our planet, and to the education of the public through its informative art seminars, lectures and teaching demonstrations. Some of the finest animal artists from the United States, Canada, Europe, Africa, Japan, and Australia are represented in the Society's membership." 
The Society holds an annual exhibition, "Art & the Animal", which premieres at museum venues. A portion of the exhibition is shown on tour around the United States. Dr. David J. Wagner is the current Tour Director and Curator for the Society of Animal Artists. The Society celebrated its 50th anniversary in 2010 with their exhibition at the San Diego Natural History Museum in San Diego, CA. A complete history of the SAA's exhibition can be found on their website.

</doc>
<doc id="19898721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898721" title="Bill Heard Enterprises">
Bill Heard Enterprises

Bill Heard Enterprises was a company based in Columbus, Georgia which operated a group of automobile dealerships, primarily in the Southern United States. It abruptly ceased operations on September 24, 2008, as a result of the ongoing troubles in the subprime lending markets. At the time of its closure, Bill Heard Enterprises was the 11th-largest automobile dealer in the United States (and as high as seventh at the start of the 21st century), the largest in the state of Georgia, and the largest dealer of Chevrolet automobiles.
Four days after the closure of its dealerships, Bill Heard Enterprises filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection.
At its peak, the company operated dealerships in Georgia, Alabama, Florida, Texas, Arizona and Nevada. At the closure, there were 13 dealerships in the Heard chain, plus one that had closed two weeks prior.
Beginnings.
Bill Heard Enterprises began in 1919 as the William T. Heard Motor Company, where Bill Heard Sr. sold LaSalle, Essex and Hudson cars from a showroom in downtown Columbus. Heard founded the company using an inheritance from an uncle. In 1932, he began his long association with Chevrolet when he bought out a competing dealership.
Bill Heard Jr. joined the business in 1958 after attending Auburn University and a stint in the United States Navy. The younger Heard took over the company in 1961 when his father died.
Expansion.
Heard Jr. undertook a massive expansion beyond its home state in the 1980s. The expansion, built primarily on the premise of selling large numbers of cars at low profit margins — Heard called himself "Mr. Big Volume" in advertisements — worked well in the boom times of the 1990s and the first decade of the new millennium.
By 2005, the chain was at its peak, and Heard was a major figure in Columbus. A theater in the city's performing arts center was named for him, as was the street running past his flagship dealership. His advertisements were heard or seen frequently in media outlets in the cities where his company's dealerships operated. General Motors awarded BHE its highest honor, "Dealer of the Year."
Controversy over business practices.
The company's expansion came at a price, however. Much of Heard's business was built on customers whose financial situation meant they would not qualify for loans from traditional lenders, such as banks, credit unions and General Motors Acceptance Corporation, the financing unit of General Motors. Heard's dealerships were accused of using deceptive practices to entice buyers to purchase cars, or to qualify their purchases by not being truthful about their financial qualifications or the automobiles they sought to buy. The chain was also accused of using a fake "urgent potential recall notice" from GM to encourage previous buyers to purchase a new car.
The company was in continuing trouble with the Governor of Georgia's Office of Consumer Affairs, with enforcement actions taking place 15 times. The state also filed a lawsuit over the recall-notice affair; that lawsuit was still being contested when the company closed. In 2006 and 2007, the state reported (after an inquiry by the son of Heard Jr.) that BHE had 113 complaints filed against it by Georgia consumers, while the five largest competitors had a combined total of ten.
Closure and bankruptcy.
The company started to encounter problems when the market for subprime lending diminished drastically, as a result of similar issues with lenders of subprime mortgages. This cut off both a source of much of its customer base, but additional income from fees paid to Heard by subprime lenders, often 2% to 3% of the sale price. The beginning of the end came in late August 2008, when GMAC which finances the inventories of many of its dealers, as well as car buyers cut off credit to several of Heard Enterprises' dealerships. About that same time, the state of Georgia announced its plans for legal action against BHE regarding the fake recall notice promotion.
With mounting pressure from lenders and regulators, the company first closed its Scottsdale, Arizona location on September 12. Twelve days later, BHE announced the closure of the remainder of the company operations. On September 28, the company filed for bankruptcy protection in Decatur, Alabama. The filing listed debts of more than $240 million.
The company had been in talks with various prospective buyers for individual dealerships before the bankruptcy filing. NASCAR team owner and automobile dealer Rick Hendrick has been mentioned as a possible buyer, as well as a dealer from San Diego, California. Following the filing, Judge Jack Caddell of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Alabama set terms for Heard to find one or more buyers. Such buyers would have to be approved by the court and General Motors.

</doc>
<doc id="19898739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898739" title="Chris Hayes (ice hockey)">
Chris Hayes (ice hockey)

Christopher Joseph Hayes (born August 24, 1946 in Rouyn, Quebec) was a professional ice hockey player who played left wing shooting left. He grew up in Chapeau, Quebec a small village bordering on the Ottawa Valley. 
Hayes spent three years playing junior hockey for Oshawa 1965-68. He left hockey for two years, but returned in the 1970-71 season to play for Loyola College in Montreal. He then turned pro playing in four pro leagues for five different teams in four year span. The highlight for Chris Hayes came during the 1971-72 season while playing for Oklahoma City Blazers(AHL). Hayes was called due to injuries to play for the Boston Bruins. He played one game in the 1972 Stanley Cup Finals, and though he never played in the NHL again, is regarded by the NHL as a Stanley Cup champion.Hayes became a free agent at the end of the 1973-74 season and played a few games (4) in the NAHL in 1975-76.

</doc>
<doc id="19898743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898743" title="Cloonanaha">
Cloonanaha

Cloonanaha () (less often Clounanaha) is a small village and townland in County Clare, Ireland. The village is just off the R460 road to the west of Inagh. It has a small school called Cloonanaha National School and a Catholic church. Cloonanaha is within the civil parish of Inagh and the barony of Inchiquin.

</doc>
<doc id="19898747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898747" title="Morelos (disambiguation)">
Morelos (disambiguation)

Morelos is one of the 31 states of Mexico, named for Independence War hero José María Morelos 
Morelos may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19898755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898755" title="John Linehan (basketball)">
John Linehan (basketball)

John Lewis Linehan (born May 1, 1978) is an American professional basketball player. He played competitively at Chester High School, then at Winchendon School (Winchendon, Massachusetts). He played guard for Providence College from 1997 to 2002. The 5'9", 165 lb. player finished his collegiate career as the NCAA all-time leader in steals with 385.
He holds the assists in a single-game record in Euroleague. In the 3rd November he delivered 15 assists.
He led the Big East Conference in steals three different seasons, earning the Big East Defensive Player of the Year and Second Team All-Big East honors his last two seasons. As a senior in 2001–02, he averaged 12.5 points, 3.8 rebounds, 4.4 assists and 4.5 steals, finishing second in the nation in steals. As a result, he was awarded the Henry Iba Corinthian Award that season.
Linehan was not drafted into the National Basketball Association (NBA). He played for the Greenville Groove of the then-National Basketball Development League (NBDL). In 2003–04 he played for the Dakota Wizards of the Continental Basketball Association (CBA) and won the league championship with the team.
After the CBA championship Linehan moved to Europe and signed with Paris Basket Racing of the LNB in France, where he also played two years (2006–08) for SLUC Nancy.
In 2008–09 he played for BC Kalev/Cramo, in Estonia. With the team he won Estonian Cup and Estonian Championship title.
In July 2009 he signed a one-year contract with French Pro A team Cholet Basket. He won the 2009–10 French championship with the team.
In July 2010 Linehan signed a contract with French Pro A team SLUC Nancy, and in 2010–11 they won the French championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19898800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898800" title="Mwanda Peak">
Mwanda Peak

Mwanda Peak is the highest topographical point in the border of Zambia. It is located near the border with Malawi in the thin northeastern arm of Eastern Province, and sits in the Nyika Plateau.

</doc>
<doc id="19898809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898809" title="Suncheon Bay Ecological Park">
Suncheon Bay Ecological Park

Suncheon Bay Ecological Park is a protected natural area near Suncheon, South Korea. It is a bay between Yeosu and Goheung peninsulas, located from the center of Suncheon, with of mudflats and of reed beds.
From the junction of the Dong and Isa streams to the beginning of the mudflat in Suncheon Bay, it has the widest reed bed in Korea. In autumn, reed blossoms, red turkeys, and white migratory birds make the area a popular attraction.
Climate.
Suncheon Bay, facing the South Sea, has a climate strongly influenced by the sea. The average temperature of the coldest month is about . A yearly average temperature is . The annual temperature range is smaller than other areas.
Gardening and cultivation advances benefit from the warm temperatures in winter. The area is developing fisheries for gray mullet, gizzard shad and octopus, and an aquaculture industry.
The administrative area of Suncheon Bay is over . The total area of sandbar exposed at the ebb tide is about and the total is .
Formation of Suncheon Bay.
Suncheon Bay is about 8,000 years old. Studies performed by geologists have determined that, after the earth's last glacial epoch, the level of sea increased about . The western area of Korea, called West Sea, turned from land to sea. The Korean peninsula was as it is today. Suncheon Bay consists of brackish water, earth and sand, transported in by the river and accumulated over time by the tide of the sea, forming an extensive sandbar.
Inhabitants of Suncheon Bay.
Suncheon Bay is a treasure house of many diverse species, making it an important area of study. Due to little pollution, the area has developed salty swampy land, abounding in fresh marine products, and numerous and varied invertebrate animals and sea plants.
The extensive reedbeds form the wintering site and habitat for rare birds including the hooded crane, sea gull, white stork, black-faced spoonbill and Eastern Great Egret.
Natural environment of Suncheon Bay.
Swampy Land.
The land frequently called a swamp is the transition region between land and sea. It is also called "the swirl of life" and "the lungs of earth," due to the many lifeforms that live in it.
The swampy area of Suncheon Bay expands into the downstream area at which Dong-cheon and Isa-cheon meet, supplying the swampy land. The speed of the current rises by the increasing slope, and the land extends downstream. The swampy land, unique to Korea, is preserved in view of its natural ecology.
The reedbeds and "Suaeda japonica" of Suncheon Bay are the main habitat for migratory birds, which attracts tourists.
Sandbar.
The sandbar is unceasingly provided with nutrients from the river and is home to a diverse variety of animals and plants. The productive ecosystem of a sandbar is a habitat on which 20% of creatures on earth live. Suncheon Bay is about 8 million pyeong in size. The depth of the highly developed fine clay layers is about . The sandbar is very productive and fills the role of natural purification and esthetics.
Vegetation.
A total of 116 species, 92 genera, and 36 families of plants inhabit the salty area of Suncheon Bay. A community of "Phragmites communis" forms the sides of the inner bank, which is also inhabited by zoysia sinica, "Kummerowia stipulacea", "Rhynchosia volubilis", and other plant life. Within of the outer parts of the bank, plants such as "Erigeron bonariensis" and "Echinochloa crus-galli" endure the salty environment relatively well.
The "Phragmites communis" community extends more and more as a dominant species of Suncheon Bay, developing and forming a ring shape in several areas of the reeds. "Suaeda asparagoides" grows well on the dry ground of the lower part of the bank, and groups of "Aster tripolium" and "Plantago maritima" grow well near watercourses or puddles. The "Phragmites communis" and "Suaeda japonica" communities grow as dominant species in farmlands and fields.
Phragmites communis community.
The beginning of Suncheon Bay contains a densely spread community of "Phragmites communis" approximately 300,000 pyeong in size, which is more than 30 years old. This community has been growing more quickly within the past 10 years. Other "Phragmites communis" communities in Korea have been destroyed, but the community of Suncheon Bay is the widest and most well-preserved.
The "Phragmites communis" community has an outstanding purifying function and provides a productive environment for "Boleophthalmus pectinirostris", which is very sensitive to pollution. It plays a role not only as a natural sanitation facility of Suncheon Bay, but also controls flooding. It blocks the cold wind, which attracts fish, as well as birds that eat these fish. The "Phragmites communis" community has become a habitat of various species of rare birds.
Birds.
Approximately 158 species of birds inhabit Suncheon Bay, including 15 species of natural monument, six endangered species specified by the Ministry of Environment, 13 species of preserved species, 12 species of IUCN Red List, 16 species of CITES annex, and 15 species in Ramsar Convention.
Of the world's total population, more than 1% of "Grus monacha" and "Larus saundersi", 18% of "Tadorna tadorna", and 7% of "Çalidris alpina" inhabit the Suncheon Bay area. These are international preserved species.
The dominant species are "Anas acuta", "Tadorna tadorna", "Anas platyrhynchos", "Aythya marila" mariloides, "Aythya fuligula"and "Anser alvifrons". Scolopacidae, plover such as "Calidris alpina", and "Charadrius alexandrinus" use the Suncheon Bay for their hibernation area.
Other visiting species to the area include "Grus vipio", "Platalea minor", "Ciconia boyciana", "Falco tinnunculus" interstinctus, "Microsarcops cinereus", and "Haematopus ostralegus" osculans.
Benthos.
Suncheon Bay is home to many marine resources. Inhabitants include various groups of organisms, from a microbes to higher lifeforms, including a total of 43 species of benthos, a community of organisms which live on, in or near the seabed. The density of inhabitation is about 300 individuals per 0.1m².
Bivalve mollusks, such as "Neanthes japonica", "Sinonovacula constricta", "Cyclina sinensis", "Megangulus venulosus", and glaucinomyachinensis, are widely spread throughout the middle and lower beaches.
Suncheon Bay Eco-Museum.
The Suncheon Bay Eco-Museum, created in Haeryong-myeon and Byeolang-myeon, Dosa-dong, Suncheon-si is composed of Ecology Hall in the central facility zone, Yongsan Observatory overlooking Suncheon Bay, and small parks with the hem of Unmyong and Waon.
The Eco-Museum created in the central facility zone contains organized "Phragmites communis", beaches and birds. It preserves various ecological resources and encourages academic research of resources and the ecological study by students and the general population. Indoor facilities include a plan exhibition room, main exhibition room, movie room, ecology classroom and seminar room. Outdoor facilities include the beach experience course nearby that can be used as an ecology study course for students and the general population, in addition to overview and sunset over Suncheon Bay.
Biology of Suncheon Bay.
Shelter for passage birds.
The natural ecological value of Suncheon Bay is represented by the habitation of migratory or passage birds, a measure of the productivity value of the swamp. "Numenius madagascariensis", or Far Eastern Curlew, loses half of its weight during its migratory flight non-stop from Australia. It recovers while staying at Suncheon Bay for two weeks before flying on to Siberia. It visits the Suncheon Bay area for its rich food supply.
The area's wide "Suaeda japonica" community and "Phragmites communis" community becomes a shelf providing a supply of food. The birds also catch food in the nearby field.
Winter passage birds.
Winter passage birds that make a stopover in Suncheon Bay include "Grus monacha", "Anser albifrons", "Tadorna tadorna", "Anas penelope" linnaeusm, "Anas crecca", "Anas platyrhynchos", "Anas acuta", "Mergus serrator", "Mergus mergansercircus" cyaneus, "Coturnix coturnix", "Grus vipio", "Vanellus vanellus", "Calidris alpina", "Numenius arquata", "Larus saundersi", "Larus ridibundus", "Larus argentatus", "Motacilla grandis", "Prunella nontanella" badia, "Motacilla grandis" and "Turdus eunomus".
Summer passage birds.
Summer passage birds of the Suncheon Bay area include "Nycticorax nycticorax", "Bubulcus ibis", "Egretta garzetta", "Egretta alba modesta", "Ardea cinerea", "Charadrius dubius" curonicus, "Alcedo atthis" bengalensis, "Motacilla cinerea" robusta, "Motacilla alba" and "Acrocephalus arundinaceus".
Spring and fall passage birds.
Of the spring and fall passage birds to Suncheon Bay, approximately 15,000 crane plover pass through Suncheon Bay annually. There are 10 species that comprise 1% or more of Ramsar Convention joining requirements: "Pluvialis squatarola" (1%), "Calidris alpina"(7%), "Numenius phaeopus" (1%), "Tringa nebularia" (1%), "Tringa guttifer" (2%), "Xenus cinereus" (3%), "Tringa brevipes" (1%), "Limosa lapponica" (1%), "Numenius arquata" (2%), and "Charadrius alexandrinus" (1%).
Beach.
The north-to-south coast of Korea follows a rough line. Because of its geological feature forming a long gulf, the tide range is very large, which forms a long beach. This beach of Korea is one of the top five longest beaches, along with the eastern coast of Canada, eastern and northern coasts of North America, and the Amazon River area.
The beach of Suncheon Bay is approximately 3,000 years old, with and approximately 8 million pyeong of preserved natural areas providing a habitat for various creatures. It is an internationally preserved habitat for rare passage birds. The beach, a neutral zone connecting land and sea, provides a habitat and spawning grounds for various fish and shellfish. More than 60% of the total fish catch for the area is produced from beach, and one third of creatures facing extermination are known to inhabit the beach.
Various species, including 230 species of fish, 193 species of crab, 74 species of shrimp and 58 species of shellfish live in the beach habitat. The variety of creatures inhabiting this area is due to the rich nutrient salt, which provides high productivity. According to "Nature", a science magazine published in England, the ecological value of the beach is US$9,990 per 1§µ(0.01§´). It shows a higher value than farmland, which has an ecological value of US$92. It is an ecologic value of centuple.
The Ministry of Environment of Korea evaluates the ecological value of the Korean beach as US$24.315, because Korean beach is a habitat for creatures where marine goods are produced, which is a higher value compared to foreign nations. The beach of Suncheon Bay has been evaluated to have productivity converse to the economic value of approximately 24,500,000,000 won annually.
Reeds.
The total area of the "Phragmites communis" field in Suncheon Bay is approximately 300,000 pyeong. It covers over Gyoryang-dong, Daedae-dong and Junghueng-ri, Haechang-ri, Seonhak-ri and Haeryong-myeon of Suncheon-si.
Each side of the long watercourse joining Dongcheon and Isacheon to the rivermouth is completely covered with a field of "Phragmites communis", the biggest "Phragmites communis" community in Korea. Its balls of seeds turn silver in the sunlight. The "Phragmites communis" field is both a habitat for marine creatures and a key to the maintenance of the swamp ecosystem.
Suncheon Bay maintains its clean ecosystem with the help of the large community of "Phragmites communis" of 300,000 pyeong. 
The root of "Phragmites communis" accelerates the growth of bacteria, which filters and absorbs solids. The stem and leaves of "Phragmites communis" obstruct the growth of seaweed and slows down the wind on the water's surface. It transmits oxygen from the atmosphere into water to the submerged parts of the plants, heightening the quantity of oxygen necessary to dissolve organic matters in the water to purify and improve the water quality. Oxygen discharged from the roots of "Phragmites communis" oxidizes soil in a resolving state, and promotes the activation and dissolution of nearby microorganisms. The wide "Phragmites communis" field provides an environment for the microorganism group to inhabit so that it dissolves and disperses various types of polluting substances.
Ramsar Convention.
The swampy area of Suncheon Bay Ecological Park is the most productive life supporting ecosystem in the area. The protection of it is very important for biological, hydrological, and economic reasons. In many areas around the world, swamps are damaged due to factors including irrigation, reclamation and pollution.
To stop the damage to swamps, international and technological conferences sponsored by the International Waterfowl & Wetlands Research Bureau (IWRB) were conducted in 1960. As the result of conferences, a convention was joined in Ramsar, Iran on February 2, 1971. The establishment of the Ramsar Convention helped establish a convention on wetlands of international importance especially as waterfowl habitats. Korea joined this convention on July 28, 1997, as the 101st member. Young Swamp of Daeam Mountain in Inje-gun, Gangwon-do and Upo Swamp in Changnyeong-gun, Gyeongnam are registered as Ramsar Swamps.
Suncheon Bay began to gain attention for its waterfowl population and enlisted into the Ramsar Convention. It satisfies the "various kinds of birds requiring different types of habitat inhabiting" part of the Ramsar Conventions, making Suncheon Bay strong candidate to become a Ramsar Swamp. Suncheon Bay was designated as a swamp preserving area of Korea in December 2003, and it joined the international network for protection of the crane in northeastern Asia in 2004. The Northeastern Crane Network was organized as a protection strategy of Asian and Pacific passage birds at the 6th Ramsar Convention conference in 1996.
The Ministry of Maritime Affairs and Fisheries of Korea will request registration of Suncheon Bay as a Ramsar Swamp in August or September 2013. If it becomes a Ramsar Swamp, the natural environment of Suncheon Bay and its ecosystem will be better preserved.
Suncheon International Wetlands Center.
Suncheon Bay is one of the fifth-largest tidal flats in the world, an international wetland that attracted approximately 2.8 million visitors in 2008. The methodology for the design of the Suncheon International Wetlands Center began with the concept of leading visitors through the wetlands to the Suncheon Bay. The imprint of the receding tide water becomes the concept for this design.
The visitor’s center is placed at the northeast corner of the site, identified with meandering pathways which encourage and direct visitors to experience the wetlands and outdoor exhibits. The design of these pathways allows visitors to experience the topographical change of the site from forest to wetland. The placement of the building maximizes both the picturesque views to the mountains beyond and to the river, creating a visual continuation of both the water’s path and visitor’s circulation.
The buildings and pathways are designed to minimally affect the natural order of the protected wetland. Recesses in the pathways around the building allow for the wetland to continue under the structures. Building functions are separated into distinctly different envelops to allow for greater climatic control and lessen the overall energy usage. The green roof continues the language of the mountains beyond, allowing the gallery interior unobstructed views of nature. The wooden façade is intended to minimize summer sun exposure, maximize potential winter daylight and blend in with the surrounding woodland to the north. Framed views from the gallery through these wooden slats capture light and help set the mood for the visitor’s center.
Providing connectivity to the 2013 Garden Expo, and the greater city of Suncheon, this design intends to reconnect visitors to nature and a network of facilities designed to teach them about wetland preservation.

</doc>
<doc id="19898810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898810" title="Dziechciniec">
Dziechciniec

Dziechciniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązowna, within Otwock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Wiązowna, north-east of Otwock, and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 400.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898812" title="Emów">
Emów

Emów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązowna, within Otwock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Wiązowna, north of Otwock, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898815" title="Glinianka, Masovian Voivodeship">
Glinianka, Masovian Voivodeship

Glinianka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązowna, within Otwock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Wiązowna, east of Otwock, and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 804.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898816" title="Izabela, Masovian Voivodeship">
Izabela, Masovian Voivodeship

Izabela is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązowna, within Otwock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898817" title="Kopki, Masovian Voivodeship">
Kopki, Masovian Voivodeship

Kopki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązowna, within Otwock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Wiązowna, east of Otwock, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898819" title="Kruszówiec">
Kruszówiec

Kruszówiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązowna, within Otwock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Wiązowna, east of Otwock, and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 73.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898820" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898820" title="Lipowo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Lipowo, Masovian Voivodeship

Lipowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązowna, within Otwock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Wiązowna, east of Otwock, and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 100.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898821" title="Majdan, Otwock County">
Majdan, Otwock County

Majdan is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązowna, within Otwock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Wiązowna, north of Otwock, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898825" title="Malcanów, Masovian Voivodeship">
Malcanów, Masovian Voivodeship

Malcanów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązowna, within Otwock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Wiązowna, north-east of Otwock, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898828" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898828" title="Michałówek, Otwock County">
Michałówek, Otwock County

Michałówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązowna, within Otwock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898831" title="Pęclin">
Pęclin

Pęclin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązowna, within Otwock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898832" title="Poręby, Otwock County">
Poręby, Otwock County

Poręby is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązowna, within Otwock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898833" title="Radiówek">
Radiówek

Radiówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązowna, within Otwock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Wiązowna, north-east of Otwock, and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 240.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898834" title="Rzakta">
Rzakta

Rzakta is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązowna, within Otwock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Wiązowna, east of Otwock, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898835" title="Wiązowna">
Wiązowna

Wiązowna is a village in Otwock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Wiązowna. It lies approximately north-east of Otwock and east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 980.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898836" title="Wiązowna Kościelna">
Wiązowna Kościelna

Wiązowna Kościelna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązowna, within Otwock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Otwock and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898839" title="Wola Ducka">
Wola Ducka

Wola Ducka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązowna, within Otwock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Wiązowna, east of Otwock, and south-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898841" title="Wola Karczewska">
Wola Karczewska

Wola Karczewska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązowna, within Otwock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Wiązowna, east of Otwock, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898842" title="Zagórze, Otwock County">
Zagórze, Otwock County

Zagórze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązowna, within Otwock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898843" title="Zakręt">
Zakręt

Zakręt may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19898844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898844" title="Zakręt, Otwock County">
Zakręt, Otwock County

Zakręt is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązowna, within Otwock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Wiązowna, north of Otwock, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898845" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898845" title="Żanęcin">
Żanęcin

Żanęcin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązowna, within Otwock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Wiązowna, north-east of Otwock, and east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898858" title="Antoninów, Piaseczno County">
Antoninów, Piaseczno County

Antoninów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Piaseczno and south of Warsaw. It is ethnically Polish, though some foreigners are present in the community.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898859" title="Bąkówka">
Bąkówka

Bąkówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898860" title="Baszkówka">
Baszkówka

Baszkówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
On August 25, 1994, the village witnessed the fall of a stony meteorite.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898861" title="Bobrowiec, Masovian Voivodeship">
Bobrowiec, Masovian Voivodeship

Bobrowiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Piaseczno and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898862" title="Bogatki">
Bogatki

Bogatki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Piaseczno and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898864" title="Chojnów, Masovian Voivodeship">
Chojnów, Masovian Voivodeship

Chojnów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Piaseczno and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898866" title="Chylice, Piaseczno County">
Chylice, Piaseczno County

Chylice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Piaseczno and south of Warsaw.

</doc>
<doc id="19898867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898867" title="Chyliczki">
Chyliczki

Chyliczki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Piaseczno and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898870" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898870" title="Głosków, Piaseczno County">
Głosków, Piaseczno County

Głosków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Piaseczno and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898871" title="Głosków-Letnisko">
Głosków-Letnisko

Głosków-Letnisko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898873" title="Gołków">
Gołków

Gołków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Piaseczno and south of Warsaw.
On 9 July 1794 it was the site of the Battle of Gołków, fought in the early stages of the Kościuszko Uprising
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898874" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898874" title="Grochowa, Masovian Voivodeship">
Grochowa, Masovian Voivodeship

Grochowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Piaseczno and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898875" title="Henryków-Urocze">
Henryków-Urocze

Henryków-Urocze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Piaseczno and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898877" title="Jastrzębie, Masovian Voivodeship">
Jastrzębie, Masovian Voivodeship

Jastrzębie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898878" title="Jazgarzew">
Jazgarzew

Jazgarzew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Piaseczno and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898880" title="Jesówka">
Jesówka

Jesówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Piaseczno and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898881" title="Józefosław">
Józefosław

Józefosław is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Piaseczno and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898883" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898883" title="Julianów, Gmina Piaseczno">
Julianów, Gmina Piaseczno

Julianów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898885" title="Kamionka, Gmina Piaseczno">
Kamionka, Gmina Piaseczno

Kamionka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898886" title="Kuleszówka">
Kuleszówka

Kuleszówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Piaseczno and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898887" title="Łbiska">
Łbiska

Łbiska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Piaseczno and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898889" title="Mieszkowo">
Mieszkowo

Mieszkowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19898890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898890" title="Mieszkowo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Mieszkowo, Masovian Voivodeship

Mieszkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898891" title="Nowinki, Piaseczno County">
Nowinki, Piaseczno County

Nowinki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Piaseczno and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898892" title="Orzeszyn">
Orzeszyn

Orzeszyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Piaseczno and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898895" title="Pęchery">
Pęchery

Pęchery is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Piaseczno and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898896" title="Pęchery-Łbiska">
Pęchery-Łbiska

Pęchery-Łbiska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898897" title="Pilawa, Piaseczno County">
Pilawa, Piaseczno County

Pilawa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898899" title="Pólko, Piaseczno County">
Pólko, Piaseczno County

Pólko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898901" title="Robercin">
Robercin

Robercin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Piaseczno and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898902" title="Runów">
Runów

Runów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Piaseczno and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898903" title="Runów-Osada">
Runów-Osada

Runów-Osada is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898904" title="Siedliska, Masovian Voivodeship">
Siedliska, Masovian Voivodeship

Siedliska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Piaseczno and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898905" title="Szczaki">
Szczaki

Szczaki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Piaseczno and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898907" title="Wola Gołkowska">
Wola Gołkowska

Wola Gołkowska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Piaseczno and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898908" title="Wólka Kozodawska">
Wólka Kozodawska

Wólka Kozodawska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898909" title="Wólka Pęcherska">
Wólka Pęcherska

Wólka Pęcherska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898910" title="Aspidotis californica">
Aspidotis californica

Aspidotis californica is a species of fern known by the common name California lacefern. It is native to California and Baja California. 
It grows in rock cracks and crevices in many types of habitat. The leaves are thin and dissected into many triangular leaflets which are subdivided into small segments with curled teeth. The leaf segments bear sori containing sporangia, with the edges of the leaves rolled under to create a false indusium over the sori.

</doc>
<doc id="19898911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898911" title="Wólka Pracka">
Wólka Pracka

Wólka Pracka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898914" title="Żabieniec, Piaseczno County">
Żabieniec, Piaseczno County

Żabieniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Piaseczno and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898915" title="Zalesie Górne">
Zalesie Górne

Zalesie Górne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Piaseczno and south of Warsaw.
Zalesie Górne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina, within piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in Gmina Piaseczno, summer resort situated about 3 km South-East of Piaseczno, 28 km from the Centre of Warsaw.
The village was founded in the 1930s, and as of 2013 its population was 3867. Located on provincial road No.873 and with a station on the Warsaw-Radom Railway line the village is today an affluent commuter suburb of the Capital. The surrounding forests are likewise a popular vacation spot for Warsaw residents.
Landmarks in the town include the school, Railway station, and the Roman Catholic parish of St. Hubert. There is also a Hall of Jehovah's Witnesses.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898916" title="Złotokłos">
Złotokłos

Złotokłos is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Piaseczno and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898918" title="Morelos Satellite System">
Morelos Satellite System

The "Morelos" satellites were a series of two Mexican communications satellites. 
They operated between 1985 and 1998 and provided telephony, data, and television services over the territory of the Mexican Republic and adjacent areas.
They were replaced by the Solidaridad Satellite System ("Solidaridad I", launched 17 November 1993, and "Solidaridad 2", launched 17 October 1994) and, following privatisation, by the Satmex Satellite System.
Morelos I.
"Morelos I" was Mexico's first communications satellite. It was built and put into orbit under a contract from the Secretariat of Communications and Transport (SCT), the federal ministry responsible for the nation's communications systems.
"Morelos I", a Hughes Aircraft Corporation HS-376, was launched by the U.S. space shuttle "Discovery" (mission STS-51-G) on 17 June 1985 and entered geostationary orbit at 113° W on 17 December 1985.
Morelos II.
"Morelos II" was launched in November 1985 and remained in service until July 1998. Built by the Hughes Aircraft Corporation for the SCT, it was launched by the space shuttle "Atlantis" on 27 November 1985; the mission, STS-61-B, included Guerrero-born astronaut Rodolfo Neri Vela as a payload specialist in its crew. "Morelos II" held a geostationary orbit at 116.8° W.

</doc>
<doc id="19898924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898924" title="Aleksandrów, Piaseczno County">
Aleksandrów, Piaseczno County

Aleksandrów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Góra Kalwaria, south-west of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898927" title="Baniocha">
Baniocha

Baniocha is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Góra Kalwaria, south-east of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
The village has an approximate population of 4,000.

</doc>
<doc id="19898930" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898930" title="Borki, Piaseczno County">
Borki, Piaseczno County

Borki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Góra Kalwaria, south-east of Piaseczno, and south-east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 40.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898931" title="Brześce, Masovian Voivodeship">
Brześce, Masovian Voivodeship

Brześce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Góra Kalwaria, south-east of Piaseczno, and south-east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 850.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898932" title="Brzumin">
Brzumin

Brzumin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Góra Kalwaria, south-east of Piaseczno, and south-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898933" title="Buczynów">
Buczynów

Buczynów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Góra Kalwaria, south-east of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898934" title="Cendrowice">
Cendrowice

Cendrowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Góra Kalwaria, south-east of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898935" title="Coniew">
Coniew

Coniew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Góra Kalwaria, south-east of Piaseczno, and south-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898936" title="Czachówek, Masovian Voivodeship">
Czachówek, Masovian Voivodeship

Czachówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Góra Kalwaria, south of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898938" title="Czaplin">
Czaplin

Czaplin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Góra Kalwaria, south-east of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898939" title="Czaplinek (disambiguation)">
Czaplinek (disambiguation)

Czaplinek may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19898944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898944" title="Czaplinek, Masovian Voivodeship">
Czaplinek, Masovian Voivodeship

Czaplinek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Góra Kalwaria, south-east of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898946" title="Czarny Las, Piaseczno County">
Czarny Las, Piaseczno County

Czarny Las is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Góra Kalwaria, south-east of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898950" title="Czersk, Masovian Voivodeship">
Czersk, Masovian Voivodeship

Czersk is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Góra Kalwaria, south-east of Piaseczno, and south-east of Warsaw. The village also lies on the Czersk Lake (size: 9 hectares), which is Oxbow lake of the Vistula. 
Czersk was an important settlement in the past and is one of the oldest Mazovian cities, famous for ruins of a medieval castle constructed in the late 14th century. The village currently has a population of about 590, but in the past, it was a royal town of the Crown of the Kingdom of Poland. In 1247-1526, it was the capital of the Duchy of Czersk, one of medieval Polish duchies. After incorporation of Mazovia into Poland (1526), the duchy was turned into the Czersk Land (see ziemia), part of Masovian Voivodeship (1526–1795). The Land of Czersk was divided into four counties - those of Czersk, Grojec, Garwolin (since 1539), and Warka. Czersk itself was the seat of castellans, who also were senators of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth. 
Name.
Czersk was first mentioned in the Laurentian Codex, in which under the date 1142, it is spelled as Чьрньскъ (Čьrnьsk, Cz(i)rn(i)sk). In Polish-language sources, it was spelled Cirnsk (1236-1237), Cyrnsko (1242), Czyersko (1456), and later, Czyrnsk or Czyrnsko. These forms were later simplified into Czyrsko, which in late Middle Ages changed into Czersk. The name probably comes from the Czarna river, a tributary to the Vistula River.
History.
First Slavic gord was established on a local hill in the 11th century, in a location of a 7th-century settlement, near a Vistula river ford. In the 12th century, Czersk became the seat of a castellan, and in 1252, of a Roman Catholic archdeacon, subjected to the Bishop of Poznan, which turned the town into an important political center of Mazovia. In the same year, Czersk was named a capital of a Mazovian duchy. 
Officially, Czersk received town charter in 1350, but long before that time, it had an urban character, with a mid-13th century market square. In 1388, Duke of Mazovia Janusz I of Warsaw ordered conctruction of a Gothic castle with two towers and a tower gate. The castle was completed in 1410. Three years later, the capital of the duchy was moved to better located Warsaw, and Czersk began a slow decline. Furthermore, in the 14th century the Vistula river bed moved eastwards, and the town found itself located a few kilometers away from the strategic river. 
During the reign of King Czersk Zygmunt Stary, Czersk became one of favourite places of his wife, Queen Bona Sforza. She spent a lot of time here, and on her initiative, Czersk returned as one of main centers of the region. A brewery was opened, trade flourished, local produce was very popular across Mazovia. The town prospered until the Swedish invasion of Poland, when, after the Battle of Warka (1656), Czersk, together with the castle, was completely destroyed by the retreating Swedish units. The town never recoverred from the destruction; in 1762-1766 Crown Marshall Franciszek Bielinski tried to rebuild the castle, but his project was not completed due to Partitions of Poland. 
In 1815, Czersk became part of Russian-controlled Congress Poland, and in 1869, as a punishment for the January Uprising, Czersk was stripped of its town rights, becoming a village. Once one of the largest medieval towns of Poland, and second largest town of Mazovia (after Plock), Czersk now is a small village, with population less than 1,000. Czersk still has a medieval grid plan, with a large market square in the middle. 
Czersk Castle.
In the 11th century, during the reign of either Boleslaw Smialy or Wladyslaw Herman, a wooden gord existed in the location of the castle. The gord later became administrative center of the Duchy of Czersk, mentioned in 1224 in the documents of Castellan of Czersk, Piotr Pilch. In 1229, Duke Konrad Mazowiecki imprisoned here Duke Henryk Brodaty, who was kept in the castle’s dungeon. In 1239, Konrad imprisoned here another Duke, Boleslaw Wstydliwy. 
In 1350, the gord was partly destroyed in a Lithuanian raid, and in 1388, Duke of Mazovia Janusz I of Warsaw ordered conctruction of a Gothic castle with two towers and a tower gate. The castle became one of main residences of Janusz I; it was here that he died on December 8, 1429. 
In 1526, Mazovia was incorporated into the Crown of the Kingdom of Poland, and the Czersk Castle became a royal property. In 1547, it was administered by Queen Bona Sforza, who in 1549 built here a residence, called Wielki Dom. The castle was almost completely destroyed in 1656, during the Swedish invasion of Poland. In 1762–1766, the Starosta of Czersk and Crown Marshall tried to rebuild the complex, as he planned to place here archives and local court. His plans failed due to the Partitions of Poland, and the castle now is a permanent ruin. It is open to visitors, who admire the preserved walls and three towers. Inside the complex, there are foundations of St. Peter church.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898951" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898951" title="Dębówka, Gmina Góra Kalwaria">
Dębówka, Gmina Góra Kalwaria

Dębówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Góra Kalwaria, south-east of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898954" title="Dobiesz">
Dobiesz

Dobiesz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Góra Kalwaria, south-east of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898955" title="John Banovich">
John Banovich

John Banovich is an American artist born in Butte, Montana. He is among the world’s most renowned wildlife artists. His award-winning original paintings are owned and exhibited by noteworthy organizations and museums across the globe. His life and work have been featured in countless international publications, including "Africa Geographic", "Wildlife Art", "Big Sky Journal", "Western Art & Architecture", "The Artist's Magazine", "Cowboy and Indians", and many others, as well as in various television programs aired on the Outdoor Channel, Versus and PBS.
Through his art and the Banovich Wildscapes Foundation, he has supported conservation and humanitarian efforts in India, Russia, North America and Africa and has received several awards for his conservation work. At 46 years of age, Banovich continues to explore and evolve as an artist, pursuing a deep-seated desire to protect wild species around the world and, through his paintings, freeze them forever in time. When not in Africa following the tracks of lions or in the mountains of north America searching for the next wildlife encounter, he can be found painting in his studios in Livingston, Montana, and Carnation, Washington, where he lives with his wife, Amy.
At the University of Montana, Banovich studied art and zoology and holds a Visual Communications degree from The Art Institute of Seattle. The artist's works are owned and/or exhibited by corporate organizations such as Tudor Investments and The American Patriot Group as well as national museums including; The Wildlife Experience museum, Hiram Blauvelt, National Cowboy Hall of Fame, the National Museum of Wildlife Art and the Leigh Yawkey Woodson Art Museum.
Banovich founded the Wildscapes Foundation, supporting conservation and humanitarian causes. He is on the board of the The Craighead Environmental Research Institute.
Testimonials
“The painting (Once Upon a Time) just reminds me so much of the real thing. It’s the details that count: the wrinkles on the tusk and brow, the clouds of dust rising from the massive feet, the birds scampering to avoid the charge. That’s like the real thing that you would see in Africa.” Richard Childress, President/CEO of Richard Childress Racing
"I can assure you, your book, BEAST, will continue to bring me many hours of enjoyment. I began looking at the sensational pictures and found I could hardly put it down." H. Norman Schwarzkopf , General, U.S. Army, Retired
“John Banovich has raised the bar for excellence in wildlife art. His work is among the best in the world. When you read his story, it gives you a deeper respect for the man behind the art and enhances an already unparalleled visual experience.” Dick and Mary Cabela, Founders, Cabela’s World's Foremost Outfitter
Awards - Press 
Awards
When not in India following the tracks of tigers or in Africa searching for the next wildlife encounter, he can be found painting in his studios in Livingston, Montana, and Carnation, Washington, where he lives with his wife, Amy.

</doc>
<doc id="19898956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898956" title="Julianów, Gmina Góra Kalwaria">
Julianów, Gmina Góra Kalwaria

Julianów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898958" title="Karolina, Piaseczno County">
Karolina, Piaseczno County

Karolina is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Góra Kalwaria, south-east of Piaseczno, and south-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898959" title="Kąty, Piaseczno County">
Kąty, Piaseczno County

Kąty is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Góra Kalwaria, south-east of Piaseczno, and south-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898960" title="Królewski Las">
Królewski Las

Królewski Las is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Góra Kalwaria, south-east of Piaseczno, and south-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898961" title="Krzaki Czaplinkowskie">
Krzaki Czaplinkowskie

Krzaki Czaplinkowskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898962" title="Linin">
Linin

Linin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Góra Kalwaria, south-east of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898965" title="Łubna, Masovian Voivodeship">
Łubna, Masovian Voivodeship

Łubna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Góra Kalwaria, south-east of Piaseczno, and south-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898967" title="Ługówka">
Ługówka

Ługówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Góra Kalwaria, south-east of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 40.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898969" title="Mikówiec">
Mikówiec

Mikówiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Góra Kalwaria, south-east of Piaseczno, and south-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898970" title="Moczydłów">
Moczydłów

Moczydłów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Góra Kalwaria, south-east of Piaseczno, and south-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898971" title="Obręb">
Obręb

Obręb may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19898972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898972" title="Obręb, Piaseczno County">
Obręb, Piaseczno County

Obręb is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Góra Kalwaria, south-east of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898973" title="Ostrówik">
Ostrówik

Ostrówik is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898975" title="Pęcław, Masovian Voivodeship">
Pęcław, Masovian Voivodeship

Pęcław is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Góra Kalwaria, south-east of Piaseczno, and south-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898977" title="Podgóra, Piaseczno County">
Podgóra, Piaseczno County

Podgóra is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Góra Kalwaria, south-east of Piaseczno, and south-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898980" title="Podłęcze, Masovian Voivodeship">
Podłęcze, Masovian Voivodeship

Podłęcze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898982" title="Podosowa">
Podosowa

Podosowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Góra Kalwaria, south-east of Piaseczno, and south-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898985" title="Potycz">
Potycz

Potycz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Góra Kalwaria, south-east of Piaseczno, and south-east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 270.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898988" title="Sierzchów, Masovian Voivodeship">
Sierzchów, Masovian Voivodeship

Sierzchów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Góra Kalwaria, south-east of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898989" title="Sobików">
Sobików

Sobików is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Góra Kalwaria, south-east of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898992" title="Solec, Piaseczno County">
Solec, Piaseczno County

Solec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Góra Kalwaria, south-east of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
The village has an approximate population of 500.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898993" title="Szymanów, Piaseczno County">
Szymanów, Piaseczno County

Szymanów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Góra Kalwaria, east of Piaseczno, and south-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898996" title="Tomice, Masovian Voivodeship">
Tomice, Masovian Voivodeship

Tomice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Góra Kalwaria, south-east of Piaseczno, and south-east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 280.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898997" title="Wincentów, Piaseczno County">
Wincentów, Piaseczno County

Wincentów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Góra Kalwaria, south-east of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898998" title="Wojciechowice, Masovian Voivodeship">
Wojciechowice, Masovian Voivodeship

Wojciechowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19898999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19898999" title="Wólka Dworska">
Wólka Dworska

Wólka Dworska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Góra Kalwaria, east of Piaseczno, and south-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899003" title="Wólka Załęska, Piaseczno County">
Wólka Załęska, Piaseczno County

Wólka Załęska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899009" title="Borowina, Piaseczno County">
Borowina, Piaseczno County

Borowina (English: mud) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstancin-Jeziorna, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899010" title="Cieciszew">
Cieciszew

Cieciszew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstancin-Jeziorna, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Konstancin-Jeziorna, east of Piaseczno, and south-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899012" title="Ciszyca, Masovian Voivodeship">
Ciszyca, Masovian Voivodeship

Ciszyca is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstancin-Jeziorna, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Konstancin-Jeziorna, east of Piaseczno, and south-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899015" title="Czarnów, Piaseczno County">
Czarnów, Piaseczno County

Czarnów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstancin-Jeziorna, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Konstancin-Jeziorna, east of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899016" title="Czernidła">
Czernidła

Czernidła is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstancin-Jeziorna, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899017" title="Habdzin">
Habdzin

Habdzin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstancin-Jeziorna, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899018" title="Kawęczyn, Gmina Konstancin-Jeziorna">
Kawęczyn, Gmina Konstancin-Jeziorna

Kawęczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstancin-Jeziorna, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 400.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899020" title="Kawęczynek, Masovian Voivodeship">
Kawęczynek, Masovian Voivodeship

Kawęczynek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstancin-Jeziorna, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Konstancin-Jeziorna, east of Piaseczno, and south-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899021" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899021" title="Kępa Okrzewska">
Kępa Okrzewska

Kępa Okrzewska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstancin-Jeziorna, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Konstancin-Jeziorna, north-east of Piaseczno, and south-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899022" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899022" title="Kierszek">
Kierszek

Kierszek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstancin-Jeziorna, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Konstancin-Jeziorna, north-east of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899023" title="Łęg, Piaseczno County">
Łęg, Piaseczno County

Łęg is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstancin-Jeziorna, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Konstancin-Jeziorna, east of Piaseczno, and south-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899026" title="Obórki, Piaseczno County">
Obórki, Piaseczno County

Obórki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstancin-Jeziorna, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Konstancin-Jeziorna, north-east of Piaseczno, and south-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899027" title="Obory, Piaseczno County">
Obory, Piaseczno County

Obory is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstancin-Jeziorna, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Konstancin-Jeziorna, east of Piaseczno, and south-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899028" title="Okrzeszyn, Masovian Voivodeship">
Okrzeszyn, Masovian Voivodeship

Okrzeszyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstancin-Jeziorna, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Konstancin-Jeziorna, north-east of Piaseczno, and south-east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 120.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899029" title="Opacz">
Opacz

Opacz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstancin-Jeziorna, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Konstancin-Jeziorna, east of Piaseczno, and south-east of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 399.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899030" title="Parcela-Obory">
Parcela-Obory

Parcela-Obory is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstancin-Jeziorna, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899031" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899031" title="Piaski, Piaseczno County">
Piaski, Piaseczno County

Piaski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstancin-Jeziorna, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Konstancin-Jeziorna, east of Piaseczno, and south-east of Warsaw.

</doc>
<doc id="19899032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899032" title="Słomczyn, Piaseczno County">
Słomczyn, Piaseczno County

Słomczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstancin-Jeziorna, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Konstancin-Jeziorna, east of Piaseczno, and south-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899036" title="Turowice, Piaseczno County">
Turowice, Piaseczno County

Turowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstancin-Jeziorna, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Konstancin-Jeziorna, east of Piaseczno, and south-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899043" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899043" title="Ye Olde Curiosity Shop">
Ye Olde Curiosity Shop

Ye Olde Curiosity Shop is a store on the Central Waterfront of Seattle, Washington, United States, founded in 1899. It has moved several times, mainly within the waterfront area, and is now located on Pier 54. Best known today as a souvenir shop, it also has aspects of a dime museum, and was for many years an important supplier of Northwest Coast art to museums. As of 2008, the store has been owned by four generations of the same family.
In 1933, the "Seattle Star" named Ye Olde Curiosity Shop one of the "Seven Wonders of Seattle", the only shop on the list. The other six Wonders were the harbor, the Ballard Locks, the Boeing airplane factory, the Seattle Art Museum, the Pike Place Market and the University District's Edmond Meany Hotel (now Hotel Deca).
Owners.
The shop was founded in 1899 by J. E. "Daddy" Standley (born February 24, 1854, in Steubenville, Ohio). He had already traded somewhat in curios and Indian goods as a grocer in Denver, Colorado. When he moved to Seattle in 1899 because his wife's health required a lower altitude, he encountered a boom town supplying and benefitting from the Klondike Gold Rush. He founded the business in 1899. An exhibit at the 1909 Alaska-Yukon-Pacific Exposition (A-Y-P Exposition) in Seattle drew tourists, scholars, anthropologists and collectors and was enormous publicity for his already somewhat famous shop. It also won Standley a gold medal in the category of ethnological collections.
Standley's shop presented a jumbled mix of curiosities and significant art objects. He collected and sold what came his way, but also had local Native American artists make objects to his specifications. He sold genuine Tlingit totem poles, but also replicas by carvers descended from the Vancouver Island-based Nuu-chah-nulth tribe, who were living in Seattle, and even inexpensive souvenir totem poles made in Japan. A flair for the bizarre and grotesque led him to include items such as shrunken heads from the Amazon (some of them definitely genuine, others probably not).
In addition to the shop, Standley built a home he called "Totem Place" on a estate in West Seattle. The estate's collection of totem poles, whale bones, and other curiosities replete with a Japanese-style teahouse and a miniature log cabin drew sightseeing tourists in its own right.
In 1937 Standley, at the age of 83, was hit by a car on Alaskan Way, the road along the Seattle waterfront, and his leg was broken. He never fully recovered, although he remained active in the business to within 4 days of his death on October 25, 1940. Standley's son Edward joined the shop in 1907 and worked there until his death in 1945. Russell James first joined the business in 1912 and eventually married Standley's daughter. Except for his service in World War I, James worked there until 1952. Standley's grandson Joe James began working in the shop in 1946, and operated the business for over 50 years. Joe James's son Andy and daughter Debbie were also involved in running the business from at least the 1980s.
The shop's current owners, the aforementioned Andy James and his wife Tammy, also own Market Street Traders (founded 2007 closed 2010) in Seattle's Ballard neighborhood. Market Street Traders specializes in fair trade goods. Prior to that, for about 25 years, the Jameses operated a second waterfront store on Pier 55, known at various times as Waterfront Landmark and Ye Olde Curiosity Shop Too. Ye Olde Curiosity Shop Too closed around the same time Market Street Traders opened.
Name and location.
Ye Olde Curiosity Shop began in late 1899 as Standley's Free Museum and Curio on Second Avenue at Pike Street. It moved in November 1901 to 82 W. Madison, across from the old Rainier Grand Hotel on Front Street (now First Avenue). At that time the store was called The Curio; it soon became Standley's Curio. In June 1904 Standley moved his store to the waterfront, renamed it after Charles Dickens's novel "The Old Curiosity Shop", and adopted the motto "Beats the Dickens."
Ye Olde Curiosity Shop and Indian Curio—the latter portion of the name was dropped around 1907—settled in at 813 on Railroad Avenue on Colman Dock. It would reside on Colman Dock for over 50 years, occupying several different locations on the dock and leaving briefly during periods when the dock was being remodeled. From February 7, 1916, to January 1, 1917, the shop operated on Second Avenue near Virginia Street. From some time in January 1937 to June 1, 1937, operated from 814 First Avenue near Columbia Street.
In 1963, as the Washington State Ferries system was taking over and completely reworking Colman Dock, the shop moved to the next pier north, Pier 51 (now also part of the ferry terminal). The Pier 51 store was designed by Paul Thiry and modeled after a longhouse. In April 1988, the shop moved to its current location on Pier 54 next to Ivar's Acres of Clams. Over a million objects were moved.
Customers.
In recent times, the shop has about 1 million visitors a year.
The shop has had many notable customers over the years. Visitors have included Teddy Roosevelt, J. Edgar Hoover, Jack Dempsey, Charlie Chaplin, Red Skelton, John Wayne, Katharine Hepburn, James Van Der Beek, and Sylvester Stallone. Cartoonist Robert Ripley of "Ripley's Believe It or Not" bought totem poles and other crafts for his New York estate. The store's logs show that Queen Marie of Romania visited and "sat in the Chinese chair" and that Louis Tiffany bought "curios, idols and a mammoth tusk,"
Many museum collections include items purchased from the shop, mostly objects from the Arctic regions. The Royal Ontario Museum in Toronto has several such items, including a Haida stone totem pole and a mammoth tusk engraved with scenes of Eskimo life in an Arctic village. George Gustav Heye made many purchases from the shop for his Museum of the American Indian which later formed the core collection of the National Museum of the American Indian in Washington, D.C. The Newark Museum in New Jersey also features a collection from the shop, including Tlingit tools and woven baskets. The shop also supplied museums in Cleveland, Ohio, Portland, Oregon and at the University of Washington. Standley normally gave museums a 35% discount, and occasionally donated items outright. It was a point of pride for him that his shop supplied such institutions.
The Palmer College of Chiropractic in Davenport, Iowa was also a customer. In the early 20th century, Bartlett Joshua Palmer, the son of the school's founder, bought totem poles from the shop to use as part of an indoor amusement grotto. A national museum in Sweden bought one of the longest known pairs of prehistoric mastodon tusks, more than in length.
As late as the period from 1976 though 1980, the shop auctioned off 2,000 pieces of Native American art.
Goods and exhibits.
At least one of the shop's historic suppliers was of comparable fame to any of its visitors: Princess Angeline, daughter of Chief Seattle (after whom the city is named) made baskets which were later sold there.
In its early years, much of the shop's stock came from Alaska. Standley acquired both recent and older Alaskan works of art and craft, as well as natural history specimens, from whalers, traders, revenue cutter captains, Alaska Natives (always referred to at the time as "Eskimos") visiting Seattle, and Alaska shopkeepers functioning as middlemen. Some of those who brought him items, especially in the early years, are likely to have stolen those from their rightful owners in Alaska or to have dug them out of archaeological deposits. Native Alaskan Yup'iks and Inupiats, who had long been traders, were happy to find a market for items they considered "good for nothing" worn-out cast-off tools and implements.
From quite early times, Standley established what Kate Duncan calls the "scrim… large and disparate natural history specimens and curios dangling from the ceiling and standing about" that dominates the shop visually and "transform[s even the known into the curious".
Items for sale in recent times range from dime-store trinkets to a $10,000 totem pole. As of 2007, these included a $1.50 tailpipe whistle, bullwhips, jumping beans, matreshka dolls from Russia, first-rate vegetable ivory carvings, goatskin imitation shrunken heads from Ecuador, and the usual run of Seattle souvenirs. In the 1920s, the shop had at least six separate suppliers in Texas making sewing baskets from the shell of an armadillo, which would be lined with satin, and the tail fastened to the neck area to form a handle.
Nowadays, the most culturally significant items still in the store's collection are not for sale, though they are out to be viewed. Items on display but not for sale include an early 19th-century Russian samovar, dozens of totem poles, East Asian weapons, woven cedar mats and fir needle baskets, netsuke, jade carvings, narwhal tusks, and a walrus oosik. Also on display are two mummified human bodies, "Sylvester" and "Sylvia". "Sylvester" (acquired in 1955) functions as an informal symbol of the shop. For years, the general belief has been that he was the victim of a late 19th-century shooting in the Arizona desert, and that the extreme dryness of the desert naturally mummified the body. However, CT scans in 2001, 2005 and an MRI in 2005 suggest an embalmer injected an arsenic-based fluid shortly after death. The body is one of the best-preserved mummies known. Newly published information and a photograph from 1892 indicate that "Sylvester," originally named "McGinty," belonged to confidence man "Soapy" Smith until he sold it 1895 in Hillyard, Washington. 
While Sylvester is almost certainly what the shop claims him to be, other artifacts are of far more dubious origins. The shop makes no claim of comparable pedigree for its taxidermically stuffed mermaid.
One of the store's several coin-operated attractions is Black Bart, a rather literal take on the phrase "one-armed bandit". It is a slot machine in the form of a one-armed wood and cast-iron model of a Wild West bandit. In the mid-1980s, the state gambling commission had the Seattle police confiscate it as an illegal gambling device, even though the shop had converted it to dispense plastic tokens with images of the Space Needle, Kingdome and other local attractions. A month later, the commission conceded that Black Bart did not meet the criteria for a gambling device, and Black Bart was back in the store with a sign saying "On parole. Out on good behavior."
Influence.
Standley and Ye Olde Curiosity Shop had an enormous influence on the broader world's perception of the native cultures of the Pacific Northwest, especially of their art. Through him and through the shop, Franz Boas's "The Social Organization and the Secret Societies of the Kwakiutl Indians" had an influence far beyond any Boas imagined or intended. Standley showed the book to local non-Kwakiutl carvers who created replicas and hybridizations of these pieces for the shop. He lent it to planners for the A-Y-P Exposition (1909) and the first Seattle Potlatch Days festival (1911). The latter used it to provide models for floats and costumes. Standley and his shop were instrumental in the world's perceiving Seattle as within the region associated strongly with totem poles, even though traditionally those had been associated with areas farther north. The cultural effect of the hybrid or imitative art fostered by Standley and the shop can be clearly seen as early as 1909, when anthropologist Alfred Cort Haddon, in Seattle to lecture at the A-Y-P Exposition purchased 109 items from the shop for the Horniman Free Museum. Among the items purchased were a carved club in the shape of a seal made as a tourist item, and at least two masks that had been copied by local carvers from Boas's illustrations.
In the early 20th century, Ye Olde Curiosity Shop was, as Kate Duncan's wrote in 2001, "the most varied and visible Indian collection in the city" and "became a stop for visiting Indians and Eskimos, as it remains today." The shop's guest book showed visits from prominent Indians including chiefs of the Cheyenne and Lakota. Most notable in Standley's view, Chief Joseph of the Nez Perce visited in 1902, two years before his death.
Consequently, Standley and his shop had an enormous influence on what was perceived as "authentic" to these cultures. While he always accurately presented (for example) ivory cribbage boards as tourist goods, he was probably himself not aware of the extent to which ivory miniatures and carved tusks from Alaska or Athapaskan beadwork were also hybrid goods produced for the tourist trade that had begun with the gold rush. Similarly, his exhibits in his store and elsewhere did not distinguish between pre-contact and post-contact artifacts.
Closer to home, Ye Olde Curiosity Shop also influenced local Seattle retailing of Indian artifacts. At the time Ye Olde Curiosity Shop was founded, the few existing Seattle shops selling Indian artifacts were focused mainly on baskets; such shops were mostly short-lived, although Emma M. Rhodes and her partner Fred B. Kendall operated at least from 1901 to 1914, offering a somewhat broader inventory. While Ye Olde Curiosity Shop was the unquestionable local leader in its field well beyond Standley's lifetime, its success brought some serious local rivals into the business. The Hudson Bay Fur Company (later Alaska Fur Company, no relation to the Hudson's Bay Company), founded in the 1880s, established a curio department in the 1900s with a stock similar to Standley's, though not as extensive. That department lasted into the 1940s; the business closed in the 1950s. Mack's Totem Shop was a smaller shop, very near Ye Olde Curiosity Shop along the raised pedestrian walkway that runs along Marion Street from Colman Dock to First Avenue. It operated from 1933 at least into the 1950s. All of these shops commissioned items from many of the same Nuu-chah-nulth carvers living in Seattle, as did several other less notable shops.
The shop was also influential, or at least ahead of its time, in welcoming people from all walks of life, including those for whom such a store was only ever likely to function as a museum, not as a retail outlet.
Further J. E. Standley influence in Seattle.
Standley was a constant booster of Seattle, to the point of being described toward the end of his life as a "one-man-chamber-of-commerce". Not all of his influence in Seattle was through the shop itself. From 1904, he provided exhibits for the informal museum of the city's Alaska Club (merged in 1908 into the Arctic Club). He provided an ethnological exhibit for the 1909 A-Y-P Exposition's Alaska Building, as well as lending natural history specimens for the Washington State Building. His Alaskan ethnological exhibit won the exposition's gold medal in its category, and its contents were eventually purchased by George Gustav Heye for the Museum of the American Indian in New York. 
Also at the time of the A-Y-P Exposition, he helped promote the then-private Ravenna Park not far north of the exposition grounds. At the time, the park still contained a considerable number of old growth trees, as well as various tourist amenities. Standley provided a set of six totem poles and a war canoe for the private park and played a role in the sale of the park to the city in 1911.

</doc>
<doc id="19899047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899047" title="Garbatka, Masovian Voivodeship">
Garbatka, Masovian Voivodeship

Garbatka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lesznowola, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899050" title="Jabłonowo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Jabłonowo, Masovian Voivodeship

Jabłonowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lesznowola, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Lesznowola, west of Piaseczno, and south-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899051" title="Janczewice">
Janczewice

Janczewice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lesznowola, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Lesznowola, north-west of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899052" title="Jazgarzewszczyzna">
Jazgarzewszczyzna

Jazgarzewszczyzna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lesznowola, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899053" title="Kolonia Lesznowola">
Kolonia Lesznowola

Kolonia Lesznowola is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lesznowola, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Lesznowola, north-west of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899054" title="Matthew Gibb">
Matthew Gibb

Matthew Phillip Gibb (commonly referred to as Matt Gibb) (born 15 January 1981), is a television presenter in Auckland, New Zealand. 
Gibb was born in Christchurch. His first television appearance was as the host of Squirt. As of 2004, he was a co-host on the popular children's show "Studio 2" until the series ended in October 2010. He then worked as an on-screen producer for "U live" on TVNZ U. Gibb also works as the fill-in host and more commonly a contributor on the breakfast show "Good Morning". Gibb is currently fronting the Telecom campaign "Tech in a Sec" and sometimes hosts the weekly "Lotto "draw.
He is currently engaged to One News reporter Ruth Wynn-Williams and announced his engagement on his Twitter account while holidaying in Fiji on 9 November 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19899055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899055" title="Kolonia Mrokowska">
Kolonia Mrokowska

Kolonia Mrokowska is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lesznowola, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899057" title="Kosów, Piaseczno County">
Kosów, Piaseczno County

Kosów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lesznowola, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 250.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899058" title="Łazy, Piaseczno County">
Łazy, Piaseczno County

Łazy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lesznowola, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Lesznowola, west of Piaseczno, and south-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 1,300.
It is pretty close to the Raszyn radio transmitter.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899059" title="Łazy Drugie">
Łazy Drugie

Łazy Drugie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lesznowola, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899061" title="Leszczynka, Masovian Voivodeship">
Leszczynka, Masovian Voivodeship

Leszczynka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lesznowola, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899065" title="Lesznowola, Piaseczno County">
Lesznowola, Piaseczno County

Lesznowola is a village in Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Lesznowola. It lies approximately north-west of Piaseczno and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 400.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899066" title="1977 Australian Touring Car Championship">
1977 Australian Touring Car Championship

The 1977 Australian Touring Car Championship was a CAMS sanctioned Australian motor racing championship open to Group C Touring Cars. It was the 18th running of the Australian Touring Car Championship. The championship began at Symmons Plains Raceway on 7 March and ended at the Phillip Island Grand Prix Circuit on 20 November after eleven rounds. 1977 was the second and final time that the series incorporated the longer distance races which made up the Australian Championship of Makes. These races included the Sandown 400 and the Phillip Island 500K, although notably not the Bathurst 1000.
Reigning champion Allan Moffat (Ford Falcon) dominated the 1977 season. In addition to his victory in the non-championship Hardie-Ferodo 1000 at Bathurst, Moffat won his third Australian Touring Car Championship, leading home new Moffat Ford Dealers team mate Colin Bond for a series 1-2 result. Moffat won the first five rounds of the championship, won a total of seven out of the eleven rounds and won the title by 32 points. Bond recorded a win at Adelaide International Raceway but was put under pressure near the end of the season from Peter Brock after consecutive wins by the Holden Torana driver at Lakeside International Raceway and Sandown Raceway in the Hang Ten 400. In the end Bond finished nine points clear of Brock. The only other round win was claimed by Allan Grice (Holden Torana) at the final round at the Phillip Island Grand Prix Circuit. 
In previous years the class pointscore system saw a consistent performer threaten the top of the points table. In 1977 though the best performer from the smaller cars was Ford Capri racer Lawrie Nelson who finished fourth in the points, 19 behind Brock. Holden Torana racer Bob Morris took points away from the small car class drivers by racing his Triumph Dolomite early in the series, as well as racing Lakis Manticas' Ford Capri on occasion, effectively spoiling the chances of other drivers in the under three litre class.
Drivers.
Drivers that competed in the 1977 Australian Touring Car Championship included the following:
Calendar.
The 1977 Australian Touring Car Championship was contested over an eleven rounds.
Classes.
For points-scoring purposes, cars competing in the Australian Touring Car Championship were classified into one of two classes defined by engine capacity.
Points system.
Australian Touring Car Championship points were awarded to drivers as follows:
Only the best six scores from the first seven rounds and the best two scores from the last four rounds counted towards the championship totals. 
Points were awarded only where a car completed 75% of race distance and was running at the completion of the final lap.
Results.
Results of the 1977 Australian Touring Car Championship were as follows:
Note: South African driver Basil van Rooyen placed fourth at Round 8 (the Hang Ten 400 at Sandown) but was not eligible to score points.
Australian Championship of Makes.
The 1977 Australian Championship of Makes was awarded on the results of the final four rounds of the 1977 Australian Touring Car Championship. It was the seventh circuit racing championship for manufacturers to be awarded by CAMS and the second to carry the Australian Championship of Makes name.
Classes.
For pointscoring purposes, cars competed in four classes defined by engine capacity 
Points.
Points were awarded for the six best placed cars in class in each of the four rounds on a 9-6-4-3-2-1 basis with only the highest scoring car of each make attracting points.

</doc>
<doc id="19899067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899067" title="Łoziska">
Łoziska

Łoziska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lesznowola, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899070" title="Magdalenka, Masovian Voivodeship">
Magdalenka, Masovian Voivodeship

Magdalenka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lesznowola, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Lesznowola, north-west of Piaseczno, and south-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 400.
It was also the site of a bloodly conflict between Polish Special Forces, BOA, and two heavily armed mafia combatants in 2003. It resulted in two police officers being killed and eighteen wounded. The mafia combatants used homemade mines and explosives, while they also had at least twenty eight weapons - from handguns to rifles. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899071" title="Marysin, Piaseczno County">
Marysin, Piaseczno County

Marysin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lesznowola, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Lesznowola, west of Piaseczno, and south-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899072" title="Mroków, Piaseczno County">
Mroków, Piaseczno County

Mroków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lesznowola, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Lesznowola, west of Piaseczno, and south-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 2,647.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899074" title="Mysiadło">
Mysiadło

Mysiadło is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lesznowola, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Lesznowola, north of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 3,000.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899075" title="National Register of Historic Places listings in Solano County, California">
National Register of Historic Places listings in Solano County, California

This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Solano County, California, United States. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view a Google map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.
__NOTOC__

</doc>
<doc id="19899077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899077" title="Nowa Iwiczna">
Nowa Iwiczna

Nowa Iwiczna (pronounced ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lesznowola, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Lesznowola, north-west of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 710.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899079" title="Nowa Wola, Piaseczno County">
Nowa Wola, Piaseczno County

Nowa Wola is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lesznowola, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Lesznowola, north-west of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899080" title="Podolszyn">
Podolszyn

Podolszyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lesznowola, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Lesznowola, north-west of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899081" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899081" title="Stachowo">
Stachowo

Stachowo may refer to the following places in Poland:

</doc>
<doc id="19899082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899082" title="Stachowo, Piaseczno County">
Stachowo, Piaseczno County

Stachowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lesznowola, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Lesznowola, west of Piaseczno, and south-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 93.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899083" title="Stara Iwiczna">
Stara Iwiczna

Stara Iwiczna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lesznowola, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Lesznowola, north-west of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.

</doc>
<doc id="19899084" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899084" title="Stefanowo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Stefanowo, Masovian Voivodeship

Stefanowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lesznowola, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Lesznowola, west of Piaseczno, and south-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899085" title="Warszawianka, Masovian Voivodeship">
Warszawianka, Masovian Voivodeship

Warszawianka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lesznowola, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899089" title="Wilcza Góra, Masovian Voivodeship">
Wilcza Góra, Masovian Voivodeship

Wilcza Góra is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lesznowola, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899091" title="Władysławów, Piaseczno County">
Władysławów, Piaseczno County

Władysławów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lesznowola, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Lesznowola, west of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899092" title="Wola Mrokowska">
Wola Mrokowska

Wola Mrokowska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lesznowola, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Lesznowola, west of Piaseczno, and south-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899094" title="Wólka Kosowska">
Wólka Kosowska

Wólka Kosowska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lesznowola, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Lesznowola, west of Piaseczno, and south-west of Warsaw.
Wólka Kosowska is one of Poland's Chinatowns.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899096" title="Zamienie, Piaseczno County">
Zamienie, Piaseczno County

Zamienie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lesznowola, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899097" title="Zgorzała">
Zgorzała

Zgorzała is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lesznowola, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Lesznowola, north-west of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899107" title="Biały Ług, Piaseczno County">
Biały Ług, Piaseczno County

Biały Ług is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prażmów, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Policzna, 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Zwoleń, and 100 km (62 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899109" title="Błonie, Piaseczno County">
Błonie, Piaseczno County

Błonie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prażmów, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Prażmów, south of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 50.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899111" title="Bronisławów, Piaseczno County">
Bronisławów, Piaseczno County

Bronisławów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prażmów, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Prażmów, south-east of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899113" title="Chosna">
Chosna

Chosna is a village with about 372 people, in the administrative district of Gmina Prażmów, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Prażmów, south of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899114" title="Dobrzenica">
Dobrzenica

Dobrzenica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prażmów, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Prażmów, south of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899116" title="Gabryelin">
Gabryelin

Gabryelin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prażmów, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Prażmów, south of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 820.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899118" title="Jaroszowa Wola">
Jaroszowa Wola

Jaroszowa Wola is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prażmów, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Prażmów, south of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899121" title="Jeziórko, Masovian Voivodeship">
Jeziórko, Masovian Voivodeship

Jeziórko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prażmów, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Prażmów, south of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 350.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899122" title="Kamionka, Gmina Prażmów">
Kamionka, Gmina Prażmów

Kamionka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prażmów, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 60.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899125" title="Kędzierówka">
Kędzierówka

Kędzierówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prażmów, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899126" title="Kolonia Gościeńczyce">
Kolonia Gościeńczyce

Kolonia Gościeńczyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prażmów, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899129" title="Koryta, Masovian Voivodeship">
Koryta, Masovian Voivodeship

Koryta is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prażmów, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899130" title="Krępa, Piaseczno County">
Krępa, Piaseczno County

Krępa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prażmów, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Prażmów, south-east of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899131" title="The Very Thought of You (Emilie-Claire Barlow album)">
The Very Thought of You (Emilie-Claire Barlow album)

The Very Thought of You is an album by the Canadian jazz singer and voice actress Emilie-Claire Barlow. It was released in 2007, and was nominated for the "Vocal Jazz Album of the Year" at the Juno Awards of 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19899132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899132" title="Krupia Wólka">
Krupia Wólka

Krupia Wólka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prażmów, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Prażmów, south of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 240.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899133" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899133" title="Ławki, Masovian Voivodeship">
Ławki, Masovian Voivodeship

Ławki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prażmów, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Prażmów, south of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899135" title="Łoś, Masovian Voivodeship">
Łoś, Masovian Voivodeship

Łoś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prażmów, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Prażmów, south-west of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 370.
References.
<br>
Kampinoski Park Narodowy

</doc>
<doc id="19899136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899136" title="Ludwików, Piaseczno County">
Ludwików, Piaseczno County

Ludwików is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prażmów, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Prażmów, south of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899137" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899137" title="Nowe Wągrodno">
Nowe Wągrodno

Nowe Wągrodno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prażmów, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899139" title="Nowy Prażmów">
Nowy Prażmów

Nowy Prażmów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prażmów, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899140" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899140" title="Piskórka">
Piskórka

Piskórka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prażmów, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Prażmów, south of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899141" title="Prażmów, Masovian Voivodeship">
Prażmów, Masovian Voivodeship

Prażmów is a village in Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Prażmów. It lies approximately south of Piaseczno and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 403.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899144" title="Ustanów">
Ustanów

Ustanów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prażmów, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Prażmów, south-east of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 2,100.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899148" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899148" title="Uwieliny">
Uwieliny

Uwieliny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prażmów, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Prażmów, south of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899149" title="Wągrodno, Piaseczno County">
Wągrodno, Piaseczno County

Wągrodno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prażmów, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Prażmów, south of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 150.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899151" title="Wilcza Wólka, Masovian Voivodeship">
Wilcza Wólka, Masovian Voivodeship

Wilcza Wólka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prażmów, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Piaseczno and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899152" title="Wola Prażmowska">
Wola Prażmowska

Wola Prażmowska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prażmów, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Prażmów, south of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw. The village has a population of 320.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899153" title="Wola Wągrodzka">
Wola Wągrodzka

Wola Wągrodzka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prażmów, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Prażmów, south of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899154" title="Zadębie, Piaseczno County">
Zadębie, Piaseczno County

Zadębie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prażmów, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 110.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899155" title="Zawodne">
Zawodne

Zawodne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prażmów, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Prażmów, south of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899164" title="Borowiec, Piaseczno County">
Borowiec, Piaseczno County

Borowiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899165" title="Brominy">
Brominy

Brominy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899167" title="Bystrzanów">
Bystrzanów

Bystrzanów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899168" title="Cieśle, Piaseczno County">
Cieśle, Piaseczno County

Cieśle is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899169" title="Drozdy">
Drozdy

Dorzdy may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19899170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899170" title="Drozdy, Masovian Voivodeship">
Drozdy, Masovian Voivodeship

Drozdy is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899172" title="Gąski, Piaseczno County">
Gąski, Piaseczno County

Gąski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899174" title="Gładków">
Gładków

Gładków is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899175" title="Grzędy, Masovian Voivodeship">
Grzędy, Masovian Voivodeship

Grzędy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899176" title="Grzywiczówka">
Grzywiczówka

Grzywiczówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899177" title="Janówek, Piaseczno County">
Janówek, Piaseczno County

Janówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899179" title="Jeżewice, Masovian Voivodeship">
Jeżewice, Masovian Voivodeship

Jeżewice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899180" title="List of Indian Navy bases in Mumbai">
List of Indian Navy bases in Mumbai

The following are the list of Indian naval bases in Mumbai. 

</doc>
<doc id="19899182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899182" title="Grevillea argyrophylla">
Grevillea argyrophylla

Grevillea argyrophylla (Silvery-leaved Grevillea) is a shrub in the family Proteaceae. It is endemic to south-western Western Australia. 
It usually grows to between 1 and 6 metres in height and has a peak flowering period between July and October (mid winter to mid spring) in its native range.
The flowers are white, occasionally tinged with pink. The obovate leaves are usually 15 to 60 mm long and 2.5 to 8 mm wide.
The species was first formally described by Carl Meissner in "Hooker's Journal of Botany and Kew Garden Miscellany" in 1855, from material collected by James Drummond.

</doc>
<doc id="19899183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899183" title="Jeziorzany, Masovian Voivodeship">
Jeziorzany, Masovian Voivodeship

Jeziorzany is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 950.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899185" title="Józefowice, Masovian Voivodeship">
Józefowice, Masovian Voivodeship

Józefowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899186" title="Julianów, Gmina Tarczyn">
Julianów, Gmina Tarczyn

Julianów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899187" title="Kawęczyn, Gmina Tarczyn">
Kawęczyn, Gmina Tarczyn

Kawęczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899188" title="Kolonia Jeziorzany">
Kolonia Jeziorzany

Kolonia Jeziorzany is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899189" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899189" title="Kolonia Świętochów">
Kolonia Świętochów

Kolonia Świętochów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899190" title="Komorniki, Masovian Voivodeship">
Komorniki, Masovian Voivodeship

Komorniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899191" title="Komorniki Kolonia">
Komorniki Kolonia

Komorniki Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899193" title="Kopana, Piaseczno County">
Kopana, Piaseczno County

Kopana is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899195" title="Korzeniówka, Masovian Voivodeship">
Korzeniówka, Masovian Voivodeship

Korzeniówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899196" title="Kotorydz">
Kotorydz

Kotorydz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899197" title="Księżak">
Księżak

Księżak is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899198" title="Księżowola">
Księżowola

Księżowola is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
The settlement has a population of 140.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899202" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899202" title="Leśna Polana, Masovian Voivodeship">
Leśna Polana, Masovian Voivodeship

Leśna Polana is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 500.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899203" title="Leśniczówka Mirchów">
Leśniczówka Mirchów

Leśniczówka Mirchów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899205" title="Many, Masovian Voivodeship">
Many, Masovian Voivodeship

Many is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899207" title="Marianka, Piaseczno County">
Marianka, Piaseczno County

Marianka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899208" title="Marylka">
Marylka

Marylka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899210" title="Nosy">
Nosy

Nosy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899212" title="Nowa Wieś, Piaseczno County">
Nowa Wieś, Piaseczno County

Nowa Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899213" title="Nowe Racibory, Masovian Voivodeship">
Nowe Racibory, Masovian Voivodeship

Nowe Racibory is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899215" title="Pamiątka, Masovian Voivodeship">
Pamiątka, Masovian Voivodeship

Pamiątka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899216" title="Parcele Jeżewice">
Parcele Jeżewice

Parcele Jeżewice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899217" title="Pawłowice, Piaseczno County">
Pawłowice, Piaseczno County

Pawłowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899218" title="Pawłowice Kopana">
Pawłowice Kopana

Pawłowice Kopana is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899220" title="Popielarze">
Popielarze

Popielarze may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19899222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899222" title="Popielarze, Piaseczno County">
Popielarze, Piaseczno County

Popielarze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899223" title="Prace Duże">
Prace Duże

Prace Duże is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899225" title="Prace Duże-Kolonia">
Prace Duże-Kolonia

Prace Duże-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899226" title="Prace Małe">
Prace Małe

Prace Małe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899227" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899227" title="Przypki">
Przypki

Przypki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899228" title="Racibory, Masovian Voivodeship">
Racibory, Masovian Voivodeship

Racibory is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899229" title="Activity system">
Activity system

Activity system can refer to different systems:
In medicine or anatomy:
As "shorthand" for:

</doc>
<doc id="19899230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899230" title="Rembertów, Masovian Voivodeship">
Rembertów, Masovian Voivodeship

Rembertów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899232" title="Ruda, Piaseczno County">
Ruda, Piaseczno County

Ruda is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899234" title="Skrzeczeniec">
Skrzeczeniec

Skrzeczeniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899235" title="Stara Kopana">
Stara Kopana

Stara Kopana is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899236" title="Stara Wieś, Piaseczno County">
Stara Wieś, Piaseczno County

Stara Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899237" title="Stefanówka, Masovian Voivodeship">
Stefanówka, Masovian Voivodeship

Stefanówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899238" title="Suchodół">
Suchodół

Suchodół may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19899239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899239" title="Suchodół, Piaseczno County">
Suchodół, Piaseczno County

Suchodół is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899240" title="Suchostruga">
Suchostruga

Suchostruga is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899241" title="Świętochów">
Świętochów

Świętochów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899243" title="Tarnówka, Masovian Voivodeship">
Tarnówka, Masovian Voivodeship

Tarnówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899244" title="Werdun">
Werdun

Werdun is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899246" title="Wola Przypkowska-Kolonia">
Wola Przypkowska-Kolonia

Wola Przypkowska-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899248" title="Wólka Jeżewska">
Wólka Jeżewska

Wólka Jeżewska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899250" title="Wylezin, Masovian Voivodeship">
Wylezin, Masovian Voivodeship

Wylezin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Tarczyn, south-west of Piaseczno, and south of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 100.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899257" title="Promised Land (Dar Williams album)">
Promised Land (Dar Williams album)

Promised Land is a Dar Williams album released September 9, 2008 on Razor & Tie, the label that has released almost all of her albums. It was her first studio album in three years.
Track listing.
All songs are written by Dar Williams if not noted otherwise.
The song "Buzzer" was inspired by the Milgram experiment; "Midnight Radio" is a cover of a song from "Hedwig and the Angry Inch", written by a friend of hers from college. "Troubled Times" is a cover of a Fountains of Wayne song from that band's 1999 album "Utopia Parkway".
Reception.
"Slant Magazine" called "Promised Land" "perhaps her strongest start-to-finish album since 1996's "Mortal City". A review from "The Washington Post" said the album "lacks any musical growth" though a "newcomer to her music might appreciate the tunes."
The album entered the Billboard 200 album chart at #95, making it the highest charting album of her career.

</doc>
<doc id="19899258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899258" title="Bielsk, Masovian Voivodeship">
Bielsk, Masovian Voivodeship

Bielsk is a village in Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Bielsk. It lies approximately north-east of Płock and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 2,600.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899259" title="Simon Combes">
Simon Combes

Simon Combes (1940 – 12 December 2004) was an artist born in Shaftesbury, England. Residing most of his life in Kenya, Combes was well known for his paintings of African wildlife and dedication to conservation.
In February 2005, the Artists For Conservation organization created a conservation award in the artist's honor.

</doc>
<doc id="19899261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899261" title="Bolechowice, Masovian Voivodeship">
Bolechowice, Masovian Voivodeship

Bolechowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899263" title="Cekanowo, Gmina Bielsk">
Cekanowo, Gmina Bielsk

Cekanowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899264" title="Ciachcin">
Ciachcin

Ciachcin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Bielsk, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 170.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899265" title="Ciachcin Nowy">
Ciachcin Nowy

Ciachcin Nowy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Bielsk, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 280.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899266" title="Dębsk, Płock County">
Dębsk, Płock County

Dębsk is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Bielsk, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899267" title="Drwały">
Drwały

Drwały may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19899268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899268" title="Drwały, Gmina Bielsk">
Drwały, Gmina Bielsk

Drwały is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Bielsk, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 75.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899269" title="Dziedzice">
Dziedzice

Dziedzice may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19899270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899270" title="Dziedzice, Masovian Voivodeship">
Dziedzice, Masovian Voivodeship

Dziedzice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899272" title="Gilino">
Gilino

Gilino is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Bielsk, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 360.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899275" title="Giżyno, Masovian Voivodeship">
Giżyno, Masovian Voivodeship

Giżyno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Bielsk, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899276" title="Goślice">
Goślice

Goślice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Bielsk, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899278" title="Jączewo">
Jączewo

Jączewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899279" title="Jaroszewo Biskupie">
Jaroszewo Biskupie

Jaroszewo Biskupie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Bielsk, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899280" title="Jaroszewo-Wieś">
Jaroszewo-Wieś

Jaroszewo-Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899281" title="Józinek">
Józinek

Józinek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Bielsk, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 180.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899282" title="Kędzierzyn">
Kędzierzyn

Kędzierzyn may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19899283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899283" title="Kędzierzyn, Masovian Voivodeship">
Kędzierzyn, Masovian Voivodeship

Kędzierzyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899284" title="Kleniewo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Kleniewo, Masovian Voivodeship

Kleniewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899286" title="Kłobie">
Kłobie

Kłobie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899288" title="Konary, Płock County">
Konary, Płock County

Konary is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899290" title="Kuchary-Jeżewo">
Kuchary-Jeżewo

Kuchary-Jeżewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899291" title="Leszczyn Księży">
Leszczyn Księży

Leszczyn Księży is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899292" title="Leszczyn Szlachecki">
Leszczyn Szlachecki

Leszczyn Szlachecki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899293" title="Lubiejewo">
Lubiejewo

Lubiejewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899294" title="Machcinko">
Machcinko

Machcinko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899295" title="Machcino">
Machcino

Machcino is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Bielsk, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899298" title="Niszczyce">
Niszczyce

Niszczyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Bielsk, north of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899299" title="Cahiracon">
Cahiracon

Cahiracon (), sometimes written as "Caheracon", is a small coastal village and townland in County Clare, Ireland. The village is just off the R473 road and is directly across the Shannon Estuary from Foynes in County Limerick. It is home to Saint John Bosco Community College, founded in 2002 as the result of an amalgamation of two older institutions. Cahiracon is within the civil parish of Killadysert and barony of Clonderalaw.

</doc>
<doc id="19899300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899300" title="Niszczyce-Pieńki">
Niszczyce-Pieńki

Niszczyce-Pieńki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Bielsk, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 60.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899301" title="Pęszyno">
Pęszyno

Pęszyno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899302" title="Rudowo, Płock County">
Rudowo, Płock County

Rudowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899303" title="Sękowo">
Sękowo

Sękowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19899304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899304" title="Sękowo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Sękowo, Masovian Voivodeship

Sękowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Bielsk, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899305" title="Śmiłowo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Śmiłowo, Masovian Voivodeship

Śmiłowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899306" title="Smolino, Poland">
Smolino, Poland

Smolino is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Bielsk, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899307" title="Strusino">
Strusino

Strusino is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899308" title="Szewce, Masovian Voivodeship">
Szewce, Masovian Voivodeship

Szewce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Bielsk, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899310" title="Tchórz">
Tchórz

Tchórz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Bielsk, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899311" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899311" title="Tłubice">
Tłubice

Tłubice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Bielsk, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899312" title="Ułtowo">
Ułtowo

Ułtowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Bielsk, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899315" title="Umienino">
Umienino

Umienino is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Bielsk, north of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899317" title="Zągoty">
Zągoty

Zągoty is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Bielsk, north of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899318" title="Zagroba">
Zagroba

Zagroba is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Bielsk, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899319" title="Zakrzewo, Płock County">
Zakrzewo, Płock County

Zakrzewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Bielsk, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 120.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899322" title="Żukowo, Płock County">
Żukowo, Płock County

Żukowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899327" title="Jim Morgan">
Jim Morgan

Jim Morgan (died 19 October 2005 in Gold Coast, Queensland) was an Australian rugby league footballer of the 1960s and 70s. He played at prop forward in the New South Wales Rugby Football League premiership for the South Sydney Rabbitohs and later the Eastern Suburbs Roosters, and also represented Australia.
Hailing from Maitland, Morgan first came to prominence in 1964 when playing for a representative Newcastle side that defeated premiers St. George on their way to winning that year's State Cup. The following year he was signed with South Sydney to play in the Sydney Premiership. In his first season with the Rabbitohs, he played in their Grand Final loss to St. George.

</doc>
<doc id="19899329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899329" title="Archutówko">
Archutówko

Archutówko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899330" title="Archutowo">
Archutowo

Archutowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899331" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899331" title="Białobrzegi, Płock County">
Białobrzegi, Płock County

Białobrzegi is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899334" title="Bodzanów, Masovian Voivodeship">
Bodzanów, Masovian Voivodeship

Bodzanów is a village in Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Bodzanów. It lies approximately east of Płock and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 1,300.

</doc>
<doc id="19899335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899335" title="Borowice, Masovian Voivodeship">
Borowice, Masovian Voivodeship

Borowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899336" title="Chodkowo">
Chodkowo

Chodkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Płock and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899337" title="Chodkowo-Działki">
Chodkowo-Działki

Chodkowo-Działki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899338" title="Cieśle, Gmina Bodzanów">
Cieśle, Gmina Bodzanów

Cieśle is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Płock and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899340" title="Cybulin, Masovian Voivodeship">
Cybulin, Masovian Voivodeship

Cybulin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Płock and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899341" title="Felicjanów, Płock County">
Felicjanów, Płock County

Felicjanów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="19899342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899342" title="Garwacz">
Garwacz

Garwacz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Bodzanów, east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.

</doc>
<doc id="19899343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899343" title="Gąsewo">
Gąsewo

Gąsewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Bodzanów, east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899344" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899344" title="Gromice">
Gromice

Gromice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Bodzanów, east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899346" title="Kanigowo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Kanigowo, Masovian Voivodeship

Kanigowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Bodzanów, east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899347" title="Karwowo Duchowne">
Karwowo Duchowne

Karwowo Duchowne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899348" title="Kępa Polska">
Kępa Polska

Kępa Polska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Bodzanów, south-east of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899349" title="Kłaczkowo">
Kłaczkowo

Kłaczkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Płock and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899350" title="Krawieczyn">
Krawieczyn

Krawieczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899351" title="Łagiewniki, Masovian Voivodeship">
Łagiewniki, Masovian Voivodeship

Łagiewniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899352" title="Leksyn">
Leksyn

Leksyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Bodzanów, east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899353" title="Łętowo">
Łętowo

Łętowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19899354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899354" title="Łętowo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Łętowo, Masovian Voivodeship

Łętowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Bodzanów, east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899355" title="Mąkolin">
Mąkolin

Mąkolin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Płock and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899359" title="Małoszewo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Małoszewo, Masovian Voivodeship

Małoszewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Bodzanów, east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899360" title="Małoszywka">
Małoszywka

Małoszywka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899364" title="Miszewko Garwackie">
Miszewko Garwackie

Miszewko Garwackie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Bodzanów, east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899365" title="Sings (Emilie-Claire Barlow album)">
Sings (Emilie-Claire Barlow album)

Sings is the first album by the Canadian jazz singer and voice actress Emilie-Claire Barlow. It was released in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="19899366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899366" title="Miszewo Murowane">
Miszewo Murowane

Miszewo Murowane is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Bodzanów, south-east of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899368" title="Niesłuchowo">
Niesłuchowo

Niesłuchowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Bodzanów, south-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899369" title="Nowe Kanigowo">
Nowe Kanigowo

Nowe Kanigowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899370" title="Nowe Miszewo">
Nowe Miszewo

Nowe Miszewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899371" title="Nowy Reczyn">
Nowy Reczyn

Nowy Reczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899372" title="Osmolinek">
Osmolinek

Osmolinek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899373" title="Parkoczewo">
Parkoczewo

Parkoczewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899374" title="Pepłowo, Płock County">
Pepłowo, Płock County

Pepłowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Bodzanów, east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899375" title="Ramutówko">
Ramutówko

Ramutówko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899377" title="Stanowo">
Stanowo

Stanowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19899378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899378" title="Stanowo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Stanowo, Masovian Voivodeship

Stanowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899379" title="Wiciejewo">
Wiciejewo

Wiciejewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Płock and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899385" title="Bądkowo Jeziorne">
Bądkowo Jeziorne

Bądkowo Jeziorne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Brudzeń Duży, north-west of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899386" title="Bądkowo Kościelne">
Bądkowo Kościelne

Bądkowo Kościelne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Płock and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 192.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899388" title="Bądkowo-Podlasie">
Bądkowo-Podlasie

Bądkowo-Podlasie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Płock and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 37.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899390" title="Bądkowo-Rochny">
Bądkowo-Rochny

Bądkowo-Rochny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Płock and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 48.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899391" title="Bądkowo-Rumunki">
Bądkowo-Rumunki

Bądkowo-Rumunki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Brudzeń Duży, north-west of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 60.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899392" title="Biskupice, Gmina Brudzeń Duży">
Biskupice, Gmina Brudzeń Duży

Biskupice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899393" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899393" title="Brudzeń Duży">
Brudzeń Duży

Brudzeń Duży is a village in Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Brudzeń Duży. It lies approximately north-west of Płock and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 939.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899395" title="Brudzeń Mały">
Brudzeń Mały

Brudzeń Mały is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Brudzeń Duży, north-west of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 123.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899396" title="Cegielnia, Płock County">
Cegielnia, Płock County

Cegielnia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Brudzeń Duży, north-west of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 110.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899397" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899397" title="Cierszewo">
Cierszewo

Cierszewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Brudzeń Duży, north-west of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 21.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899398" title="Główina">
Główina

Główina is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Brudzeń Duży, north-west of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 365.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899399" title="Gorzechowo">
Gorzechowo

Gorzechowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Brudzeń Duży, north-west of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 201.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899401" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899401" title="Izabelin, Płock County">
Izabelin, Płock County

Izabelin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Brudzeń Duży, north-west of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899402" title="Janoszyce">
Janoszyce

Janoszyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Brudzeń Duży, north-west of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899404" title="Karwosieki-Cholewice">
Karwosieki-Cholewice

Karwosieki-Cholewice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Brudzeń Duży, north-west of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899405" title="Karwosieki-Noskowice">
Karwosieki-Noskowice

Karwosieki-Noskowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Brudzeń Duży, north-west of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899406" title="Kłobukowo-Patrze">
Kłobukowo-Patrze

Kłobukowo-Patrze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Brudzeń Duży, north-west of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899407" title="Krzyżanowo">
Krzyżanowo

Krzyżanowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19899408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899408" title="Krzyżanowo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Krzyżanowo, Masovian Voivodeship

Krzyżanowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Brudzeń Duży, north-west of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 112.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899410" title="Lasotki, Masovian Voivodeship">
Lasotki, Masovian Voivodeship

Lasotki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Brudzeń Duży, north-west of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 128.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899412" title="Łukoszyno-Borki">
Łukoszyno-Borki

Łukoszyno-Borki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Płock and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 94.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899413" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899413" title="Murzynowo">
Murzynowo

Murzynowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19899414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899414" title="Murzynowo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Murzynowo, Masovian Voivodeship

Murzynowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Brudzeń Duży, west of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 163.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899415" title="Myśliborzyce">
Myśliborzyce

Myśliborzyce may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19899416" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899416" title="Myśliborzyce, Masovian Voivodeship">
Myśliborzyce, Masovian Voivodeship

Myśliborzyce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Brudzeń Duży, north-west of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899418" title="Nowe Karwosieki">
Nowe Karwosieki

Nowe Karwosieki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Brudzeń Duży, north of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899419" title="Parzeń">
Parzeń

Parzeń is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Brudzeń Duży, north-west of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 368.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899421" title="Parzeń-Janówek">
Parzeń-Janówek

Parzeń-Janówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Brudzeń Duży, north-west of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 76.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899423" title="Radotki">
Radotki

Radotki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Brudzeń Duży, north-west of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 47.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899426" title="Rembielin, Płock County">
Rembielin, Płock County

Rembielin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Brudzeń Duży, north-west of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 177.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899427" title="Robertowo">
Robertowo

Robertowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Brudzeń Duży, north-west of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899428" title="Rokicie">
Rokicie

Rokicie may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19899429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899429" title="Rokicie, Płock County">
Rokicie, Płock County

Rokicie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Brudzeń Duży, north-west of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 235.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899432" title="Siecień Rumunki">
Siecień Rumunki

Siecień Rumunki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Brudzeń Duży, north-west of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 139.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899433" title="Sobowo">
Sobowo

Sobowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Brudzeń Duży, north-west of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 480.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899434" title="Therefore I Am">
Therefore I Am

Therefore I Am was a post-hardcore band from Boston, Massachusetts signed to Equal Vision Records that disbanded on November 20, 2010.
History.
The band formed in May 2004 by bass player Jim Creighton, guitarist Brandon Davis, drummer Chris Fernandes, and guitarist Dan Sullivan. By early Summer, the group had welcomed singer Alex Correia. Alex had first grabbed the attention of the other members by submitting a copy of their distributed instrumental demo with his vocals recorded over the original tracks. Alex had recorded the vocal track in his bedroom. This demo would inevitably become their first song, "In Chelsea", which is where Alex was living at the time.
2004.
In October 2004, Dan Sullivan made the decision to leave the band to continue his education. Within a month of his departure, however, the band enlisted guitarist Aleksander Kmiec. Aleks soon became known as "Aleks with a K" due to the spelling of his name, and to differentiate between the band's singer and guitarist. Within weeks, the band began playing shows again. However, between Aleks' arrival and the release of their first EP, the band played infrequently.
2005.
The band's success did not begin to grow significantly until February 2005, with release of their first EP entitled "The Modern World, A Battlefield". In support of the release, the group tirelessly played at local venues and continued to write as their fan base grew. Their second independent release, simply entitled "The Summer EP", became available (strangely enough) in the fall of 2005, and was proof that the band members were maturing musically as individuals and as a whole.
During the summer of 2005, Brandon became a temporary drummer of the band Vanna. This quickly became a full-time commitment, and the band was signed to Epitaph Records before the end of the year. Brandon made the decision to leave Therefore I Am and continue playing drums for Vanna. His last show with the band was in the winter of 2006.
During the fall of 2005, the band members completed recording the song, "I Get Nervous in Cars,". This version of the song was posted online and would later be released on the Therefore I Am/Vanna Split 7" and the "You Are Connected" EP. The split 7" was first made available at the Robotica Records album release party on March 10, 2006.
2006.
Brian Marquis, Shawn Marquis' (Vanna) brother, stepped in to play guitar for TIA during early '06. At the time, the band decided to stop booking shows in order to concentrate on writing new material. However, their plans were put on hold again with yet another departure; Aleks chose to leave the band in late March 2006 to pursue other endeavors.
The band continued to play their booked shows with temporary guitarists. By spring of '06, TIA had met Travis Alexander and invited him to join the band by June '06. With a final line-up, Therefore I Am was able to tour, play regular local shows and record various demos including "Farewell via Park".
The year 2006 brought not only two new guitarists and their split 7", but also their first full U.S. tour, two east coast tours, and the release of the "You Are Connected" EP. They also played the Ernie Ball Battle of the Bands Warped Tour stage in Boston, MA and cut a demo with esteemed producer Matt Squire (People In Planes, Panic! At the Disco, The Used).
2007/2008.
In 2007 they landed the opening spot on Rockstar's Taste of Chaos in Boston, MA, were featured in Alternative Press Magazine as a "Best Unsigned Band of the Month" and featured as one of the "Top Unsigned Bands in the U.S." on DailyChorus.com. They entered the studio with Mike Poorman (Piebald, Tsunami Bomb, Paulson) that August to record the EP entitled "Escape". At the end of the year, in support of the self-released EP, they went on a small tour with Vanna, then shortly after with As Tall As Lions and The Receiving End of Sirens. During 2008 they did multiple tours in support of "Escape", played The Receiving End of Sirens' final shows with Envy on the Coast in Providence, RI and Hit The Lights in Allston, MA, then on August 20, 2008 they announced that they had signed with Equal Vision Records.
2009.
The band finished recording their Equal Vision debut in early 2009 and announced they would be playing the entire Warped Tour via the Skullcandy Stage. They then went out on a month long tour through the Pacific Northwest with Confide, Oceana, and To Speak of Wolves. In March they were featured on the Warped Tour website as one of the band "Kevin Wants You to Know" by Warped Tour owner Kevin Lyman.
Their Equal Vision Records debut "The Sound Of Human Lives" was released on June 23, 2009. The songs "Splinters" and "I Am Only An Island" can be heard on their myspace, and "I Am Only An Island" can also be downloaded as a part of the Equal Vision Records sampler on the Equal Vision website.
On December 9, 2009 Therefore I Am released a video for "I Am Only An Island."
On February 2, 2010 "I Am Only An Island" premiered on MTV2's Headbanger's Ball.
Break-up.
On September 22, 2010, Therefore I Am announced their decision to break-up. They haven't released any reasoning to it other than it being for personal reasons. November 20, 2010 will be the band's final show.
This was their latest statement on the break-up.
"I met Alex, Brian, Chris and Jim on Pratt Street in Allston, MA during the spring of 2006. Therefore I Am played music before I came into the picture but my accompaniment marked the beginning of something new. I joined their band on a whim. I dropped out of school, bought an amp and hit the road. The aforementioned members of Therefore I Am became my family, my closest friends and my life. They presented to me several life-changing opportunities and plugged me into a social circle I wouldn’t have otherwise had the pleasure of knowing. During the better part of the 5 years we spent in a van, the 5 of us bonded, fought, partied, smiled, argued, sang along together and learned to love each other. We will always love each other. It is with great dismay that I am announcing the end of Therefore I Am. There are a lot of reasons behind our decision but we would prefer to keep them personal. We are all still friends and that’s what matters most. This was by no means an easy decision for any of us. Life changes and you must change with it, regardless of the frustrations that come with said adjustments. The 5 of us are lucky and blessed to have had the opportunities we were given. In the past 5 years, we’ve come a long way. We’ve toured with heroes, crossed oceans and did a lot of things we never thought we’d be able to do in our respective lifetimes, let alone our twenties. Most importantly, we’ve acquired a large collection of friends and created an insane catalogue of memories. To say the very least, we’ve seen a lot of stuff. We’d like to thank all of the friends we’ve made and all of you who supported us with your thoughts, floors, roofs, showers, meals, hometowns, shows, tastes and love. You were as much a part of Therefore I Am as we were. You are connected. Please join us for our final shows November 19th at the Derry Opera House in Derry nh and November 20th at Lupo’s in Providence, RI. We will be joined by some great friends and we hope to see you all there one last time."
"-Travis Alexander and Therefore I Am"
Therefore I Am played their last show on November 20, 2010 at Lupo's Heartbreak Hotel in Providence, Rhode Island to a sold out crowd.
2012 Reunion Concert.
Therefore I Am has reunited. They will perform again on Friday December 21 (sold out show) and again on Saturday December 22 at "The Sinclair" in Cambridge, MA.

</doc>
<doc id="19899435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899435" title="Strupczewo Duże">
Strupczewo Duże

Strupczewo Duże is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Brudzeń Duży, north-west of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899438" title="Suchodół, Płock County">
Suchodół, Płock County

Suchodół is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Brudzeń Duży, north-west of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899440" title="Turza Mała, Płock County">
Turza Mała, Płock County

Turza Mała is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Brudzeń Duży, north-west of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899442" title="Turza Wielka, Płock County">
Turza Wielka, Płock County

Turza Wielka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Brudzeń Duży, north-west of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899443" title="Uniejewo">
Uniejewo

Uniejewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Brudzeń Duży, north-west of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 110.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899445" title="Więcławice, Masovian Voivodeship">
Więcławice, Masovian Voivodeship

Więcławice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Brudzeń Duży, north-west of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899448" title="Wincentowo, Płock County">
Wincentowo, Płock County

Wincentowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Brudzeń Duży, north-west of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899449" title="Winnica, Płock County">
Winnica, Płock County

Winnica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Brudzeń Duży, north-west of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899450" title="Zdziembórz">
Zdziembórz

Zdziembórz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Brudzeń Duży, north-west of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899451" title="Żerniki, Masovian Voivodeship">
Żerniki, Masovian Voivodeship

Żerniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzeń Duży, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Brudzeń Duży, north-west of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has an approximate population of 150.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899456" title="Blichowo">
Blichowo

Blichowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bulkowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Płock and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899458" title="Bulkowo">
Bulkowo

Bulkowo is a village in Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Bulkowo. It lies approximately east of Płock and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899460" title="Bulkowo-Kolonia">
Bulkowo-Kolonia

Bulkowo-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bulkowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899463" title="Chlebowo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Chlebowo, Masovian Voivodeship

Chlebowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bulkowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Bulkowo, east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899464" title="Daniszewo, Płock County">
Daniszewo, Płock County

Daniszewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bulkowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Płock and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899468" title="Dobra, Masovian Voivodeship">
Dobra, Masovian Voivodeship

Dobra is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bulkowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Bulkowo, east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899472" title="Gniewkowo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Gniewkowo, Masovian Voivodeship

Gniewkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bulkowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899473" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899473" title="Gocłowo">
Gocłowo

Gocłowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bulkowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899475" title="Krubice Stare">
Krubice Stare

Krubice Stare is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bulkowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899477" title="Krzykosy">
Krzykosy

Krzykosy may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19899478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899478" title="Krzykosy, Masovian Voivodeship">
Krzykosy, Masovian Voivodeship

Krzykosy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bulkowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899479" title="Nadułki">
Nadułki

Nadułki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bulkowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Bulkowo, east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899481" title="Nowa Słupca">
Nowa Słupca

Nowa Słupca is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bulkowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899484" title="Nowe Krubice">
Nowe Krubice

Nowe Krubice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bulkowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899485" title="Nowe Łubki">
Nowe Łubki

Nowe Łubki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bulkowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 1,500.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899486" title="Nowy Podleck">
Nowy Podleck

Nowy Podleck is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bulkowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899487" title="Osiek, Płock County">
Osiek, Płock County

Osiek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bulkowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899488" title="Pilichówko">
Pilichówko

Pilichówko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bulkowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Płock and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899490" title="Pilichowo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Pilichowo, Masovian Voivodeship

Pilichowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bulkowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899491" title="Rogowo, Gmina Bulkowo">
Rogowo, Gmina Bulkowo

Rogowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bulkowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899494" title="Słupca, Masovian Voivodeship">
Słupca, Masovian Voivodeship

Słupca is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bulkowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Bulkowo, east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899496" title="Bendera Tentera">
Bendera Tentera

Bendera Tentera (Army's Flag) is a song written during the revolution at Malaya in 1948-1960. It was a song written as an encouragement to fight against the colonists.

</doc>
<doc id="19899497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899497" title="Sochocino-Badurki">
Sochocino-Badurki

Sochocino-Badurki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bulkowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899498" title="Sochocino-Czyżewo">
Sochocino-Czyżewo

Sochocino-Czyżewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bulkowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Płock and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899499" title="Sochocino-Praga">
Sochocino-Praga

Sochocino-Praga is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bulkowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Płock and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899501" title="Stare Łubki">
Stare Łubki

Stare Łubki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bulkowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899502" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899502" title="Stary Podleck">
Stary Podleck

Stary Podleck is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bulkowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899504" title="Szasty">
Szasty

Szasty is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bulkowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899506" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899506" title="Włóki, Masovian Voivodeship">
Włóki, Masovian Voivodeship

Włóki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bulkowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899507" title="Wołowa">
Wołowa

Wołowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bulkowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Płock and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899509" title="Worowice, Masovian Voivodeship">
Worowice, Masovian Voivodeship

Worowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bulkowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Bulkowo, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899513" title="Biskupice, Gmina Drobin">
Biskupice, Gmina Drobin

Biskupice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899515" title="Borowo, Płock County">
Borowo, Płock County

Borowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899516" title="Brelki">
Brelki

Brelki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Drobin, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899517" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899517" title="Brzechowo">
Brzechowo

Brzechowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Drobin, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899518" title="Budkowo">
Budkowo

Budkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Drobin, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899519" title="Chudzynek">
Chudzynek

Chudzynek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899521" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899521" title="Chudzyno">
Chudzyno

Chudzyno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Drobin, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899522" title="Cieśle, Gmina Drobin">
Cieśle, Gmina Drobin

Cieśle is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Drobin, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899523" title="Cieszewko">
Cieszewko

Cieszewko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Drobin, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899524" title="Cieszewo">
Cieszewo

Cieszewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Drobin, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899525" title="Henry Gordon">
Henry Gordon

Henry Gordon may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19899526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899526" title="Dobrosielice Drugie">
Dobrosielice Drugie

Dobrosielice Drugie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899528" title="Dobrosielice Pierwsze">
Dobrosielice Pierwsze

Dobrosielice Pierwsze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899529" title="Dziewanowo">
Dziewanowo

Dziewanowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899530" title="Karsy, Masovian Voivodeship">
Karsy, Masovian Voivodeship

Karsy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Drobin, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899531" title="Kłaki">
Kłaki

Kłaki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899533" title="Kowalewo, Płock County">
Kowalewo, Płock County

Kowalewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Drobin, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899534" title="Saima Khan">
Saima Khan

Saima Khan is a Pakistani actress and mujra dancer from Daska. She has achieved fame in the Lahore district. She has appeared both in movies and on stage.
Because of bold dances, Saima Khan was banned from performing on stage. In 2007, she was injured in an attack when unidentified persons opened fire at her in Iqbal Town while she was driving home after performing at a local theater late at night.

</doc>
<doc id="19899536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899536" title="Kozłówko, Masovian Voivodeship">
Kozłówko, Masovian Voivodeship

Kozłówko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899537" title="Kozłowo, Płock County">
Kozłowo, Płock County

Kozłowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Drobin, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899540" title="Krajkowo">
Krajkowo

Krajkowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19899541" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899541" title="Krajkowo, Płock County">
Krajkowo, Płock County

Krajkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899543" title="Kuchary, Masovian Voivodeship">
Kuchary, Masovian Voivodeship

Kuchary is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Drobin, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 210.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899544" title="Łęg Kościelny">
Łęg Kościelny

Łęg Kościelny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Drobin, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899546" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899546" title="Łęg Probostwo">
Łęg Probostwo

Łęg Probostwo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Drobin, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 290.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899547" title="Małachowo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Małachowo, Masovian Voivodeship

Małachowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Drobin, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899548" title="Maliszewko">
Maliszewko

Maliszewko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Drobin, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899550" title="Mlice-Kostery">
Mlice-Kostery

Mlice-Kostery is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Drobin, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 80.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899551" title="Mogielnica (disambiguation)">
Mogielnica (disambiguation)

Mogielnica is a place in Masovian Voivodeship (east-central Poland).
Mogielnica may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19899553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899553" title="Mogielnica, Płock County">
Mogielnica, Płock County

Mogielnica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Drobin, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899554" title="Mogielnica-Kolonia">
Mogielnica-Kolonia

Mogielnica-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899556" title="Nagórki Dobrskie">
Nagórki Dobrskie

Nagórki Dobrskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Drobin, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 230.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899557" title="Nagórki-Olszyny">
Nagórki-Olszyny

Nagórki-Olszyny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899559" title="Niemczewo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Niemczewo, Masovian Voivodeship

Niemczewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Drobin, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899562" title="Francesco Alciati">
Francesco Alciati

Francesco Alciati (2 February 1522 – 20 April 1580) was an Italian Cardinal. 
A native of Milan and a relative of Andrea Alciato, he became one of the most important law professors in Milan. His best-known student in Pavia was St Charles Borromeo. He excelled in science and literature and was a model of erudition. Under Pius IV he became a bishop, datary, pro-camerlengo, Cardinal deacon of Santa Maria in Campitelli and Cardinal priest of Santa Susanna. He became Protector of the Order of the Carthusians and Protector of the kingdoms of Spain and Ireland to the Holy See. Under St Pius V he became vice-penitentiary and later grand penitentiary.
He died in office and was buried in Rome in the Carthusian Church of Santa Maria degli Angeli.

</doc>
<doc id="19899563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899563" title="Nowa Wieś, Gmina Drobin">
Nowa Wieś, Gmina Drobin

Nowa Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899564" title="Psary, Płock County">
Psary, Płock County

Psary is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Drobin, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899565" title="Rogotwórsk">
Rogotwórsk

Rogotwórsk is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899566" title="Setropie">
Setropie

Setropie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Drobin, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899567" title="Siemienie">
Siemienie

Siemienie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Drobin, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899571" title="Sokolniki, Płock County">
Sokolniki, Płock County

Sokolniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899573" title="Stanisławowo, Płock County">
Stanisławowo, Płock County

Stanisławowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899574" title="Świerczyn, Masovian Voivodeship">
Świerczyn, Masovian Voivodeship

Świerczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899575" title="Świerczyn-Bęchy">
Świerczyn-Bęchy

Świerczyn-Bęchy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899578" title="Świerczynek, Masovian Voivodeship">
Świerczynek, Masovian Voivodeship

Świerczynek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Drobin, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899580" title="Tupadły, Masovian Voivodeship">
Tupadły, Masovian Voivodeship

Tupadły is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899582" title="Warszewka">
Warszewka

Warszewka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Drobin, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899584" title="Wilkęsy, Płock County">
Wilkęsy, Płock County

Wilkęsy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Drobin, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899585" title="Wrogocin">
Wrogocin

Wrogocin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Drobin, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899593" title="Borki, Płock County">
Borki, Płock County

Borki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąbin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Gąbin, south-east of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 135.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899594" title="Czermno, Masovian Voivodeship">
Czermno, Masovian Voivodeship

Czermno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąbin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Gąbin, south of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 477.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899596" title="Dobrzyków">
Dobrzyków

Dobrzyków (1943-1945, German "Weichselhöh") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąbin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Gąbin, south of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 616.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899597" title="Górki, Płock County">
Górki, Płock County

Górki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąbin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Gąbin, south of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 335.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899599" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899599" title="Góry Małe">
Góry Małe

Góry Małe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąbin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Gąbin, south of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 203.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899600" title="Grabie Polskie">
Grabie Polskie

Grabie Polskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąbin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Gąbin, south of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 223.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899602" title="Guzew, Płock County">
Guzew, Płock County

Guzew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąbin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Gąbin, south of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 169.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899603" title="Jadwigów, Płock County">
Jadwigów, Płock County

Jadwigów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąbin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Gąbin, south of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 110.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899604" title="Jordanów (disambiguation)">
Jordanów (disambiguation)

Jordanów may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19899607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899607" title="Jordanów, Masovian Voivodeship">
Jordanów, Masovian Voivodeship

Jordanów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąbin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Gąbin, south-east of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 186.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899608" title="Premankur Atorthy">
Premankur Atorthy

Premankur Atorthy (প্রেমাঙ্কুর আতর্থী) (1 January 1890 – 13 October 1964) was a novelist, journalist, and film director, born in Faridpur. He was involved in Hindi and Bengali cinema.
Early life.
Premankur's initial schooling started at Brahmo School, Kolkata. He then studied variously at Duff School, Keshab Academy, City School and Brahma Boys Boarding and Day School, which were then under the University of Calcutta. His father, Mahesh Chandra Atorthy, was a propagator and writer of the brahma samaj.
Premankur was imaginative and fond of adventure from boyhood. Failing to do well in his studies, he ran away to Bombay. At Bombay he learnt to play the sitar under Ustad Karamatullah. Returning to Kolkata, he started working at a sports goods shop in Chowringee. Subsequently, he worked for the Baikali, Yadughar, Hindustan, bharatvarsha, Sangkalpa, Nachghar and bharati.
Works.
He was a noted novelist and playwright, author of many books including compilations of short stories, essays (e.g. on silent film, cf. Atorthy, 1990) and plays. Best- known literary work: Mahasthavir Jatak (1944), a fictional autobiography in four volumes noted for its irreverent portrayal of Calcutta’s early 20th-century élites. Among his other novels are Anarkali (1925), Bajikar (1922), Achalpather Jatri (1923), Chasir Meye (1924), Dui Ratri (1927) and Takht Taus. Associated with literary journal Bharati; edited Nachghar, one of the first performing arts journals to take film seriously, with Hemendra Kumar Roy and film- maker Pashupati Chatterjee.
Founded Betar Jagat, the journal of the AIR, Calcutta (1929). Started as scenarist and actor, using the pseudonym Krishna Haldar, at Indian Kinema Arts (Punarjanma, 1927; Chasher Meye, 1931). Remade Punarjanma in 1932. Joined B.N. Sircar’s International Filmcraft as writer and assistant to Prafulla Roy (Chasher Meye is based on Atorthy’s novel and script). Also scripted Nitin Bose’s Buker Bojha (1930).
Premankur entered the cinema world with a role in the Bangla film Punarjanma. First directed film, Dena Paona, was New Theatres’ first talkie, made in direct competition with Madan Theatres’ Jamai Sasthi (1931). Made several Urdu films as part of New Theatres’ effort to enter the North Indian market, including the classic film of Aga Hashr Kashmiri’s play Yahudi Ki Ladki. His film versions of literary classics, e.g. from Saratchandra Chattopadhyay (Dena Paona), Rabindranath Tagore (Chirakumar Sabha) and Bankimchandra Chattopadhyay (Kapal Kundala), established the élite literary film genre intended to distinguish New Theatres’ films from routine stage adaptations and remained important signifiers of high art in Bengali cinema. First Bengali film-maker to work in Western India, e.g. for Kolhapur Cinetone (1935) and for Imperial (1936). Credited with the supervision of H.K. Shivdasani’s Yasmin (1935), made by the Krishna Studio.

</doc>
<doc id="19899609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899609" title="Kamień-Słubice">
Kamień-Słubice

Kamień-Słubice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąbin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Gąbin, south of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 117.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899610" title="Gigis Tskaro">
Gigis Tskaro

Gigis Tskaro (Georgian: გიგის წყარო, it means Gigi's spring) is a square and handmade spring in the town of Gori, Georgia. This square is situated on the left side of Gori State University (GSU), opposite of Gori Military Hospital, 100 metres from the Joseph Stalin statue in Gori. The name of the square comes from a name of a student of GSU, "Giorgi(Gigi) Khupenia" who died in a car accident (2008). He was a Sticharosani (The owner of Sticharion, it's the lowest title in Georgian Orthodox Church, the owners of this title are especially secular persons) in Gori Cathedral, an activist of the United National Movement and Vice-President of self-government of the students in GSU. He was very famous person in young people of Gori. This square was opened by Vladimer(Lado) Vardzelashvili, Governor of Shida Kartli (20.10.2008).

</doc>
<doc id="19899611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899611" title="Karolew, Płock County">
Karolew, Płock County

Karolew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąbin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Gąbin, south of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 116.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899613" title="Kępina, Płock County">
Kępina, Płock County

Kępina is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąbin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Gąbin, south of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 168.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899614" title="Koszelew">
Koszelew

Koszelew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąbin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Gąbin, south of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 492.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899616" title="Lipińskie, Masovian Voivodeship">
Lipińskie, Masovian Voivodeship

Lipińskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąbin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Gąbin, south of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 245.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899618" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899618" title="Ludwików, Gmina Gąbin">
Ludwików, Gmina Gąbin

Ludwików is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąbin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Gąbin, south of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 196.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899619" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899619" title="Nowa Korzeniówka">
Nowa Korzeniówka

Nowa Korzeniówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąbin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Gąbin, south-east of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 219.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899622" title="Nowe Grabie, Płock County">
Nowe Grabie, Płock County

Nowe Grabie (German "Deutsch Grabie") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąbin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Gąbin, south of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 427.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899623" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899623" title="Nowe Wymyśle">
Nowe Wymyśle

Nowe Wymyśle is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąbin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Gąbin, south-east of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 183.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899627" title="Nowy Kamień, Masovian Voivodeship">
Nowy Kamień, Masovian Voivodeship

Nowy Kamień is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąbin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Gąbin, south of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 167.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899629" title="Nowy Troszyn">
Nowy Troszyn

Nowy Troszyn (German "Deutsch Troschin") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąbin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Gąbin, south-east of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 337.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899631" title="Okolusz">
Okolusz

Okolusz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąbin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Gąbin, south of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 69.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899633" title="Piaski, Płock County">
Piaski, Płock County

Piaski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąbin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Gąbin, south-east of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 51.

</doc>
<doc id="19899635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899635" title="Plebanka, Masovian Voivodeship">
Plebanka, Masovian Voivodeship

Plebanka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąbin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Gąbin, south of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 123.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899636" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899636" title="Potrzebna">
Potrzebna

Potrzebna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąbin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Gąbin, south of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 135.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899637" title="Przemysłów, Masovian Voivodeship">
Przemysłów, Masovian Voivodeship

Przemysłów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąbin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Gąbin, south-east of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 132.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899640" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899640" title="Rumunki, Płock County">
Rumunki, Płock County

Rumunki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąbin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Gąbin, south-east of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 59.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899641" title="Stara Korzeniówka">
Stara Korzeniówka

Stara Korzeniówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąbin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Gąbin, south-east of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 87.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899645" title="Stary Kamień, Masovian Voivodeship">
Stary Kamień, Masovian Voivodeship

Stary Kamień is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąbin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Gąbin, south of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 216.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899647" title="Strzemeszno">
Strzemeszno

Strzemeszno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąbin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Gąbin, south-east of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 157.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899648" title="Topólno">
Topólno

Topólno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąbin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Gąbin, south of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 337.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899651" title="Troszyn Polski">
Troszyn Polski

Troszyn Polski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąbin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Gąbin, south-east of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 124.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899656" title="Antoninów, Płock County">
Antoninów, Płock County

Antoninów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łąck, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899657" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899657" title="Grabina, Płock County">
Grabina, Płock County

Grabina is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łąck, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Łąck, south of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899659" title="Korzeń Królewski">
Korzeń Królewski

Korzeń Królewski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łąck, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Łąck, south-west of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899660" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899660" title="Korzeń Rządowy">
Korzeń Rządowy

Korzeń Rządowy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łąck, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Łąck, south-west of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899662" title="Kościuszków, Masovian Voivodeship">
Kościuszków, Masovian Voivodeship

Kościuszków (1943-1945, German "Blumenfelde") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łąck, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Łąck, south-west of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899664" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899664" title="Koszelówka, Płock County">
Koszelówka, Płock County

Koszelówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łąck, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Łąck, south of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899665" title="Łąck">
Łąck

Łąck (1943–1945, German "Lonsch") is a village in Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Łąck. It lies approximately south-west of Płock and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 1,350.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899666" title="Ludwików, Gmina Łąck">
Ludwików, Gmina Łąck

Ludwików (1943-1945, German "Luisenthal") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łąck, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899667" title="Matyldów, Płock County">
Matyldów, Płock County

Matyldów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łąck, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Łąck, south of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899668" title="Nowe Rumunki">
Nowe Rumunki

Nowe Rumunki () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łąck, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Łąck, south of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899669" title="Podlasie, Płock County">
Podlasie, Płock County

Podlasie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łąck, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899670" title="Confederate Monument in Russellville">
Confederate Monument in Russellville

The Confederate Monument in Russellville, in the middle of the Russellville Historic District of Russellville, Kentucky, is a monument to the Confederate States of America that is on the National Register of Historic Places since July 17, 1997.
It was built in 1910 by the Camp Caldwell chapter of the United Confederate Veterans, Chapter No. 139. It features a block arch atop a pedestal, with a bronze eagle measuring two feet high and long, on top of the monument, and a Confederate soldier statue inside the arch. The base is six feet tall, constructed of limestone bricks. The arch is made of limestone, and the soldier statue, portraying a Confederate soldier wearing a slouch hat and holding a rifle, is made of bronze. On the back of the monument are the words "Deo Vindice" (Latin), which was the official motto of the Confederate States of America, and translates from the Latin as "With God our Vindicator".
The location of the monument is important, as the nearby William Forst House was the site of the founding of the Confederate government of Kentucky in November 1861. Over 1000 residents of Russellville served in the Army of the Confederate States of America, compared to 500 who served in the Union Army of the United States of America. The Forst House still stands today.
On July 17, 1997, the Confederate Monument in Russellville was one of sixty different monuments related to the Civil War in Kentucky placed on the National Register of Historic Places, as part of the Civil War Monuments of Kentucky Multiple Property Submission.

</doc>
<doc id="19899672" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899672" title="Sędeń Duży">
Sędeń Duży

Sędeń Duży is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łąck, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Łąck, south-west of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 320.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899673" title="Sędeń Mały">
Sędeń Mały

Sędeń Mały is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łąck, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Łąck, south-west of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 150.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899674" title="Wincentów, Płock County">
Wincentów, Płock County

Wincentów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łąck, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Łąck, south of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899678" title="Władysławów, Płock County">
Władysławów, Płock County

Władysławów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łąck, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Łąck, south-west of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899680" title="Wola Łącka">
Wola Łącka

Wola Łącka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łąck, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Łąck, south-west of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899681" title="Zaździerz">
Zaździerz

Zaździerz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łąck, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Łąck, south of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899682" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899682" title="Zdwórz">
Zdwórz

Zdwórz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łąck, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Łąck, south of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899684" title="Zofiówka, Płock County">
Zofiówka, Płock County

Zofiówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łąck, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899690" title="Borzeń">
Borzeń

Borzeń is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mała Wieś, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899691" title="Brody Duże, Masovian Voivodeship">
Brody Duże, Masovian Voivodeship

Brody Duże is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mała Wieś, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Płock and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 230.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899693" title="Brody Małe, Masovian Voivodeship">
Brody Małe, Masovian Voivodeship

Brody Małe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mała Wieś, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Płock and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 90.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899696" title="Dzierżanowo, Płock County">
Dzierżanowo, Płock County

Dzierżanowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mała Wieś, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Mała Wieś, east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899698" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899698" title="Dzierżanowo-Osada">
Dzierżanowo-Osada

Dzierżanowo-Osada is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Mała Wieś, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899700" title="Główczyn, Płock County">
Główczyn, Płock County

Główczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mała Wieś, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899701" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899701" title="Kiełtyki">
Kiełtyki

Kiełtyki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mała Wieś, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Mała Wieś, east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899703" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899703" title="Kupise">
Kupise

Kupise is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mała Wieś, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Płock and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899704" title="Lasocin, Płock County">
Lasocin, Płock County

Lasocin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mała Wieś, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Mała Wieś, east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899705" title="Liwin">
Liwin

Liwin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mała Wieś, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899706" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899706" title="Mała Wieś, Płock County">
Mała Wieś, Płock County

Mała Wieś is a village in Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Mała Wieś. It lies approximately east of Płock and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 1,200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899707" title="Journal of Official Statistics">
Journal of Official Statistics

The Journal of Official Statistics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal that publishes papers related to official statistics. It is published by Statistics Sweden, the national statistical office of Sweden. The journal was established in 1985, when it replaced the Swedish language journal "Statistisk Tidskrift" (Statistical Review). It publishes four issues each year.
Abstracting and indexing.
"Journal of Official Statistics" is indexed in the Current Index to Statistics.

</doc>
<doc id="19899708" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899708" title="Murkowo">
Murkowo

Murkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mała Wieś, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899709" title="Nakwasin">
Nakwasin

Nakwasin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mała Wieś, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Mała Wieś, east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899711" title="Niździn">
Niździn

Niździn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mała Wieś, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Mała Wieś, south-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899713" title="Nowe Arciszewo">
Nowe Arciszewo

Nowe Arciszewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mała Wieś, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899714" title="Nowe Gałki">
Nowe Gałki

Nowe Gałki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mała Wieś, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has an approximate population of 320.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899716" title="Nowe Święcice">
Nowe Święcice

Nowe Święcice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mała Wieś, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899717" title="Nowy Chylin">
Nowy Chylin

Nowy Chylin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mała Wieś, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Płock and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 220.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899718" title="Orszymowo">
Orszymowo

Orszymowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mała Wieś, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899719" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899719" title="Perki">
Perki

Perki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mała Wieś, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Płock and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899721" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899721" title="Podgórze, Płock County">
Podgórze, Płock County

Podgórze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mała Wieś, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Mała Wieś, south-east of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899723" title="Podgórze-Parcele">
Podgórze-Parcele

Podgórze-Parcele is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mała Wieś, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899725" title="Przykory, Płock County">
Przykory, Płock County

Przykory is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mała Wieś, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately southeast of Płock and northwest of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899726" title="Rąkcice">
Rąkcice

Rąkcice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mała Wieś, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Płock and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899727" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899727" title="Ściborowo">
Ściborowo

Ściborowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mała Wieś, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899728" title="Stare Arciszewo">
Stare Arciszewo

Stare Arciszewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mała Wieś, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899729" title="Stare Gałki">
Stare Gałki

Stare Gałki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mała Wieś, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Mała Wieś, south-east of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899730" title="Stare Święcice">
Stare Święcice

Stare Święcice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mała Wieś, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899731" title="Węgrzynowo, Płock County">
Węgrzynowo, Płock County

Węgrzynowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mała Wieś, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Mała Wieś, south-east of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
Between 1975 and 1998 it was administered as part of the Płock Voivodeship.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899734" title="Wilkanowo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Wilkanowo, Masovian Voivodeship

Wilkanowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mała Wieś, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Mała Wieś, east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899736" title="Zakrzewo Kościelne">
Zakrzewo Kościelne

Zakrzewo Kościelne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mała Wieś, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Płock and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899743" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899743" title="Aspidotis carlotta-halliae">
Aspidotis carlotta-halliae

Aspidotis carlotta-halliae is a species of perennial fern known by the common names tufted lacefern and Carlotta Hall's lace fern. It is endemic to California, where it is found in the Central Coast Ranges and coastal hillsides, often on serpentine soils. This species is a fertile hybrid between "Aspidotis californica" and "Aspidotis densa". The fern was named for fern collector Carlotta Case Hall, who coauthored the 1912 botanical guide "A Yosemite Flora" with her husband, botanist Harvey Monroe Hall.
Description.
In appearance it is intermediate between the two other ferns. It has leathery triangular leaves divided into many pairs of leaflets, which are each subdivided into many coarse, irregularly toothed segments. The stipe is very thin and dark. The undersides of the segments are lined with sori containing sporangia. It is found between to in elevation. It is often found growing under rocks.

</doc>
<doc id="19899744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899744" title="Brwilno, Gmina Nowy Duninów">
Brwilno, Gmina Nowy Duninów

Brwilno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Duninów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899745" title="Brwilno Dolne">
Brwilno Dolne

Brwilno Dolne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Duninów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Nowy Duninów, west of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899746" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899746" title="Brzezinna Góra">
Brzezinna Góra

Brzezinna Góra is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Duninów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Nowy Duninów, west of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899748" title="Duninów Duży">
Duninów Duży

Duninów Duży is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Duninów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Nowy Duninów, west of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899749" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899749" title="Mount Hope railway line">
Mount Hope railway line

The Mount Hope railway briefly connected the Broken Hill railway line with Mount Hope, New South Wales, Australia. The copper mine for which this branch was constructed to service ceased full-time operations four months before the line was opened. After a bare five years, the branch itself was closed—possibly the first step of rationalisation to be practiced by the New South Wales Government Railways.
Construction.
The basic reason for the proposed construction of a railway to service Mount Hope was to provide a means of cheap transport for the several copper mines in the district. A railway to link Broken Hill with Condobolin via Menindee had been on the drawing boards since 1895 but there was considerable pressure instead for the line to be built from Cobar and run via Wilcannia to Broken Hill. Construction, however, was authorised of the route from Condobolin to Broken Hill in 1912, and the actual work commenced in December 1914 from both ends. The work was placed in the hands of a private contractor in July the following year, but this contract was cancelled in May 1917, by which time the section from Condobolin to Matakana had been completed. Although not officially open for traffic, freight was handled over the line under "construction" conditions (i.e., construction traffic had
priority over any other traffic.)
The Annual Report of the Department of Mines for the Year Ended 30 June 1917 reveals that the only mine operating at Mount Hope at the time was the Mount Hope Limited. Regular crushing operations were commenced in May, 1917 when the railway from Condobolin to Matakana was unofficially opened. At that stage, it was proposed to build a light railway to connect the mine with Matakana Siding, 16 km away, for which a survey had been completed.
In the following year, the N.S.W. Department of Mines reported that: ""the profitable and successful treatment of the Mount Hope ore has proved in the past an almost insuperable difficulty, owing, firstly, to the distance from the railway, and secondly, to the highly siliceous nature of the ore; but the present Company, by a combination process of milling and leaching under a patent of their own, has proved that the mine can be worked profitably and with the railway now within less than two miles of the town, the future of this property seems assured . . . given an adequate price for copper, it is safe to predict a prosperous career for this mine.""
It was planned to carry out extensive improvements, including the construction of an urgently needed dam to provide a dependable water supply. At this stage, 117 persons were employed at the mine. However, in October 1918, the water ran out and work at the mine all but ceased. With the arrival of the railway, it was expected that the Great Central Copper Mine at South Mount Hope would also resume operations.
The official opening date of the 16.73 km (10m. 32ch.) single tracked branch from Matakana to Mount Hope is given as 10 February 1919, the same as that for the main line from Condobolin to a dead-end 2.56 km beyond Trida.
Description of the Line.
The Mount Hope line branched off the western end of the crossing loop at Matakana. This meant that any train proceeding to the branch would have to shunt from the platform as this only faced the main line. The branch left the crossing loop by a 10.57m (12 ch) radius curve to head in a generally northern direction on a steadily rising grade with a few sweeping curves. As the line was unfenced, an overall speed limit of 24 km/h (15 mph) was applied. There were no intermediate halts or stations and the terminus was of the simplest design possible - a main line with a single run-round siding 131 m (431 ft) in length, capable of holding twenty four-wheeled vehicles. No platform or signals were provided at Mount Hope - just a simple station nameboard. Only one train at a time was allowed on the branch operating under "Ordinary Train Staff" regulations. The "Staff" for the section, when
not in use, was kept at Matakana. No signals were provided to protect Matakana from trains off the Mount Hope branch and so drivers of these trains had to come to a stand clear of the catch-points protecting the arrival road (loop) at the junction station. Also, as there were no turning facilities at Mount Hope, locomotives had to operate tender-first in one direction. It would appear that it was expected that locomotives would be able to run from Euabalong West (the last watering point) to Mount Hope and return, (a distance of 126 km (78½ miles), without requiring additional water, but if none was available at Euabalong West, provision was made in the local instructions for a bogie water tank to be conveyed from Condobolin and for the locomotive to run tender first on the outward journey, propelling the water tank from Euabalong West.
Train Operations.
It seems that the railway may have been too late for the copper mining industry which was also suffering from drought conditions. The 1920 Mines Department Annual Report tells us that no ore was mined at Mount Hope during the year although 40 tons were obtained from tailings. Only eleven men were employed, all on surface work. 1921 saw a very depressed copper industry. Whilst 1290 tons had been mined in the whole of New South Wales in 1920, only 499 tons had been mined in 1921, and none of this copper came from Mount Hope.
Travelling time for all trains in each direction on the branch was 46 minutes. Locomotives of the A, B, C, D, H, J.483 & P classes were allowed on the line which was treated as a "pioneer" branch - unfenced, and so drivers were expected to keep a sharp look-out for livestock.
The Public Timetable of 1923 reveals that there was a once-a-week service to Mount Hope, originating from Condobolin at 14.30 on Fridays, connecting off the 1955 mail train from Sydney the previous day. The mixed train departed Matakana at 18.50 and was scheduled to arrive at Mount Hope at 19.35. The return journey was commenced at 6.30 on Saturday, arriving back at Condobolin at 11.10 with a connection through to Sydney.
Closure.
When it was obvious that the copper mines would not re-open, and that there was no other worthwhile traffic to retain the branch, it was decided to close the line and accordingly the last train ran on Friday-Saturday 4–5 July 1924.
It appears that the track was allowed to lie unused for many years, not being lifted until the late 1930s when it was recovered for use on another line to serve a copper mine - from Bungendore to Captains Flat.

</doc>
<doc id="19899751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899751" title="Dzierzązna, Masovian Voivodeship">
Dzierzązna, Masovian Voivodeship

Dzierzązna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Duninów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Nowy Duninów, west of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899753" title="Grodziska, Masovian Voivodeship">
Grodziska, Masovian Voivodeship

Grodziska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Duninów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Nowy Duninów, west of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899754" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899754" title="Jeżewo, Płock County">
Jeżewo, Płock County

Jeżewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Duninów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899755" title="Kamion, Płock County">
Kamion, Płock County

Kamion is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Duninów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Nowy Duninów, west of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899756" title="Karolewo, Płock County">
Karolewo, Płock County

Karolewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Duninów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Nowy Duninów, west of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899757" title="Lipianki, Masovian Voivodeship">
Lipianki, Masovian Voivodeship

Lipianki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Duninów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899760" title="Nowa Wieś, Gmina Nowy Duninów">
Nowa Wieś, Gmina Nowy Duninów

Nowa Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Duninów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899762" title="Nowy Duninów">
Nowy Duninów

Nowy Duninów is a village in Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Nowy Duninów. It lies approximately west of Płock and west of Warsaw.

</doc>
<doc id="19899764" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899764" title="Popłacin">
Popłacin

Popłacin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Duninów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Nowy Duninów, west of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899768" title="Soczewka, Masovian Voivodeship">
Soczewka, Masovian Voivodeship

Soczewka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Duninów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Nowy Duninów, west of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 330.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899770" title="Środoń">
Środoń

Środoń is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Duninów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899772" title="Stary Duninów">
Stary Duninów

Stary Duninów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Duninów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899773" title="Trzcianno">
Trzcianno

Trzcianno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Duninów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Nowy Duninów, west of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899778" title="Wola Brwileńska">
Wola Brwileńska

Wola Brwileńska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Duninów, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Nowy Duninów, west of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899782" title="Białkowo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Białkowo, Masovian Voivodeship

Białkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Radzanowo, east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899786" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899786" title="Brochocin, Płock County">
Brochocin, Płock County

Brochocin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Radzanowo, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899788" title="Brochocinek, Masovian Voivodeship">
Brochocinek, Masovian Voivodeship

Brochocinek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899789" title="Ravindra">
Ravindra

Ravindra may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19899790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899790" title="Chełstowo">
Chełstowo

Chełstowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Radzanowo, east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899792" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899792" title="Chomętowo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Chomętowo, Masovian Voivodeship

Chomętowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Radzanowo, east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899793" title="Ciółkówko">
Ciółkówko

Ciółkówko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899795" title="Ciółkowo">
Ciółkowo

Ciółkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899798" title="Czerniewo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Czerniewo, Masovian Voivodeship

Czerniewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Radzanowo, east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899799" title="Dźwierzno, Płock County">
Dźwierzno, Płock County

Dźwierzno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Radzanowo, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899800" title="Juryszewo">
Juryszewo

Juryszewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Radzanowo, east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 210.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899801" title="Kosino, Poland">
Kosino, Poland

Kosino is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Radzanowo, east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899802" title="Kostrogaj">
Kostrogaj

Kostrogaj is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Radzanowo, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899804" title="Hastings station">
Hastings station

Hastings station may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19899805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899805" title="Łoniewo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Łoniewo, Masovian Voivodeship

Łoniewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Radzanowo, east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899808" title="Męczenino">
Męczenino

Męczenino is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Radzanowo, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899809" title="Nowe Boryszewo">
Nowe Boryszewo

Nowe Boryszewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899810" title="Radzanowo">
Radzanowo

Radzanowo is a village in Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Radzanowo. It lies approximately east of Płock and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 860.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899811" title="Radzanowo-Dębniki">
Radzanowo-Dębniki

Radzanowo-Dębniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899812" title="Radzanowo-Lasocin">
Radzanowo-Lasocin

Radzanowo-Lasocin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899813" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899813" title="Süreyya Opera House">
Süreyya Opera House

Süreyya Opera House, also called Süreyya Cultural Center (), is an opera hall located in Kadıköy district of Istanbul, Turkey. The building is designed by architect Kegam Kavafyan by order of a Deputy for Istanbul Süreyya İlmen, it was originally established in 1927 as the first musical theatre on the Anatolian part of Istanbul. However, due to lack of appropriate facilities and equipment in the theatre, operettas were never staged. The venue was rather used as a movie theatre until the building underwent a functional restoration and reopened as an opera house by the end of 2007.
History.
Süreyya Pasha started the construction of the building in 1924 to meet the need of a venue for cultural and social events lacking in Kadıköy. He was impressed by the glamour of famous theatres in Europe during his visits. The aesthetic and functional influences at the architectural design of the building are reflected in the foyer, an example of Art Deco inspired from the Champs-Elysées Theatre in Paris, and in the interior, which shows styles of German architecture. Called "Süreyya Opereti" () and opened on March 6, 1927, the theater was the first of its art in the Asian part of Istanbul and the sixth in the entire city.
Since the stage of the musical theatre was not wholly completed and no artist's rooms were provided, operetta performances did not take place at all. Only theatre plays were performed some days a week. In 1930, technical equipment needed to screen sound films was installed and henceforth the venue was renamed "Süreyya Sineması" (). Hikmet Nazım, father of the renowned poet Nazım Hikmet, was appointed the movie theatre's first manager.
The ballroom at the second floor served for many years as a wedding hall. It hosted the theater group "Kadıköy Sahnesi" (Kadıköy Stage) five years long from 1959 on. Later, the space was used as an apparel workshop.
Süreyya İlmen donated the theatre in 1950 to "Darüşşafaka Cemiyeti", a charitable organization for the advancement of education of orphan children in poverty, with the condition to receive the revenues during his or his wife's lifetime. He died in 1955 and his wife Adalet İlmen in 1966. The cinema, taken over by the charity society, was then run first by the daughter and then by the grandsons of Süreyya İlmen.
The audience hall of Süreyya Cinema was renovated in 1996, and the technical equipment was modernized with state of the art in 2003. Also the exterior of the building underwent a reconditioning in accordance with the original. However, all these efforts and the investments made for modernization did not bring the expected result to attract audience.
Redevelopment.
By the beginning of 2006, Kadıköy Municipality under Mayor Selami Öztürk launched a redevelopment project after leasing the building in August 2005 from Darüşşafaka Association for a term of 40 years. The restoration included the frescos at the ceiling and on the walls, and the sculptures on the facade. The construction works lasted almost two years and the cost amounted to around 14 million YTL (approx. $9m).
Süreyya Opera House reopened on December 14, 2007 performing the oratorio "Yunus Emre" (Opus 26) by Ahmet Adnan Saygun. Thus, Süreyya Pasha's dream of an opera house came true after 80 years.
The theatre stage has dimensions of 14 m width, 10 m depth and 4.90 m height with an orchestra pit added newly. There are 14 dressing rooms built without changing the architecture of the building. The audience capacity of the opera house is 570 seats. The ballroom on the second floor can accommodate 500 guests.
The opera house is home to Istanbul State Opera and Ballet. Opera and ballet performances are staged three days a week at the venue. The house hosts also events like arts exhibitions and festivities like the Republic Day Ball.

</doc>
<doc id="19899814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899814" title="Rogozino">
Rogozino

Rogozino is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Radzanowo, east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899816" title="Ślepkowo Królewskie">
Ślepkowo Królewskie

Ślepkowo Królewskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Radzanowo, east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899817" title="Ślepkowo Szlacheckie">
Ślepkowo Szlacheckie

Ślepkowo Szlacheckie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Radzanowo, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899818" title="Śniegocin">
Śniegocin

Śniegocin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Radzanowo, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899819" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899819" title="Stare Boryszewo">
Stare Boryszewo

Stare Boryszewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899821" title="Stróżewko, Masovian Voivodeship">
Stróżewko, Masovian Voivodeship

Stróżewko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has an approximate population of 200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899823" title="Szczytno (disambiguation)">
Szczytno (disambiguation)

Szczytno may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19899825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899825" title="Szczytno, Płock County">
Szczytno, Płock County

Szczytno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Radzanowo, east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899826" title="Trębin">
Trębin

Trębin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899827" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899827" title="Nick Higgs">
Nick Higgs

Nick Higgs is a former businessman, current chairman of Bristol Rovers Football Club, and a former Chief Executive of Cowlin Construction, a company now owned by Balfour Beatty.
Higgs stepped down as Chief Executive of Cowlin following its sale for £52 million in cash to Balfour Beatty in August 2007, at which point he was vice-chairman of Bristol Rovers. He became chairman of the football club twelve months later, in August 2008, when he replaced Ron Craig.

</doc>
<doc id="19899829" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899829" title="Wodzymin">
Wodzymin

Wodzymin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Radzanowo, east of Płock, and north-west of WarsawThe name comes from the latin word wood and minute.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899831" title="Wólka, Płock County">
Wólka, Płock County

Wólka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Radzanowo, east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 120.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899833" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899833" title="Woźniki, Płock County">
Woźniki, Płock County

Woźniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Radzanowo, east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899834" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899834" title="Woźniki-Paklewy">
Woźniki-Paklewy

Woźniki-Paklewy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899839" title="Alfonsów, Masovian Voivodeship">
Alfonsów, Masovian Voivodeship

Alfonsów (translation: "Pimps") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słubice, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899840" title="Budy, Płock County">
Budy, Płock County

Budy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słubice, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Słubice, south-east of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899841" title="Pasqual Scanu">
Pasqual Scanu

Pasqual Scanu (Alghero 1908 - Sassari 1978) was an Italian educator and writer in Catalan and Italian.
He studied in Rome and was a school teacher and later a school director in Province of Sassari (1937–1975). He was very interested in Catalan culture in Alghero and took part in almost all Catalan Floral Games since 1959.

</doc>
<doc id="19899842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899842" title="Grabowiec, Płock County">
Grabowiec, Płock County

Grabowiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słubice, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899844" title="Grzybów, Płock County">
Grzybów, Płock County

Grzybów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słubice, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899846" title="Jamno, Masovian Voivodeship">
Jamno, Masovian Voivodeship

Jamno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słubice, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899847" title="Juliszew">
Juliszew

Juliszew is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słubice, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Słubice, south-east of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899848" title="Łaziska, Płock County">
Łaziska, Płock County

Łaziska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słubice, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899849" title="Leonów, Płock County">
Leonów, Płock County

Leonów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słubice, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899850" title="Nowosiadło">
Nowosiadło

Nowosiadło is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słubice, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Słubice, south-east of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899852" title="Nowy Wiączemin">
Nowy Wiączemin

Nowy Wiączemin (German: "Deutsch Gensemin") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słubice, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899853" title="Nowy Życk">
Nowy Życk

Nowy Życk (German: "Deutsch Zyck") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słubice, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899856" title="Piotrkówek, Masovian Voivodeship">
Piotrkówek, Masovian Voivodeship

Piotrkówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słubice, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Słubice, south-east of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899857" title="Potok Biały">
Potok Biały

Potok Biały is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słubice, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Słubice, south-east of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899858" title="Rybaki, Masovian Voivodeship">
Rybaki, Masovian Voivodeship

Rybaki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słubice, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899859" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899859" title="Sady, Płock County">
Sady, Płock County

Sady (German: "Sade") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słubice, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899861" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899861" title="Słubice, Masovian Voivodeship">
Słubice, Masovian Voivodeship

Słubice (1943-1945, German "Schlaubitz") is a village in Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Słubice. It lies approximately south-east of Płock and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 2,200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899864" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899864" title="Świniary, Płock County">
Świniary, Płock County

Świniary is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słubice, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Słubice, south-east of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899866" title="Wiączemin Polski">
Wiączemin Polski

Wiączemin Polski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słubice, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Słubice, south-east of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899867" title="Wymyśle Polskie">
Wymyśle Polskie

Wymyśle Polskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słubice, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Słubice, south-east of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899869" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899869" title="Thomas Glemham">
Thomas Glemham

Sir Thomas Glemham (c. 1594 – 1649) was an English soldier, landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1621 and 1625. He was a commander in the Royalist army during the English Civil War.
Early life and career.
Glenham was the son of Sir Henry Glemham of Glemham Hall, Little Glemham in Suffolk. After studying at Trinity College, Oxford, he "betook himself to the German wars," serving in armies in Europe from 1610 to 1617. He was knighted on 10 September 1617. In 1621 he was elected MP for Reigate. He was elected MP for Aldeburgh in 1625 and 1626. He then took part as a Captain in the Duke of Buckingham's expedition to La Rochelle. He was captured by the French, but later released. He then served as JP and was involved in several lawsuits and scandals. 
In 1639, on the outbreak of the Second Bishops' War Glemham was commissioned a lieutenant-colonel. After the English defeat at the Battle of Newburn, he was Governor of Hull for several months, before returning to London in 1641.
First Civil War.
In early 1642, Glemham was part of King Charles's entourage in York. He re-entered Hull unannounced at the head of a large and prestigious party whose purpose was to recover the arms stored there after the Bishops' Wars. The pro-Parliamentarian Governor, Sir John Hotham, thwarted them by inviting them to a lengthy and pointless reception. The impatient King demanded entry to the city and was refused. He proclaimed Hotham a traitor, and Glemham's party was forced to leave.
Glemham remained in the north of England after the King moved south, and took part in the failed Siege of Hull (1642). In October 1642, he was appointed Governor of York, remaining there until November 1643 when he took command in Northumberland to face a possible invasion by Scottish Covenanters. The Scots did invade in January, 1644, in overwhelming strength, and Glemham had to retreat rapidly on the city of Newcastle upon Tyne and the main Royalist army under the Marquess of Newcastle.
The Marquess of Newcastle was himself forced to retreat to York when that city was threatened by Parliamentarian armies. When they arrived on 19 April, Glemham resumed his post as Governor (succeeding Sir John Belasyse, who had been captured earlier in the month). During the ensuing Siege of York, the Royalist garrison defended the city vigorously, and Glemham was credited with destroying a Parliamentarian mine under Walmgate Bar, by digging a counter-mine through which the attackers' mine was flooded. On 1 July the city was relieved by a Royalist army under Prince Rupert of the Rhine. Late the following day, the forces Rupert and Newcastle were decisively defeated at the Battle of Marston Moor. Newcastle went into exile in Hamburg, while Rupert returned south with the survivors of his army. Glemham was left with only 1500 men to defend York. He nevertheless held out until 16 July and obtained favourable terms from the besiegers. No Scottish troops were to enter the city, and such of the garrison as wished to continue to fight were allowed to march out with all the honours of war and were given safe passage to Skipton, where some men marched south to join the King's main forces while Glemham with some 200 "reformadoes" (officers from regiments which had been destroyed or disbanded) went to Carlisle.
Glemham was appointed Commander-in-Chief of the four northernmost counties of England, but effectively controlled only Carlisle itself. From October 1644 to June 1645, Carlisle was closely besieged by Scots under Major General Sir David Leslie. Glemham again maintained an active defence, repeatedly raiding the besiegers' lines. He finally capitulated when all supplies had been eaten and the garrison and townsfolk faced starvation. Leslie again granted favourable terms, allowing all the honours of war and escorting the garrison to Hereford where they might join the King.
Glemham was created D.C.L. at Oxford on 22 April 1645. In October 1645, he was appointed Governor of Oxford, the King's wartime capital. He made extensive preparations to withstand a lengthy siege although by this time, the King had very few forces left to him. In April 1646, the Parliamentarian Commander-in-Chief, Sir Thomas Fairfax, began the final Siege of Oxford. The King left Oxford in disguise. Glemham maintained a defence despite pressure from some of the King's Privy Councillors who were trapped in Oxford to surrender. Both negotiations for a surrender and a furious bombardment of the siege lines were continuing when a letter was received from King Charles, now a prisoner of the Scots, commanding Glemham to cease resistance. The garrison of 3,000 marched out with all honours of war and disbanded. After paying a fine of £951/15/0 to retain his estates, Glemham went into exile.
Second Civil War.
Glemham joined other prominent Royalists in Edinburgh in early 1648. In April, they crossed into England and began a Royalist uprising. Glemham once again took command at Carlisle. However, the Scots army which invaded England in their support was defeated at the Battle of Preston, and the bands of northern Royalists were soon suppressed. 
Glemham once again went into exile in 1648 and died in Holland in 1649.

</doc>
<doc id="19899871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899871" title="Życk Polski">
Życk Polski

Życk Polski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słubice, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899878" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899878" title="Barcikowo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Barcikowo, Masovian Voivodeship

Barcikowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupno, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Płock and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 190.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899881" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899881" title="Bielino Wirginia">
Bielino Wirginia

Bielino Wirginia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupno, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899882" title="Borowiczki-Pieńki">
Borowiczki-Pieńki

Borowiczki-Pieńki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupno, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899884" title="Cekanowo, Gmina Słupno">
Cekanowo, Gmina Słupno

Cekanowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupno, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899885" title="Kępa Ośnicka">
Kępa Ośnicka

Kępa Ośnicka is a former settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Słupno, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Płock and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899886" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899886" title="Liszyno">
Liszyno

Liszyno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupno, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899887" title="Mijakowo">
Mijakowo

Mijakowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupno, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Słupno, east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899888" title="Mirosław, Masovian Voivodeship">
Mirosław, Masovian Voivodeship

Mirosław is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupno, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Słupno, east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899889" title="Miszewko Strzałkowskie">
Miszewko Strzałkowskie

Miszewko Strzałkowskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupno, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Słupno, east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899890" title="Miszewko-Stefany">
Miszewko-Stefany

Miszewko-Stefany is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupno, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899891" title="Nowe Gulczewo">
Nowe Gulczewo

Nowe Gulczewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupno, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899892" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899892" title="Ramutowo">
Ramutowo

Ramutowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupno, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899893" title="Rydzyno">
Rydzyno

Rydzyno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupno, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899895" title="Carl Brenders">
Carl Brenders

Carl Brenders (born 1937) is a naturalist and painter, born near Antwerp, Belgium. The painter is most famous for his detailed and lifelike paintings of wildlife.
Some of the artist's accomplishments include illustrations of wildlife for "La vie secrete des betes", a book series (published in English as "Nature's Hidden World"), and being named the 24th Master Artist at the 2002 "Birds in Art" Exhibition at Leigh Yawkey Woodson Art Museum in Wausau, Wisconsin. His art is the subject of the books, "Wildlife: The Nature Paintings of Carl Brenders", "Song of Creation", and "Pride of Place: The Art of Carl Brenders". 
30 of the artist's works were a part of the major retrospective exhibition "Artistry in Nature: The Wildlife Paintings of Carl Brenders" which opened at the Carnegie Museum of Natural History in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and then traveled to Cleveland, Ohio, Louisville, Kentucky, and Shreveport, Louisiana.
An extensive gallery of his work can be viewed online at The Southern Gallery

</doc>
<doc id="19899896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899896" title="Sambórz, Masovian Voivodeship">
Sambórz, Masovian Voivodeship

Sambórz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupno, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Płock and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899899" title="Słupno, Płock County">
Słupno, Płock County

Słupno is a village in Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Słupno. It lies approximately south-east of Płock and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 790.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899900" title="Stare Gulczewo">
Stare Gulczewo

Stare Gulczewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupno, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899901" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899901" title="Święcieniec">
Święcieniec

Święcieniec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupno, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Płock and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899902" title="Szeligi, Płock County">
Szeligi, Płock County

Szeligi is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupno, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899905" title="Wykowo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Wykowo, Masovian Voivodeship

Wykowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupno, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Słupno, south-east of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899908" title="Biała, Masovian Voivodeship">
Biała, Masovian Voivodeship

Biała is a village in Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Stara Biała. It lies approximately north-west of Płock and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899909" title="Bronowo Kmiece">
Bronowo Kmiece

Bronowo Kmiece is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Biała, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899910" title="Bronowo-Zalesie">
Bronowo-Zalesie

Bronowo-Zalesie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Biała, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899911" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899911" title="Brwilno, Gmina Stara Biała">
Brwilno, Gmina Stara Biała

Brwilno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Biała, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Biała, west of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899913" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899913" title="Dziarnowo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Dziarnowo, Masovian Voivodeship

Dziarnowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Biała, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Płock and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899914" title="Aspidotis densa">
Aspidotis densa

Aspidotis densa is a species of fern known by the common name Indian's dream. It is native to western North America from British Columbia to California to Wyoming, as well as parts of eastern North America including Quebec. 
It grows in rocky areas; in California it is often a member of the serpentine soils flora on rocky mountain slopes. 
This fern has leaves on long petioles, with the blade occupying less than half of the total length of the leaf when including the petiole. The fertile and sterile leaves may look alike or slightly different. The leaf blade is triangular and composed of many leaflets which are subdivided into untoothed segments. The segments are lined with sori over which the edges of the leaf are folded to form a false indusium.

</doc>
<doc id="19899915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899915" title="Kamionki, Masovian Voivodeship">
Kamionki, Masovian Voivodeship

Kamionki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Biała, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Biała, north of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899916" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899916" title="Kobierniki, Masovian Voivodeship">
Kobierniki, Masovian Voivodeship

Kobierniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Biała, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Płock and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 250.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899917" title="Kowalewko, Płock County">
Kowalewko, Płock County

Kowalewko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Biała, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899919" title="Kruszczewo">
Kruszczewo

Kruszczewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Biała, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Biała, north of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899920" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899920" title="Ludwikowo, Płock County">
Ludwikowo, Płock County

Ludwikowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Biała, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Biała, north-west of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899923" title="Mańkowo, Płock County">
Mańkowo, Płock County

Mańkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Biała, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899927" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899927" title="Maszewo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Maszewo, Masovian Voivodeship

Maszewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Biała, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Biała, west of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899928" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899928" title="Maszewo Duże">
Maszewo Duże

Maszewo Duże is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Biała, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Płock and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 1,400.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899931" title="Miłodróż">
Miłodróż

Miłodróż is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Biała, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Biała, north of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899933" title="Nowa Biała, Masovian Voivodeship">
Nowa Biała, Masovian Voivodeship

Nowa Biała is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Biała, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899934" title="Nowe Bronowo">
Nowe Bronowo

Nowe Bronowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Biała, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899935" title="Nowe Draganie">
Nowe Draganie

Nowe Draganie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Biała, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899936" title="Nowe Proboszczewice">
Nowe Proboszczewice

Nowe Proboszczewice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Biała, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Płock and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899938" title="Nowe Trzepowo">
Nowe Trzepowo

Nowe Trzepowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Biała, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899939" title="Ogorzelice">
Ogorzelice

Ogorzelice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Biała, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899941" title="Srebrna, Płock County">
Srebrna, Płock County

Srebrna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Biała, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Biała (the gmina seat), north-west of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899942" title="Stara Biała">
Stara Biała

Stara Biała is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Biała, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Płock and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899943" title="Stare Draganie">
Stare Draganie

Stare Draganie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Biała, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899944" title="Stare Proboszczewice">
Stare Proboszczewice

Stare Proboszczewice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Biała, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Płock and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899946" title="Trzebuń, Masovian Voivodeship">
Trzebuń, Masovian Voivodeship

Trzebuń is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Biała, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Biała (the gmina seat), north of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899947" title="Ulaszewo">
Ulaszewo

Ulaszewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Biała, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Płock and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899948" title="Włoczewo">
Włoczewo

Włoczewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Biała, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Płock and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899949" title="Wyszyna">
Wyszyna

Wyszyna may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19899950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899950" title="Wyszyna, Masovian Voivodeship">
Wyszyna, Masovian Voivodeship

Wyszyna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Biała, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Biała (the gmina seat), north-west of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899962" title="Aleksandrowo, Płock County">
Aleksandrowo, Płock County

Aleksandrowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Staroźreby, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899966" title="Begno, Płock County">
Begno, Płock County

Begno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899968" title="Bromierz, Masovian Voivodeship">
Bromierz, Masovian Voivodeship

Bromierz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Staroźreby, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899971" title="Bromierzyk, Płock County">
Bromierzyk, Płock County

Bromierzyk is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Staroźreby, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899972" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899972" title="Brudzyno">
Brudzyno

Brudzyno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899973" title="Bylino">
Bylino

Bylino is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Staroźreby, east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899974" title="Dąbrusk">
Dąbrusk

Dąbrusk is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899975" title="Dłużniewo Duże">
Dłużniewo Duże

Dłużniewo Duże is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Staroźreby, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899981" title="Falęcin, Płock County">
Falęcin, Płock County

Falęcin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Staroźreby, east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 100.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899982" title="Góra, Płock County">
Góra, Płock County

Góra is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Staroźreby, east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899984" title="Goszczyno">
Goszczyno

Goszczyno may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19899985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899985" title="Goszczyno, Masovian Voivodeship">
Goszczyno, Masovian Voivodeship

Goszczyno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899986" title="Karwowo-Podgórne">
Karwowo-Podgórne

Karwowo-Podgórne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899988" title="Kierz, Masovian Voivodeship">
Kierz, Masovian Voivodeship

Kierz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899989" title="Krzywanice, Masovian Voivodeship">
Krzywanice, Masovian Voivodeship

Krzywanice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Staroźreby, east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899990" title="Krzywanice-Trojany">
Krzywanice-Trojany

Krzywanice-Trojany is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899992" title="Marychnów">
Marychnów

Marychnów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899993" title="Mieczyno">
Mieczyno

Mieczyno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Staroźreby, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 130.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899994" title="Mikołajewo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Mikołajewo, Masovian Voivodeship

Mikołajewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Staroźreby, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899995" title="John Whiston">
John Whiston

John Reginald Harvey Whiston OBE (3 January 1893 – 1956) was Associate Professor of Applied Chemistry at the Royal Military College of Science, with a particular interest in explosives.
Life.
Whiston grew up in Nottingham before studying at Jesus College, Oxford. He was commissioned as a Second Lieutenant on 3 October 1914, having previously been a Cadet Serjeant in the Senior Division of the Oxford University Contingent of the Officers Training Corps. He served in the Royal Air Force during the First World War and was a member of the scientific staff at Netheravon. In 1922, Whiston joined the chemistry department of the Royal Military College of Science, becoming Associate Professor in 1936. After the Second World War, he became Associate Professor of Applied Chemistry, a new post. He was also active in the work of the Institution of Professional Civil Servants. He specialized in the study of service explosives. He published papers with, amongst others, David Chapman, the Chemistry Fellow at Jesus College. He was made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire. His obituary in "The Times" on 5 March 1956 noted that he had "died recently at the age of 63."

</doc>
<doc id="19899996" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899996" title="Mrówczewo">
Mrówczewo

Mrówczewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899998" title="Nowa Wieś, Gmina Staroźreby">
Nowa Wieś, Gmina Staroźreby

Nowa Wieś is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19899999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19899999" title="Nowe Staroźreby">
Nowe Staroźreby

Nowe Staroźreby is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="19900000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900000" title="Nowe Żochowo">
Nowe Żochowo

Nowe Żochowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has an approximate population of 88.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900001" title="Nowy Bromierz">
Nowy Bromierz

Nowy Bromierz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900002" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900002" title="Nowy Bromierzyk">
Nowy Bromierzyk

Nowy Bromierzyk is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900003" title="Opatówiec">
Opatówiec

Opatówiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Staroźreby, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900005" title="Ostrzykówek">
Ostrzykówek

Ostrzykówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900006" title="Piączyn">
Piączyn

Piączyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Staroźreby, east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 120.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900007" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900007" title="Płonna, Masovian Voivodeship">
Płonna, Masovian Voivodeship

Płonna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Staroźreby, east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900009" title="Przeciszewo">
Przeciszewo

Przeciszewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Staroźreby, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900010" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900010" title="Przeciszewo-Kolonia">
Przeciszewo-Kolonia

Przeciszewo-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900011" title="Przedbórz, Masovian Voivodeship">
Przedbórz, Masovian Voivodeship

Przedbórz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Staroźreby, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900012" title="Przedpełce">
Przedpełce

Przedpełce is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Staroźreby, east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900013" title="Rogowo, Gmina Staroźreby">
Rogowo, Gmina Staroźreby

Rogowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900016" title="Rostkowo, Płock County">
Rostkowo, Płock County

Rostkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900017" title="Rostkowo-Orszymowice">
Rostkowo-Orszymowice

Rostkowo-Orszymowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900019" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900019" title="Sarzyn">
Sarzyn

Sarzyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900020" title="Sędek, Masovian Voivodeship">
Sędek, Masovian Voivodeship

Sędek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Staroźreby, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900023" title="Słomkowo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Słomkowo, Masovian Voivodeship

Słomkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Staroźreby, east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900024" title="Smardzewo">
Smardzewo

Smardzewo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19900025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900025" title="Smardzewo, Płock County">
Smardzewo, Płock County

Smardzewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Staroźreby, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900026" title="Staroźreby-Hektary">
Staroźreby-Hektary

Staroźreby-Hektary is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900027" title="Stoplin">
Stoplin

Stoplin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Staroźreby, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900030" title="Strzeszewo, Płock County">
Strzeszewo, Płock County

Strzeszewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900033" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900033" title="Szulbory">
Szulbory

Szulbory is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Staroźreby, east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900035" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900035" title="Teodorowo, Płock County">
Teodorowo, Płock County

Teodorowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Staroźreby, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900036" title="Worowice-Wyroby">
Worowice-Wyroby

Worowice-Wyroby is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Staroźreby, north-east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900038" title="Zdziar Mały">
Zdziar Mały

Zdziar Mały is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Staroźreby, east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900039" title="Zdziar Wielki">
Zdziar Wielki

Zdziar Wielki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Staroźreby, east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900041" title="Zdziar-Las">
Zdziar-Las

Zdziar-Las is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900042" title="Żochowo Stare">
Żochowo Stare

http://www.johnkneski.com/kuzniewski/
Żochowo Stare is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
Excerpt from the Kuzniewski-Kuzniewski Website: The original church was plundered on July 5, 1410 by a Lithuanian army of roughly 12,000 under the command of Vytautas the Great - traveling, ironically, with a Polish army of roughly 20,000 under the command of Władysław II Jagiełło - passing through in full battle armor. They were on a 20 mile trek from Żochowo Stare to the south of Koziebrody (where the army camped the nights of the 3rd and 4th) to Jeżewo-Wesel to the north on way to The Battle of Grunwald. The fact that Koziebrody was under the authority of the Castellan of Raciąz, which attempted to remain neutral in the ongoing conflict between Poland/Lithuania and the Order of the Teutonic Knights, and had in fact negotiated a settlement between the two authorities only six years earlier as a neutral agent, was no doubt a factor in the attack on Koziebrody. The battle of Grunwald, fought nine days later on July 15, was one of the largest battles in Medieval Europe and is regarded as the most important victory in the history of Poland and Lithuania. The parish declined for ten years until the church was reconstructed and reconsecreated on December 13, 1420.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900047" title="Asplenium septentrionale">
Asplenium septentrionale

Asplenium septentrionale is a species of fern known by the common names northern spleenwort and forked spleenwort. It is native to western North America, Europe, and Asia, where it grows on rocks. Its long, slender leaves give it a distinctive appearance, more like a grass than a typical fern. Three subspecies exist, corresponding to a tetraploid and a diploid cytotype and their triploid hybrid.
Description.
"Asplenium septentrionale" is a small fern which grows in dense clusters superficially resembling tufts of grass. The long, dark stems support narrow, leathery leaf blades, which may appear slightly forked at the tip. The fronds are monomorphic, with no difference in shape or size between fertile and sterile fronds.
The rhizome from which the many leaves of each plant spring is about 1 millimetre in diameter, and covered with scales. The scales are narrowly triangular, and range in color from black to a dark reddish-brown. They are long, 0.3 to 0.6 millimetres wide, and entire (untoothed) at the edges. The stipes (stems below the leaf blade) are reddish-brown at the base, fading to green above. They range from in length, and are about 2 to 5 times the length of the leaf blade itself.
The leaf blades are narrow, with parallel edges following the stem, ranging from in length and in width. They come to a point at both base and tip, and have a leathery texture. They are often divided into pinnae (leaflets) near the tip, usually two (but sometimes four). These pinnae are sharply angled towards the tip of the blade, giving it a forked appearance. They also come to a point at the tip, and have a few widely spaced, irregular teeth. The rachis (central axis of the leaf) is green and shiny, and the leaves, including the rachis, are free of hairs or scales. Fertile and sterile fronds are the same in appearance; in fertile fronds, the sori are linear, parallel to the edges of the pinna, usually two or more per pinna. The sori are covered by thin, pale tan indusia, with entire edges. It contains 64 spores per sporangium, and most sporophytes have a chromosome number of 2"n"=144 (a tetraploid).
Individual plants have an abundant number of leaves, forming dense tufts from a rhizome of about 1 millimetre in diameter, and sometimes mats on flat rocks.
"A. septentrionale" is easily distinguished from other related ferns by its narrow blades, often forked at the tip. The presence of sori on fertile leaves distinguishes it from the vegetative material of a grass or sedge.
Taxonomy.
Originally named "Acrostichum septentrionale" by Linnaeus in 1753, the species was placed in genus "Asplenium" by Georg Franz Hoffmann in 1796. In 1980, the discovery of diploid specimens prompted the division of the species into "A. septentrionale" subsp. "septentrionale", the tetraploid population, and "A. septentrionale" subsp. "caucasicum", the diploid population. The diploids are limited to southwest Asia, while the tetraploid population has a circumboreal distribution. The tetraploid subspecies is believed to have arisen from the diploid subspecies by autopolyploidy. The two subspecies are very similar in form, but can be distinguished by the narrower blades of "A. septentrionale" subsp. "caucasicum" (to wide) and its smaller spores (averaging 34 μm in diameter). In 2003, Ronald Viane and Tadeus Reichstein elevated this subspecies to a species, as "A. caucasicum", and described a sterile triploid formed by hybridization of the tetraploid and diploid, identifiable by its abortive spores. They designated the hybrid "A. ×dirense". However, in his taxonomic revision of Indian pteridophytes, Christopher Fraser-Jenkins reduced all of these taxa to subspecific rank, with the hybrid "A. ×dirense" becoming the nothosubspecies "A. septentrionale" subsp. "rehmanii".
"Asplenium septentrionale" can hybridize with maidenhair spleenwort ("A. trichomanes") to form the hybrid "A. × alternifolium", with "A. foreziense" to form "A. × costei", with black spleenwort ("A. adiantum-nigrum") to form "A. × contrei", with "A. obovatum" subsp. "lanceolatum" to form "A. × souchei", and with wall-rue ("A. ruta-muraria") to form "A. × murbeckii" and "A. × tavelio". "A. × murbeckii" can back-cross with "A. septentrionale" to form "A. × hungaricum".
Distribution and habitat.
"Asplenium septentrionale" subsp. "septentrionale" is found in Europe and Asia from the Macaronesian Islands east through Europe, western Asia, the former USSR, northern India, parts of western and central China (Xinjiang, Tibet, and Shaanxi), and Taiwan. It is also found in North America, principally in the Rocky Mountains of the western United States, but also in the Black Hills of South Dakota - Wyoming. It also occurs in the mountains of the Cascade Range and the Sierra Nevada, from Oregon south through California into Baja California. Populations occur to the eastward in western Texas and near the tip of the Oklahoma Panhandle, and two very disjunct stations have been located on shale in Monroe County and Hardy County, West Virginia.
"Asplenium septentrionale" subsp. "caucasicum" has been reported from Georgia, Iran, Pakistan and Turkey. The type specimen of "A. septentrionale" subsp. "rehmanii" came from Pakistan, near the Lowari Pass.
"Asplenium septentrionale" is epipetric and can be found in crevices of rocks, around boulders, and on cliffs. It can be found on a variety of substrates, including granitic rocks and limestone. The West Virginia stations are on shale. In the United States, it can be found growing at altitudes from .
Cultivation.
"Asplenium septentrionale" is hardy to USDA Zone 4. It is best grown in partial sun or medium light in moist to dry potting mix. It requires good drainage and little watering. Sensitive to root disturbance, it is difficult to transplant and establish, and is rarely sold by nurseries.

</doc>
<doc id="19900048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900048" title="Bielice, Płock County">
Bielice, Płock County

Bielice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszogród, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Wyszogród, east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 70.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900049" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900049" title="Bolino">
Bolino

Bolino is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszogród, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900051" title="Chmielewo, Płock County">
Chmielewo, Płock County

Chmielewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszogród, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900052" title="Ciućkowo">
Ciućkowo

Ciućkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszogród, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Wyszogród, south-east of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900054" title="Drwały, Gmina Wyszogród">
Drwały, Gmina Wyszogród

Drwały is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszogród, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900055" title="Gródkówko">
Gródkówko

Gródkówko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszogród, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Wyszogród, south-east of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900058" title="Grodkowo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Grodkowo, Masovian Voivodeship

Grodkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszogród, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Wyszogród, east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900059" title="Kobylniki, Masovian Voivodeship">
Kobylniki, Masovian Voivodeship

Kobylniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszogród, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Wyszogród, east of Płock, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900060" title="Marcjanka, Masovian Voivodeship">
Marcjanka, Masovian Voivodeship

Marcjanka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszogród, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Wyszogród, south-east of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900061" title="Pozarzyn">
Pozarzyn

Pozarzyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszogród, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900062" title="Pruszczyn">
Pruszczyn

Pruszczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszogród, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900067" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900067" title="Rakowo, Płock County">
Rakowo, Płock County

Rakowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszogród, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village is laid out in an east-west line, between the Vistula River (to the south) and the Zakroczym-Płock road (to the north). It is west of the village of Drwały.
Rakowo was first mentioned in 1426. Olendrzy, German settlers, settled there at the end of the 18th century. In 1888, it had 25 houses, 311 residents and 711 morgens of land (including 107 morgens of wasteland). It also had a watermill. As is typical of Olender villages, the majority of homesteads are situated on man-made hillocks. Several examples of traditional buildings remain, as well as remnants of the Lutheran (Evangelical Augsbergian) cemetery.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900069" title="Rębowo">
Rębowo

Rębowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19900070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900070" title="Rębowo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Rębowo, Masovian Voivodeship

Rębowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszogród, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Wyszogród, south-east of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 680.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900073" title="Rostkowice, Masovian Voivodeship">
Rostkowice, Masovian Voivodeship

Rostkowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszogród, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900075" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900075" title="Słomin, Płock County">
Słomin, Płock County

Słomin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszogród, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900077" title="Starzyno, Masovian Voivodeship">
Starzyno, Masovian Voivodeship

Starzyno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszogród, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900078" title="Wiązówka, Masovian Voivodeship">
Wiązówka, Masovian Voivodeship

Wiązówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszogród, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900080" title="Wilczkowo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Wilczkowo, Masovian Voivodeship

Wilczkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszogród, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Wyszogród, south-east of Płock, and west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900087" title="Holton Windmill">
Holton Windmill

Holton Windmill is a Grade II listed post mill at Holton St. Peter, Suffolk, England which has been preserved as a landmark.
History.
Holton Mill was built in 1749 by John Swann. It was owned by William Fiske until he died in 1761, and was then purchased by Brame Oxford. When he was declared bankrupt in 1781 the mill was acquired by James Tillot. It then passed to John Tillot, who died in 1835. The mill was then put up for auction, and was for the first time described as having a roundhouse. It was bought by Samuel Wilkinson, a miller from Blythburgh. Wilkinson sold the mill to John Youngs on Wenhaston in 1851. Youngs died in 1861 and the mill was sold to Andrew Johnstone of Holton Hall. He in turn sold it to Thomas Buxton in 1863. The mill was again for sale in 1886. An engine shed indicated that an auxiliary engine was employed at that time. The mill was last worked in 1910. The mill was then largely stripped of machinery and used as a summer house. A fantail was added about this time.
The mill became derelict over the years, until it was purchased by Colonel T S Irwin in 1947. In 1949 the Holton Mill Preservation Fund Committee was formed, and some repairs were carried out. East Suffolk County Council was leased the mill in the mid 1960s and restoration commenced in 1963.
The restoration was carried out by Mr and Mrs H Fisk, Marcus Cook and Chris Hullcoop. The mill was repainted, with paint donated by ICI. The Society for the Protection of Ancient Buildings entered into talks with East Suffolk County Council and a small grant was given to the volunteers. In 1964, Stanley Freese joined the team. The fantail was repaired and the Spring sails were dismantled as they were unsafe. Neville Martin, the Beccles millwright, inspected the mill for the Ministry of Works. As the mill was not structurally sound enough to be a working mill, it was decided to restore it as a landmark. Four Common sails were fitted; these are lighter than Spring sails. The body of the mill was reinforced by a cantilever beam to support the prick post added when the head of the mill was extended.
By late 1965, the wind could turn the remaining pair of sails. In 1966 there were further repairs, including a complete new roof, reboarding the mill and repairs to the floors. Four new Common sails were fitted. East Suffolk County Council took a new 50-year lease on the mill in March 1968. In 1992, new replica Spring sails were fitted to the mill.
Description.
Holton Windmill was built as an open trestle post mill. A roundhouse was added by 1835. The mill was originally hand winded. A Fantail was added and the mill was also worked by a steam engine. The mill has been extended at the head and the tail. The mill has one pair of Common sails and one pair of Spring sails. Only the cast iron windshaft and Brake Wheel remain of the internal machinery. The roundhouse appears from the outside to have only one storey, but it has been excavated internally to provide two storeys.
Millers.
Reference for above:- 
Public access.
The exterior of "Holton Mill" is open to the public (courtesy of the landowner) and occasionally the interior.

</doc>
<doc id="19900089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900089" title="Edmond Brazès">
Edmond Brazès

Edmond Brazès (Céret (Pyrénées-Orientales), 1893 – 10 June 1980) was a French writer in both Catalan and French.
He worked as a barber and in his spare time, he wrote poems, tales, theatre plays and memories as a hobby. He worked for 40 years in the magazine La Tramontane. 
Although he had not a high education, he became a well-known writer and was the secretary in the Floral Games of la Ginesta d'Or . 
He took part in the foundation Roussillon's Catalan Studies Group (Grup Rossellonès d'Estudis Catalans, GREC). The publication Terra Nostra and the publishing company el Trabucaire published his complete work in 2003.

</doc>
<doc id="19900092" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900092" title="Baboszewo">
Baboszewo

Baboszewo is a village in Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Baboszewo. It lies approximately north-west of Płońsk and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 1,800.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900094" title="Bożewo, Płońsk County">
Bożewo, Płońsk County

Bożewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900097" title="Brzeście, Masovian Voivodeship">
Brzeście, Masovian Voivodeship

Brzeście is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Baboszewo, west of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900098" title="Brzeście Małe">
Brzeście Małe

Brzeście Małe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900099" title="Brzeście Nowe">
Brzeście Nowe

Brzeście Nowe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900100" title="Budy Radzymińskie">
Budy Radzymińskie

Budy Radzymińskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Baboszewo, north of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900101" title="Cieszkowo Nowe">
Cieszkowo Nowe

Cieszkowo Nowe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Baboszewo, north-west of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900102" title="Cieszkowo Stare">
Cieszkowo Stare

Cieszkowo Stare is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Baboszewo, north-west of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900104" title="Cieszkowo-Kolonia">
Cieszkowo-Kolonia

Cieszkowo-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900105" title="Cywiny Wojskie">
Cywiny Wojskie

Cywiny Wojskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Baboszewo, north-west of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900107" title="Cywiny-Dynguny">
Cywiny-Dynguny

Cywiny-Dynguny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900108" title="Dłużniewo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Dłużniewo, Masovian Voivodeship

Dłużniewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Baboszewo, north of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900110" title="Dramin">
Dramin

Dramin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Baboszewo, north-west of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 230.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900111" title="Dziektarzewo">
Dziektarzewo

Dziektarzewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Baboszewo, north of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 190.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900112" title="Giorgi Merebashvili">
Giorgi Merebashvili

Giorgi Merebashvili (Georgian: გიორგი მერებაშვილი; born 15 August 1986 in Tbilisi) is a Georgian footballer who plays as a midfielder for FC Dinamo Tbilisi.
Club career.
Merebashvili began his professional career in 2005 with FC Dinamo Tbilisi. He played there for five seasons, making 108 league appearances and scored 36 goals. During the 2008–09 season he was, along with team-mate Ilija Spasojević, the club's top scorer in that season, with 13 goals, quite an achievement for a midfielder.
In January 2010, he moved to Serbian club FK Vojvodina where he joined his compatriot Mikheil Khutsishvili. He immediately entered into the first team finishing the half season with 15 appearances, with Vojvodina finishing fifth in the league. In the Cup they reached the 2009–10 Serbian Cup final against Red Star Belgrade.
During the 2010–11 Serbian SuperLiga Merebashvili became the anchor of the team. He ended the season with 25 appearances and his scoring skills came out again, as he scored 7 goals in the league during the season. Vojvodina finished the season in 3rd place, and they lost the 2010–11 Serbian Cup final in a polemical match against FK Partizan in which his team left the pitch in the 80th minute because of dubious referee decisions.
International career.
Merebashvili earned his first cap with the Georgian national team against Portugal in Viseu on 31 May 2008. Since then, Merebashvili became a usual presence in the team by counting 15 appearances by end of 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19900113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900113" title="Galomin">
Galomin

Galomin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Baboszewo, north-west of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900114" title="Galominek">
Galominek

Galominek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Baboszewo, north-west of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900116" title="Galominek Nowy">
Galominek Nowy

Galominek Nowy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900118" title="Goszczyce Poświętne">
Goszczyce Poświętne

Goszczyce Poświętne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Baboszewo, north of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900119" title="Goszczyce Średnie">
Goszczyce Średnie

Goszczyce Średnie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Baboszewo, north of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900120" title="Jarocin (disambiguation)">
Jarocin (disambiguation)

Jarocin may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19900121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900121" title="Man in the Dark (novel)">
Man in the Dark (novel)


</doc>
<doc id="19900124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900124" title="Jarocin, Masovian Voivodeship">
Jarocin, Masovian Voivodeship

Jarocin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Baboszewo, north-west of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900125" title="Jesionka, Płońsk County">
Jesionka, Płońsk County

Jesionka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900126" title="Kiełki">
Kiełki

Kiełki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900127" title="Korzybie, Płońsk County">
Korzybie, Płońsk County

Korzybie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Baboszewo, west of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900128" title="Kowale, Masovian Voivodeship">
Kowale, Masovian Voivodeship

Kowale is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900129" title="Krościn">
Krościn

Krościn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900131" title="Kruszewie">
Kruszewie

Kruszewie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900132" title="Lachówiec">
Lachówiec

Lachówiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900134" title="Lutomierzyn">
Lutomierzyn

Lutomierzyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900135" title="Mystkowo">
Mystkowo

Mystkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Baboszewo, north-west of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900138" title="Niedarzyn, Masovian Voivodeship">
Niedarzyn, Masovian Voivodeship

Niedarzyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Baboszewo, north-west of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has an approximate population of 200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900141" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900141" title="Pawłowo, Płońsk County">
Pawłowo, Płońsk County

Pawłowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900143" title="Pieńki Rzewińskie">
Pieńki Rzewińskie

Pieńki Rzewińskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900144" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900144" title="Polesie, Płońsk County">
Polesie, Płońsk County

Polesie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Baboszewo, north of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900146" title="Rybitwy, Masovian Voivodeship">
Rybitwy, Masovian Voivodeship

Rybitwy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Baboszewo, north-west of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900147" title="Rzewin">
Rzewin

Rzewin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Baboszewo, north-west of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900150" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900150" title="Sarbiewo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Sarbiewo, Masovian Voivodeship

Sarbiewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Baboszewo, north of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 200.
On February 24, 1595 Maciej Kazimierz Sarbiewski, Polish author and most prominent Latin poet born here (d. 1640). 
In Sarbiewo take place "International Days of Maciej Kazimierz Sarbiewski, SI" - festival of poetry.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900152" title="Sokolniki Nowe">
Sokolniki Nowe

Sokolniki Nowe is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900153" title="Sokolniki Stare">
Sokolniki Stare

Sokolniki Stare is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900154" title="Śródborze, Płońsk County">
Śródborze, Płońsk County

Śródborze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.

</doc>
<doc id="19900155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900155" title="Wola Dłużniewska">
Wola Dłużniewska

Wola Dłużniewska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Baboszewo, north of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900156" title="Wola-Folwark">
Wola-Folwark

Wola-Folwark is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900158" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900158" title="Zbyszyno">
Zbyszyno

Zbyszyno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Baboszewo, west of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900163" title="Asplenium vespertinum">
Asplenium vespertinum

Asplenium vespertinum is a species of fern known by the common name western spleenwort. It is native to southern California and Baja California, where it grows in moist, shady, rocky places, such as the shadows beneath cliff overhangs. 
The leaves grow in dense clusters and are up to about 30 centimeters long. Each is made up of 20 to 30 narrow leaflets with lobed edges. There are a few sori on the underside of each leaflet.

</doc>
<doc id="19900166" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900166" title="Chociszewo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Chociszewo, Masovian Voivodeship

Chociszewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, south of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900167" title="Garwolewo">
Garwolewo

Garwolewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, south of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900168" title="Gawarzec Dolny">
Gawarzec Dolny

Gawarzec Dolny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, south of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900169" title="Gawarzec Górny">
Gawarzec Górny

Gawarzec Górny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, south of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900170" title="Goławin">
Goławin

Goławin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, south of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900172" title="Goworowo, Płońsk County">
Goworowo, Płońsk County

Goworowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900174" title="Grodziec, Masovian Voivodeship">
Grodziec, Masovian Voivodeship

Grodziec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, south of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 190.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900175" title="Janikowo (disambiguation)">
Janikowo (disambiguation)

Janikowo is a town in Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship (north-central Poland).
Janikowo may also refer to the following places in Poland:

</doc>
<doc id="19900177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900177" title="Janikowo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Janikowo, Masovian Voivodeship

Janikowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, south of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900178" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900178" title="Chimney (disambiguation)">
Chimney (disambiguation)

A chimney is a conduit for exhausting combustion gases up into open air.
Chimney or Chimneys may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19900180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900180" title="Karnkowo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Karnkowo, Masovian Voivodeship

Karnkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, south of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900181" title="Komsin">
Komsin

Komsin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, south of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900183" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900183" title="Kuchary-Skotniki">
Kuchary-Skotniki

Kuchary-Skotniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900185" title="Terry Isaac">
Terry Isaac

Terry Isaac (born 1958) is an American painter from Salem, Oregon who is known for his realism paintings of wildlife. In 2007, he moved to Canada. He has a gallery in Penticton, British Columbia.
His work has been exhibited at the Leigh Yawkey Woodson Art Museum and the Saint George Art Museum. In 1998, he was named "Artist of the Year" Florida Wildlife Expo and Pacific Rim Wildlife Art Show. In 1999 he was named Friend of the National Zoo "Artist of the Year" and was named Special Guest Artist at the Southeastern Wildlife Expo in 2000. He was commissioned to create 14 renderings for the "Audubon Bird Handbook", and is the author of "Painting the Drama of Wildlife Step by Step". His work is included in the books "Painting Birds Step by Step", "The Best of Wildlife Art", and "More Wildlife Painting Techniques of Modern Masters".
Isaac was hired as a visual consultant to create the concept art for the main character in the Disney movie "Dinosaur".

</doc>
<doc id="19900186" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900186" title="Łbowo">
Łbowo

Łbowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900188" title="Miączyn, Masovian Voivodeship">
Miączyn, Masovian Voivodeship

Miączyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, south of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900191" title="Miączynek, Masovian Voivodeship">
Miączynek, Masovian Voivodeship

Miączynek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, south of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900193" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900193" title="Nieborzyn, Płońsk County">
Nieborzyn, Płońsk County

Nieborzyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, south of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900195" title="Nowe Przybojewo">
Nowe Przybojewo

Nowe Przybojewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, south of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900196" title="Nowe Radzikowo">
Nowe Radzikowo

Nowe Radzikowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900197" title="Nowy Boguszyn">
Nowy Boguszyn

Nowy Boguszyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900199" title="Osiek, Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą">
Osiek, Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą

Osiek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900200" title="Parlin, Płońsk County">
Parlin, Płońsk County

Parlin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, south of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900203" title="Radzikowo Scalone">
Radzikowo Scalone

Radzikowo Scalone is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, south of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900205" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900205" title="Raszewo Dworskie">
Raszewo Dworskie

Raszewo Dworskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900206" title="Raszewo Włościańskie">
Raszewo Włościańskie

Raszewo Włościańskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900209" title="Roguszyn, Płońsk County">
Roguszyn, Płońsk County

Roguszyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900210" title="Sielec, Płońsk County">
Sielec, Płońsk County

Sielec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, south of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900212" title="Stare Przybojewo">
Stare Przybojewo

Stare Przybojewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900213" title="Stare Radzikowo">
Stare Radzikowo

Stare Radzikowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900214" title="Stary Boguszyn">
Stary Boguszyn

Stary Boguszyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900215" title="Stobiecin">
Stobiecin

Stobiecin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900216" title="Wilkówiec">
Wilkówiec

Wilkówiec is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900217" title="Wilkowuje">
Wilkowuje

Wilkowuje is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, south of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900218" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900218" title="Wola, Masovian Voivodeship">
Wola, Masovian Voivodeship

Wola is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, south of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900219" title="Bill Reinhold">
Bill Reinhold

Bill Reinhold (born March 18, 1955) is an American comic book artist, known primarily as an inker.
Career.
Reinhold is a 1982 graduate of the American Academy of Art in downtown Chicago.
Reinhold has been drawing and inking comic books professionally since 1981. He's done work most notably for First Comics, Marvel Comics, and DC Comics. Reinhold is known mostly for drawing characters such as The Badger, Punisher, Batman, and Silver Surfer. The bulk of his comic work doing pencils was with the writer Mike Baron. In 1993 they co-created a series called "Spyke" that was originally published by Epic/Marvel.
As a comic book inker he has worked with other artists on Marvel Comics books such as "Daredevil", the Earth-X trilogy, "The Hulk", and "The Amazing Spider-Man". At DC Comics he has done inking on comic series "Challengers of The Unknown", "The Book Of Fate", "Batman, "Green Arrow", and "Brave And The Bold".
Some artists inked by Reinhold include- Jon Bogdanove, Steve Ditko, George Freeman, Ron Garney, Keith Giffen, Adam Kubert, John Paul Leon, Doug Braithwaite, Ron Lim, Lan Medina, Steve Rude, Ryan Sook, Jill Thompson, Ron Wagner, and many more. 
Bill Reinhold is married to Linda Lessmann Reinhold, longtime comic-book colorist for companies such as Marvel Comics, and First comics. Much of his work was colored by Linda. They live about 50 miles northwest of Chicago, Illinois.

</doc>
<doc id="19900220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900220" title="Wólka Przybójewska">
Wólka Przybójewska

Wólka Przybójewska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 360.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900222" title="Wychódźc">
Wychódźc

Wychódźc is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, south of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 340.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900223" title="Zarębin">
Zarębin

Zarębin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900225" title="Zdziarka">
Zdziarka

Zdziarka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, south of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900230" title="Błomino Gumowskie">
Błomino Gumowskie

Błomino Gumowskie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900231" title="Błomino-Gule">
Błomino-Gule

Błomino-Gule is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900233" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900233" title="Błomino-Jeże">
Błomino-Jeże

Błomino-Jeże is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900234" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900234" title="Chrościn">
Chrościn

Chrościn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900235" title="Cumino">
Cumino

Cumino is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900237" title="Dzierzążnia">
Dzierzążnia

Dzierzążnia is a village in Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Dzierzążnia. It lies approximately west of Płońsk and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900240" title="Gumowo, Płońsk County">
Gumowo, Płońsk County

Gumowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900241" title="Kadłubowo">
Kadłubowo

Kadłubowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Dzierzążnia, west of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900242" title="Korytowo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Korytowo, Masovian Voivodeship

Korytowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Dzierzążnia, west of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900243" title="Kucice">
Kucice

Kucice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Dzierzążnia, south-west of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900244" title="Niwa, Masovian Voivodeship">
Niwa, Masovian Voivodeship

Niwa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900245" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900245" title="Nowa Dzierzążnia">
Nowa Dzierzążnia

Nowa Dzierzążnia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900246" title="Nowe Gumino">
Nowe Gumino

Nowe Gumino is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900247" title="Nowe Kucice">
Nowe Kucice

Nowe Kucice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900248" title="Nowe Sarnowo">
Nowe Sarnowo

Nowe Sarnowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. Despite being founded for a significant period of time, its population has remained low. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900250" title="Pluskocin, Masovian Voivodeship">
Pluskocin, Masovian Voivodeship

Pluskocin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900251" title="Podmarszczyn">
Podmarszczyn

Podmarszczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Dzierzążnia, south-west of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900252" title="Tiny Tears">
Tiny Tears

Tiny Tears was a doll manufactured by the American Character Doll Company. She was introduced in 1950 and remained in production through 1968. Her distinguishing feature was her ability to shed tears from two tiny holes on either side of her nose when her stomach was pressed after being filled with water from her baby bottle. In 1959 Tiny Tears acquired "rock-a-bye" eyes that slowly closed when she was laid horizontally and gently rocked.
Tiny Tears was sold in a pink and white checked dress or a romper with a baby bottle and a small pipe that blew bubbles when filled with a soapy solution and inserted into the doll's open mouth. A layette and cradle were available separately.
Tiny Tears became one of the most popular dolls of the 1950s. Her success was due in part to television ads featuring a young Patty Duke that aired on popular children's shows such as the highly influential "Ding Dong School" with Miss Frances.

</doc>
<doc id="19900253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900253" title="Pomianowo">
Pomianowo

Pomianowo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19900254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900254" title="Pomianowo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Pomianowo, Masovian Voivodeship

Pomianowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900257" title="Przemkowo">
Przemkowo

Przemkowo may refer to the following places in Poland:

</doc>
<doc id="19900260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900260" title="Przemkowo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Przemkowo, Masovian Voivodeship

Przemkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Dzierzążnia, south-west of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900261" title="Rakowo, Płońsk County">
Rakowo, Płońsk County

Rakowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Dzierzążnia, west of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 50.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900263" title="Sadkowo">
Sadkowo

Sadkowo may refer to the following places in Poland:

</doc>
<doc id="19900264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900264" title="Sadkowo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Sadkowo, Masovian Voivodeship

Sadkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900265" title="Sarnowo-Góry">
Sarnowo-Góry

Sarnowo-Góry is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900266" title="Siekluki, Masovian Voivodeship">
Siekluki, Masovian Voivodeship

Siekluki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Dzierzążnia, west of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900267" title="Skołatowo">
Skołatowo

Skołatowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Dzierzążnia, west of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900269" title="Starczewo Wielkie">
Starczewo Wielkie

Starczewo Wielkie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Dzierzążnia, west of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900271" title="Starczewo-Pobodze">
Starczewo-Pobodze

Starczewo-Pobodze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900272" title="Stare Gumino">
Stare Gumino

Stare Gumino is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900274" title="Wierzbica Pańska">
Wierzbica Pańska

Wierzbica Pańska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Dzierzążnia, west of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 130.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900275" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900275" title="Wierzbica Szlachecka">
Wierzbica Szlachecka

Wierzbica Szlachecka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900277" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900277" title="WMR">
WMR

WMR may refer to:
In Rail transport:
WMR may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19900278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900278" title="Wilamowice, Masovian Voivodeship">
Wilamowice, Masovian Voivodeship

Wilamowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Dzierzążnia, south-west of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900286" title="Adamowo, Gmina Joniec">
Adamowo, Gmina Joniec

Adamowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Joniec, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900288" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900288" title="Joniec">
Joniec

Joniec is a village in Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Joniec. It lies approximately east of Płońsk and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 270.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900290" title="Joniec-Kolonia">
Joniec-Kolonia

Joniec-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Joniec, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Płońsk and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 120.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900293" title="Józefowo, Płońsk County">
Józefowo, Płońsk County

Józefowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Joniec, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Joniec, south-east of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900294" title="Krajęczyn">
Krajęczyn

Krajęczyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Joniec, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Płońsk and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 180.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900296" title="Cesáreo Gabaráin">
Cesáreo Gabaráin

Cesáreo Gabaráin (April 30, 1936 – April 20, 1991) was a Spanish priest and composer of liturgical songs such as "Pescador de hombres" ("Fisher of Men"). He received a Gold Record award in Spain, and his music is well known and sung by Spanish speaking people. He became a hymn-writer when he was thirty and then wrote about five hundred of them. He was trying to write songs that were easy to learn and sing by the entire congregation. His hymns support moments of personal and communal prayer and praise to God.
He was born in Hernani (Guipúzcoa) in 1936. In addition to music, he studied at the Seminary in Zaragoza and at the Seminario Mayor de San Sebastian, from 1946 to 1952. He became a priest in 1959. In the 60's and 70's, he was a chaplain at a colleges and nursing homes. In the 80's, He was an assistant priest in his parish in Madrid and head of a religious department at a college. In 1991, when he was 55 he died of cancer.
Pope John Paul II's Chaplain Prelate, He had 37 albums. He conducted workshops in 22 U.S. cities before dying in Anzuola in 1991. He ministered to cyclists participating in the Tour de France and other athletes. Five of his hyms are in the United Methodist Hymnal, the most popular of which is “Fisher of Men,” with its gentle melody. The hymn was used in two movies. When a tour guide in Palestine said the hymn occurred by Lake Tiberias, the priest smiled. He wrote it in Madrid. “Fisher of Men” has been translated into more than 80 languages.
Demos Gracias.
After his death, a new verse to "Demos gracias al Señor" was sung by a children's quior: ". . . morning-time the birdies they sing the admirations . . . my brother because don't you sing the admirations . . . Let's give thankfulness . . ." A youth pastor was playing his guitar and children were still singing a tune written in 1973.
500 Songs for Evangelism.
He was born in the town of Hernani located in Basque Country, northern Spain. He studied music. He went to school to become a priest in the city of San Sebastián on the northern coast of Spain near France. After the Second Vatican Council (1962–65) on church policy, he was allowed a new freedom in hymn-writing style. His songs were often inspired by people he met. He wanted to use song to save more souls. He wrote about 500 songs. He wrote the songs as a teaching tool for church school. He also wrote them to help missionaries. His personal favorites were “Fisher of men” and “Together like brothers” because they were popular. He met Pope John Paul II who liked “Fisher of men”.

</doc>
<doc id="19900297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900297" title="Królewo">
Królewo

Królewo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19900298" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900298" title="Królewo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Królewo, Masovian Voivodeship

Królewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Joniec, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Joniec, east of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900299" title="Ludwikowo, Płońsk County">
Ludwikowo, Płońsk County

Ludwikowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Joniec, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900303" title="Nowa Wrona, Płońsk County">
Nowa Wrona, Płońsk County

Nowa Wrona is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Joniec, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900305" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900305" title="Omięciny">
Omięciny

Omięciny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Joniec, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900306" title="Osiek, Gmina Joniec">
Osiek, Gmina Joniec

Osiek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Joniec, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Joniec, east of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900307" title="Anna Polony">
Anna Polony

Anna Polony (born 21 January 1939 in Cracow) is a Polish theatre and film actress. Later into her career she has also been active as a theatre director.
She studied acting in Państwowa Wyższa Szkoła Teatralna im. Ludwika Solskiego (The Ludwik Solski State Theatre School) in Cracow and graduated in 1960. Additionally she studied theatrical directing in the School and graduated in 1984.
Polony's theatrical debut was Jerzy Kaliszewski's adaptation of Jean Giraudoux's play "Wojny trojańskiej nie będzie" (The Trojan War Will Not Take Place) in 1959 at the Stary Teatr in Cracow. She was engaged with the theatre from 1964 to 2002. She collaborated in several plays with a renown Polish director Konrad Swinarski. 
Her career has begun in 1974 when she directed William Gibson's "Two for the Seesaw". Later she became one of the most prominent directors of the Old Theare. Throughout the 1980s and 1990s Polony as theatre director she gained nationwide recognition and success.
The most notable plays she directed include: Harold Pinter's The Birthday Party", Sławomir Mrożek's "Wdowy", and Shakespeare's "The Taming of the Shrew".

</doc>
<doc id="19900308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900308" title="Popielżyn Górny">
Popielżyn Górny

Popielżyn Górny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Joniec, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Płońsk and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900309" title="Popielżyn-Zawady">
Popielżyn-Zawady

Popielżyn-Zawady is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Joniec, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900310" title="Proboszczewice">
Proboszczewice

Proboszczewice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Joniec, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has an approximate population of 200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900312" title="Sobieski, Masovian Voivodeship">
Sobieski, Masovian Voivodeship

Sobieski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Joniec, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900314" title="Soboklęszcz, Płońsk County">
Soboklęszcz, Płońsk County

Soboklęszcz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Joniec, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has an approximate population of 200.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900315" title="Stara Wrona">
Stara Wrona

Stara Wrona is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Joniec, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900316" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900316" title="Szumlin">
Szumlin

Szumlin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Joniec, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Płońsk and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900323" title="Beszyno">
Beszyno

Beszyno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Naruszewo, south-west of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900325" title="Dłutowo">
Dłutowo

Dłutowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Naruszewo, south of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900326" title="Drochówka">
Drochówka

Drochówka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900327" title="Drochowo">
Drochowo

Drochowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900330" title="Grąbczewo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Grąbczewo, Masovian Voivodeship

Grąbczewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Naruszewo, south of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900332" title="Januszewo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Januszewo, Masovian Voivodeship

Januszewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Naruszewo, south of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900335" title="Kębłowice, Masovian Voivodeship">
Kębłowice, Masovian Voivodeship

Kębłowice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Naruszewo, south of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900336" title="Kozarzewo">
Kozarzewo

Kozarzewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Naruszewo, south-west of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900337" title="List of A14 roads">
List of A14 roads

This is a list of roads designated A14.

</doc>
<doc id="19900338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900338" title="Krysk">
Krysk

Krysk is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Naruszewo, south of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900339" title="Krysk Nowy">
Krysk Nowy

Krysk Nowy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900340" title="Łazęki">
Łazęki

Łazęki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Płońsk and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900341" title="List of A15 roads">
List of A15 roads

This is a list of roads designated A15. Entries are sorted in alphabetical order by name of country.

</doc>
<doc id="19900342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900342" title="Michałowo, Płońsk County">
Michałowo, Płońsk County

Michałowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Naruszewo, south-west of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900346" title="Nacpolsk">
Nacpolsk

Nacpolsk is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Płońsk and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 840.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900347" title="Naruszewo">
Naruszewo

Naruszewo is a village in Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Naruszewo. It lies approximately south of Płońsk and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900350" title="Nowe Naruszewo">
Nowe Naruszewo

Nowe Naruszewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900352" title="Nowy Nacpolsk">
Nowy Nacpolsk

Nowy Nacpolsk is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Płońsk and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 83.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900353" title="List of A18 roads">
List of A18 roads

This is a list of roads designated A18. Roads are sorted in the countries alphabetical order.

</doc>
<doc id="19900354" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900354" title="Pieścidła">
Pieścidła

Pieścidła is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Płońsk and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 180.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900356" title="Postróże">
Postróże

Postróże is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900357" title="List of A19 roads">
List of A19 roads

This is a list of roads designated A19. Roads are sorted in the countries' alphabetical order.

</doc>
<doc id="19900358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900358" title="Potyry">
Potyry

Potyry is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Płońsk and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900362" title="Rąbież, Płońsk County">
Rąbież, Płońsk County

Rąbież is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Płońsk and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 120.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900363" title="Radzymin, Płońsk County">
Radzymin, Płońsk County

Radzymin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Naruszewo, south of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900365" title="Radzyminek">
Radzyminek

Radzyminek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Płońsk and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 60.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900367" title="Skarboszewo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Skarboszewo, Masovian Voivodeship

Skarboszewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900370" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900370" title="Skarszyn, Masovian Voivodeship">
Skarszyn, Masovian Voivodeship

Skarszyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
The village has a population of 230.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900372" title="Skwary, Masovian Voivodeship">
Skwary, Masovian Voivodeship

Skwary is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900373" title="Taras Hunczak">
Taras Hunczak

Taras Hunczak (; born on March 13, 1932 in Pidhaytsi, near Tarnopol, Poland, now Ternopil Oblast, Ukraine) is a historian and professor emeritus at Rutgers University in Newark, New Jersey. He lectures in Ukrainian, Russian, and East-European history.
Dr. Hunczak has written extensively on Ukrainian history, the twentieth century in particular. 
Early life and education.
Dr Hunczak gained his undergraduate degree at Fordham University, New York in 1955. He gained his Master's Degree on 1958, also at Fordham. On 1965, he earned his Ph.D. at the Vienna University.
Career.
Dr. Hunczak began lecturing at Rutgers University on 1960. Between 1960 and 1984 he was a member of the Rutgers University Senate. He became Professor Emeritus on 2004.
From 1991, also Dr. Hunczak has been a professor at the National Taras Shevchenko University of Kyiv.
Publications.
Dr. Hunczak's publications include: 
Publications in Ukrainian include: 

</doc>
<doc id="19900374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900374" title="Sobanice">
Sobanice

Sobanice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Płońsk and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900375" title="Sosenkowo">
Sosenkowo

Sosenkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Płońsk and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900376" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900376" title="Srebrna, Płońsk County">
Srebrna, Płońsk County

Srebrna is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Naruszewo, south of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900377" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900377" title="Stachowo, Płońsk County">
Stachowo, Płońsk County

Stachowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Naruszewo, south-west of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900378" title="Stary Nacpolsk">
Stary Nacpolsk

Stary Nacpolsk is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900379" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900379" title="Strzembowo">
Strzembowo

Strzembowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Płońsk and north-west of Warsaw.
The Strzembowo Castle - This aristocratic residence of 19th century is located 68 kilometers out of the Warsaw city line. The construction started in 1870 ordered by duke Hazynski of the Shielings. Designed by Victor Shroter one of the most prosperous Russian architects of that time, whose name is famous worldwide after he created the Vorontsov Palace in Alupka. Originally this area emplaced a 17th-century wooden manor, 1939 to 1940 a German military base located here. From 1949 the palace became an elementary school, where teachers were also housed. And since 2003 a private investor begun the restoration of this glamorous venue.
Situated on a small hill the palace is surrounded by an old English park where diverse and valuable are trees surround the lake. The Western wing of the mansion is adjacent to meadows. The palace completes the beauty of this park with exquisite harmony. The lake is the basis of the visual display of the entire estate, bridging the park encircling it and the castle ascending over it. The lake and surrounding park were cleared and renovated in 2005.
The Palace - The central part of the palace is decorated with a two-storey arcade structure. Unusual for the Polish architectural incline, this neat element was borrowed from the Eastern style. The Oriental motifs, fashionable at the time the building was constructed, manifested in the application of exotic elements in the facade composition. Similar tender blend of two different schools of design are seen in the Dzyalinski Palace in Arkugov and the Vorontsov Palace in Alupka (Crimea). The house in built of brick, plastered, decorated with stucco. The total area reaches about 1000 square meters. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900380" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900380" title="Troski">
Troski

Troski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900381" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900381" title="Wichorowo">
Wichorowo

Wichorowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900382" title="Wola-Krysk">
Wola-Krysk

Wola-Krysk is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900383" title="Wróblewo, Płońsk County">
Wróblewo, Płońsk County

Wróblewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Naruszewo, south-west of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900384" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900384" title="Wronino">
Wronino

Wronino is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Naruszewo, south-west of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900385" title="Zaborowo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Zaborowo, Masovian Voivodeship

Zaborowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Płońsk and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900386" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900386" title="Żukowo (disambiguation)">
Żukowo (disambiguation)

Żukowo may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19900388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900388" title="Christopher Mellon">
Christopher Mellon

Christopher K. Mellon born 1957, son of Karl N. Mellon, the great-grandson of Gulf Oil co-founder William Larimer Mellon. A descendant of "Judge" Thomas Mellon, founder of Mellon Bank.
Mr. Mellon received his Bachelor of Arts Degree in Economics at Colby College in 1980. He earned his Masters Degree from Yale University in International Relations, with a concentration in finance and management 1984.
Christopher Mellon is a vicepresident of SIMtone, Inc.
Mr. Mellon served for 12 years in a variety of positions on Capitol Hill including nearly 10 years as a professional staff member as a Staff Director of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence.
Christopher Mellon served as the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Intelligence from November 1999 until Jan 2002. From June 1998 through November 1999, Mr. Mellon served as the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Security and Information Operations. In that capacity he was responsible for policy and programmatic oversight of information assurance, critical infrastructure protection, security, counterintelligence, and information operations strategy and integration. Mr. Mellon went to the Pentagon as a member of Secretary Cohen's transition team on January 2, 1997. Following the transition, Mr. Mellon was appointed as the Coordinator for Advanced Concepts and Program Integration, Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, concentrating on encryption and information assurance issues. From November 1997 to June 1998, he served as the Special Assistant to the Secretary of Defense for Intelligence Policy, providing advice on a range of intelligence issues. Before joining SIMtone Mr. Mellon returned to Capitol Hill where he served as the Minority Staff Director of the Senate Intelligence Committee for Senator John D. Rockefeller, IV from 2002-2004.
Notes.
1."Panelist," "Harvard Law School"
References.
1. "Mellons* in Pittsburgh," "Pittsburgh Post-Gazette"
2. Fitzpatrick, Dan, "Mellon family's legacy lives on," "Pittsburgh Post-Gazette"

</doc>
<doc id="19900389" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900389" title="Żukowo, Płońsk County">
Żukowo, Płońsk County

Żukowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Naruszewo, south-west of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900390" title="Żukowo-Poświętne">
Żukowo-Poświętne

Żukowo-Poświętne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Naruszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900394" title="Adamowo, Gmina Nowe Miasto">
Adamowo, Gmina Nowe Miasto

Adamowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900396" title="Aleksandria, Płońsk County">
Aleksandria, Płońsk County

Aleksandria is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900400" title="Anielin, Płońsk County">
Anielin, Płońsk County

Anielin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900403" title="Czarnoty, Płońsk County">
Czarnoty, Płońsk County

Czarnoty is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Nowe Miasto, east of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900405" title="Gawłówek, Masovian Voivodeship">
Gawłówek, Masovian Voivodeship

Gawłówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900407" title="Gawłowo">
Gawłowo

Gawłowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900409" title="Gościmin Wielki">
Gościmin Wielki

Gościmin Wielki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900412" title="Grabie, Masovian Voivodeship">
Grabie, Masovian Voivodeship

Grabie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Nowe Miasto, east of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900415" title="Gucin, Płońsk County">
Gucin, Płońsk County

Gucin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900418" title="Henrykowo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Henrykowo, Masovian Voivodeship

Henrykowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900423" title="Janopole, Płońsk County">
Janopole, Płońsk County

Janopole is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900425" title="Jurzyn">
Jurzyn

Jurzyn may refer to the following places:

</doc>
<doc id="19900426" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900426" title="Jurzyn, Masovian Voivodeship">
Jurzyn, Masovian Voivodeship

Jurzyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900427" title="Jurzynek">
Jurzynek

Jurzynek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900430" title="Karolinowo, Gmina Nowe Miasto">
Karolinowo, Gmina Nowe Miasto

Karolinowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900433" title="Kubice, Masovian Voivodeship">
Kubice, Masovian Voivodeship

Kubice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900435" title="Latonice">
Latonice

Latonice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900437" title="Miszewo B">
Miszewo B

Miszewo B is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900440" title="Miszewo Wielkie">
Miszewo Wielkie

Miszewo Wielkie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Nowe Miasto, east of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900441" title="Modzele-Bartłomieje">
Modzele-Bartłomieje

Modzele-Bartłomieje is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900443" title="Nowe Miasto-Folwark">
Nowe Miasto-Folwark

Nowe Miasto-Folwark is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900445" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900445" title="Nowosiółki, Masovian Voivodeship">
Nowosiółki, Masovian Voivodeship

Nowosiółki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900447" title="Popielżyn Dolny">
Popielżyn Dolny

Popielżyn Dolny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Płońsk and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900449" title="Przepitki">
Przepitki

Przepitki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900452" title="Rostki, Płońsk County">
Rostki, Płońsk County

Rostki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Nowe Miasto, east of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900454" title="Salomonka">
Salomonka

Salomonka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900456" title="Szczawin, Płońsk County">
Szczawin, Płońsk County

Szczawin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Nowe Miasto, east of Płońsk, and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900458" title="Tomaszewo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Tomaszewo, Masovian Voivodeship

Tomaszewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900460" title="Arnold Kirkeby">
Arnold Kirkeby

Arnold Kirkeby (June 12, 1901 – March 1, 1962) was an American hotelier, art collector and real estate investor.
He is now best known for owning the mansion in the West Los Angeles suburb of Bel-Air, which was the exterior set for the CBS TV show "The Beverly Hillbillies".
Biography.
Arnold S. Kirkeby was born on June 12, 1901, in Chicago, Illinois, and died in March 1962 in the American Airlines plane crash just after leaving New York known as American Airlines Flight 1.
TV fans will note that Kirkeby owned the stately mansion used for the hit CBS sitcom "The Beverly Hillbillies" exterior shots, located at 750 Bel Air Road, Bel Air, California. Series producer Paul Henning paid the family (Mr. Kirkeby was killed in a plane crash prior to the series debut) $500 per day for filming on the mansion's grounds. The mansion's interior and rear were duplicated on Stage 4 at General Service Studios. Contractual provisions at the time prevented disclosure of the mansion's address in press releases and required restoration of the grounds after each shoot. The mansion had been previously used by Jerry Lewis for 1960's "Cinderfella." 
The son of Norwegian immigrants, he was married to Carlotta Cuesta, the daughter of Angel LaMadrid Cuesta, founder of the Cuesta-Rey Cigar Company based in Tampa, Florida.
Arnold Kirkeby was the founder of the Kirkeby Hotel chain, beginning in Chicago with the Drake Hotel, and ending his hotel interests when he sold the Beverly Wilshire in Beverly Hills, CA.
After selling the hotel, he then invested in the Janss Brothers' Westwood, Los Angeles, California development in 1959. As part of this project, Kirkeby broke ground on the Kirkeby Center on Wilshire Boulevard in 1960, but died in the crash of American Airlines Flight 1 on March 1, 1962, before the building was completed. 
The Kirkeby Center is now known as the Occidental Petroleum headquarters, and is also now the home of the Armand Hammer museum.
Hotels.
The Kirkeby Hotel organization included: 
External links.
Ron Fields Designs: Memories of Westwood [http://www.ronfieldsdesigns.com/rc_article.php?idArticle=50]

</doc>
<doc id="19900462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900462" title="Władysławowo, Płońsk County">
Władysławowo, Płońsk County

Władysławowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900464" title="Wólka Szczawińska">
Wólka Szczawińska

Wólka Szczawińska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Płońsk and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900465" title="Zakobiel">
Zakobiel

Zakobiel is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900466" title="Zasonie">
Zasonie

Zasonie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Płońsk and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900467" title="68 Pages">
68 Pages

68 Pages is a 2007 Indian film about an HIV/AIDS counselor and five of her counselees who are from marginalized communities. The film is directed by Sridhar Rangayan and produced by Humsafar Trust in association with Solaris Pictures. It had its world premiere at the International Film Festival of Kerala and then has screened at several international film festivals. It won the Silver Remi award at WorldFest Houston International Film Festival 2008, USA. The film was also screened in the Pink Ribbon Express, a National AIDS Control Organisation initiative.
The film weaves together five empathetic Mumbai-based short stories revolving around people living with AIDS from some of the marginalised sections of society like a sex worker, a transsexual bar dancer and a gay couple. The common thread is hope.
Overview.
A transsexual bar dancer, a sex worker, a gay couple — characters often ignored by Bollywood — take center stage to tell their stories of pain and trauma, of happiness and hope. Coming from a country like India that is still in denial, "68 Pages" exposes the shallowness of society to reveal how it stigmatizes and shuns those who have HIV or even those who just want to be what they are. This film deals with the issues of stigma and discrimination faced by people affected by HIV/AIDS from marginalized groups.
The film was produced with support from Department for International Development (DFID), UK. It was made as an advocacy effort to support the National AIDS Control Organisation (NACO) in National AIDS Control Programme, Phase III. In Phase III it was decided that the female sex workers, intravenous drug users, homosexuals and transgender will be considered core groups and HIV projects will start up at a rapid scale in the next five years with these groups.
In the next five years of NACP-III, this film is scheduled to screen all over the country to people who affect the lives of people with HIV and general populations in an attempt to bring a change in the attitude of the people towards people living with HIV.
The film has also been mandatory resource material for all counselor training programmes in India by NACO.
Plot.
A counselor’s ethics demand that she maintain confidentiality, be objective and not get emotional. But for a sensitive young woman like Mansi it is difficult to remain unaffected. Her true feelings are reflected in 68 pages of her personal diary.
Through these pages we see the stories of Paayal, a commercial sex worker; Nishit, an intravenous drug user; Kiran, a gay man; and Umrao, a transsexual bar dancer — stories of being marginalized and discriminated before and after becoming getting HIV. These stories have the capacity to touch, heal, change lives and hopefully bring about a better understanding of their fight to live with dignity.

</doc>
<doc id="19900469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900469" title="Zawady B">
Zawady B

Zawady B is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900470" title="Zawady Stare">
Zawady Stare

Zawady Stare ("Old Zawady") is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900471" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900471" title="Żołędowo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Żołędowo, Masovian Voivodeship

Żołędowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Miasto, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900479" title="Arcelin">
Arcelin

Arcelin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Płońsk and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900481" title="Bogusławice, Płońsk County">
Bogusławice, Płońsk County

Bogusławice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900482" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900482" title="Bońki">
Bońki

Bońki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900484" title="Brody, Płońsk County">
Brody, Płońsk County

Brody is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Płońsk and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900486" title="Cempkowo">
Cempkowo

Cempkowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Płońsk and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900489" title="Cholewy, Płońsk County">
Cholewy, Płońsk County

Cholewy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Płońsk and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900491" title="Cieciórki">
Cieciórki

Cieciórki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900492" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900492" title="Ćwiklin">
Ćwiklin

Ćwiklin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Płońsk and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900493" title="Ćwiklinek">
Ćwiklinek

Ćwiklinek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Płońsk and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900495" title="Dalanówko">
Dalanówko

Dalanówko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900496" title="Ilinko">
Ilinko

Ilinko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately west of Płońsk and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900497" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900497" title="Jeżewo, Płońsk County">
Jeżewo, Płońsk County

Jeżewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south of Płońsk and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900498" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900498" title="Kluczewo">
Kluczewo

Kluczewo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19900499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900499" title="Kluczewo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Kluczewo, Masovian Voivodeship

Kluczewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900501" title="Kownaty, Płońsk County">
Kownaty, Płońsk County

Kownaty is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Płońsk and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 100.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900503" title="Koziminy-Stachowo">
Koziminy-Stachowo

Koziminy-Stachowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Płońsk and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 110.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900505" title="Krępica, Masovian Voivodeship">
Krępica, Masovian Voivodeship

Krępica is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Płońsk and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900507" title="Lisewo (disambiguation)">
Lisewo (disambiguation)

Lisewo is a village in Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship (north-central Poland).
Lisewo may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19900510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900510" title="Lisewo, Masovian Voivodeship">
Lisewo, Masovian Voivodeship

Lisewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Płońsk and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 240.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900512" title="Michalinek">
Michalinek

Michalinek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Płońsk and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900513" title="Michowo">
Michowo

Michowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Płońsk and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900518" title="Młyńsk, Masovian Voivodeship">
Młyńsk, Masovian Voivodeship

Młyńsk is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Płońsk and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900519" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900519" title="Nowe Koziminy">
Nowe Koziminy

Nowe Koziminy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Płońsk and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 90.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900520" title="Pilitowo">
Pilitowo

Pilitowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900522" title="Poczernin, Masovian Voivodeship">
Poczernin, Masovian Voivodeship

Poczernin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Płońsk and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900525" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900525" title="Pruszyn, Płońsk County">
Pruszyn, Płońsk County

Pruszyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900527" title="Raźniewo">
Raźniewo

Raźniewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900529" title="Siedlin">
Siedlin

Siedlin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Płońsk and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900531" title="Skarzyn">
Skarzyn

Skarzyn may refer to the following places in Poland:

</doc>
<doc id="19900532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900532" title="Skarzyn, Masovian Voivodeship">
Skarzyn, Masovian Voivodeship

Skarzyn is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Płońsk and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900533" title="Skrzynki, Masovian Voivodeship">
Skrzynki, Masovian Voivodeship

Skrzynki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900535" title="Słoszewo">
Słoszewo

Słoszewo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900536" title="Słoszewo-Kolonia">
Słoszewo-Kolonia

Słoszewo-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Płońsk and north-west of Warsaw.
The village has a population of 90.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900538" title="Stare Koziminy">
Stare Koziminy

Stare Koziminy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900539" title="Strachówko">
Strachówko

Strachówko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900540" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900540" title="Strachowo">
Strachowo

Strachowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900542" title="Strubiny, Płońsk County">
Strubiny, Płońsk County

Strubiny is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately east of Płońsk and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900543" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900543" title="Szeromin">
Szeromin

Szeromin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900544" title="Szerominek">
Szerominek

Szerominek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900545" title="Szpondowo">
Szpondowo

Szpondowo is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900547" title="Szymaki, Masovian Voivodeship">
Szymaki, Masovian Voivodeship

Szymaki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately north of Płońsk and north-west of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900550" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900550" title="Woźniki, Płońsk County">
Woźniki, Płońsk County

Woźniki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900551" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900551" title="Wroninko">
Wroninko

Wroninko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19900553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19900553" title="Zawady, Płońsk County">
Zawady, Płońsk County

Zawady is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.
References.
<br>

</doc>
