<doc id="19837556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837556" title="USS Wabanquot (YTB-525)">
USS Wabanquot (YTB-525)

USS "Wabanquot" (YTB-525), later YTM-525, was a tug that served in the United States Navy from 1945 to 1976.
"Wabanquot" was a "Hisada"-class tug laid down in May 1945 at Jacksonville, Florida, by the Gibbs Gas Engine Company. She was launched on 9 August 1945, sponsored by Mrs. G. W. Scott, Jr., and delivered to the U.S. Navy on 13 November 1945.
Originally intended for World War II service in the Western Pacific, "Wabanquot" instead was assigned to the 11th Naval District at San Diego, California, because the war had ended before her completion. She was transferred to the United States Atlantic Fleet in 1947 and was placed in reserve status with the 16th Fleet.
In 1948, "Wabanquot" was assigned to the 3rd Naval District. She provided towing services and pilot assistance at New York City from 1948 to 1976. In February 1962, she was reclassified as a medium harbor tug and redesignated YTM-525.
"Wabanquot" was struck from the Navy list in April 1976.
Lately she was acquired by a Southamerican shipowner, renamed "Vikingo". Nowadays she is operated by Three Rivers Towing, in Paraguay River basin.

</doc>
<doc id="19837562" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837562" title="Jamie Speare">
Jamie Speare

James "Jamie" Speare (born 5 November 1976 in Liverpool, Merseyside) is an English footballer playing as a goalkeeper.
Career.
Having left Everton F.C. as a trainee in 1997, Speare joined Darlington F.C. making two appearances in the 1996-97 season. He then moved over to Ireland and joined Sligo Rovers F.C..
Following a move to then non-league side Accrington Stanley in 1998, Speare played in almost 300 games over a 6-year period until the summer of 2004.
Speare has since appeared for a number of lower league clubs including Southport F.C., Lancaster City F.C. and Barrow A.F.C. amongst others.
Following a goalkeeper injury crisis at Accrington Stanley in the winter of 2008 Speare re-joined the club on a short term contract, despite not making an appearance he was a regular on the substitutes bench until his release in January 2009.
In November 2011 following an injury to Ian Dunbavin Speare re-joined the club for a third time on another short term deal, making the substitutes bench again on 12 November 2011 in a 1st Round FA Cup tie against Notts County F.C.
On 12th October 2013, Jamie joined Cammell Laird as a goalkeeping coach.

</doc>
<doc id="19837565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837565" title="Yitzhak Ziv">
Yitzhak Ziv

Yitzhak Ziv (, born 11 November 1937) is an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Gil between 2006 and 2009.
Biography.
Born in Tel Aviv during the Mandate era, Ziv today lives in Ramat Gan, and is widowed with three children. 
For the 2006 Knesset elections he was placed fourth on the Gil list, and became a Knesset member when the party won seven seats. During his term he served as Deputy Speaker of the Knesset.
He lost his seat in the 2009 elections when the party failed to cross the electoral threshold.

</doc>
<doc id="19837567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837567" title="So Anxious">
So Anxious

"So Anxious" is a song by R&B singer Ginuwine. It was the third single released from his second album "100% Ginuwine". In the music video Ginuwine drives a Lamborghini Diablo roadster vt. Produced by Timbaland and written by Static Major, "So Anxious" was Ginuwine's second Top 20 pop hit, and peaked into the Top 5 on the R&B charts. The song describes the narrator anxiously waiting on his lover all night to return his calls so that she can meet him for romance. The music video directed by Chris Robinson (director) featured an appearance by rapper Solé and was known for changing Ginuwine's hairstyle from a baby afro to a cornrow fade. Ginuwine began dating Solé soon after the video was filmed and they wed in 2003.
Single track listing.
CD single

</doc>
<doc id="19837580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837580" title="List of The X Factor finalists (UK series 5)">
List of The X Factor finalists (UK series 5)

The fifth UK series of The X Factor was broadcast on ITV. The series began on 16 August 2008 and finished on 13 December 2008 with a grand finale. After the audition process, 12 finalists were selected and split into four categories. Each category was mentored by one of the show's judges. Simon Cowell mentored the Boys, Cheryl Cole mentored the Girls, Dannii Minogue mentored the Over 25s and Louis Walsh mentored the Groups. In the final, Alexandra Burke was declared the winner, JLS were the runners-up and Eoghan Quigg finished in third place.
After winning the show, Alexandra Burke released her debut single "Hallelujah", and in October 2009, she released her debut album "Overcome". Despite finishing second, JLS signed a record deal with Epic Records and released their debut album "JLS" in November 2009 and their second album Outta This World a year later. They are currently writing their third album. Eoghan Quigg was signed to RCA Records, however, after poor sales he was dropped from the label. Ruth Lorenzo has been signed to EMI Records and is set to release her debut album in 2011. Diana Vickers was signed to RCA Records and released her debut album Songs From The Tainted Cherry Tree in May 2010, which reached number 1, as did her debut single, Once. Her follow-up singles achieved similar success and she is currently writing songs for her second album, due for a summer 2011 release.
Series 5 has been one of the most successful UK X Factor years, with Alexandra Burke, JLS, Diana Vickers, Ruth Lorenzo and Laura White all having careers after the show and becoming some of the most notable X Factor contestants of all time.
Boys.
Contestants in this category were males aged between 16 and 24.
Austin Drage.
Austin Leigh Drage (born 29 June 1986) is a singer from Grays, Thurrock. Drage first started singing when he was very young and, whilst still at school, took part in musical theatre and amateur dramatics. Having signed up with an agent, Drage made acting appearances in the 2000 movie "Snatch" as well as a number of TV shows including "The Bill" and "Casualty". After a spell in boy band 5Boyz, who supported Girls Aloud and Blazing Squad and took part in the Soccer 6 competitions, he auditioned and won a place in E4's gender-swap reality show "Boys will be Girls", aired in 2006. Drage has also been lead singer in a glam rock band called The Gunners. Simon Cowell commented that Drage is "just what this competition needs".
On the first live show, Drage sang "Every Breath You Take" and got positive comments from the judges, with Simon Cowell stating that he believed that the public had seen only 60% of Austin's ability. He was eliminated on the fourth live show on 1 November 2008 after being in the bottom two with Rachel Hylton. In the sing-off he performed "Don't Stop Me Now" and then "Leave Right Now". Drage's mentor, Simon Cowell, voted to keep him, but the other judges – Cheryl Cole, Louis Walsh and Rachel Hylton's mentor Dannii Minogue – voted in Hylton's favour.
He has since appeared on many TV programmes and turned on Stevenage town Christmas lights on 20 November 2008 where he performed fifteen songs, three of which he had performed on the live shows.
Drage made a brief appearance at Butlin's Holiday Park in Skegness on New Year's Eve 2008 to sing two solo songs and a duet with Simon Cowell.
He recently appeared as an X Factor expert on Five's magazine show "Live from Studio Five".
Since then Drage has appeared in multiple magazines either naked or skantily clothed. He appeared in Attitude magazine's naked edition 2009 and Now magazine's Sexy Santa edition. Drage also made appearances and performed in Maspalomas Pride 2010.
Eoghan Quigg.
Eoghan Karl Christopher Quigg (pronounced "Owen", born 12 July 1992) is from County Londonderry, Northern Ireland. He has two younger brothers, and a baby sister, born during Quigg's participation on the show.He is the youngest contestant out of the 12.
In the first live show he sang "Imagine". In week two he sang "Ben". Week three's song choice was "L-O-V-E". In week four he sang "Could It Be Magic". Following Scott's elimination in week three and Austin's in week four, he was Simon's only remaining act in the competition.
He then in week five sang "Anytime You Need A Friend". Week six saw Eoghan sing "One More Try". In week seven he sang "Never Forget". During Britney Spears week, he sang "Sometimes" and, for his second song, "We're All in This Together". These performances carried him through to the semi-finals of the competition.
In week 9 Quigg's first song was "Year 3000". He got excellent praise for this song. His second song of the evening was "Does Your Mother Know". Judges Walsh, Cowell and Cole all enjoyed the song, though Minogue thought that the song choice "tended towards cheesy". He achieved third place overall.
On the last edition of spin-off show "The Xtra Factor", presenter Holly Willoughby announced that out of the finalists Quigg had placed first in viewers' votes in six episodes of the series, while Alexandra Burke had won two (including the final), and Diana Vickers and JLS had each won one. Quigg was, along with finalists Burke, JLS and fourth-placed Diana Vickers, signed to Simon Cowell's label Syco after the series ended. Cowell withdrew his offer and Quigg was instead signed to RCA Records.
In 2014, he was one of the candidates to represent Ireland in Eurovision 2014, to be held in Copenhagen, Denmark.
Scott Bruton.
Scott Paul Bruton (born 14 December 1988) is a former Pontins Bluecoat from Manchester. Bruton initially wanted to be an actor but decided on a career in music after taking part in karaoke. In the first live show Bruton received harsh criticism for his performance of "Yeh Yeh". His mentor Simon Cowell accepted responsibility for the bad song choice. In week 3, on 25 October, he sang "That's Life" but was eliminated after a bottom-two showdown against Daniel Evans. Cheryl Cole, Louis Walsh and Evans' mentor Dannii Minogue voted in Daniel's favour. Bruton's mentor, Simon Cowell, voted to keep him in the competition.
He is currently playing the role of Bobby in Dreamboats and Petticoats.
Girls.
Contestants in this category were females aged between 16 and 24. The eventual winner, Alexandra Burke, came from this category.
Alexandra Burke.
Alexandra Imelda Cecelia Ewan Burke (born 25 August 1988) is a singer from London. In 2005 Burke auditioned for "The X Factor" and got through to the "Judges' Houses" stage. However, her then mentor Louis Walsh decided she was too young and did not put her through to the live shows. Burke is the daughter of ex-Soul II Soul singer Melissa Bell.
On the first live show, Burke performed "I Wanna Dance With Somebody", in which she was compared to Whitney Houston. For the second live show, Burke covered "I'll Be There" for which she was again criticised by Simon Cowell, who called her a copycat. In week three, Big Band week, Burke performed "Candyman" for which she received her first standing ovation. For the disco-themed fourth live show, Burke performed "On the Radio". During Mariah Carey week on 8 November, Burke and the other finalists met for an individual masterclass. Mariah Carey complimented Burke on her voice. Burke performed "Without You" and received a standing ovation from the judges. All the judges gave her positive comments following her performance; Simon Cowell commented that "by any standard, that was just outstanding". Following the show Burke's performance was praised by Mariah Carey who commented that her rendition of "Without You" was "absolutely amazing".
In weeks 6 and 7, Burke received positive comments from the judging panel for her performances of "You Are So Beautiful" and "Relight My Fire". Week 8 was Burke's best week so far, seeing her replace Diana Vickers as the bookies' favourite after performing "Toxic" and "Listen", for which she received yet another standing ovation. In week 9, Burke performed "Don't Stop The Music" and again received positive comments, with Louis Walsh calling her "the English Beyoncé" and Cowell commenting "...We may be seeing the birth of a star here [...] you've got it all, that was a great performance". Diana Vickers was eliminated in the semi-final, meaning Burke was the last remaining girl and Cheryl Cole's last hope of winning "The X Factor".
In the final show, Burke's Christmas song was "Silent Night". For her duet, Burke sang with Beyoncé, performing "Listen" for the third time in the series (previous performances were in the "Judges' Houses" round and the eighth live show). Burke's favourite performance was "You Are So Beautiful". Burke was the eventual winner of the competition, defeating JLS in the final two.
Diana Vickers.
Diana Vickers (born 30 July 1991) is from Accrington, Lancashire. She had taken singing lessons and participated in local competitions, but had never sung professionally.
Vickers began her "X Factor" journey by singing "The Blower's Daughter" at audition. She went on to sing "Chasing Cars" at the first stage of bootcamp and "Hallelujah" at the second stage, receiving positive reviews from all four judges. In the sing-offs for the three final places in Cheryl Cole's group, Vickers sang "Nothing Compares To You" and "Carry You Home". After the first song, Cole noticed Vickers' disappointment, thinking this could be her downfall. However, she chose Vickers for her final three.
On her first live show Vickers sang "With or Without You". On the second live show she covered "Man in the Mirror", for which she received nothing but praise with Dannii Minogue describing it as "box fresh" and Simon Cowell remarking she is "the one to beat". The following week she performed "Smile" which again received much praise, and the judges were even more impressed with her version of "Call Me".
In week five, Vickers was excused from performing due to a severe case of laryngitis. She had wanted to perform "Always Be My Baby" up until a few hours before the show, but her doctor advised her not to, saying she could do permanent damage to her vocal cords. This was the first time the producers had excused any act from performing. She was said to be devastated not to meet Mariah Carey, who guested on that week's show. However on "The Xtra Factor" show afterwards, footage was shown of Diana at a bonfire night party earlier that week, screaming and cheering with the other contestants. This created some speculation as to the legitimacy of her illness. However, Vickers released a statement to contest the claim: "I felt under the weather all last week but didn't want to miss out on the fireworks display. On Thursday I saw the doctor and was given antibiotics and the following day was diagnosed with laryngitis by a Harley Street specialist. Up until Saturday afternoon, I was still hoping and praying that I would be well enough to perform but the producers spoke to the doctor who made it clear that I could risk long-term damage to my voice. I was absolutely devastated to be told I couldn’t perform on Saturday night and disappointed not to be able to meet Mariah Carey. I am due to see the doctor again on Friday so fingers crossed I will be able to take part in this Saturday's show".
Vickers returned in week 6 and performed "Yellow", prompting Cowell to remark that he believed she was still unwell because she had so many "off-notes". In week seven she sang "Patience" commenting that she felt 100% once again and hoped to deliver her best performance to date. During the show, guest Gary Barlow offered to sign her if Simon Cowell didn't, to which Cowell responded "We will not be accepting Gary Barlow's kind offer for a recording contract. Leona has done fine with me, thank you Gary".
In week 8, she performed "I'm Not a Girl, Not Yet a Woman", which received a muted reaction from the judges, with Simon Cowell telling her it was the first week where she was in danger. She returned for the second half of the show with a version of "Everybody Hurts", which kept her in the competition at the expense of Ruth Lorenzo. In the week 9 semi-finals, Vickers performed "Girlfriend" as her first song and received excellent comments from all the judges, Cheryl Cole saying that "she had got that sparkle back". She followed this with "White Flag" but was subsequently voted out of the competition, to the shock and upset of her fellow semi-finalists Eoghan Quigg.
It was originally announced that Vickers would be signed up by Sony BMG under the Syco label but this plan was later dropped. Vickers has since been signed to the RCA label.
Vickers made her professional acting debut in the title role of a new West End production of Jim Cartwright's "The Rise and Fall of Little Voice" in the autumn of 2009. Vickers' debut single, "Once", was released on 19 April 2010 and went straight to number 1 in the UK charts and her album, "Songs from the Tainted Cherry Tree", was released on 3 May 2010, also debuting at number 1. Her follow-up singles "The Boy Who Murdered Love" and "My Wicked Heart" also achieved chart success and on the second live results show of series 7 of "The X Factor", Vickers performed "My Wicked Heart" live. Vickers has been writing material for her second album since mid 2010, the album expected to be released in summer 2012.
Laura White.
Laura Jane White (born 30 August 1987), is a student from Atherton, Wigan. She had been singing and playing the piano since she was a young girl. Despite never having had a professional singing lesson, White began singing in jazz bars at the age of 15. She attended Fred Longworth High School in Tyldesley, the same school as actors Anthony Quinlan, Leah Hackett and Oliver Lee, and went on to study creative writing at The University of Bolton.
On the first live show, White was the final act to take the stage, performing "Fallin'." White was the only act to receive a standing ovation from the judging panel for her dramatic and original rendition of the song. She received high praise from the judges, especially Simon Cowell, who said: "... that was outstanding. You have something very, very special. This is why I still like doing this show, in this country, so that you can discover people like you. You have a fantastic future, potentially, ahead of you young lady."
White progressed through to the next live show, Michael Jackson week, taking on "You Are Not Alone" with her powerhouse vocals, again distinguished by her jazzy and groovy style. In Big Band week, she displayed a more mature and soulful side with her performance of "God Bless the Child", for which she received another standing ovation. Judge Louis Walsh praised White's performance as "world class" and "better than Diana Ross's" version. The final word was from judge Cowell, who claimed "by any standard that I've ever heard, that was incredible." In the fourth live show, Disco week, she delivered her version of "Somebody Else's Guy." Judge Dannii Minogue commented, "You shouldn't be able to do that at your age... That was a really hard song... you made it effortless." In her final performance on the show, she was again praised by the judges. Despite those accolades and being one of the favourites to win the competition, Laura was voted off the show in week five, after a performance in which she accompanied herself on the piano (or mimed an accompaniment). Her elimination caused some controversy.
Over 25s.
Contestants in this category were aged 25 or over.
Daniel Evans.
Daniel James Evans (born 30 November 1969), the oldest of the 12 finalists, is a former pool cleaner from Leyton, London. He had never gotten around to applying for "The X Factor" although he had the papers to do so, so this was the first year that he had actually auditioned. Evans decided to participate this year following the death of his wife after she gave birth to his daughter. Throughout the live finals, he repeatedly received criticism from both Simon Cowell and Louis Walsh. He was in the bottom two with Scott Bruton in week three but won through to the next round by virtue of a passionate performance of "To Where You Are" in memory of his wife. Along with Ruth Lorenzo, he did not appear when the finalists sang "Hero" in week three because of a technical problem. In week five a campaign started by Radio 1 DJ Chris Moyles urging his listeners to vote for Evans seemed to have saved his skin. Evans was voted out despite having more public votes in the sixth round, after a sing-off with Rachel Hylton. Louis Walsh, Cheryl Cole and Simon Cowell all voted for Hylton, and with that his departure from the competition was confirmed. Daniel later released his debut download-only single Open Arms. In March 2010 he also released a fully independent, critically acclaimed and emotional easy listening album called "No Easy Way" which is available from iTunes, Google play and most download stores. Despite its positive reviews it failed to chart in the UK due to lack of publicity. With no support from the industry whatsoever (Daniel was quoted as saying "radio stations would not play an X-Factor contestant that was not signed to a major label") and no publicity or distribution the album has been a surprisingly good performer in Asia. He has also released several self produced EP's of which most are available free from his web site. Daniel has been quoted as saying the reason for this unusual approach is that its "not about the money, its all about the music".
Evans is now singing Swing, Soul and Pop for mainly corporate clients in Spain where he lives with his daughter. He is also writing and producing music for other artists. He has also built up a catalogue of acoustic style covers of well known pop songs on his YouTube channel and performs many of these in his live shows.
He is also a Patron for the children's cancer charity Niamh's Next Step and re-released the song I'm Already there from his debut album No Easy Way with added vocals from gospel group The Love Soul Choir. All proceeds go direct to the charity.
Rachel Hylton.
Rachel Shavon Hylton (born 26 November 1981) is a mother-of-five from London. She had the first of her five children at the age of 13. Problems with drugs led to a spell in prison and eventually three of her children were taken into care. Hylton was hoping to win "The X Factor" to make a better life for herself and her two youngest children, whom she still looks after.
Hylton after her first audition was hugely tipped as a contender this year following her pitch perfect performance of "You Know I'm No Good".
In weeks one and two, she received harsh criticism from many of the show's judges, but in week three, Simon Cowell described her rendition of 'Feeling Good' as 'the best performance of the night.' Week four Hylton was in the bottom two with Austin Drage after a disco themed show, in which her performance was described by Louis Walsh as 'very average.' Only Drage's mentor, Simon Cowell, chose to save him, whilst the remaining judges kept Hylton in the competition, progressing her to week five. During the week five show Hylton performed "Against All Odds" and survived the public vote, progressing to week six. In week six Hylton was once again in the bottom two with Daniel Evans but was saved by Louis Walsh, Cheryl Cole and Simon Cowell. In week seven Hylton was in the bottom two for a third time, this time with JLS. Despite drawing praise from the judges for her sing-off performance, she was voted out by a majority of the judges because they believed JLS would progress further in the competition. In interviews after her departure from the competition, Rachel claimed she was judged on her past not her vocal ability in which has always been praised by all four judges.
Hylton revealed to Digital Spy that she had been offered a recording contract, but, like the other contestants, could not sign it until her contract with "The X Factor" expired. Hylton was also rumoured to have been working with US singer John Legend and his record label but this later turned out to be false. On 4 May 2009, she appeared alongside US stars Mary Mary, CeCe Winans and Kirk Franklin at the Oraclez Gospel Festival at Wembley Arena.
Since this, Hylton has gone on to launch a charity single "Only the Good Die Young" with other celebrities such as Darren Day.
In 2011 Hylton revealed on her Facebook page that she will be releasing her debut single and album in the year. Her single will be released in the summer, with her album following later.
Ruth Lorenzo.
Ruth Lorenzo Pascual (born 10 November 1982) originally from Murcia, South East Spain, now living in Ashtead, Surrey, was working a PR Consultant at the time of the show. In week two, Lorenzo fell into the bottom two, along with Girlband. Her choice of sing-off song was "Purple Rain". Lorenzo's mentor Dannii Minogue and Cheryl Cole voted for her to stay, with Simon Cowell and Girlband's mentor Louis Walsh voting the other way. The result thus went to "Deadlock", and the public vote was consulted. Lorenzo had received more votes from the public than Girlband and therefore survived. It was announced after the show that the telephone number that appeared on screen for fans to call and vote to keep her in the competition had a digit missing. Many people complained saying that when they called to vote for Lorenzo the number had a "busy" tone and their votes did not count. Lorenzo was in the bottom two again in week five (8 November), this time in a sing-off against Laura White. Her rendition of "Knockin' On Heaven's Door" saw her survive by three votes to one, with White eliminated from the competition. In week 6 Lorenzo sang "Angels" and got through to the next week. In week 7 she sang "Love Ain't Here Anymore" which thoroughly impressed the judges, especially Cowell, who described it as 'sensational'.
Lorenzo, by this stage Minogue's last remaining act, was eliminated by public vote on 29 November, despite receiving excellent feedback from the judges for her performances of "I Love Rock 'n' Roll" and "Always". With Lorenzo's departure, Minogue had lost all three of her acts in successive shows.
According to a report in "The Sun" newspaper, Lorenzo was offered several record contracts shortly after leaving the show. She released her debut single and album in 2011, with the single "Burn" released in August 2011 and the album released shortly afterwards. She had been writing for two years as an independent artist and is finally becoming close to finishing her first studio album. It was reported in April 2009 that Lorenzo had signed a £1.5 million recording contract with EMI.
In 2014, she will be representing Spain in Eurovision 2014, to be held in Copenhagen, Denmark.
Groups.
Acts in this category are vocal duos or groups. Contestants had to be aged 16 or over and thus eligible to enter the show.
Bad Lashes.
Bad Lashes are a four-piece girl band from North East England, made up of Emily McNamee (born 30 June 1989) from Newcastle upon Tyne, Sophie Wilson (born 21 November 1984) from Hartlepool, Samantha Bennett (born 26 April 1987) from Durham, and Stacey Lincoln (born 24 October 1987), also from Durham. In the first live show, they received mixed reviews from the judges, attracting praise from Cheryl Cole, but harsh criticism from Simon Cowell, who compared watching their performance to 'eating water.' They were the first act to be eliminated in the live shows when, on 11 October, they found themselves in the bottom two with other girl group Girlband: the judges' votes were split at 2–2, so the result of the public vote was revealed and Bad Lashes were announced to have polled the least votes from the viewers and were sent home. In the judges' vote, Cheryl Cole and Dannii Minogue voted in their favour, with Simon Cowell and Louis Walsh voting against them.
Bad Lashes have since released their cover version of Wonderwall in November 2009 as a single.
Girlband.
Girlband were a four-piece girl band from South-West England. The group comprised sisters Tita Lau (born 30 July 1988) and Phoebe Jay Lau (born 2 June 1990), along with their friends Marisa Billitteri (born 20 May 1989) and Layla Manoochehri (born 1 May 1986). In the first live show, they received harsh comments from Simon Cowell, who called them a 'Girls Aloud bunch of rejects.' They were placed in the bottom two by the public vote and the decision was given to the judges, whose votes were split, with Cheryl Cole and Dannii Minogue voting against them, and Simon Cowell and Louis Walsh opting to save them. The result was then referred to the public vote and Girlband survived, having polled higher than other bottom two act Bad Lashes. They were in the bottom two again in the second show, and the judges' votes were once again split. With the result referred to the public vote, Girl band were revealed to have polled the lowest and were duly eliminated. They split up days after their elimination. They briefly reunited for the charity single "Hero".
JLS.
JLS (Jack the Lad Swing) were a four-piece boy band consisting of Aston Merrygold, Marvin Humes, Jonathan "JB" Gill and Oritse Williams. Aston previously played "Cookie" in CITV's "Fun Song Factory" and Marvin used to be in the group VS, which was created by Simon Webbe of Blue.
Following Bad Lashes' elimination in week one and Girlband's in week two, they were Louis Walsh's last remaining act in the competition. In week seven JLS were in the bottom two along with Rachel Hylton. However, they survived thanks to the votes from Walsh, Cheryl Cole and Simon Cowell. In week 8 JLS performed "...Baby One More Time". They received negative comments from the judges, with Simon Cowell saying "At the moment you're out". After their second performance, You Light Up My Life however, Cowell commented that they were "back in the race". In week 9, JLS performed "Umbrella" and received positive comments from the judges. Walsh said "All I can say is, I'm so proud of you". Their second song was "I'm Already There" and Walsh had tears in his eyes.
JLS made it to the final show, becoming the fourth group to do so, the others being G4 in the series 1, Journey South in the series 2 and Same Difference in series 4. After surviving the first public vote of the night, in which Eoghan Quigg was voted off, they were able to perform their own version of the winner's song, "Hallelujah", which the other remaining finalist Alexandra Burke also performed. The public voted for the second time that night and JLS ended up coming second.
All the judges said that JLS were the best band that had ever been on the show, and it was widely predicted that they would be offered a contract by a record company shortly after the show's end. It was announced on 20 January 2009, just one month after the final, that JLS had signed with record company Epic Records.
JLS released four albums "JLS" (2009), "Outta This World" (2010), "Jukebox" (2011) and "Evolution" (2012) and had five number-one singles – "Beat Again", "Everybody in Love", "The Club Is Alive", "Love You More" and "She Makes Me Wanna". In April 2013, they made the shock announcement that they would be splitting up. They released one more album, "Goodbye - The Greatest Hits", in November 2013 before officially disbanding the following month.

</doc>
<doc id="19837606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837606" title="Energy Technology Engineering Center">
Energy Technology Engineering Center

The Energy Technology Engineering Center (ETEC), was a government-owned, contractor-operated complex of industrial facilities located within the Santa Susana Field Laboratory (SSFL), Ventura County, California. The ETEC specialized in non-nuclear testing of components which were designed to transfer heat from a nuclear reactor using liquid metals instead of water or gas. The center operated from 1966 to 1998. The ETEC site has been closed and is now undergoing building removal and environmental remediation by the U.S. Department of Energy.
History.
In 1966, ETEC began as the Liquid Metals Engineering Center (LMEC). The LMEC was created by the U.S. Atomic Energy Commission to provide development and non-nuclear testing of liquid metal reactor components. The Liquid Metals Information Center (LMIC) was established at the same time by the AEC. The LMIC served as a technical information library relating to liquid metals and liquid metal components for the United States government. Both the LMEC and LMIC supported the United States Government’s Liquid Metal Fast Breeder Reactor program.
The LMEC and the LMIC were established within a western portion of Santa Susana Field Laboratory called Area IV. In 1978, the LMEC charter was expanded to include general energy-related technology and the center was renamed the Energy Technology Engineering Center. Research and development at ETEC primarily involved metallic sodium because the proposed Fast Breeder Reactor required liquid sodium to operate. Sodium was chosen because it has desirable heat transfer properties, a low operating pressure when compared to water, and sodium has a relatively low melting point.
The liquid metal components tested included steam generators, pumps, valves, flow meters and a variety of instrumentation. Investigation into the metallurgical properties of piping exposed to the high temperatures for long periods of time was also performed. The Components were designed and fabricated then installed into a test facility and evaluated under operating conditions with the overall goal of improving the reliability and safety of the components and ultimately, the nuclear reactor the components would be used in.
The ETEC personnel operated several unique test facilities to evaluate nuclear reactor component tests using metallic sodium. One facility, the Sodium Pump Test Facility, capable of circulating up to 55,000 gallons of liquid sodium per minute at temperatures up to , was the largest sodium pump test facility in the world.
Corporate Organization.
The LMEC was originally operated by the Atomics International division of North American Aviation and later by way of corporate merger, by Rockwell International. In 1996, The Boeing Company purchased Rocketdyne and assumed the ETEC contract with the Department of Energy.
Two distinct organizations within Atomics International were supported by the DOE at SSFL Area IV: one focused on the development of civilian nuclear power and the other, LMEC/ETEC, was the center of excellence for research and testing of non-nuclear components relating to liquid metals. Although ETEC was operated by Atomics International (and later by Rockwell International), the U.S. Government required the ETEC be operated separately from Atomics International in order to avoid giving the company an unfair advantage through preferential access to government-sponsored research. Thus, the ETEC operated as an autonomous entity within Atomics International.
At its height in 1973, ETEC employed four hundred fifty people. Parent Atomics International employed some 9,000 people during its height in the late 1970s.
The distinction between ETEC and AI nuclear division is blurred by the demise of Atomics International and the cleanup of radioactive materials under DOE’s “ETEC Closure” contract with The Boeing Company. The US Department of Energy has assumed responsibility for the identification and, if necessary, cleanup of impacts to the environment resulting from the sodium- or radioactive material-related activities within SSFL Area IV.
Waste Management Practices.
Components removed from a sodium–related test facility require careful management because the residual sodium within the component reacts violently with water, thus is a hazard to human health and the environment. In some cases, bulk quantities of sodium required disposal. Prior to the establishment of the 1976 Federal Resource Conservation and Recovery Act which regulates the treatment and disposal of sodium waste, ETEC personnel operated an on-site treatment and disposal site. The site is called the Former Sodium Disposal Facility (FSDF) and was located at the extreme western edge of Area IV. The components were cleaned at the FSDF by reacting the sodium inside with steam or by tossing them into a large pool of water. The steam (or water) reacts with the sodium and removes the hazardous residues.
In 1978, in compliance with the new Federal Resource Conservation and Recovery Act ETEC established the Hazardous Waste Management Facility (HWMF), a specialized facility to remove residual sodium from used components. The HWMF operated under the Federal RCRA regulations and closed in 1998.
Environmental Impacts.
The research and development activities at ETEC resulted in contamination to the surrounding environment. While the FSDF was not intended for the disposal of chemicals or radioactive materials, it is clear these materials were present there. The Final Report for the FSDF cleanup prepared by Boeing notes that ”a small amount of very low level radioactive waste was inadvertently disposed of at the site…”
The impacted soils were removed from the FSDF by Rocketdyne for the DOE in 1992. A video explaining the 1992 FSDF cleanup was produced by Rocketdyne. In 1998, the California Department of Public Health, Radiologic Health Branch determined the site to be clean up to the standards then in effect. Further cleanup to remove traces of mercury and Polychlorinated biphenyls from the surrounding site was completed in 1999.
Other locations within Area IV (and the remainder of SSFL) have been undergoing an environmental Facility Investigation under the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act since 1994. The investigation is overseen by the California State Department of Toxic Substances Control. A firm estimated completion date for the investigation and subsequent remediation, if any, could not be found.
By 2007, all of the sodium-related facilities have been removed from Area IV with the exception of the Sodium Pump Test Facility and the Hazardous Waste Management Facility. All of the metallic sodium has been removed from ETEC.
Other Santa Susana Field Laboratory activities.
Most of the Santa Susana Field Laboratory—SSFL was used for the testing and development of rocket engines by Rocketdyne over a fifty year period, initially for defensive missiles, and then primarily for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration—NASA space vehicles. That took place at locations in Areas I, II, and III totaling ~ 2,560 acres. The ETEC site is ~90 acres, of Area IV's 290 acre total.
There has been considerable environmental impact investigations underway across SSFL, including at the ETEC sites, since the 1990s to develop cleanup criteria, characterization measurement standards, and methods to use to reach contractual terms of completion. In the interim, some small site specific cleanups, contaminated surface water flow remediation, and minor habitat restoration efforts have been tried. The cleanup data gathering, and eventual cleanup projects (of chemical &/or radiological toxins), are under the direction of the DTSC—California Department of Toxic Substances Control of CalEPA, with a 2017 completion deadline/goal.
Interim remediation means, contaminant characterization studies, and all mandated cleanup work is funded by the R.P.s—Responsible Parties. They are the DOE—U.S. Department of Energy and The Boeing Company for the ETEC site (~90 acres) within Area IV. For the rest of the SSFL propertyhe R.P.s are Boeing and/or NASA fL, depending on: the Area (I, II, &/or III); contaminant types, and physical toxin location (i.e.: surface soils, aquifers, deep bedrock, etc.).

</doc>
<doc id="19837608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837608" title="2008 Tennis Masters Cup – Doubles">
2008 Tennis Masters Cup – Doubles

Mark Knowles and Daniel Nestor were the defending champions. They were both present but did not compete together.
Knowles partnered with Mahesh Bhupathi, but lost in the round robin.
Nestor partnered with Nenad Zimonjić, and won in the final 7–6(7–3), 6–2, against Bob Bryan and Mike Bryan.
Seeds.
<ol start="5">
<li> Jeff Coetzee / Wesley Moodie "(Round Robin)
<li> Lukáš Dlouhý / Leander Paes "(Round Robin)
<li> Mariusz Fyrstenberg / Marcin Matkowski "(Semifinals)
<li> Pablo Cuevas / Luis Horna "(Semifinals)
Draw.
Red Group.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5) Steering Committee decision."
Gold Group.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5) Steering Committee decision."

</doc>
<doc id="19837620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837620" title="Elhanan Glazer">
Elhanan Glazer

Elhanan Glazer (, born 13 August 1947) is an Israeli politician. He served as a member of the Knesset for Gil, Justice for the Elderly and The Right Way between 2006 and 2009.
Biography.
Born in Rehovot during the Mandate era, Glazer today lives in Rishon LeZion, and is widowed with three children. 
For the 2006 Knesset elections he was placed sixth on the Gil list, and became a Knesset member when the party won seven seats. On 2 June 2008 he was one of three MKs to leave Gil and form the Justice for the Elderly faction. 
Although Justice for the Elderly mereged back into Gil on 27 October 2008, Glazer did not rejoin the party, and instead formed his own faction, The Right Way.
For the 2009 elections Glazer joined Tzomet, and was placed second on the party's list. However, it failed to cross the electoral threshold, and Glazer lost his seat.

</doc>
<doc id="19837631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837631" title="China–Niue relations">
China–Niue relations

Sino-Niuean relations are relations between China and Niue. 
Niue has been self-governing in free association with New Zealand since 3 September 1974 when the people endorsed the Constitution in a plebiscite. Niue is fully responsible for its internal affairs. Niue's position concerning its external relations is less clear cut. Section 6 of the Niue Constitution Act provides that: 
Section 8 elaborates as follows:
Niue establish diplomatic relations with the People's Republic of China on December 12, 2007. Notwithstanding Niue's constitutional position, the New Zealand government is clear that it does have the capacity and right to establish diplomatic relations with any country, the New Zealand government website stating that:
Traditionally, Niue's foreign relations and defence have been regarded as the responsibility of New Zealand, which has full diplomatic relations with China. Importantly, it is a requirement of Niue's constitution that in such matters,"consultation between the Prime Minister of New Zealand and the Premier of Niue" must take place and it is not clear that such consultation did in fact take place before Niue purported to establish diplomatic relations with China. As such, Niue's authoirities may have acted outside the powers conferred on them under Niue's constitution. 
Another notable matter is that he Joint Communique signed by Niue and China is different in its treatment of the Taiwan question from that agreed by New Zealand and China. New Zealand "acknowledged" China's position on Taiwan but has never expressly agreed with it, but Niue ""recognizes that there is only one China in the world, the Government of the People's Republic of China is the sole legal government representing the whole of China and Taiwan is an inalienable part of the territory of China."" Critics have asked whether Niueans can continue to benefit from free association with New Zealand and yet disregard New Zealand's advice and establish an independent foreign policy.
On 18 October 2008, Zhang Limin, China's first ambassador to Niue, presented his credentials to Niue Prime Minister Toke Talagi in the capital of Alofi. His credentials were accepted byt the Niuean Premier. Mr Limin is also China's ambassador to New Zealand where he is based.
In July 2009, Talagi stated that, if development aid were not forthcoming from New Zealand, he would request aid from China instead.
China's opening of diplomatic relations with Niue may be seen within the wider context of China's relations with the Pacific region. Every independent country in Oceania currently maintains diplomatic and economic relations either with the People's Republic of China or with the Republic of China (Taiwan).
Further background.
The establishment of diplomatic relations between Niue and China followed a number of discussions between the two sides. In 2004, Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao sent a telegram to Niue PM Young Vivian to convey his sympathy on Niue suffering windstorm. In April, 2006, Premier Wen met with PM Young Vivian during the conference of “China-Pacific Island Countries Economic Development & Cooperation Forum” held in Fiji. Niuean Prime Minister Young Vivian and the Chinese Foreign Minister, Li Zhaoxing, held discussions in Wellington in on 1 August 2006. In June 2007, Niue PM Young Vivian visited China. 
The island has a representative mission in Wellington, New Zealand. Niue is also a member of the Pacific Islands Forum and a number of regional and international agencies. It is not a member of the United Nations, but is a state party to the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, the Ottawa Treaty and the Treaty of Rarotonga.

</doc>
<doc id="19837635" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837635" title="Chris Parry (Royal Navy officer)">
Chris Parry (Royal Navy officer)

Rear Admiral Christopher J. Parry CBE is a British former naval officer who was the first Chair of the UK Government's Marine Management Organisation until 2011. He is a well-known strategic forecaster, author and commentator.
Education.
Parry was educated at Royal Naval School Tal-Handaq, The Portsmouth Grammar School and Jesus College, Oxford, where he read Modern History.
Naval career.
He joined the Royal Navy as a Seaman Officer in 1972 and then became an Observer in the Fleet Air Arm in 1979. He was mentioned in despatches during the Falklands War for the rescue of 16 SAS men from Fortuna Glacier, South Georgia, and for his role in detecting and disabling the Argentinian submarine ARA "Santa Fe". He later commanded HMS "Gloucester", HMS "Fearless" and the United Kingdom's Amphibious Task Group. At sea, he was known for his use of unconventional tactics, original thinking and innovative methods, as well as his trademark motto 'old dog, new tricks' and the high standard of training of his ship's companies. His motivation was "to give my ship and her ship's company the best chance of success and survival".
On promotion to Rear Admiral, he became, in 2005, the Ministry of Defence's Director General of Development, Concepts and Doctrine.
Today, he is one of the UK's leading experts on strategic forecasting and geo-strategic trend-spotting and a noted thinker on all aspects of the current and future maritime and marine environment.
Independent Schools Council.
After leaving the Navy, he became Chief Executive of the Independent Schools Council. In June 2008, he spoke about the divide between the independent and state sectors of education and the injustice and continuing inadequacies of state provision. Wishing to concentrate more on his strategic, academic and military activities and studies, he left that post soon afterwards.
Recent Activities.
Since June 2008, he has worked as a writer, broadcaster and speaker, establishing a considerable reputation as one of the country's leading military theorists and strategists, with his remarkably prescient views and penetrating presentations about the future of geopolitics, security and warfare.
From 2009-10, he was the first Chair of the UK's newly Marine Management Organisation, the planning, licensing and regulatory body for the UK's offshore zone, balancing social, economic and environmental. The formation of the MMO and its introduction into service was described by the UK Treasury as 'exemplary' and by Ministers as, 'an example of how an Arms-Length Public Body should be run'.
On 12 June 2010, in an interview on BBC Radio 4's "Today" programme, he described the planning for the UK's 2006 deployment of 3,300 troops to Helmand Province in Afghanistan as flawed, relying too much on lessons from Borneo, Malaya and Northern Ireland. The subsequent BBC News article quotes him as saying that senior commanders had obdurately resisted "ditching the lessons from the past", preferring these to the "radical and progressive ideas" which were needed. He was also critical of Army commanders who sought to make the Afghanistan operation the Army's 'Falklands Moment' and the UK Strategic Defence and Security Review of 2010, which, he said, was fiscally driven, incoherent and the basis for a 'strategic deficit'.
As the Managing Director of Merl House, he continues to work in the fields of strategic forecasting, risk and leadership and advises banks, companies and governments about future trends, innovative approaches and dynamic change management. He is also active at Board level in promoting new ideas about governance, leadership and competitive advantage.
On 16 February 2012, he published his diary from the Falklands War, 'Down South: A Falklands War Diary' with Viking Penguin, described by the historian Niall Ferguson as a 'gripping historical document' and by other commentators as 'a first-class, contemporaraneous account of the conflict, which offers fresh insights into what have seemed, until now, familiar events' [http://www.amazon.co.uk/Down-South-Falklands-War-Diary/dp/0670921459].
He is a Fellow of the Institute of Directors, the Royal United Services Institute for Defence and Security and the Chartered Management Institute.

</doc>
<doc id="19837638" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837638" title="AS-19 (drug)">
AS-19 (drug)

AS-19 is a substance which acts as a potent agonist at the 5HT7 receptor, with an IC50 of 0.83nM. It reverses the amnesia induced by drugs such as scopolamine and dizocilpine and improves long term memory acquisition, but inhibits short term memory formation.

</doc>
<doc id="19837639" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837639" title="Wabanquot">
Wabanquot

Wabanquot may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19837645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837645" title="Lisa Zwerling">
Lisa Zwerling

Lisa Zwerling is an American physician (member of the American Medical Association), television writer and producer (member of the Writers Guild of America & the Producers Guild of America). She has worked on the medical drama series "Presidio Med" and "ER" and science fiction series "FlashForward".
Biography.
Zwerling began her television career as a technical advisor and writer for the medical drama "Presidio Med". The series was canceled before completing its first season. "Presidio Med" was created and executive produced by John Wells. Following the conclusion of "Presidio Med" Wells hired Zwerling as a story editor for the tenth season of long running medical drama "ER". She made her writing debut for the series with the episode "NICU".
Zwerling returned for the eleventh season as an executive story editor. She wrote a further four episodes - "An Intern's Guide To The Galaxy", "Middleman", "Back in the World", and "Ruby Redux". "Back in the World" was co-written with executive producer and show runner David Zabel. "Ruby Redux" was co-written with executive producer Lydia Woodward.
For the twelfth season Zwerling became a producer, initially being credited as a co-producer. Zwerling co-wrote the season opener "Canon City" with Wells and co-executive producer Joe Sachs. She co-wrote a further episode, "Quintessence of Dust", again with Zabel, and scripted a third episode "Lost in America" on her own.
She was promoted for the thirteenth season becoming a producer and contributing a further five episodes - "Graduation Day" (with executive producer Janine Sherman Barrois), "Scoop and Run", "City of Mercy" (with Zabel), "Crisis of Conscience", and "Sea Change".
She garnered more responsibility for the fourteenth season becoming a supervising producer and writing a further five episodes including the season finale. She collaborated with staff writer Karen Maser on "In A Different Light" - Zwerling's first episode collaborating with a junior writer. She also wrote "The Test", "Atonement", "Truth Will Out" (again with Maser), and season finale "The Chicago Way" with David Zabel.
Zwerling is currently a co-executive producer and writer on the fifteenth and final season of "ER". She wrote the second episode of the season "Another Thursday at County." She also co-wrote "The Book of Abby" (again with Zabel) which was the final episode of longserving series star Maura Tierney who plays Abby Lockhart.
After the conclusion of "ER", she joined the crew of new ABC science fiction series "FlashForward" in 2009. Zwerling served as a co-executive producer and writer for the series. The show focuses on a team of FBI agents following a global consciousness blackout that gives people a vision of their futures. The series was created by Brannon Braga and David S. Goyer both of whom also served as executive producers. Zwerling co-wrote five episodes for the first season. She co-wrote the episode "Black Swan" with Scott M. Gimple. She co-wrote the episode "The Gift" with Ian Goldberg. She co-wrote the episode "Blowback" with Barbara Nance. She co-wrote the episode "The Garden of Forking Paths" with Goyer.
She co-wrote the seasons penultimate episode "Countdown" with Seth Hoffman.
Fox has handed a late pilot order to "Weekend at Bellevue", a medical drama from former ER writer-producer Lisa Zwerling and BermanBraun (Lloyd Braun/Gail Berman). The project, centered on a psychiatrist in charge of the weekend shift of Bellevue Hospital psychiatric unit, was originally set up at NBC and UMS earlier this season. After the network recently passed on the script, it was taken to Fox. "Weekend at Bellevue" is based on Dr. Julie Holland's memoir about her nine-year stint as the weekend physician in charge of the psychiatric emergency room at the oldest public hospital in the United States whose name has become synonymous with insanity. Zwerling, Gail Berman, Lloyd Braun and Gene Stein are executive producing.

</doc>
<doc id="19837658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837658" title="2008 Tennis Masters Cup – Singles">
2008 Tennis Masters Cup – Singles

Roger Federer was the defending champion, but lost in the round robin. Rafael Nadal would have been seeded number one, but pulled out pre-tournament citing a knee injury
Novak Djokovic won in the final 6–1, 7–5, against Nikolay Davydenko.
Seeds.
<ol start=6>
<li> Jo-Wilfried Tsonga "(Round robin)
<li> Juan Martín del Potro "(Round robin)
<li> Gilles Simon "(Semifinals)
<li> Radek Štěpánek "(Round robin)
Draw.
Red Group.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5) Steering Committee decision."
Gold Group.
"Standings are determined by: 1) Number of wins; 2) Number of matches; 3) In two-players-ties, head-to-head records; 4) In three-players-ties, percentage of sets won, or of games won; 5) Steering Committee decision."

</doc>
<doc id="19837659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837659" title="Abramios the Recluse">
Abramios the Recluse

Saint Abramios the Recluse (290–360) was an early Christian hermit and ascetic from Edessa.
Biography.
Abramios was born in 290 AD in Edessa (modern-day Şanlıurfa, Turkey). On the day of his wedding, he left his fiancée and went to the coast of the Sea of Marmara, near Lampsacus (modern-day Lapseki). There, he lived in a cave and left it only two times: first, when he was ordered to baptise a pagan village; and second, to free his niece Maria from sin. He died in 360 AD.

</doc>
<doc id="19837670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837670" title="James Deakin (disambiguation)">
James Deakin (disambiguation)

James Deakin may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19837683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837683" title="Hacho Boyadzhiev">
Hacho Boyadzhiev

Hacho Kirilov Boyadzhiev () (20 January 1932 – 23 April 2012) was a Bulgarian television and film director.
He was probably best known as the director of the popular TV musical "The Phoney Civilization" (1974) as well as the director of the New Year's evening TV Variety-Shows broadcast by the national television.
Biography and career.
Boyadzhiev was born in Sofia under the name Imre as the illegitimate son of car racer and bohemian Dimitar Sokolov and 17-year-old Hungarian emigrant mother Piri, a milliner. However, his mothers' parents did not approve the two's relationship and he was adopted by the Novi Pazar merchant Kiril Boyadzhiev, whom he considers his real father, when he was six months old; the document was issued in Skopje. Until the death of his adoptive father, he didn't see his Hungarian mother by birth.
Boyadzhiev spent his childhood in Novi Pazar and then enrolled in the Saint Augustine French college in Plovdiv. During the Allied bombings of the city in 1943, he returned to Novi Pazar. In 1951, he began studying mathematics at Sofia University but soon moved to the National Academy for Theatre and Film Arts to study directing.
After graduating and heading the Vidin Theatre Boyadzhiev went to Beirut, Lebanon after an invitation by a fellow student. In Lebanon, he suffered a severe car crash due to a drugged taxi driver; of the six people in the car, only Boyadzhiev survived, although with a broken backbone. After his rehabilitation he worked as a make-up man for an Arabic movie. At age 28–29, he moved to Paris, France by becoming a stoker on a Beirut–Marseille steamship. In France he was a waiter in a bistro; it was at this time that he met filmmaker René Clair and went on to work as his assistant for three years.
Boyadzhiev also worked in New York City in the United States as well as Canada (as a CBS correspondent) and Hollywood and took his doctor's degree in cinema and television studies from the University of Cambridge. In 1963–1964, he started working with the Bulgarian National Television as a news director: among the best-known television programmes he has directed are "Flight Over the Night" and Todor Kolev's "How are we Going to Catch up with the Americans…?". From 1993 to 1995, he headed the Bulgarian National Television; in 1971–1979, he was the television's head director. He was married two times and had seven daughters, most from women he has not been married to. Three were born in Bulgaria and bear his family name, two were born in the United States, one in France and one in England.
He died on 23 April 2012 in Sofia.

</doc>
<doc id="19837684" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837684" title="Motor-Kritik">
Motor-Kritik

Motor-Kritik was the title of a progressive automotive magazine, published by the H.Bechhold Verlagsbuchhandlung in Germany from 1929 to 1945. It originated from the earlier Klein-Motor-Sport magazine.
History.
"Klein-Motor-Sport" was the title of a German magazine about motorcycles and small cars, founded by Civil-Ing. Oscar Ursinus and published from 1922 to 1929.
Publishing house H.Bechhold Verlagsbuchhandlung took over the unprofitable title in 1927. In order to revitalize the magazine, the publisher assigned the young progressive engineer and critical automotive journalist Josef Ganz as editor-in-chief. He started as from the first issue of January 1928. Josef Ganz used Klein-Motor-Sport as a platform to criticize heavy, unsafe and old-fashioned cars and promote innovative design. The magazine quickly gained in reputation and influence and, in January 1929, was renamed into the more appropriate title "Motor-Kritik".
‘With the ardent conviction of a missionary’, so post-war Volkswagen director Heinrich Nordhoff would later say, ‘Josef Ganz in "Motor-Kritik" attacked the old and well-established auto companies with biting irony.’ These companies fought against Motor-Kritik with lawsuits, slander campaigns and an advertising boycott. However, every new attempt for destruction only increased the publicity for the magazine and Josef Ganz firmly established himself as the leading independent automotive innovator in Germany.
As a Jew, however, Josef Ganz was forced to resign as editor-in-chief by the Gestapo in 1933. His position was taken over by his colleague Georg Ising, who remained editor-in-chief throughout the Second World War until the termination of the magazine in 1945.

</doc>
<doc id="19837692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837692" title="Spanish Inquisition Necklace">
Spanish Inquisition Necklace

The Spanish Inquisition Necklace is a diamond and emerald-studded necklace. As of 2008, it is on display at the Smithsonian Institution in Washington D.C., United States. It was given its name by Harry Winston, the American jeweller who acquired it from the Maharaja of Indore, and has no known connection with the historical Spanish Inquisition.
Provenance.
The emeralds threaded onto the necklace were originally mined in Colombia. The diamonds were mined in India. While the necklace's gemstones are believed to have been cut in India in the 17th century, the early history of the necklace itself is unknown. American jeweller Harry Winston, who named the necklace, claimed that it was owned first by Spanish royalty. However, the first recorded owner of the piece was Tukoji Rao III, Maharaja of Indore, then a Princely State within India, in the early 20th century. Upon his abdication, the necklace was passed to his son, Yashvantrao II, who took up his father's throne. 
In 1947, Yashvantrao sold the necklace to Harry Winston. Winston loaned the necklace out that year to actress Katharine Hepburn, who wore it to the 19th Academy Awards ceremony. The necklace formed part of Winston's "Court of Jewels", a nationally touring exhibition of jewels and jewellery including the Hope Diamond and the Star of the East. In 1955, Winston sold the necklace to Cora Hubbard Williams of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Williams held the necklace until 1972, when she bequeathed it to the Smithsonian Institution. Since then, it has been on display in the Janet Annenberg Hooker Hall of Geology, Gems and Minerals of the National Museum of Natural History in the Smithsonian Institution in Washington D.C.
Design.
The upper half of the necklace consists of many small diamonds threaded onto a silver chain. The lower half of the necklace is divided into two concentric semi-circular strands, each carrying eight pairs of "football-shaped" diamonds and four pairs of barrel-cut emeralds, arranged symmetrically. The centre of the lower strand holds a large emerald supporting a pendant which itself holds five smaller emeralds. The point where the upper and lower halves of the necklace join is marked by two large emeralds threaded onto the chain. Altogether, there are 15 emeralds and 374 diamonds in the necklace. The diamonds of the Spanish Inquisition Necklace are the oldest examples of cut diamonds in the Smithsonian Institution's National Gem Collection.

</doc>
<doc id="19837693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837693" title="Baby Life">
Baby Life

Baby Life is a simulation for the Nintendo DS. The gameplay of the game is somewhat similar with the Tamagotchi games but more complex.

</doc>
<doc id="19837694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837694" title="Milan Lešnjak">
Milan Lešnjak

Milan Lešnjak (, born 9 September 1975) is a Serbian football manager and former player.
Career.
Born in Belgrade, SR Serbia, SFR Yugoslavia, during his playing career he played with Red Star Belgrade, FK Obilić, Belgian Club Brugge K.V. and Russian FC Saturn Ramenskoye. After retiring he became a coach, first coaching the youth teams of OFK Beograd and Red Star Belgrade, later the Serbian youth national team, and since June 1, 2013, Serbian SuperLiga side FK Napredak Kruševac. In 2012 he was awarded by the Football Association of Serbia as the most perspective coach in Serbia.

</doc>
<doc id="19837695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837695" title="Sarah Marom-Shalev">
Sarah Marom-Shalev

Sarah Marom-Shalev (, born 23 September 1934) is an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Gil between 2006 and 2009.
Biography.
Born in Dorohoi in Romania, Marom-Shalev made aliyah to Israel in 1948, and today lives in Rehovot, and is divorced with two children. 
For the 2006 Knesset elections she was placed seventh on the Gil list, and became a Knesset member when the party won seven seats. In June 2008 she was one of three MKs to leave Gil and form the Justice for the Elderly faction. On 27 October 2008 the faction merged back into Gil.
She lost her seat in the 2009 elections when the party failed to cross the electoral threshold.

</doc>
<doc id="19837697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837697" title="Covers the Hits">
Covers the Hits

Covers the Hits is an album released in 2000 by American country music artist Sammy Kershaw. It is composed of ten cover songs, most of which were reprised from various tribute albums to which Kershaw contributed. Some of the material was previously recorded by Kershaw on his studio albums, including "Third Rate Romance", a Top 5 hit for him in 1994. The final track, "Little Bit More", was previously unreleased, and was recorded by Kershaw during the sessions for his 1997 album "Labor of Love".
Track listing.
This table denotes the songs contained on this album, as well as the albums from which each cover song was originally recorded. "Third Rate Romance", "More Than I Can Say", "Chevy Van", and "Memphis, Tennessee" were all previously recorded by Kershaw on previous studio albums.

</doc>
<doc id="19837711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837711" title="River Street Bridge (Charles River)">
River Street Bridge (Charles River)

The River Street Bridge is a bridge connecting River Street in Cambridge, MA to Cambridge Street in Allston, Boston, MA. It was built in 1925 by the Commonwealth of Massachusetts Metropolitan District Commission.
The bridge carries one-way traffic going east, into Cambridge. Westbound traffic must take the nearby Western Avenue Bridge.
History.
The original bridge at the site, a wooden drawbridge, was built in 1810. The bridge was built in response to the 1793 construction of the West Boston Bridge (at the site of the current Longfellow Bridge), because the two bridges together greatly shortened the route from Boston to Cambridge, which previously had to take a highway around the Back Bay through Roxbury.
The current reinforced-concrete bridge was constructed in 1925 with three arches that span 330 feet. It was designed by Robert P. Bellows in a style resembling the Pont Neuf in Paris.

</doc>
<doc id="19837713" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837713" title="The Truth About Poop">
The Truth About Poop

The Truth About Poop is a book by Susan E. Goodman and illustrated by Elwood H. Smith.
Book information.
The book has chapters about the nature of excrement, its production, varieties, uses in love, war, sports, the development of flushing toilets, toilet paper, and urban waste reclamation.
Reception.
A Kirkus Reviews review says, "A steaming pile of fun, redolent of wide-ranging research but most suited to recreational dipping, and a fine lead-in to Masoff's monumental Oh, Yuck/The Encyclopedia of Everything Nasty, illustrated by Terry Sirrell (2000)". A Publishers Weekly review says, "While Goodman delivers the straight stuff about international and U.S. bathroom practices, demonstrating that scrupulous research can be fun, Smith (Raise the Roof!) creates vaudevillean cartoons that suggest their steamy subject but don't get too close. This scatological documentary could make a splash". Rachel G. Payne, of School Library Journal, reviewed the book saying, " Even though the cover illustration of an elephant on a chamber pot may make browsers think it is a potty-training book, the rest of Smith's retro cartoons in muted colors provide humor without being too gross".

</doc>
<doc id="19837716" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837716" title="Cleve Haubold">
Cleve Haubold

Cleve Haubold (born 1930) is a playwright, actor, director, magician, and has a Phd in playwriting from the University of Texas at Austin.
Mr. Haubold was featured in the 1975-76 Who's Who in the South and Southwest.
From 1972 until 1976, Dr. Haubold was the director of the theatre department at Eastfield College in Mesquite, Texas, during which time he produced student productions of some of his plays, including The Big Black Box and the unpublished The Failure/Success of Bodger Fern. His one act play, The Big Black Box has become well known and often performed in Interscholastic League theatre competitions.
In 1958-1959, during the 14th theatre season (When it became the Department of Theatre Arts) at the Texas Christian University, Cleve E. Haubold directed a play. This play was called "The Little Hut" by Andre Roussin.
Magician.
Cleve Haubold, however, is often more well known as Van Cleve, the magician.
Haubold is recognized by the magic community for several things:
His adorable rabbit Elwood.
The invention of the Gag Bag. (The magician displays a small cloth bag. Each time he turns the bag inside out however, the bag changes color!) <http://illusionwarehouse.com/Cart/items.php?UID=20101021142725154.5.40.241&>
His routine called “The Miracle of the Little Orange Mouse” which is found in one of the early balloon sculpting books.
Was an active member of the Texas Association of Magicians(TAOM) Conventions
Scripting the original newspaper act of “Newspaper Magic”

</doc>
<doc id="19837731" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837731" title="Come Home (DVD)">
Come Home (DVD)

Come Home is the first DVD from number 1 British band The Feeling. It was released on Monday 17 November 2008, in the middle of their huge UK Tour, from 31 October to 2 December 2008. The DVD has 193 minutes worth of unseen footage of the hit band live in London, the French Alps, V Festival 2008 and Abbey Road.
Tracklisting.
EXTRAS

</doc>
<doc id="19837736" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837736" title="1995 Newsweek Champions Cup and the State Farm Evert Cup">
1995 Newsweek Champions Cup and the State Farm Evert Cup

The 1995 Newsweek Champions Cup and the State Farm Evert Cup were tennis tournaments played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 20th edition of the Indian Wells Masters and was part of the Super 9 of the 1995 ATP Tour and of Tier II of the 1995 WTA Tour. They were held at the Grand Champions Resort in Indian Wells, California in the United States, with the men's tournament played from March 6 through March 13, 1995 while the women's tournament took place from February 27 through March 5, 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="19837741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837741" title="List of Azerbaijani films of the 1920s">
List of Azerbaijani films of the 1920s

A list of films produced in Azerbaijan SSR ordered by year of release in the 1920s:
Films:1918-1990 see also List of Soviet films

</doc>
<doc id="19837755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837755" title="Finishing Becca">
Finishing Becca

Finishing Becca: A Story about Peggy Shippen and Benedict Arnold, by Ann Rinaldi, is a historical fiction published in 1994. It takes place during the revolutionary war (about 1778-1782).
A story of friendship and trust.

</doc>
<doc id="19837756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837756" title="Wabanquot (Chippewa chief)">
Wabanquot (Chippewa chief)

Wabanquot, Wabonaquod, Wah-bon-ah-quot, Wau-bon-a-quat or Wa-bon-o-quot (ca. 1830-1898) was an Ojibwa chief.
Biography.
Wabanquot (from the Ojibwe "Waabaanakwad": White Cloud) was born at Gull Lake, Minnesota, around 1830. He succeeded to the office of chief of the Ojibwa at the death of his father, Wabojeeg, one of the principal chiefs for the Gull Lake Band of Mississippi Chippewa. After the Dakota War of 1862, the Gull Lake Band was removed to the Leech Lake area. There, Wabanquot was considered by many to be the principal chief of the removed Mississippi bands of Chippewa. He was a signatory to the Treaty of Washington (1867) (), in which on June 14, 1868, he led his band to the White Earth Indian Reservation, where he lived until his death 30 years later. Upon his supposed conversion to Christianity sometime in the 1870s, he adopted the name D.G. Wright after an Episcopalian benefactor, but he rarely used his English name; however, sometime in the 1890s before his death, he converted to Roman Catholicism.

</doc>
<doc id="19837758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837758" title="Chris Parry">
Chris Parry

Chris Parry may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19837766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837766" title="Omer Joldić">
Omer Joldić

Omer Joldić (born January 1, 1977 in Tuzla) is a Bosnian footballer currently playing for FK Olimpik Sarajevo.

</doc>
<doc id="19837773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837773" title="First Congregational Church and Parsonage (Kittery, Maine)">
First Congregational Church and Parsonage (Kittery, Maine)

First Congregational Church and Parsonage in Kittery, Maine is a historic district consisting of a church, parsonage, and cemetery. The congregation was officially organized in 1714 (although regular preaching had occurred in Kittery since 1696), and current church building and parsonage were constructed in 1729 and 1733, respectively, with the support of merchant William Pepperrell, Sr., the father of French and Indian War hero, William Pepperrell, also an active member of the congregation. The buildings were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978; the boundary of the NRHP-listing was increased to include the cemetery in 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="19837794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837794" title="Hirmula">
Hirmula

Hirmula is a village in the municipality of Keminmaa in Lapland in north-western Finland.

</doc>
<doc id="19837795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837795" title="Indigo-Marsch">
Indigo-Marsch

Indigo-Marsch ("Indigo March"), opus 349, is a march composed by Johann Strauss II. Its melodies are incorporated from Strauss' first operetta, "Indigo und die vierzig Räuber" ("Indigo and the Forty Thieves"). The work was first performed on 9 April 1871 at a concert in the Musikverein in Vienna, with Eduard Strauss conducting.

</doc>
<doc id="19837798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837798" title="Baby Pals">
Baby Pals

Baby Pals is a simulation-style video game for the Nintendo DS that released in North America and in the PAL region in late 2007 and early 2008. The objective of the game is to take care of a virtual baby through certain tasks as feeding, bathing, and teaching just like a real father or mother would do. Players can choose the gender of the baby. This game is known as in Japan.
Alleged subliminal message.
According to news reports, a mother who purchased the game for her child reported that the babies in the game say something that sounds like "Islam is the light" under certain circumstances. The babies in the game generally do not have any spoken dialog. However, according to a representative from the game's publisher, Crave Entertainment, the sound bit came from "a recording of a 5-month-old baby babbling non-intelligible phrases." He pointed out that "the baby being recorded was too young to pronounce these words let alone a whole grammatically correct phrase."

</doc>
<doc id="19837799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837799" title="Abbas Zakour">
Abbas Zakour

Abbas Zakour (; , born 30 December 1965) is an Israeli Arab politician and a former member of the Knesset for the United Arab List.
Biography.
Born in Acre, Zakour gained a BA in Islamic Sciences at the Al-Quds University in 1990. He later worked as director of the Almotak newspaper.
For the 2006 Knesset elections he was placed fourth on the United Arab List list, and became a Knesset member when the party won four seats. In December 2008 he left the UAL and established a new party, the Arab Centre Party, to run in the 2009 Knesset elections. Zakour stated that the party would join "any leftist government that supports peace", and hopes to win four seats. Labor Party MK Raleb Majadele was asked to head the party, but turned the offer down. It was planned that Zakour would head the list, whilst former United Arab List and Arab National Party MK Muhamad Kanan would take second spot. However, Zakour later joined Balad, winning fourth place on its list, and the new party did not run. Balad won three seats in the election, meaning Zakour lost his place in the Knesset.
In 2006, Zakour was stabbed and lightly wounded by a gang of Russian immigrants shouting anti-Arab chants. The attack was part of a "stabbing rampage" and was described as a "hate crime".
Zakour lives in Acre, and is married with six children.

</doc>
<doc id="19837801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837801" title="Nenad Gagro">
Nenad Gagro

Nenad Gagro (born September 27, 1975) is a retired Herzegovian player of Croatian ethnicity.

</doc>
<doc id="19837806" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837806" title="Western Avenue Bridge">
Western Avenue Bridge

The Western Avenue Bridge is a bridge carrying Western Avenue over the Charles River between Cambridge, Massachusetts and Allston, Boston. It was built in 1924 by the Commonwealth of Massachusetts Metropolitan District Commission.
The bridge carries one-way traffic going west, into Allston. Eastbound traffic must take the nearby River Street Bridge.
History.
The original bridge on the site was the River Street Bridge (not to be confused with the modern River Street Bridge just down the river) constructed in 1824.

</doc>
<doc id="19837821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837821" title="Ilmola">
Ilmola


</doc>
<doc id="19837835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837835" title="Joseph Triay">
Joseph Triay

Joseph (J.E.) Emmanuel Triay QC (5 October 1931 – 3 July 2012) was a Gibraltarian lawyer and politician, best known for having been one of the promoters of the "Doves" in the 1960s.
Joseph Triay's daughter Cristina is married to Peter Caruana, former Chief Minister of Gibraltar.
Education and legal career.
Son to S.P. Triay QC, J.E. was born in Gibraltar in October 1931, and educated at an English boarding school. He was called to the Middle Temple and the bar in Gibraltar in 1952 and became Queen's Counsel in 1982. Following the sudden death of his father, J.E. and his brother, J.J. inherited their father's law firm later to become Triay & Triay.
Political career and controversy.
At the height of Franco's campaign against Gibraltar in his attempt to claim its sovereignty during the 1960s, J.E. was involved in great controversy when he, as one of the group calling themselves the "Doves" advocated a political settlement with Spain and made contact with the Spanish Government of the time. The Gibraltarian public reaction was to revolt, bringing about the worst and most violent riot in its recent history. The Triay & Triay chambers were ransacked and J.E. suffered an attack to his home shortly after the publication of a letter advocating such political settlement. His yacht, the "Patricia E", was the subject of an arson attack a few months later. 
Triay was involved in local politics during the 1970s. He stood for the 1976 election, as an independent, and in the 1980 election, as leader of the Party for the Autonomy of Gibraltar. He later concentrated on his law practice and never spoke again publicly about politics, nor apologised for the controversial political views he held.
Death.
Triay died in July 2012 aged 80.

</doc>
<doc id="19837837" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837837" title="Tales of the Night">
Tales of the Night

Tales of the Night (French: ) is a 1992 French silhouette animation television special written and directed by Michel Ocelot. It aired on Canal+ in France, ZDF in Germany and Channel 4 in the United Kingdom. It is a trilogy of three further fairy tales in much the same format as "Ciné si".
Plot.
A boy, a girl and an old technician get together in an abandoned cinema to invent stories, the boy and the girl play after then made costumes. The three stories are "" ("The Pretty Girl and the Sorcerer"), "" ("The Dancing Shepherdess") and "" ("The Prince of Jewels"). Unlike "La Princesse insensible" and "Ciné si", "Les Contes" is on 35 mm film.
Release.
"Le Prince des joyaux" was also shown in French cinemas in 1994 (and later released on VHS) as part of the Folimage-organised package film "Le Petit Cirque et autres contes". All three individual segments (though still lacking the original opening, ending and bridging segments) were made available on DVD-Video with the release of "Les Trésors cachés" de Michel Ocelot in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19837842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837842" title="Poets Union">
Poets Union

The Poets Union is a not-for-profit organisation representing Australian poets, founded in Melbourne in 1977, it is now Sydney based. Its aim is to advocate the role of poetry as a major art form in Australia. Every second year it presents the Australian Poetry Festival and the Union organises readings, workshops, tours, and festivals around the country. Its flagship publication, "5 Bells" (named after the poem by Australian poet Kenneth Slessor) is issued each quarter and features articles and poetry by its members. The poets union has over 600 members.
Its current committee is:
The Poets Union is currently supported by the Australia Council, the NSW Ministry for the Arts, and Sydney City Council. The Union employs a Poetry Development Officer, currently Martin Langford, and an Office Manager.

</doc>
<doc id="19837844" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837844" title="Charmaine Chinapen">
Charmaine Chinapen

Charmaine Chinapen (born 1987) is a beauty pageant contestant from Belize. A student at the University of St. John's in New York, USA., she represented Belize in Miss World 2008, held on December 13 in Johannesburg, South Africa. She was born in Curaçao, in island in the Netherlands Antilles, and moved to several countries before settling in Belize as her home at the age of nine, and became a citizen along with her immediate family. She has one brother, Kevin; her father is in the banking industry, and her mother returned to university.

</doc>
<doc id="19837850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837850" title="Vincenzo Riccati">
Vincenzo Riccati

Vincenzo Riccati (Castelfranco Veneto, 11 January 1707 – Treviso, 17 January 1775) was an Italian mathematician and physicist. He was the brother of Giordano Riccati, and the second son of Jacopo Riccati.
Riccati's main research continued the work of his father in mathematical analysis, especially in the fields of the differential equations and physics. The Riccati equation is named after his father.

</doc>
<doc id="19837871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837871" title="Jay Allen">
Jay Allen

Jay Allen (Seattle, 7 July 1900 – 1972) was an American journalist.
Biography.
Career.
Between 1925 and 1934, he was a correspondent for the "Chicago Tribune" in France, Belgium, Spain, Italy, Austria, Germany, Poland and the Balkans. In 1930, he met important leaders of the Spanish Socialist Party (PSOE): Juan Negrín, Luis Araquistáin, Julio Álvarez del Vayo, Rodolfo Llopis in Spain. He also knew important leaders of the Spanish right such as José Calvo Sotelo and José Antonio Primo de Rivera. In 1934, he covered the uprising in Asturias for the "Chicago Tribune". He was briefly imprisoned because he helped to hide some socialist leaders from the police. After his release he went to live in Torremolinos and over the next two years traveled across Spain to gather information for a book about the agrarian problem in Spain.
Spanish civil war.
When the Spanish Civil War started, he covered the conflict for the "Chicago Tribune". In July 1936 he interviewed general Francisco Franco (leader of the rebels and future dictator of Spain).
Allen was the first American journalist to report on the massacre of Badajoz. On 23 August 1936, nine days after the fall of the city, he entered Badajoz and saw the executions taking place. On 30 August the "Chicago Tribune" published its report on the massacre: “Slaughter of 4,000 at Badajoz, city of horrors”, the first report about it in the United States. As a result, the nationals put a price on his head and the supporters of the Nationals in the States started a campaign against Allen. In November 1936 he interviewed the chief of Spanish falange José Antonio Primo de Rivera who was imprisoned in Valencia. It was the last interview before his execution. After that, Allen returned to the United States.
Second World War and after.
In 1940 he went to France as a correspondent for the North American Newspaper Alliance. There he helped to organize a group to help French artists to flee the country. Because of this the Gestapo arrested him in 1941, although he was later freed. In 1942 he took part in the campaign of north África. After that, he returned to America and worked for various newspapers until his death in 1972.

</doc>
<doc id="19837885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837885" title="Dilaver Zrnanović">
Dilaver Zrnanović

Dilaver Zrnanović (born November 17, 1984 in Sarajevo) is a Bosnian footballer who plays for Simurq.
In August 2012 Zrnanović joined Azerbaijan Premier League side Simurq. Zrnanović made his debut for Simurq on 4 August 2012 in a 1-1 draw against Gabala. Zrnanović went on to make 44 appearances for Simurq before being released on 3 January 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="19837891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837891" title="Niels G. Larsen">
Niels G. Larsen

Niels G. Larsen was born on December 13, 1879, in Copenhagen, Denmark and died on – October 25, 1956 in Monterrey, Mexico. He was a Danish brewer and a promoter of the Mexican beer industry.
Life.
Niels Georg was born in Copenhagen, Denmark on December 13, 1879, in the Tvedes brewery. His father was Sophus Larsen, a brewer, and his mother was Eline Svare. He began working at the early age of 15, at the Tuborg Brewery in Copenhagen. In 1904 he went to Germany to study the art of making beer and got a masters degree in Brewery at the Weihenstefan School of Brewery in Munich.
He returned to Denmark and worked as an assistant at the Tuborg brewery. In 1907, he moved to Norway to work at a local brewery. Seven years later, in 1914, he traveled to Córdoba, Argentina, to work at the "Cervecería de Río Segundo" brewery. In 1918, he married Maria Anderson, and had 5 children with: Ellen, Olaf, Alba, Erik and Else.
In 1927, Niels and his family moved to the city of Quito, Ecuador, to work at the La Victoria brewery, which was owned by a Danish family named Vorbeck. Neils returned to Copenhagen and became a businessman, buying a local brewery in the city of Silkeborg. Two years later, Neils sold the brewery to accept an invitation from Luis Garza Sada to come to Mexico to work at the brewery Cervecería Cuauhtémoc, in Monterrey, Nuevo León. Niels worked here for 22 years at, until he retired in September 1955.
Niels came to Mexico in a time where the Mexican beer industry began to recover from the Mexican Revolution. Niels´ experience and knowledge helped the Mexican beer industry grow. During Niels´ administration, Cervecería Cuauhtémoc increased its production from 130,000 hectoliters per year in 1932 to more than a million hectoliters in 1950.
Niels was a member of the Danish Brewery Association for more than 50 years, and was also a member of the American Brewery Association, leading many conferences in the United States.
On October 17, 1956, just days before the wedding of his daughter Ellen, a car ran over him in Monterrey. He died at the Muguerza Hospital on October 25, 1956.

</doc>
<doc id="19837896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837896" title="Carnevalsbilder">
Carnevalsbilder

Carnevalsbilder ("Carnival Pictures"), opus 357, is a waltz composed by Johann Strauss II. The waltz is based on melodies from Strauss' operetta "Der Karneval in Rom". Strauss conducted its first performance in Vienna on July 9 1873. Oscar Straus later arranged the second waltz theme of "Carnevalsbilder" for his operetta "Drei Walzer" ("Three Waltzes") as the soprano aria "Ich liebe das Leben" (better known in its French version as "Je t'aime").

</doc>
<doc id="19837899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837899" title="Cold antibody hemolytic anemia">
Cold antibody hemolytic anemia

Cold antibody hemolytic anemia can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19837902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837902" title="I Finally Found Someone (album)">
I Finally Found Someone (album)

I Finally Found Someone is the title of a studio album released by country music artists Lorrie Morgan and Sammy Kershaw, who were then married to each other. It was released in 2001 by RCA Records Nashville, and it is largely composed of duets between the two artists. Six of the songs are duets, while the other six are solo efforts (three from each artist). The only chart single from this album was "He Drinks Tequila", one of the duets, which peaked at #39 on the "Billboard" country charts. The title track is a cover of the Barbra Streisand/Bryan Adams duet. "What a Wonderful World", a cover of a song made famous by Louis Armstrong, is also included here.

</doc>
<doc id="19837922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837922" title="The News Herald (North Carolina)">
The News Herald (North Carolina)

The News Herald is a daily newspaper based in Morganton, North Carolina covering Burke County.
<br clear=right>

</doc>
<doc id="19837924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837924" title="Babysitting Mania">
Babysitting Mania

Babysitting Mania is a simulation-style, time-management game developed by Gogii Games and available for Microsoft Windows and the Nintendo DS. The game allows the player to babysit many virtual children while cleaning the house and managing parties all under a certain time limit. The game is available for free as a download from iWin.com.
The player has a limited amount of time to keep the chaos meter down by clicking items with a red outline, washing clothes, or putting rubbish in the bin. If the player does not manage the chaos, the player will not be able to put the children to bed. If the player does not it before the parents come home then the player will have to retry the level. To make it more difficult, there are different and larger houses in which the kids get more chaotic.

</doc>
<doc id="19837935" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837935" title="Munever Rizvić">
Munever Rizvić

Munever Rizvić (born November 4, 1973) is a retired Bosnia and Herzegovina footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="19837948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837948" title="1917 Ohio State Buckeyes football team">
1917 Ohio State Buckeyes football team

The 1917 Ohio State Buckeyes football team represented the Ohio State University in the college football season of 1917-1918. The Buckeyes compiled a 8–0–1 record and became Big Ten champions for the second straight year with a 4-0 record in conference play. The Bucks outscored opponents 292-6.

</doc>
<doc id="19837950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837950" title="Fortunat">
Fortunat

Fortunat (English: Fortunate) is a 1960 Franco-Italian co-production motion picture comedy directed and written by Alex Joffé, based on novel by Michel Breitman. The film stars Bourvil and Michèle Morgan.
It tells the story of a lazy man who helps sociable lady and her children from the Nazis.
Plot.
At the time of the occupation of France, the destiny joins together the poacher Fortunat, honest guy somewhat related to drink and Juliette, elegant woman accompanied by her two children: Pierre and Maurice. Miss Massillon, a helpful teacher, tries to help Juliette who is sought by the Nazis since her husband, a chief of resistance, was stopped. Juliette and her children must gain the free zone to take refuge in Toulouse. For that it is necessary for them to cross the line of demarcation. It is Fortunat which is charged to lead in sure place the two children and their mother. Close links will link Fortunat and Juliette. A scene of film implies clearly that they have a sexual relationship at least once. But the release occurs and Juliette finds her husband. Fortunat sets out again then towards its destiny of solitary man.

</doc>
<doc id="19837971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837971" title="Valdese News">
Valdese News

The Valdese News was a newspaper based in Valdese, North Carolina covering Burke County. The newspaper was published from 1938 through 1950.
<br clear=right>

</doc>
<doc id="19837992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837992" title="Ken Sears (baseball)">
Ken Sears (baseball)

Kenneth Eugene Sears (July 6, 1917 in Streator, Illinois – July 17, 1968 in Bridgeport, Texas) was an American professional baseball catcher who played in Major League Baseball (MLB) during the and seasons. He played with the New York Yankees and the St. Louis Browns. He had a .282 career batting average in 67 career games and batted left and threw right-handed. He played college baseball at the University of Alabama.
He played in the minor leagues for 8 seasons with the Amsterdam Rugmakers, Norfolk Tars, Newark Bears, Kansas City Blues, San Antonio Missions, Little Rock Travelers and Borger Gassers.
Sears was the son of Ziggy Sears, an MLB umpire. 

</doc>
<doc id="19837997" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837997" title="Rishtey (TV series)">
Rishtey (TV series)

Rishtey was a television series that aired on Zee TV channel, featuring small stories of human relationships. The show highlights the essence of life and brings to the forefront, the various aspects of human relationships, such as husbands & wives, lovers, parents & children, friends & siblings in a manner that will touch your heart. Each episode delves into the intricate lives of the characters, their circumstances and their deepest emotions in a manner that will touch your heart.

</doc>
<doc id="19837998" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19837998" title="Anthony Haswell (passenger rail advocate)">
Anthony Haswell (passenger rail advocate)

Anthony Haswell is an attorney who, in 1967, founded the National Association of Railroad Passengers, serving as its Chairman and Executive Director through 1974. During that time he was deeply involved in the development, refinement and enactment of the legislation which created Amtrak, testifying before numerous Congressional committees and working closely with committee staff. From 1975 to 1977, he was Managing Director of Passenger Services of the Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad, where he assisted with the transfer of the company's Chicago commuter trains to Metra.

</doc>
<doc id="19838001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838001" title="Tzomborgha">
Tzomborgha

Tzomborgha is the 10th Full-length album by Ruins, released in 2002 by Ipecac Recordings. It is the final full-length album to feature Ruins as a two-piece. The Black Sabbath Medley also appears on the Temporary Residence Black Sabbath tribute "Everything Comes & Goes."
Track listing.
All tracks written by Ruins.

</doc>
<doc id="19838003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838003" title="Vedran Celiščak">
Vedran Celiščak

Vedran Celišćak (born 16 July 1982) is a Croatian footballer currently playing for Croatia Grabrovnica.

</doc>
<doc id="19838006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838006" title="Ed Lincoln">
Ed Lincoln

Ed Lincoln ("Eduardo Lincoln Barbosa de Sabóia"; May 31, 1932 – July 16, 2012) was a Brazilian musician, composer and arranger known for a wide variety of styles. As a bassist, he was present at the earliest moments of bossa nova and as a Hammond organ player, he was foundational in establishing the sound of Brazilian jazz and space age pop.
His most widely heard compositions include "O Ganso" (Ed Lincoln and D'Orlann), "É o Cid" (Ed Lincoln and Sílvio César), "Palladium" (Ed Lincoln and Orlandivo) and "Ai que Saudade Dessa Nega". His most successful arrangements include "O Bêbado" (Durval Ferreira and Orlandivo), "Na Onda do Berimbau" (Oswaldo Nunes), "Romantic Partners" (Nilo Sérgio) and "The Blues Walk", the latter in collaboration with American trumpeter Clifford Brown.
Early years.
Lincoln was born on May 31, 1932 in Fortaleza, capital of Ceará, Brazil. His mother played organ in the local Presbyterian Church and his older sister learned classical piano at home, but Lincoln himself did not play until he saw the film "Rhapsody in Blue" as a young teenager, and rushed home to scribble notes on musical staff paper. He began learning popular songs such as Ary Barroso's "Aquarela do Brasil". Playing piano at age 16, Lincoln formed a trio with a cousin and a friend, and performed on a weekly program on Radio Iracema. Lincoln was at the same time the sports editor for the newspaper "Diário do Povo".
Lincoln's early influences included jazz performances by Shorty Rogers, Gerry Mulligan, J. J. Johnson & Kai Winding, and Chet Baker; artists whose recordings he heard played on the hi-fi systems belonging to the parents of his rich friends.
At 18, Lincoln left Ceará for Rio de Janeiro to study architecture. There, Lincoln began performing on piano each midday for Radio Roquette Pinto, where he met and formed friendships with a variety of musicians including Luizinho Eça, Johnny Alf, Geraldo Vandré, Sergio Ricardo, Juquinha (bossa nova drummer), Dick Farney and Tom Jobim. Lincoln pestered the radio station engineers to play him all the newest North American jazz discs, and formed an early appreciation for the work of Oscar Peterson.
Double bass.
Lincoln agreed to form a combo with Luiz Eça and Johnny Alf, even though they asked him to play double bass, an instrument he had never touched. After the new trio signed a contract with the Plaza Bar at the Plaza Hotel in Rio, Lincoln used his share of the advance money to buy a bass, learning it in one week. The trio was a success. After some time, Lincoln began to gain notability as a talented young bassist at jam sessions, and recorded with Trio Plaza, Maestro Radamés Gnattali Quintet and took part in the first bossa nova recording produced by Aloisio de Oliveira. Eça left to study music in Vienna, and Lincoln reformed the trio with himself on piano, Baden Powell on guitar and Luiz Marinho on bass: the Hotel Plaza Trio. The trio included a fourth musician, singer Claudette Soares, billed as the "Princess of the Baiao". Lincoln saw further success with this group, and continued to participate in after-hours jam sessions around town, making friends with Sylvia Telles, Carlos Lyra, Miele & Bôscoli, Garoto, João Donato, João Gilberto, Tom Jobim, Milton Banana and even Ary Barroso.
Hammond organ.
In 1958, Lincoln was playing bass regularly for Hammond organist and club owner Djalma Ferreira at the popular Drink Club in Rio de Janeiro. After Ferreira was wounded by a gunshot to the belly (delivered by business rivals), Lincoln was taken to the club at 5 o'clock in the evening on Friday and directed to learn to play the organ by 9 o'clock when the club opened. Previously, Lincoln had not been allowed to touch the instrument, but he proceeded to teach himself enough of its idiosyncrasies that he was able to successfully lead Conjunto Drink through a busy evening. Lincoln soon discovered that the Hammond organ allowed him to use his skill at the piano keyboard while bringing the supporting knowledge of his bass line experience to the organ's foot pedals. The electronic organ also provided a new array of synthetic tonalities he could experiment with.
Solo career.
On November 2, 1958, Lincoln recorded an album for Helium, a small record label. The owner of Helium decided that 'Eduardo Lincoln' was not commercial enough as a name, and released the album as "Ao Teu Ouvido" (In Your Ear) by Ed Lincoln. The album was re-released at various times under other titles including "Boite", "Impacto" and "Ontem Hoje e Sempre".
Lincoln signed with Musidisc in 1960 and released another solo album, "This is Ed Lincoln", or "Órgão Espetacular" (Organ Spectacular), in 1961. Lincoln combined piano and Hammond organ lines by using recording studio technology to double and triple himself in the same song. The first cut on the album was his childhood favorite, "Aquarela do Brasil".
20-year-old Eumir Deodato filled in for Lincoln in 1963 when a car accident put Lincoln in recovery for seven months.
Later years.
In 1968, Lincoln formed his own record label: De Savoya Discos, releasing a self-titled album with liner notes on the back explaining that the 12 songs were in 12 styles that were very different from each other to show the artist's facility as a performer and composer. He formed the "DeSavoya Combo" and began producing albums and arranging songs for other artists, including Elza Soares in the 1970s.
In 1989, Polygram released what would be Ed Lincoln's last solo album, "Ed Lincoln: Novo Toque" (New Touch). Lincoln began to use computers as a composition tool on this album, beginning with a Commodore 64. After that, Lincoln concentrated on producing and arranging.
In the 1990s, some of Ed Lincoln's releases were pirated and played widely by disc jockeys in England to become successful as source material for dance tracks. Two such songs were "Cochise" and "Se Você Quiser".
Several albums have been recorded in Rio at Lincoln's "Studio Ed Lincoln", including one by Marvio Ciribelle called "Era só o que Faltava" in 1993. Lincoln occasionally accepts recording dates, and appeared playing organ on one track, "Conversa Mole", on an Ed Motta album released in 2000. 
Death.
Ed Lincoln died on July 16, 2012, in Rio de Janeiro. Lincoln was 80 years old and he died of respiratory failure. 
Pseudonyms.
Ed Lincoln recorded under many different names during his career; at times he used a new name for each musical style or for each new record. He was originally listed as Eduardo Lincoln when taking part in larger ensembles, then became Ed Lincoln in 1958. He recorded a single album as "Don Pablo de Havana" in 1962, five albums as "Les 4 Cadillacs" or "Os 4 Cadillacs" from 1961 to 1964 and he arranged, produced and performed with the "De Savoya Combo" in 1969 for his own label "Savoya Discos". In the 1970s and 1980s, he recorded under a large number of American-sounding names. Other aliases include Berry Benton, Cláudio Marcello and "Muchacho nas Bocas". More recently, Lincoln created recordings alone at his computer under the names "Orquestra Romance Tropical", Gloria Benson and "Orquestra Los Angeles".
Personal life.
Lincoln had two sons, Marcos and Marcelo Sabóia, who have carried their father's legacy by involving themselves in his recording studio business.
Filmography.
Lincoln appeared in four films: "Colégio de Brotos" (1955), "Vamos com Calma" (1956), "Na Onda do Iê-Iê-Iê" (1966) and "Estranho triângulo" (1970). He composed the music for two films, the musical comedy "Adorável Trapalhão" in 1967 (in which he also appeared as himself) and the musical "Juventude e Ternura" in 1968, working with Érlon Chaves on the latter film.

</doc>
<doc id="19838012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838012" title="Miss Belize">
Miss Belize

Miss Belize is the title given to the winner(s) of beauty pageants held yearly in Belize to select a national beauty ambassador to represent Belize at major international pageants such as Miss Universe, Miss World, Miss Earth, Miss International and also to other minor international and regional pageants. 
History.
In the early years, there was one pageant held yearly to select a Belizean representative for the Miss Universe pageant, with either that same winner or a runner-up representing Belize at Miss World. Recently there have been the emergence of different pageants to select representatives for the different international pageants as opposed to just one pageant with several winners.
Some of the major pageant companies and organizations include Pageants Belize Ltd. (Michael Arnold); Queen of the Bay Committee (Emma Boiton); Queen of the Jewel Ltd. (Opal Enriquez); Belize International Pageants Ltd. (Darlene Clarke Campbell); Leilah Pandy Enterprises Pageantry & Modeling (LPELL) (Leilah Pandy, former Miss Belize); & Teens Belize Organization (Kenny & Tracey Jacobs).
Even though Belize's performance at international pageants has been less than stellar, Belize's presence at regional pageants such as Miss Costa Maya International, has been respectable, garnering two winners and a few finalists. Beauty ambassadors who have achieved some success for Belize include Sarita Diana Acosta, Chantae Chanice Guy, Leilah Anne Magdalena Pandy, Maria Jeffery, and Opal Enriquez.
In 2008, one of the biggest controversies arose. Miss Belize Universe 2008, Melissa Tanisha Vernon held a press conference in March in which various queens competing under Pageants Belize banner – Miss Belize Universe 2007-08 Tanisha Vernon, her predecessor Maria Jeffrey, Miss Belize World 2007-08 Felicita Arzu, Mini Belize Venisha Price, Miss Belize Earth Leilah Pandy, Miss Belize Top Model Tracey Robateau, Mini Universe Princess - lashed out at Pageants Belize director Margaret Johnson for not keeping her promises and handing over prizes the young women won, and denounced various snafus that dented their chances at success in the Miss Universe and Miss World contests held, respectively, in Sanya, China last December, and Mexico City, Mexico, last May.
The last elected Miss Belize Universe is Melissa Tanisha Vernon (2008); Miss Belize World is Chantae Chanice Guy (2012); Miss Belize Earth is Jessel Monique Lauriano (2012) ; Miss Belize International is Destinee Dominique Arnold - officially, Queen of the Jewel (2012).
Titleholders.
Below is the list of delegates from Belize in the Big Four international pageants. 
Miss Belize.
The winner of Miss Belize represents her country at Miss Universe. On occasion, when the winner does not qualify (due to age) for either contest, a runner-up is sent. Since 2008, Miss Belize did not compete at the Miss Universe.
Miss Belize World.
The 1st Runner-up or sometimes Winner of Miss Belize represents her country at Miss World. On occasion, when the candidate does not qualify (due to age) for either contest, another girl is sent. Since 2008, Miss World Belize winner will compete at Miss World.
"Note:"
Miss Belize Earth.
Since 2008, Miss Earth Belize winner will compete at Miss Earth.
Miss Belize International.
Since 2011, Queen of Jewel Belize winner will compete at Miss International.
Miss Belize at International pageants.
Below is the list of delegates from Belize in various minor international pageants. 

</doc>
<doc id="19838016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838016" title="Itäkoski">
Itäkoski


</doc>
<doc id="19838018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838018" title="Televisión Mexiquense">
Televisión Mexiquense

Mexiquense TV, also known as Canal 34, is a public television network for the Mexican state of México. The network's main station, XHPTP-TV channel 34 (analog) and channel 41 (digital), originates from Tres Padres Peak in the municipality of Coacalco de Berriozabal, State of Mexico. The network and its stations are owned by "Sistema de Radio y Televisión Mexiquense" (Mexican Radio and Television System); its coverage area is the Cuautitlán Valley, Texcoco, the Metropolitan Zone of Mexico City, the State of Mexico and the Federal District.
For the capital city of Toluca and the surrounding Toluca Valley area, "Televisión Mexiquense" retransmits its signal via XHGEM-TV channel 12.
History.
A little more than a year after the initial sign-on of the first station, on July 10, 1984 the "Televisión Mexiquense" broadcasting system was deployed using the following transmitters:
Due to the expansion of Imevisión, which intended to use channel 7 as part of its national network, in 1988 the XHGEM-TV Metepec signal was moved from channel 7 (where it had been since its original September 26, 1984 sign-on) to channel 12.
In 1998, responsibility for "Televisión Mexiquense" was transferred to the newly formed "Sistema de Radio y Televisión Mexiquense", part of the Secretariat of Education, Culture and Social Welfare of the state of Mexico.
In 1999, coverage was extended to the east of the Mexican capital, covering the Cuautitlán-Texcoco Valley and the Federal District, by means of XHPTP-TV channel 34 and a broadcast tower atop Three Padres Peak in the municipality of Coacalco.
Due largely to expansion in coverage of the "Televisión Mexiquense" signals, on November 11, 1999, the responsibility for "Sistema de Radio y Televisión Mexiquense" was moved away from the Secretariat of Education, Culture and Social Welfare to the direct responsibility of the Government of the State of Mexico. Some drastic changes in the programming content followed, departing largely from coverage of very local subjects that previously had occupied most of the broadcast schedule.
After the year 2000, "Televisión Mexiquense" began expansion of its signal to other parts of the Republic and internationally, taking advantage of new technologies and the growing popularity of subscription television. In 2001, the Sky System and the Solidaridad (Solidarity) II satellite extended its signal nationwide. Coverage was extended to Cablevisión subscribers in November 2003.
In 2004, with the obsolescence of the Solidaridad II satellite, "Televisión Mexiquense" migrated to a new Mexican government-owned satellite, Satmex 5. Its network coverage area now extended outside Mexican national territory, reaching the United States, southern Canada, the Caribbean, Central America and most of South America.
On June 25, 2004, the "Televisión Mexiquense" signal was carried live for the first time via Internet streaming video.
Programming.
The channel offers a varied selection of programming, both in style and target audience. Much of its programming is created in-house, which allows the station to avoid depending exclusively on acquired programs, syndicated fare that almost exclusively consisted of movies, foreign soap operas and cartoons.

</doc>
<doc id="19838027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838027" title="Jokisuu">
Jokisuu


</doc>
<doc id="19838034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838034" title="Laurila">
Laurila


</doc>
<doc id="19838050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838050" title="Darika">
Darika

Darika is a character in Mudiyettu, a ritualistic dance from the Bhagavathi or Bhadrakali cult, usually performed only in the Kali temples of Kerala. The story is also known as "Darika vadham", or "death of Darika".
In the story, Brahma granted immunity from death at the hands of any man to two of the fiercest Asuras (or demons) Darika and Danavendra, but with a curse that a woman would kill them. The two grew powerful and became a threat for the gods and godly men. After several attempts by the gods to defeat them, Lord Siva created Bhadrakali following the design given by Narada. All the gods donated their special weapons, and Bhadrakali succeeded in destroying the demons after a fierce battle.

</doc>
<doc id="19838058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838058" title="Spanish Inquisition (disambiguation)">
Spanish Inquisition (disambiguation)

The Spanish Inquisition was a Catholic ecclesiastical tribunal established in Spain in 1478.
Spanish Inquisition may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19838059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838059" title="Lautiosaari">
Lautiosaari


</doc>
<doc id="19838063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838063" title="Liedakkala">
Liedakkala


</doc>
<doc id="19838087" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838087" title="Miro Katić">
Miro Katić

Miro Katić (born February 2, 1974) is a Bosnian footballer currently playing for RNK Split.
Club career.
Katić previously played for NK Međimurje in the Croatian Prva HNL.

</doc>
<doc id="19838097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838097" title="Noé Willer">
Noé Willer

Noé Willer (real name : Hubert Sebban) is a former French singer. He was active from the 1960s to the early 1990s. He achieved success with his 1985 hit "Toi, femme publique", which peaked at #11 in France. He also composed songs for various artists, such as Nicolas Pinelli, Au Fil du Temps, Daniel Hamelin, Flash !, Michel Steffen, Sweeties, Silver, Madéï Thémis and Harry Williams.

</doc>
<doc id="19838100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838100" title="Stephen Wise Free Synagogue">
Stephen Wise Free Synagogue

The Stephen Wise Free Synagogue is a synagogue located at 30 West 68th Street in the New York City borough of Manhattan.
In 1905, Rabbi Stephen Samuel Wise then serving a congregation in Portland, Oregon, was under consideration as Rabbi of Temple Emanu–El in New York City, but withdrew his name after learning that his sermons would be reviewed in advance by the synagogue's board of trustees. In January 1906, "The New York Times" published a letter from Rabbi Wise that stated that the demands placed on him raised the "question whether the pulpit shall be free or whether the pulpit shall not be free, and, by reason of its loss of freedom, reft of its power for good." The Times noted that Wise planned to head to New York to "organize and lead an independent Jewish religious movement."
Within months of this letter, Rabbi Wise started work toward a "free synagogue" holding services at the Hudson Theater on West 47th Street and on the Lower East Side. At a meeting on April 15, 1907, Henry Morgenthau, Sr. told the more than hundred assembled at the Hotel Savoy that "The Free Synagogue is to be free and democratic in its organization; it is to be pewless and dueless."
In 1910, the congregation's 500 members celebrated Rosh Hashanah at Carnegie Hall, and a number of brownstones were purchased on West 68th Street in 1911 as the site of a permanent home for the synagogue. Branches of the Free Synagogue were started in the Bronx, Washington Heights, Manhattan, Flushing, Queens, Westchester County, New York and Newark, New Jersey in the period from 1914 to 1920.
Rabbi Wise founded the congregation in 1907 as the "Free Synagogue" and served as its religious leader until his death on April 19, 1949. Wise designated Rabbi Edward E. Klein as his successor. At a meeting of the congregation in May 1949, members voted unanimously to incorporate Rabbi Wise's name into the formal name of the congregation.
Rabbi Balfour Brickner led the congregation from 1980 to 1992. During his leadership Brickner used the pulpit to speak out against US policies in Central America and with the South African Apartheid regime, and spoke out for the rights of Palestinians. He brought a more participatory service and made himself more accessible to members of the congregation. Rabbi Ammiel Hirsch, former Executive Director of the Association of Reform Zionists of America/World Union for Progressive Judaism, North America, became senior rabbi in 2004.
Cemetery.
The synagogue created the Westchester Hills Cemetery of the Free Synagogue in Hastings-on-Hudson, New York in 1919 when it acquired the northern portion of the non–sectarian Mount Hope Cemetery, which had been created in the 19th century. There are some 1,500 individual grave sites, a Community Mausoleum with 138 crypts, and other mausoleums for individuals and families.
Westchester Hills is the interment site of John Garfield, George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin, Judy Holiday, Billy Rose, Lee Strasberg, David Susskind, Rabbi Stephen S. Wise and of members of the Barricini, Guggenheim, Tisch, and Millstein families.

</doc>
<doc id="19838101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838101" title="International Eurasia Film Festival">
International Eurasia Film Festival

International Eurasia Film Festival was a film festival that took place annually from 2005 to 2008 in Antalya, Turkey. The festival was jointly organised by the Turkish Foundation of Cinema and Audio-visual Culture (TURSAK) and the Antalya Foundation for Culture and Arts (AKSAV) in conjunction with the Antalya Golden Orange Film Festival. The festival was absorbed into the main body of the renamed International Antalya Golden Orange Film Festival after AKSAV took sole control of the festival in 2009.
Awards.
International Eurasia Competition awards.
The International Eurasia Film Competition section is reserved for a maximum of twelve full length fiction feature films produced or directed by European or Asian filmmakers. In case of a co-production, one of the co-producers must be European or Asian.
Five to seven personalities from the world of cinema and culture form the international jury, which awards two prizes: A prize for the "Best Picture" in amount of US$75.000 and a prize for the "Best Director" in amount of $25.000.
Eurasia Film Critics' prize.
The jury consisting of five to seven expert film critics from European and Asian countries awards a prize of $15,000 to the producer of the best film.
Script Development Fund award.
Established in 2007 at the 3rd International Eurasia Festival and titled the "Co-Production Script Development Award", this incentive award aims to encourage co-productions, to extend support to the processes of script authoring and script doctoring, to contribute to the promotion of the traditions of living and thought of Turkey to the world, to assist making Turkey's natural plateaus available to the international film industry and to be useful in attracting the international cinema capital to Turkey. The prize amounts to 25.000 YTL.

</doc>
<doc id="19838102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838102" title="None of Ur Friends Business">
None of Ur Friends Business

 
"None of Ur Friends Business" is a song by R&B singer Ginuwine. It was the fourth and final single released from "100% Ginuwine".

</doc>
<doc id="19838107" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838107" title="KBXS">
KBXS

KBXS may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19838134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838134" title="Absinthe (disambiguation)">
Absinthe (disambiguation)

Absinthe is a distilled alcoholic beverage.
Absinthe may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19838154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838154" title="Aberdeenshire Shield">
Aberdeenshire Shield

The Aberdeenshire Shield, like the Aberdeenshire Cup, is a competition for Aberdeenshire Football clubs. The competition was first held in 1990 and the winners were Cove Rangers. The Aberdeenshire Shield was originally contested between only Highland League clubs, However in recent years teams such as Aberdeen, Peterhead and Banks O' Dee have entered the competition. The current holders are Turriff United.
2006–07.
Quarter Finals
Semi Finals
Final
2007–08.
Preliminary Round
Quarter Finals
Semi Finals
Final
2008–09.
Preliminary Round
Quarter Finals

</doc>
<doc id="19838180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838180" title="Frank Naleway">
Frank Naleway

Frank Naleway (July 5, 1902 - January 28, 1949) nicknamed "Chick", was a Major League Baseball player for the Chicago White Sox in . He played in just one game for the White Sox at shortstop, going 0-for-2 at the plate with one walk.

</doc>
<doc id="19838181" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838181" title="Ardie-Ganz">
Ardie-Ganz

Ardie-Ganz was the name of an automobile prototype, built in 1930 by German engineer Josef Ganz at the German motorcycle manufacturer Ardie.
History.
In 1930, Ardie President Willy Bendit approved German Jewish engineer Josef Ganz to build a prototype of a small Volkswagen according to his (Ganz's) design. This Ardie-Ganz prototype was finished in September 1930 and achieved highly successful road-test results. The car featured a tubular chassis, mid-mounted engine, and independent wheel suspension with swing-axles at the rear.
The Volkswagen Beetle connection.
With the Ardie-Ganz, Adler Maikäfer and Standard Superior cars, as well as his progressive writings and promotion of the concept of a Volkswagen in "Motor-Kritik" magazine since the 1920s, Josef Ganz is claimed by some to be the inspiration behind the Volkswagen Beetle, but the real inspiration is the Hanomag 2/10 PS from 1925.
New investigation.
While the Volkswagen Beetle was produced in its millions after World War Two, the name of Josef Ganz was largely forgotten. In 2004, Dutch journalist Paul Schilperoord started researching the life and work of Josef Ganz. He has unearthed many new facts, and is currently working on a new book and documentary.
The inspiration for the Volkswagen Beetle came from the Tatra V570, T87, and T97 Tatra sued Ferdinand Porsche for it.

</doc>
<doc id="19838198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838198" title="USS Wabaquasset (YTB-724)">
USS Wabaquasset (YTB-724)

USS "Wabaquasset" (YTB-724) was a tug that may have been operated by the United States Navy in 1945.
"Wabaquasset" was laid down as the large steel-hulled, metal arc-welded harbor tug "Port Hudson" under a Maritime Commission (MC) contract as MC hull 440 on 31 December 1941, at Slidell, Louisiana, by the Canulette Shipbuilding Company, Inc.. "Port Hudson" was launched on 17 June 1942, sponsored by Miss Jean Canulette, and delivered to the War Shipping Administration (WSA) on 26 April 1943.
On 24 March 1945, the name USS "Wabaquasset" and the designation "YTB-724" were approved by the U.S. Navy for "Port Hudson", but the ship was apparently not taken over for active U.S. Navy service. Records indicate that "Wabaquasset" was in fact not included on U.S. Navy crafts' lists. One source indicates that while the WSA owned the ship, the Navy operated her, but this statement is not supported by the sketchy records. Another source indicates that the tug was returned to WSA on 7 June 1945. In any event, it seems probable that the harbor tug saw little, if any, naval service.

</doc>
<doc id="19838242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838242" title="Peter Hakim">
Peter Hakim

Peter Hakim is president emeritus and senior fellow of the Inter-American Dialogue, a Washington-based think tank on Western Hemisphere affairs. He served as president of the Dialogue from 1993 to 2010.
Professional.
Peter Hakim writes and speaks widely on hemispheric issues, and has testified more than a dozen times before Congress. His articles have appeared in "Foreign Affairs, Foreign Policy, The New York Times, The Washington Post, Miami Herald, Los Angeles Times", and "Financial Times", and in newspapers and journals in Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Mexico, Peru, and other Latin American nations. He is a regular guest on CNN, BBC, CBS, CNN en Español and other prominent news stations around the world. He wrote a monthly column for the "Christian Science Monitor" for nearly ten years, and now serves as a board member of Foreign Affairs Latinoamerica and editorial advisor to Americaeconomia, where he also publishes a regular column.
Background.
Hakim was a vice president of the Inter-American Foundation and worked for the Ford Foundation in New York and Latin America (in Argentina, Brazil, Chile and Peru). He has taught at MIT and Columbia University. He has served on boards and advisory committees for the World Bank, Council on Competitiveness, Inter-American Development Bank, Canadian Foundation for Latin America (FOCAL), Partners for Democratic Change, and Human Rights Watch. He is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations.
Education.
Hakim earned a B.A. at Cornell University, an M.S. in Physics at the University of Pennsylvania, and a Master of Public and International Affairs at Princeton University’s Woodrow Wilson School.

</doc>
<doc id="19838256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838256" title="2009 NCAA Division I Women's Volleyball Tournament">
2009 NCAA Division I Women's Volleyball Tournament

The 2009 NCAA Division I Women's Volleyball Tournament began on December 3, 2009 with 64 teams and ended on December 19, when Penn State defeated Texas, 3-2, in the NCAA National Championship match. With the win, Penn State won its fourth overall title, and became the first team in the history of women's intercollegiate volleyball to win three straight national titles. Penn State also became the first team in NCAA history to have two straight undefeated seasons, as the 2009 squad went 38-0 for the second straight year, extending the ongoing NCAA record of consecutive matches won (102).
Penn State became only the third team in NCAA history to win the national championship after trailing 0-2 in sets. The last team to accomplish the feat was UCLA in 1991.
Penn State's senior class, led by Megan Hodge and Alisha Glass, had an overall record of 142-5 (.966 winning %), which is the best winning percentage in NCAA Division I history for classes that have won national titles. Penn State hit .381 for the season, the second-best Division I team hitting percentage mark in the rally scoring era. It only trails the mark of .390 set by the 2008 Penn State squad.
Texas's Destinee Hooker, the Most Outstanding Player of the 2009 Final Four, broke the record of kills in a NCAA championship match, as she had a career high 34 kills in the final.
Gainesville Regional.
Gainesville all-tournament team
Megan Hodge Penn State (MVP)
Kelly Murphy Florida
Callie Rivers Florida
Blair Brown Penn State
Darcy Dorton Penn State
Alicia Glass Penn State
Arielle Wilson Penn State
Stanford Regional.
Stanford region all-tournament team
Kanani Danielson Hawaii (MVP)
Amber Kaufman Hawaii
Stephanie Ferrell Hawaii
Alex Hunt Michigan
Lexi Zimmerman Michigan
Alix Klineman Stanford
Cassidy Lichtman Stanford
Minneapolis Regional.
Minneapolis region all-tournament team
Hailey Cowles Minnesota (MVP)
Mira Djuric Florida State
Rachael Morgan Florida State
Stephanie Neville Florida State
Taylor Carico Minnesota
Lauren Gibbemeyer Minnesota
Christine Tan Minnesota
Omaha Regional.
Omaha region all-tournament team
Destinee Hooker Texas (MVP)
Rachael Hockaday Iowa State
Kayla Banwarth Nebraska
Lindsey Licht Nebraska
Ashley Engle Texas
Julianne Faucette Texas
Heather Kisner Texas

</doc>
<doc id="19838258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838258" title="The Other Two &amp; You">
The Other Two &amp; You

The Other Two & You is the début album by New Order members Gillian Gilbert and Stephen Morris under the name The Other Two. It was released in late 1993 half-a-year after their previous New Order album "Republic". The album was re-released in January 2010 by LTM Recordings.

</doc>
<doc id="19838268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838268" title="Sunnybrooke (AMT)">
Sunnybrooke (AMT)

Sunnybrooke is a commuter rail station in the Montreal borough of Pierrefonds-Roxboro and on the AMT Deux-Montagnes Line in the greater Montreal area, Quebec, Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19838282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838282" title="Wabaquasset">
Wabaquasset

The Wabaquasset were a band of Native Americans who formerly lived west of the Quinebaug River, in what is now Windham County, Connecticut.
The United States Navy tug USS "Wabaquasset" was named for them.

</doc>
<doc id="19838290" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838290" title="The Hits Chapter 2">
The Hits Chapter 2

The Hits Chapter 2 is the second greatest hits album released by American country music artist Sammy Kershaw. The counterpart to his 1995 album "The Hits Chapter 1", it features eleven of the greatest hits from his fourth through sixth albums. No new material was recorded for this album.

</doc>
<doc id="19838313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838313" title="Maula">
Maula


</doc>
<doc id="19838315" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838315" title="Banana, Florida">
Banana, Florida

Banana is an unincorporated community in Putnam County, Florida, located one mile (1.6 km) south of Melrose on State Road 21.
History.
In 1855, Dr. George Washington Alexander McRae bought the grist mill. The grist mill site is located were the Old Orange Springs, Starke Highway crossed Etoniah Creek. Dr. McRae was the Postmaster at Banana, owned a mercantile store, plantation and was the area doctor. He was partial owner of the Etoniah Canal and Drainage Company.
Fremont and Zee Tolles donated the remains of the Banana, FL settlement along Etoniah Creek to the Historic Melrose Association. Plans are underway to establish access to the old mill and a picnic area.

</doc>
<doc id="19838323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838323" title="Pörhölä (Keminmaa)">
Pörhölä (Keminmaa)


</doc>
<doc id="19838329" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838329" title="Roxboro-Pierrefonds (AMT)">
Roxboro-Pierrefonds (AMT)

Roxboro-Pierrefonds is a commuter rail station on the AMT Deux-Montagnes Line in the Greater Montreal, Quebec, Canada area.
History.
The station was originally named Roxboro, and was built as part of Canadian Northern Railway's line from Montreal to Deux-Montagnes via the Mount Royal Tunnel. It handled passengers, mail, and freight. Roxboro Station burned down in 1932 and was not immediately rebuilt. Instead the stop moved approximately west to where the railway crossed Gouin Boulevard West. This station was known as Ste-Genevieve. By 1944 the stop had returned to its original site and was once more known as Roxboro. The new, small station no longer handled freight.
Location.
The station is located in the former city of Roxboro in the Pierrefonds-Roxboro borough of Montreal, at 11100 Gouin Boulevard West. The platforms can also be accessed from the east where the line crosses Commercial Center (11th Avenue).

</doc>
<doc id="19838332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838332" title="Ruottala">
Ruottala


</doc>
<doc id="19838338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838338" title="Sompujärvi">
Sompujärvi


</doc>
<doc id="19838352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838352" title="Törmä">
Törmä


</doc>
<doc id="19838353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838353" title="Ernesto Lazzatti">
Ernesto Lazzatti

Ernesto Lazzatti (25 September 1915 - 30 December 1988) was a former Argentine football midfielder who won five league championships with Boca Juniors. He played as a centre-half.
Lazzatti played for local team Puerto Comercial de Ingeniero White until the age od 17. He was signed by Boca Juniors in 1933 and made his debut for the club in 1934 at the age of 18. During his time with the club they won five league championships.
Lazzatti played four times for the Argentina national team between 1936 and 1937. He was part of the squad that won the Copa América 1937.
In 1947 Lazzatti joined Uruguayan side Danubio where he played until his retirement in 1948.
Lazzatti had two spells as manager of Boca Juniors in 1950 and 1954, in his second spell he led the club to the league title. After this success he never returned to management, pursuing a career in sport journalism.
Titles.
As a player
As a manager

</doc>
<doc id="19838355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838355" title="Servite Church, Vienna">
Servite Church, Vienna

The Servite Church () is a church in Vienna, Austria.
History.
On September 16, 1638, Emperor Ferdinand III allowed the Servite Order to found a monastery in Vienna. 
Inspired by Italian architect Andrea Palladio, the church of the Servites was built by Martin Carlone and dedicated to the Annunciation to the Virgin. The foundation stone was laid on November 11, 1751 and the church was consecrated in 1760 though the interior decoration was completed later.
The most important work of art in the church is the "Pietà" at the altar of Our Lady of Sorrows. The tomb of general Ottavio Piccolomini, who was an active patron of the church, is located under this altar. Another patron of the church was Baron Christoph of Abele who donated the "Liborius altar". 

</doc>
<doc id="19838363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838363" title="Battle of West Hunan, Order of Battle">
Battle of West Hunan, Order of Battle

China.
Airforce
Sources
Japan.
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="19838383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838383" title="Yoshi Tatsu">
Yoshi Tatsu

Professional wrestling career.
New Japan Pro Wrestling (2002–2007).
With a sports background in boxing and jujutsu, Yamamoto passed an audition held by New Japan Pro Wrestling (NJPW) in September 2001 and began training professional wrestling at the promotion's dojo the following March. During his training, Yamamoto also travelled to Los Angeles to train at the local NJPW dojo. Yamamoto made his in-ring debut on October 12, 2002, facing Wataru Inoue in Korakuen Hall.
Initially Yamamoto worked low card matches for NJPW, normally on the losing side to gain ring experience. On December 27, 2003, Yamamoto lost to Ryusuke Taguchi in a chance at a match on NJPW's most prestigious show, the January 4 Dome Show "Wrestling World". Yamamoto participated in the 2004 Young Lion Cup where he defeated Hirooki Goto, Akiya Anzawa, and Hiroshi Nagao to earn a total of six points, not enough to qualify for the finals. Yamamoto also participated in the 2005 Young Lion Cup where he only won one match, defeating Yujiro. In 2006 Yamamoto participated in his first G1 Climax tournament, losing all four matches. Yamamoto teamed up with Manabu Nakanishi to compete in the 2006 G1 Tag League, defeating Giant Bernard and Travis Tomko to earn their sole victory in the tournament. On January 8, 2006, Yamamoto and Osamu Nishimura defeated Toru Yano and a returning Togi Makabe. Over the summer of 2007 Yamamoto began teaming regularly with Hiroshi Tanahashi forming a team called "New Japan Dragons", earning a match for the IWGP Tag Team Championship against the then champions, Bernard and Tomko, albeit in a losing effort. For the 2007 G1 Tag League Yamamoto teamed up with Takashi Ilzuka, while they defeated three teams (Hirooki Goto and Milano Collection A.T., Togi Makabe and Toru Yano, and Giant Bernard and Travis Tomko); the team ended up in last place. On November 2, 2007 Yamamoto wrestled his last match for NJPW, teaming with his mentor Yuji Nagata in a losing effort against Tomohiro Ishii and Toru Yano.
World Wrestling Entertainment / WWE.
Florida Championship Wrestling (2007–2009).
In late 2007 Yamamoto was signed by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) to a full-time contract, which meant that he had to relocate to the United States. He immediately was assigned to WWE's developmental territory Florida Championship Wrestling (FCW), to undergo assessment and training in the "WWE Style" of wrestling. Initially he wrestled as Mr. Yamamoto, then simply as Yamamoto. He briefly teamed with Sheamus O'Shaunessy under the team name "the Movers and the Shakers". Later on he changed his ring name to Yoshitatsu, before tweaking the spelling to Yoshi Tatsu.
ECW and Raw (2009–2011).
On June 30, 2009, Yamamoto joined the ECW brand under the ring name Yoshi Tatsu. He had his first match that night, defeating Shelton Benjamin, although he lost a rematch to Benjamin on the July 9 episode of "ECW". On the October 20 episode of "ECW", Tatsu defeated Zack Ryder to become number one contender for the ECW Championship, although he failed to win the championship the following week against Christian. On the December 22 "ECW", Yoshi Tatsu defeated Jack Swagger to earn a spot in the ECW Homecoming battle royal, the winner of which would challenge Christian for the ECW title at the Royal Rumble. On the January 12 episode of "ECW", however, Tatsu was not able to win the battle royal when he was eliminated by Kane. At the Royal Rumble, Tatsu competed in his first Royal Rumble match, but was eliminated by John Cena. Tatsu then formed a tag team with Goldust and the duo became the number one contenders for the Unified WWE Tag Team Championship but failed in capturing the titles on the final episode of "ECW on Syfy".
After the ECW brand was discontinued, Tatsu made his debut on the Raw brand on the February 22, 2010 episode of "Raw", where he teamed up with Evan Bourne and Kofi Kingston to defeat The Legacy (Randy Orton, Ted DiBiase, and Cody Rhodes), after Orton turned on his partners. Tatsu won a 26-Man Battle Royal in the dark match to open WrestleMania XXVI by last eliminating Zack Ryder. In July 2010, Tatsu had a few backstage brawls with The Nexus, trying to help John Cena get rid of them, which he didn't. Yoshi then went to Japan to promote the new WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2011 video game. After months off WWE television, Tatsu returned on the November 11 episode of "WWE Superstars", defeating Zack Ryder. On the November 29 "Raw", Tatsu teamed with Mark Henry to defeat WWE Tag Team Champions Justin Gabriel and Heath Slater, after a distraction by John Cena. A week later, Tatsu and Henry received a shot at the titles in a Fatal-4-Way Elimination Tag Team match, which also included The Usos and Santino Marella and Vladimir Kozlov. They were the first team eliminated. On the February 14 "Raw", Maryse and DiBiase were about to kiss but Maryse instead kissed Tatsu. On the February 24 "Superstars", during the match between Daniel Bryan and Ted DiBiase, Yoshi Tatsu came out and gave Maryse flowers, which Maryse hit DiBiase with, allowing Bryan to defeat DiBiase with the LeBell Lock. Tatsu failed at a chance to earn a World Heavyweight Championship shot in a 20-man number one contenders battle royal.
SmackDown and NXT (2011–present).
On April 26, Tatsu was drafted to the SmackDown brand as part of the 2011 Supplemental Draft. He only had two matches on "SmackDown" in 2011; a number one contenders battle royal for the World Heavyweight Championship and an "All I Want for Christmas" battle royal, the winner of which would receive one wish.
Tatsu was a WWE Pro for the fifth season of "WWE NXT", also known as "NXT Redemption", and his Rookie was Byron Saxton. On the April 26 episode of "WWE NXT", Tatsu was attacked by Saxton after Tatsu cost his match against Lucky Cannon. This caused tension between the two until the May 17 "NXT", when Tatsu defeated Saxton. On the May 31 "NXT", Saxton was the second rookie eliminated. 
Tatsu then began a feud with fellow NXT pro Tyson Kidd, whose rookie was also eliminated, when Kidd broke Tatsu's toy figurine of himself and stole one of the its legs. They traded wins during their feud, and Tatsu reclaimed the leg by winning a Necklace on a Pole match on the July 26 "NXT". After the match, Kidd assaulted Tatsu's right leg, taking him off "NXT" for over a month. However, over the next few weeks, the Kanji word for “pride” appeared on the TitanTron to distract Kidd during his matches – a message from Tatsu. He returned on the September 6 "NXT", where he debuted black tights emblazoned with Kanji characters and the Japanese flag, his small lock of blond hair dyed red and half his face painted. He defeated Kidd on that episode to end the feud. Tatsu later explained that his new look and wrestling style were because he wanted to better portray Japanese culture, Japanese pride and the aggressive style of Japanese wrestling. He said his face paint was a tribute to the Great Muta. Tatsu stopped wearing his face paint to the ring by October 2011. From December 2011, Tatsu formed an alliance with Trent Barreta to feud with Curt Hawkins and Tyler Reks. Both teams played pranks on each other; Tatsu was locked in a closet and Reks' hands were superglued to an Xbox controller. The feud ended when Hawkins and Reks defeated Barreta and Tatsu on the January 18 episode of "NXT".
On the February 9, 2012 episode of "Superstars", Tatsu defeated Johnny Curtis. This would be his last televised victory to date, as he lost the rest of his televised matches in 2012 and 2013, even on NXT, which in August 2012 had become WWE's re-branded developmental territory. On the January 23, 2013 episode of "NXT", Tatsu and Percy Watson entered the NXT Tag Team Championship Tournament to crown the inaugural champions, but were defeated by The Wyatt Family (Luke Harper and Erick Rowan) in the first round. Tatsu then mainly made sporadic appearances on "NXT" throughout the rest of 2013. He returned to action in March 2014 on NXT, where he was defeated by Corey Graves.
Other media.
As Tatsu, Yamamoto is featured as a playable superstar for the "WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2011", "WWE '12" and "WWE '13" (as DLC) video games. He was previously featured in King of Colosseum II and Wrestle Kingdom 2 under his real name.Yoshi Tatsu took part in Santino Foreign Exchange with Santino Marella in WWE Universe.
Personal life.
Yamamoto is a graduate from Kokushikan University with a degree in political science.
Yamamoto is also married and has a child.

</doc>
<doc id="19838390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838390" title="Hetta">
Hetta

Enontekiö Airport is located west of Hetta.

</doc>
<doc id="19838404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838404" title="Nuker Team">
Nuker Team

The Nuker Team was formed to use the Hubble Space Telescope, with its high-resolution imaging and spectroscopy, to investigate the central structure and dynamics of galaxies. The team used the HST to examine supermassive black holes and determined the relationship between a galaxy's central black hole's mass and velocity dispersion. The team continues to conduct research and publish papers on the supermassive black holes of galaxies and clusters. The group was initially formed by Tod R. Lauer, then a first year postdoc. At the first meeting of the group held at Princeton University in June 1985, Sandra Faber was elected the group leader.
Members.
The original members of the Nuker Team include Alan Dressler (OCIW), Sandra Faber (UCO/Lick; First PI), John Kormendy (Texas), Tod R. Lauer (NOAO), Douglas Richstone (Michigan; Present PI), and Scott Tremaine (IAS). Later additions to the team include Ralf Bender (Munchen), Alexei V. Filippenko (Berkeley), Karl Gebhardt (Texas), Richard Green (LBTO), Kayhan Gultekin (Michigan), Luis C. Ho (OCIW), John Magorrian (Oxford), Jason Pinkney (Ohio Northern), and Christos Siopis (Michigan).
Etymology.
The name "Nuker" began as an informal internal reference by members of the team to each other, because they came together to study the nuclei of galaxies using the space telescope. The first use of the name was in a 1989 email from Faber, who addressed her five colleagues as "Dear Nukers". As the team began to publish its research, the name came into general use in the scientific community. 
The name "Nuker" is also used in reference to the "Nuker Law", which is a description of the inner few (~3-10) arcseconds of predominantly nearby (< 30 Mpc) early-type galaxy light-profiles. The Nuker Law was described first by members of the Nuker Team, from which it gets its name.

</doc>
<doc id="19838430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838430" title="Pasco County Schools">
Pasco County Schools

Pasco County Schools (also known as District School Board of Pasco County) is a school district in Land O' Lakes, Florida, United States, which serves Pasco County, Florida.
Schools.
As of the 2012-13 school year, there were 84 schools in Pasco County Schools: 46 elementary schools, 15 middle schools, 13 high schools, 4 educational centers, 1 eSchool and 6 charter schools.
School Board.
The School Board memebrs are elected on a non-partisan basis.

</doc>
<doc id="19838447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838447" title="Backyard Football '09">
Backyard Football '09

""'Backyard Football '09 is a sports game that was released on October 21, 2008. This is the ninth iteration of the Backyard Football game from the Backyard Sports series. The cover athlete is Tom Brady of the New England Patriots.
The game includes all 22 backyard kids and 15 professional players as kids. The game was released on PC, Wii, PS2, and DS. Professional players include Tom Brady, Peyton Manning, Tony Romo, LaDainian Tomlinson, Brian Urlacher, Reggie Bush, and Frank Gore and more. Along with the NFL players, most of the classic backyard kids are in the game including Pete Wheeler, Pablo Sanchez, and Ernie Steele. Both of the commentors, Chuck Downfield and Sunny Day, are also from previous games of the series.
Criticism.
Backyard Football '09""' was said to be "repetitive with its commentary" and "made too simple and easy" from many reviews. The reviews state that the game targets more of a pre-teen audience.

</doc>
<doc id="19838451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838451" title="Scholarship Level">
Scholarship Level

The GCE S-level, Scholarship level, or Special paper was a British public examination taken by the most able A-level students. The S-level was typically used to support UK university entrance applications though in practice it was directed almost exclusively to Oxford or Cambridge applications. Results were graded 'Distinction' (1), 'Merit' (2) or 'Unclassified' (U). 
Up until and including 1960, the actual mark in steps of 5 was provided to candidates. The S level Higher Maths papers were not marked unless at least 75(Distinction) was secured in the A level Pure and/or Applied mathematics papers. The marks were normalised, but usually completion of 2 or 3 questions of the 10 was stated by the examiners on the paper to be sufficient to secure a distinction (75). The highest possible score was 90 for ten excellent answers, due to normalisation. The subject matter was identical to the A level syllabus, but the questions very considerably harder.
The main objective of the S levels was to permit the Ministry of Education to allocate 400 State Scholarships for the best performance of all those examined at A (and of course S) level in that specific year.
Although it was a separate paper, marked and graded in isolation from the A-level, it was not commonly a standalone qualification and was usually attempted only by candidates who were also sitting an A-level in the same subject at the same time and who were likely to obtain an "A" grade (the top grade) in that examination (and results only given to candidates who had actually achieved an "A" or a "B"). Given the very small, selective entry for the papers, the S-level was only offered in a small number of mainstream subjects.
History.
The State Scholarships were abolished in 1962 and the exams were then renamed Special Papers. These were last set in 2001 and then superseded by the Advanced Extension Awards and to some extent by Sixth Term Examination Papers.

</doc>
<doc id="19838461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838461" title="Mayfield Road, Edmonton">
Mayfield Road, Edmonton

Mayfield Road is an arterial road in west Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.
It begins as 170 Street north of Stony Plain Road, and travels north-east for about ten blocks before it turns east and continues as 111 Avenue. Mayfield Road bounds the residential neighbourhoods of Britannia Youngstown and Mayfield to the east. To the west it bounds the industrial subdivisions of Youngstown Industrial, Stone Industrial, and West Sheffiend Industrial.
Interchanges and intersections.
This is a list of major intersections, starting at the south end of Mayfield Road.
<br clear=right>

</doc>
<doc id="19838462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838462" title="Grand-Moulin (AMT)">
Grand-Moulin (AMT)

Grand-Moulin is a commuter rail station on the AMT Deux-Montagnes Line in the Greater Montreal, Quebec, Canada area.

</doc>
<doc id="19838465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838465" title="Kelottijärvi">
Kelottijärvi


</doc>
<doc id="19838466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838466" title="Aditya Birla Public School">
Aditya Birla Public School

Aditya Birla Public School is the name of several schools operated by the Aditya Birla Group, including:

</doc>
<doc id="19838469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838469" title="Introducing">
Introducing

Introducing or Introducing... may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19838472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838472" title="Albert Veiel">
Albert Veiel

Albert Friedrich Veiel (June 8, 1806 – August 2, 1874) was a German dermatologist who was a native of Ludwigsburg.
He studied at the Universities of Tübingen and Paris, and in 1829 earned his medical doctorate. In 1837 at Cannstatt, he founded the first in-patient dermatological clinic in Germany. The clinic was called the "Heilanstalt für Flechtenkranke", and with orthopedist Jakob Heine (1800–1879) and others, Veiel was a catalyst in making Cannstatt an important center for medical treatment. The clinic attracted numerous celebrities and members of European aristocracy.

</doc>
<doc id="19838475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838475" title="Agram, die Hauptstadt Kroatien">
Agram, die Hauptstadt Kroatien

Agram, die Hauptstadt Kroatien (, ) is a short film directed by Oktavijan Miletić in 1943 in the Independent State of Croatia. It was produced for Tobis Film in Germany and showed cultural activities in Zagreb, as well as the main monuments of the city.
The film remained unfinished as the sound was not completed, and was sent to the German Reichsfilmarchiv. After the fall of Nazi Germany, the film came into the possession of the Soviet Union which had confiscated the archive. In 1990, the film material was returned to the Bundesfilmarchiv. In 2008, Daniel Rafaelić discovered the movie in the archive, and its restoration soon began.
The restored film premiered at, and opened, the 2008 Zagreb Film Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="19838523" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838523" title="Rudolf Pekárek">
Rudolf Pekárek

Rudolf Pekárek (190026 October 1974) was a Czech-Australian conductor.
In 1934 he founded the Prague Symphony Orchestra, giving work to many unemployed musicians. It was known as the FOK Orchestra (Film – Opera – Konzert), or the FOK Salon Orchestra or sometimes Pekárek's Salon Orchestra. At the beginning the ensemble made its living by intensive recording of music for films, and only later changed its focus to presenting the standard repertoire in concert. It first played on radio on 29 December 1934. 
As a Jew, Pekárek was imprisoned in 1942 during the German occupation during World War II. He survived the war and in 1948 he emigrated to Australia.
In 1954 he became chief conductor of the Queensland Symphony Orchestra, a post he held until 1967.
He died in 1974, in Brisbane.
The annual Rudolph Pekarek Oboe Prize at the Queensland Conservatorium Griffith University was established in his honour, the prize money being paid from his estate.
A collection of his biographical cuttings is held at the National Library of Australia

</doc>
<doc id="19838530" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838530" title="Zephyrhills High School">
Zephyrhills High School

Zephyrhills High School is a high school in Zephyrhills, Florida, United States. Steve Van Gorden, also mayor of Zephyrhills, was once principal here.
History.
Zephyrhills High School was created from the consolidations of one-room schools in the Zephyrhills area and opened in September 1910 at the corner of Seventh Avenue and Sixth Street. That building burned to the ground in 1926, and a new building was opened at 10th Avenue and 10th Street. The 1926 building was damaged by fire in 1935 and classes were held in local businesses for two years until the building was reconstructed and reopened in 1937. The school moved into its current location in 1975.
Extracurricular activities.
Student groups and activities at Zephyrhills include band, book club, chess club, DOGO, FBLA, Family, Career, and Community Leaders of America, French National Honor Society, Gay–straight alliance, hacky sack club, Health Occupations Students of America, Illusions club, Infusion dance club, Interact, iWait, Japanese Culture Outreach Society, Jaw Droppers, JROTC, Key Club, National Art Honor Society, National Honor Society, ping-pong club, Rho Kappa, Students Against Destructive Decisions, science club, Scrabble club, scrapbook club, Special Olympics, step dancing, student council, Super Teams, thespians/drama club, Tri-M, ultimate Frisbee club, and Voices United/Unity Day.
Dog collar controversy.
Science teacher Laurie Bailey-Cutkomp was suspended without pay for putting dog collars on students as a joke, not as punishment. This was later confirmed by the students. These dog collars prevent dogs from licking their wounds after surgery. She got the idea from the Disney film "Up", in which a dog wore a similar collar that was nicknamed "The cone of shame". Superintendent Heather Fiorentino, in a letter to Bailey-Cutkomp, wrote that she was "stunned that you would put dog collars on students for any reason". Several parents complained to school administration after some students took, and posted pictures on Facebook. She was later transferred to another school.

</doc>
<doc id="19838544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838544" title="Fiji and the United Nations">
Fiji and the United Nations

Fiji established its Permanent Mission to the United Nations on 13 October 1970, three days after obtaining its independence from the United Kingdom. Since then, Fiji's participation in the United Nations has been notable primarily for its active role in UN peacekeeping operations, which began in 1978.
List of Ambassadors.
The following individuals have held office as Ambassador of Fiji to the United Nations.
Peacekeeping.
Fiji soldiers served in the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon, which Fiji's Major General George Konrote commanded in 1998 and 1999.
The country has also contributed to other operations including Kosovo and Sinai, and, in 2004, Fiji was the first country to volunteer troops to protect United Nations officials in Iraq. The BBC has remarked on Fiji's "long and proud history of sending its forces to the world's trouble-spots". As of September 2004, 35 Fiji soldiers had been killed in the line of duty while serving on UN peacekeeping missions.
As of April 2007, Fiji had 292 soldiers, police officers and military observers serving in United Nations peacekeeping operations in Iraq, Liberia, Sudan and Timor-Leste. Following the military coup in Fiji in December 2006, New Zealand and Australia urged the United Nations to suspend Fiji's participation in peacekeeping operations, at first to little avail. Questioned by media, a spokesman for the office of the Secretary-General stated that "United Nations is grateful for the service provided by Fijian personnel to UN peacekeeping operations over many years and for the Fijian personnel currently serving in dangerous UN assignments, including in Iraq". 
Fiji's military leader and interim Prime Minister Voreqe Bainimarama underlined his country's "proud track record in UN peacekeeping operations of professionalism, discipline, compassion and ability, training and ethics". In September 2008, Fiji's participation in peacekeeping operations has reportedly been suspended. In April 2009, however, United Nations peacekeeping missions were still employing 282 Fijian troops, military observers or police, a fact criticised by New Zealand Foreign Minister Murray McCully. 
Following lobbying from New Zealand and Australia, the United Nations announced that it would "continue to use Fijian police and soldiers in its current peacekeeping missions, but not increase their numbers in future deployments". In March 2010, this led newly appointed Fiji Ambassador Peter Thomson to approach U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon to express Fiji's readiness and wish to commit further troops to U.N. peacekeeping operations. As of June 2010, "Fiji troops are [...] the only UN blue helmets in Iraq since 2004 with a 221 strong contingent".
Climate Change.
Issues emphasised by Fiji at the United Nations in recent years have included the effect of climate change, notably on Small Island Developing States. Addressing the United Nations General Assembly in September 2008, Prime Minister Commodore Voreqe Bainimarama stated:
2010-11 voting record.
Fiji voted in favour of
Fiji abstained from voting on
Fiji voted against

</doc>
<doc id="19838545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838545" title="Errikos Kontarinis">
Errikos Kontarinis

Errikos Kontarinis (Greek: Ερρίκος Κονταρίνης,1906–1971) was a Greek actor and cinematographer. He was born on the island of Tinos in 1906 and died on 11 September 1971. He was married to Marika Nezer.

</doc>
<doc id="19838554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838554" title="I Want My Money Back">
I Want My Money Back

I Want My Money Back is an album released in 2003 by American country music artist Sammy Kershaw. His first album for Audium/Koch Entertainment, it produced two singles on the "Billboard" country charts: the title track at #33 and "I've Never Been Anywhere" at #58.
Two songs on this album were recorded by two other artists each. "Beer, Bait and Ammo" was originally recorded by Kevin Fowler on his 2000 album of the same name, and later by Mark Chesnutt on his 2005 album "Savin' the Honky Tonk". "Metropolis" was later recorded by Anthony Smith on his 2003 album "If That Ain't Country", and by Trace Adkins on his 2005 album "Songs About Me".
Giving it four-and-a-half stars out of five, Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic called it "one of his most satisfying efforts."
Personnel.
As listed in liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="19838558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838558" title="Trefor Davies">
Trefor Davies

Treffor Elliott Davies
(born 13 March 1938) was an English cricketer who played 20 first-class matches for Worcestershire between 1955 and 1961.
Davies made his first-class debut for Worcestershire against Oxford University at The University Parks in June 1955; he scored 11 not out in his only innings and took one wicket in each innings (those of John Baker and Stanley Metcalfe).
He also played against Cambridge University and Somerset that season, but did very little, and did not appear in first-class cricket again for five years.
Davies returned to the Worcestershire side in 1960. He did not bowl at all that year, although he did score the first of his three half-centuries: 51* against Middlesex near the end of the season.
He played much more (11 matches) in 1961, and hit two fifties, the higher of these being the 76 he scored against Glamorgan in late June.
That was in fact his penultimate appearance in first-class cricket: his only other game was against Northamptonshire a week later.
Davies passed away on December 21st 2013, at the age of 75 from a 6 month-long battle with Lung Cancer. He is survived by his wife of over 50 years, Marina, two children, and four grandchildren, who all loved him very much.

</doc>
<doc id="19838561" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838561" title="Franz Martinelli">
Franz Martinelli

Franz Martinelli or (b. 1651, Lake Como area – d. October 28, 1708, Vienna), was an Austrian architect born in Italy.
Franz Martinelli participated in the construction of the Peterskirche in Vienna. In 1684 he was in charge of the restoration work of the Servitenkirche in Vienna. In 1687 he also participated in the construction of the Heiligenkreuz Abbey.
His most important work is the Palais Esterházy on Wallnerstraße in Vienna, which he first renovated in 1685 and thereafter completely rebuilt, finishing the work in 1695.
He also designed the Franciscan in Frauenkirchen, Hungary. Both the ground-plan and the main façade of his building on seventeenth-century Jesuit churches.
Embellishment of Uherčice (Břeclav) castle transforming it in a baroque style under the aegis of Donat John Count Heissler of Heitersheim
He is the father of architects Anton Erhard Martinelli and Johann Baptist Martinelli.
Franz Martinelli died in Vienna on October 28, 1708.

</doc>
<doc id="19838564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838564" title="Happy Go Lucky">
Happy Go Lucky

Happy Go Lucky can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19838567" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838567" title="Cook's Country">
Cook's Country

"Cook's Country" is an American half-hour television cooking show on the PBS channel. It is shot in a renovated 1806 farmhouse located in Rupert, Vermont. The show is based on "Cook's Country" magazine (published by the same company as "Cook's Illustrated") and a cover of it appears at the start of each episode.
Cast and Content.
"Cook's Country" is structured similarly to America's Test Kitchen, with nearly the same cast. Christopher Kimball, Bridget Lancaster and Julia Collin-Davison are primarily featured, with Erin McMurrer making occasional appearances beginning in Season 2. As in America's Test Kitchen, Jack Bishop is in charge of the Tasting Lab, while Adam Ried features new products in the Equipment Corner. 
While "Cook's Country follows an identical show layout, there are notable differences between the two. Cook's Country" features recipes that are more rustic and commonly thought of as "comfort food". There is emphasis on recipes from different sections of America, specifically from the South and Southwestern cultures. 
The Tasting Lab segments feature a live audience, who watch as Kimball and Bishop taste-test the featured product(s). This is fundamentally different from America's Test Kitchen, where only Kimball and Bishop are shot.
During Season 1, Kimball's neighbor Axel Blomberg would occasionally appear on-screen with a dish of the featured recipe, claiming that his wife Donna had made it and that it was usually badly executed, in keeping with the "country" theme of the show. This is similar to the beginning of recipe segments on America's Test Kitchen, where Kimball would display the featured item before the changes of the chefs were applied. 
Some of Blomberg's commonly uttered phrases were, "Donna done it again!", and "You're the expert" (referring to Kimball's suggestions to make the recipe better). He does not appear in any episodes after Season 1. 
The theme music, "Right Between Your Eyes", is performed by the San Francisco bluegrass band, Hot Buttered Rum.
A title card at the end of each episode of Season 1 reads "In Memory of Felicia Armstrong (1978–2007)", a kitchen assistant murdered on November 1, 2007.
Julia Colin-Davison did not appear during any Season 2 episode, having given birth to a daughter shortly before that season's episodes were scheduled to be shot. She returned in Season 3.

</doc>
<doc id="19838590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838590" title="Leucopogon parviflorus">
Leucopogon parviflorus

Leucopogon parviflorus, commonly known as Coast Beard-heath or Native Currant, is a shrub or small tree in the family Ericaceae. It is native to Australia and New Zealand.
The species grow to between 1.2 and 5 metres in height and has leaves that are 11 to 29 mm long and 2.4 to 7.5 mm in width, often with curved tips. The white flowers are around 15 mm long and are produced in spikes of 7 to 13. These occur throughout the year.
Distribution.
It occurs in the Chatham Islands, New Zealand and in coastal areas of all Australian states (except the Northern Territory) on sand dunes and in heathland.

</doc>
<doc id="19838601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838601" title="Lefty Hayden">
Lefty Hayden

Eugene Franklin "Lefty" Hayden (April 14, 1935 – June 13, 2003) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. He pitched in three games for the Cincinnati Redlegs in 1958, all in relief.

</doc>
<doc id="19838690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838690" title="Swimming at the 1932 Summer Olympics – Women's 100 metre backstroke">
Swimming at the 1932 Summer Olympics – Women's 100 metre backstroke

The women's 100 metre backstroke was a swimming event held as part of the swimming at the 1932 Summer Olympics programme. It was the third appearance of the event, which was established in 1924. The competition was held on Tuesday August 9, 1932 and on Thursday August 11, 1932.
Twelve swimmers from seven nations competed.
Records.
These were the standing world and Olympic records (in minutes) prior to the 1932 Summer Olympics.
In the first semi-final Eleanor Holm set a new Olympic record with 1:18.3 minutes.
Results.
Semifinals.
Tuesday August 9, 1932: The fastest two in each semi-final and the fastest third-placed from across the semi-finals advanced to the final.
Semifinal 1
Semifinal 2
Semifinal 3
Final.
Thursday August 11, 1932: Marie Braun was not able to compete in the final. She had to stay in hospital due to blood poisoning after an infection officially caused by a mosquito bite.

</doc>
<doc id="19838697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838697" title="Cruzeiro do Sul">
Cruzeiro do Sul

Cruzeiro do Sul is the name of the Southern Cross (Crux) constellation in Portuguese.
It may refer to any of the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19838707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838707" title="Honky Tonk Boots">
Honky Tonk Boots

Honky Tonk Boots is an album released in 2006 by American country music artist Sammy Kershaw. His only release for the Category 5 Records album, it was also his first studio release since 2003's "I Want My Money Back". The album's lead-off single, "Tennessee Girl", peaked at number 43 on the "Billboard" country charts in 2006. "Honky Tonk Boots" also reunited him with producers Buddy Cannon and Norro Wilson, who co-produced his first four albums.
Three cover songs are included on this album. "Baby's Got Her Blue Jeans On", the second and final single, is a cover of Mel McDaniel's Number One hit from his 1984 album "Let It Roll". Kershaw's rendition failed to chart. "Evangeline" was previously a number 51-peaking single for Chad Brock in 1998 from his self-titled debut, which Cannon and Wilson also produced. "The Battle" was previously recorded by George Jones for his 1976 album of the same title. The single peaked at number 14.
Jeffrey B. Remz of "Country Standard Time" gave the album a positive review, comparing Kershaw's vocals favorably to George Jones and saying that "The Louisiana native has done his part in coming through with a meaty performance."

</doc>
<doc id="19838709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838709" title="Mid America Off Road Association">
Mid America Off Road Association

The Mid America Off Road Association (MAORA) is an American off road racing sanctioning. It has sanctioned off road racing events since 1972. Web site www.maoraracing.us
History.
MAORA is a non-profit race sanctioning organization. MAORA was created in 1972 to organize off-road enthusiasts and generally promote the sport of off-road racing. MAORA offers two Driver's points series and sets the rules and regulations to be followed by racers, track owners and promoters. Club officers are elected annually by the membership.
Current Classes.
MAORA has 2 divisions of classes. One is the "Pro" classes, with the other being "Trophy Classes." The pro classes usually feature the more experienced racers, with more technologically advanced vehicles, whereas the trophy classes feature a "run-what-you-brung" format, meaning almost no rules. The more novice racers generally race in the Trophy classes. The pro classes race for money, while top finishers in the trophy classes receive trophies. Although class descriptions do not say this, all vehicles MUST have approved fuel cells, roll cages, racing seats, and safety belts. All drivers must wear approved safety gear which includes fireproof suits and Snell approved helmets.
Proposed and former Classes.
Side by Side

</doc>
<doc id="19838730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838730" title="Dancin' to the Hits">
Dancin' to the Hits

Dancin' to the Hits was a nationally syndicated TV show hosted by Lorenzo Lamas during the 1986-1987 season. Professional dancers performed to a medley of Top 40 hits, and live acts performed. Some of the acts that performed were SOS Band, Samantha Fox, and Stacy Lattisaw.

</doc>
<doc id="19838738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838738" title="Juan Manuel Martínez">
Juan Manuel Martínez

Juan Manuel Martínez (born October 25, 1985), nicknamed "Burrito" (in English "Little Donkey"), is an Argentine football forward who also holds Portuguese passport. He currently plays for Boca Juniors. Martínez is best known for his agility, pace on the ball and brilliant dribbling skills.
Club career.
Martínez made his professional debut for Vélez Sársfield on October 1, 2003, in a 2–1 win over Talleres de Córdoba, for the Clausura tournament. Later, he was part of the 2005 Clausura winning squad, playing 13 games and scoring 1 goal. The goal he scored was Vélez's first in that championship, in the fourth match day victory over Lanús (2–1).
After his first period at Vélez, Martínez was loaned to Argentinos Juniors. With his new team, he played 10 games during the 2005 Apertura, suffering a knee injury in the 11th fixture that left him out for almost the entire rest of the season. He returned for the last game of the 2006 Clausura, coming on as a substitute on a 1–0 victory over Colón.
In 2007, after a half-a-year period back at Vélez, Martínez was loaned to Colombian club Cúcuta Deportivo. With the team, he was part of the Copa Libertadores semifinalist campaign. Subsequently, he spent the 2007–08 season on loan at Al-Shabab Riyadh in Saudi Arabia.
Martínez returned to Vélez Sársfield for the 2008–09 Argentine Primera División season. Upon his return, he won the Argentine league for the second time, by being part of the 2009 Clausura squad. The forward played 9 games and scored 1 goal during the tournament (against Colón in a 4–2 away win, helping the team come back from a 0–2). He ended the tournament as a starter after replacing injured Jonathan Cristaldo for the last two games, against Lanús and Huracán, which defined the championship.
The 2010 Apertura was Martínez' best season with Vélez. Up until that tournament, he had scored 6 goals in 91 league games for the club, and had never been a regular starter. However, in that Apertura he started in all 19 games, scoring 10 goals. He also achieved his first hat-trick in Argentina, in Vélez' 6–0 victory over Colón in the 10th fixture. Moreover, his last goal of the championship, in the 2–0 away victory over Racing, was defined by various sources as "Maradona styled". Martínez dribbled with the ball from behind the half-way line, passing 6 rival players in the process, to finally beat the opposing goalkeeper. His team finished the tournament as runner-up to Estudiantes de La Plata.
Due to his performances throughout 2010, Martínez was selected by the Argentine Sports Journalists Circle as the best player of the Argentine league for that year, therefore sharing the Footballer of the Year of Argentina award with Lionel Messi (best Argentine playing abroad).
On January 2011, the striker renewed his contract with Vélez until June 2013.
On 2012 after Corinthians won the 2012 Copa Libertadores they hired Juan Manuel Martinez but didn´t get to play much on the team. He entered for a few minutes in the match against Chelsea FC in the 2012 FIFA Club World Cup.
Martinez joined Boca Juniors in January 2013.
International career.
In November 2010, Martínez was called to take part in the Argentine national team that will solely consist of Argentine League players. They will train twice a week and have friendly matches leading up to the 2011 Copa América.
The striker received his first call-up by coach Sergio Batista on January 25, 2011, for a friendly match against Portugal. He was brought down in the penalty area during injury time to win a penalty for his side from which Messi scored the winner.

</doc>
<doc id="19838740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838740" title="Chabanel (AMT)">
Chabanel (AMT)

Chabanel is a commuter rail station on the AMT Saint-Jérôme Line in the Greater Montreal, Quebec, Canada area. It has two exits located South towards Chabanel Ouest.

</doc>
<doc id="19838741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838741" title="Neochori, Evros">
Neochori, Evros

Neochori (Greek: Νεοχώρι meaning new village) is a village and a municipal district in the municipality of Orestiada in the northern part of the Evros regional unit in Greece. The municipal district includes the village Patagi. It is situated 7 km west of the centre of Orestiada.
History.
It was annexed to Greece in 1920, prior it was ruled by the Ottomans. It adopted its current name after the annexation, refugees flowed into the village and the Turkish population was displaced eastward.

</doc>
<doc id="19838770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838770" title="N. K. Naik">
N. K. Naik

Niranjan Krishna Naik (born 1944) is a professor emeritus of Aerospace Engineering at the Indian Institute of Technology Bombay, India and was previously Head of the department. His research interest is in polymer matrix composites, textile composites, and aircraft production 
N. K. Naik is a Fellow of National Academy of Sciences, India (elected 2004) and a Fellow of Indian National Academy of Engineering (elected 2005).
Naik from Aggargone village, Uttar Kannada district completed his high school (1961) from the A. H. School, Bankikodla and was awarded the National Merit scholarship to complete his college education. He earned his B.E. (1967) in Mechanical Engineering from P. D. A College of Engineering, Gulbarga and M.Tech. (1975) in Aerospace Engineering from IIT Bombay. Naik earned his Ph.D. (1984) in Aerospace Engineering from IIT Bombay. Prior to this, he was a production engineer at the West Coast Paper Mills, Dandeli and then a research assistant at IIT Bombay in the department of Aerospace Engineering.
Naik is a Fellow of the Aeronautical Society of India (F-596) and a Fellow of the Institution of Engineers (India), Aerospace Engineering Division (F/100972/5). He was awarded the Aerospace Engineering Division Gold Medal of the Institution of Engineers (India) for the year 1992-93. Naik is also Life Member of the Indian Society of Theoretical and Applied Mechanics (L/241), Life Member of the Indian Society of Mechanical Engineers (L 150/468) and Member of the American Society for Composites (Member Number 975). 
Naik was a reviewer for many Ph.D. Theses and Review Proposals for many Universities / IITs and Government Agencies in India. Naik refereed several journal publications and gave services to advisor boards of international conferences.

</doc>
<doc id="19838793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838793" title="Uncial 0121a">
Uncial 0121a

Uncial 0121a (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), α 1031 (Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 10th-century. 
Description.
The codex contains a parts of the 1 Corrinthians 15:52-2 Corinthians 1:15; 10:13-12:5 on two parchment leaves (). The text is written in two columns per page, 38 lines per page, in small uncial letters, in red ink. It has errors of iota adscriptum (τηι for τῃ).
The Greek text of this codex is a mixture of text-types. Aland placed it in Category III.
In 1 Corinthians 15:54 it lacks το φθαρτον τουτο ενδυσηται αφθαρσιαν και along with 088, 0243, 1175, 1739;
In 2 Corinthians 1:10 it reads τηλικουτου θανατου; the reading is supported by א, A, B, C, Dgr, Ggr, K, P, Ψ, 0209, 0243, 33, 81, 88, 104, 181, 326, 330, 436, 451, 614, 1241, 1739, 1877, 1881, 1962, 1984, 1985, 2127, 2492, 2495, Byz.
History.
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 10th-century.
The manuscript was examined by Johann Jakob Griesbach. Griesbach was the first who observed similarities between Londoner fragment (0121a) and Hamburger fragment (0121b), and supposed that they came from the same manuscript.
The codex now is located in the British Museum (Harley 5613), in London. It was classified together with Uncial 0121b as the same manuscript, but now it is sure, they belonged to the different manuscripts.

</doc>
<doc id="19838809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838809" title="Triangle X Barn">
Triangle X Barn

The Triangle X Barn is a log barn at the Triangle X dude ranch in Grand Teton National Park. The barn was built by J.C. Turner, who used logs from neighbor John Fee's partly completed log cabin to begin construction of his barn in 1928. The barn, which is still in use, displays several methods of notching logs. It is notable as an illustration of the extent of the re-use of building materials that was common practice on what was in the early 20th century still almost a frontier settlement.
The Triangle X is the only dude ranch still operating within the boundaries of Grand Teton National Park. The first ten log courses use dovetailed logs from Fee's unfinished cabin. The upper six courses comprising the loft base are square-notched. The gable ends are sheathed in random-width planks varying from to . The roof extends as a hood over the south end of the barn. The interior features a center aisle with two stalls on one side and a tack room on the other. There is no interior access to the loft.
The Triangle X Barn was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on August 19, 1998

</doc>
<doc id="19838817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838817" title="Southport leagues">
Southport leagues

History.
Southport Leagues Club Limited (SLCL) has been an integral part of the Gold Coast Rugby League scene and community since the 1930s when it was originally called the Southport Wanderers. This has positioned SLCL as a leading community based sporting organisation based on the Gold Coast here in Queensland. 
About.
The primary charter of SLCL is the promotion of Rugby League within the Gold Coast community and the operation of a profitable sporting club that reinvests in Rugby League and the local community.
Rugby League.
The Southport Tigers Senior Rugby League Football Club is a member of Queensland Rugby League (QRL) and plays in the Gold Coast competition. 
The primary teams currently consist of Under 19s, Reserve Grade and First Grade. 

</doc>
<doc id="19838831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838831" title="Michael Perelman">
Michael Perelman

Michael Perelman is an American economist and economic historian, currently professor of economics at California State University, Chico. Perelman has written 19 books, including "Railroading Economics", "Manufacturing Discontent", "The Perverse Economy", and "The Invention of Capitalism".
Biography.
A student of economics at the University of Michigan and San Francisco State College, Perelman earned a Ph.D in agricultural economics from the University of California, Berkeley in 1971. Perelman writes that he was drawn away from the "framework of conventional economics," noticing that the agricultural system was "consuming ten times more energy than it was producing in the form of edible food." Perelman's research into how "profit-oriented agricultural system created hunger, pollution, serious public health consequences, and environmental disruption, while throwing millions of people off the land" led to his first book, "Farming for Profit in a Hungry World" (1977). Perelman continued to write extensively in criticism of conventional or mainstream economics, including in all his books (and especially his books published from 2000 to date), papers and interviews.
Although perceiving flaws in Marx's work as it is typically interpreted in the context of its modern reading, Perelman writes that "Marx’s crisis theory was far more sophisticated than many modern readers had realized," focusing on an interpretation that is largely bypassed by many readers of Marxian economic thought. Perelman views Marxist theory as vindicated through its account of crises that a capitalist economy must inherently generate.
Perelman has appeared on a number of programs, including "Media Matters", Pacifica Radio, KPFA 94.1 Berkeley, and WBBR (Bloomberg Radio).

</doc>
<doc id="19838840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838840" title="Lohnes Township, Benson County, North Dakota">
Lohnes Township, Benson County, North Dakota

Lohnes Township is a civil township in Benson County, North Dakota, United States. As of the 2000 census, its population was 14.

</doc>
<doc id="19838841" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838841" title="McVeigh">
McVeigh

McVeigh is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19838847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838847" title="Vrontou">
Vrontou

Vrontou () may refer to several places in Greece:

</doc>
<doc id="19838850" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838850" title="West Bay Township, Benson County, North Dakota">
West Bay Township, Benson County, North Dakota

West Bay Township is a civil township in Benson County, North Dakota, United States. As of the 2000 census, its population was 60.

</doc>
<doc id="19838872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838872" title="Mission Township, Benson County, North Dakota">
Mission Township, Benson County, North Dakota

Mission Township is a civil township in Benson County, North Dakota, United States. As of the 2000 census, its population was 1,077. It is the most populous township in the county.
History.
Mission Township was formed from Wood Lake School Township in the mid-1910s. The townships is named in honor of the mission school established here in 1874 by the Grey Nuns, a Roman Catholic religious institute from Montreal, Canada. The school was established through the efforts of Major William H. Forbes, the first Indian agent on the Fort Totten Reservation, as the Spirit Lake Reservation was then known.
Geography.
Mission Township is located on the south short of Devils Lake on the Spirit Lake Reservation. It is roughly east of the community of Fort Totten and south of the city of Devils Lake. According to the United States Census Bureau, the township has a total area of , making it the 4th largest township in the county. 88% of the township is land. Devils Lake's Mission Bay shares the township's name.
Mission Township lies in survey township T152N R64W and extends into portions of survey townships T153N R63W and R64W. North Dakota Highway 20 runs through the middle of the township.
Demographics.
As of the 2000 Census, there were 1,077 people, 273 households and 231 families residing in the township. The population density was . There were 300 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the township was 84.4% American Indian or Alaska Native, 13.6% White, and 2.0% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.5% of the population.
There were 273 households, 231 of which were families. 55.3% of households had children under the age of 18 living with them, 39.6% were married couples living together, 32.6% had a female householder with no husband present and 15.4% were non-families. 12.1% of all households were made up of individuals and 2.6% had someone living alone, who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.95 and the average family size was 4.03.
In the township, the population was spread out with 46.1% under the age of 18, 10.4% from 18 to 24, 23.9% from 25 to 44, 16.0% from 45 to 64 and 3.6% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 20 years. For every 100 females, there were 94.1 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.6 males.
The median income for a household in the township was $28,125 and the median income for a family was $24,583. Males had a median income of $21,111 versus $16,991 for females. The per capita income for the village was $7,899. About 35.0% of families and 39.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 49.0% of those under age 18 and 19.4% of those age 65 or over. 15.2% of the population was unemployed.

</doc>
<doc id="19838877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838877" title="Fabián Turnes">
Fabián Turnes

Fabián Turnes (born Buenos Aires, 12 January 1965) is a former Argentinian rugby union player and a current coach. He played as a centre.
Turnes played at Banco Nación, from 1983/84 to 1988/89, where he won two titles of Argentine Champion, in 1985/86 and 1988/89. He then would play for Amatori Rugby San Donà (1989/90), Cesena and Amatori Catania, in Italy, returning for two final seasons at Banco Nación, where he would end his career in 1997/98. He then started a coach career. 
He had 29 caps for Argentina, from 1985 to 1997, scoring 63 points, 5 tries, 5 conversions, 10 penalties and 1 drop goal. He played two matches at the 1987 Rugby World Cup finals.
He was nominated, after the 2007 Rugby World Cup finals, one of the head coaches of Argentina, with Santiago Phelan.

</doc>
<doc id="19838882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838882" title="Irvine Township, Benson County, North Dakota">
Irvine Township, Benson County, North Dakota

Irvine Township is a civil township in Benson County, North Dakota, United States. As of the 2000 census, its population was 24.

</doc>
<doc id="19838923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838923" title="Warwick Township, Benson County, North Dakota">
Warwick Township, Benson County, North Dakota

Warwick Township is a civil township in Benson County, North Dakota, United States. As of the 2000 census, its population was 78.

</doc>
<doc id="19838926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838926" title="Peter Stimpson">
Peter Stimpson

Peter John Stimpson (born 25 May 1947) is a former Welsh cricketer who played first-class and List A cricket for Worcestershire in 1971 and 1972.
Stimpson was playing for Worcestershire's Second XI as early as 1963, aged just 16,
but it was almost eight years before he made his first-team debut, playing against Oxford University at The University Parks in May 1971. He opened the batting, but in his only innings managed just 11.
However, he had several good innings later in the season, including the only first-class century of his career: 103 against Glamorgan at Worcester.
He immediately followed this up with knocks of 88 and 42 not out against Warwickshire at Edgbaston.
Stimpson had ended 1971 with 787 first-class runs at 27.13, but he suffered a run drought in early 1972, repeatedly being dismissed for very small scores. He did make 52 against Surrey in mid-May,
but it was not enough to prevent his return to the Second XI, and it was July before he re-established himself in the first team. Again he had a run of failures, but 88 in the County Championship against Kent brought him out of it,
and 52 against Essex in the John Player League (his only List A half-century) gave cause for further hope.
However, despite one more half-century (66 versus Nottinghamshire) by the end of the year he was struggling for runs once more, and 1972 was to be his second and last season of first-team county cricket.
Although Stimpson's career in major cricket had ended, in the mid-1970s he appeared on several occasions for Zambia in East African tournaments, and in August 1976 produced an eye-catching performance, hitting 89 and 128* as an opener as Zambia beat Tanzania.

</doc>
<doc id="19838960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838960" title="East Fork Township, Benson County, North Dakota">
East Fork Township, Benson County, North Dakota

East Fork Township is a civil township in Benson County, North Dakota, United States. As of the 2000 census, its population was 36.

</doc>
<doc id="19838970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838970" title="Overlap (railway signalling)">
Overlap (railway signalling)

An overlap in railway signalling is the length of track beyond a stop signal that is proved to be clear of vehicles in the controls of the previous signal, as a safety margin.
Overview.
Enough braking distance is provided to allow a train to comfortably stop at the stop signal, but should it fail to do so for any reason (fog, smoke, slippery rails, brake failure, inattention by driver, etc.) there is still some distance to allow the train to stop short of any obstruction, such as another train.
Length.
The length of an overlap may be a nominal length, or else calculated on the full emergency braking distance for the gradients and speeds for that particular section of line.
Two signal protection.
If the overlap is long enough to extend from one stop signal to the next, then the effect is to provide two signal protection (or "double blocking"), with the first signal having a full overlap, and the second signal having a short overlap.
With two signal protection, only one track circuit is needed between successive signals. However, overlaps may then be longer than is necessary with an adverse effect on headway, should headway be important on that section of line.
With one signal protection, there may be two track circuits between successive signals, which has a cost, however headways can be optimised.
Country practice.
Overlap design vary widely with signalling practice in different countries and types of AWS and ATP. Many countries do not use overlaps at all.
Germany.
In Germany the following distances before entry to a station or another critical point are used:

</doc>
<doc id="19838977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838977" title="Minco Township, Benson County, North Dakota">
Minco Township, Benson County, North Dakota

Minco Township is a civil township in Benson County, North Dakota, United States. As of the 2000 census, its population was 22.

</doc>
<doc id="19838983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838983" title="Normania Township, Benson County, North Dakota">
Normania Township, Benson County, North Dakota

Normania Township is a civil township in Benson County, North Dakota, United States. As of the 2000 census, its population was 56.

</doc>
<doc id="19838984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838984" title="Mundy (disambiguation)">
Mundy (disambiguation)

Mundy (born Edmund Enright) is an Irish singer-songwriter.
Mundy may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19838991" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838991" title="Alex Bag">
Alex Bag

Alex Bag (born 1969) in New York City is an artist working primarily in video. She currently resides in Glen Ridge, New Jersey.
Life and work.
Bag received her BFA from Cooper Union and had her first solo exhibition at 303 Gallery only three years after graduating. Her work has been shown at the Gagosian Gallery, P.S. 1, Tate Gallery, Centre Georges Pompidou, Museum of Modern Art, Philadelphia Museum of Art, and numerous spaces internationally. She has performed at The Knitting Factory and lectured at Yale University, Parsons School of Design, Cal Arts, and The Getty Research Institute. In the December 2004 issue of "Artforum", David Rimanelli remarked that “Alex Bag belongs on the Top Ten every year, whatever she does." Bag has also shown with Galerie Almine Rech in Paris in 1999, American Fine Arts Co. in New York (2000 and 2002), The Whitney Museum of American Art (2009), and was represented by Elizabeth Dee Gallery, where she exhibited in 2004 and 2009, until late 2011. She is currently represented by Team Gallery, Inc., where she had a solo exhibition in March 2012. This exhibition, which was in part a collaboration with Patterson Beckwith, featured compilations from Bag's public access television program from 1994 to 1997 with a "hodge-podge of the artists’ punk-rock fueled antics interspersed with clips that resemble The Soup-style recaps of the week’s talk shows."
Her work is largely influenced by television, which she finds to be "the most awful thing. But I can't stop watching it. It's so expected that that's what your leisure time is supposed to be--that the accepted way to spend your free time is just to be an absorber, a zombie. I feel compelled to talk back--to respond in some way as a human being" (Frankel, David,"TV, or not TV: David Frankel on Alex Bag"). Her father worked in advertising and Bag sometimes visited his sets as a child, which she regarded as "something just as exciting and important as traditional kinds of fine art." Her mother also worked in television as the host of popular children's program "The Carol Corbett Show", later renamed "The Patchwork Family". Bag appeared on the show at the age of four to interview a monkey.
Though similar to Pop Art in its appropriation of pop culture and mass media, Bag adds political criticism to her work. "There are so many good things about Pop art, but other things I think are awful. The Pop artists accepted their place and time and allowed themselves to reference the world around them, look at it, be inspired by it, examine it, not be so isolated from it, not be in an ivory tower. But at the same time they limited themselves by being so much about surface gloss. They repeat popular imagery without saying anything, really; it's devoid of politics" (Frankel, David,"TV, or not TV: David Frankel on Alex Bag").
Grants and awards.
In 1995, she was awarded a grant from the Foundation for Contemporary Arts Grants to Artists Award.
Selected works.
Fall '95 (1995).
A performance video on art school,"Fall '95" documents the fictionalized life of the New York City art school School of Visual Arts student, played by Bag herself. Taking the form of a video diary, Bag's character addresses the camera directly, expressing her thoughts on life and art, which mature significantly over the course of eight semesters. Interspersed between these entries are clips commenting on a variety of topics including male aggression, mockingly portrayed by toys, and video art from the 1970s.
Untitled (Project for the Andy Warhol Museum) (1996).
Bag recreates the act of channel surfing in this video composed of short segments of ads, self-help shows, soap operas, and news programs recreated by the artist herself.
Le Cruel et Curieux Vie du la Salmonellapod (2000).
A collaboration with Ethan Kramer, "Le Cruel et Curieux Vie du la Salmonellapod" is a nature documentary about an imaginary animal with feathers and tentacles. The animal is shown attacking a terrier and reproducing in upstate New York.
The Van (2001).
Installed in a van with leather and fake pink fur interior, this video presents Bag in the roles of three made-up artists as they are driven to the Leroy Leloupe Gallery by its owner. The three discuss their work, their outfits, and career aspirations.
Crackup (2002).
In this series of C-prints, Bag posed as a series of different characters with bulging orbs for eyes. The frames have built in speakers activated by the viewer squeezing a big pink button. In one photograph, Bag sits on a therapist's couch while the dialogue says "I want to start you immediately on morphine for the hopelessness, Prozac for the dejection and guilt...and Zoloft for the unbearable sense of dread." In another, Bag poses in front of a Blockbuster and discusses the store's promotional use of the word "love."
Coven Services for Consumer Mesmerism, Product Sorcery, and the Necromantic Reimagination of Consumption (2004).
Coven Services is Bag's imaginary PR firm and advertising agency, serving clients such as Monsanto Company, Bechtel, and AOL Time Warner. This installation at Elizabeth Dee Gallery consists of wall collage, framed finished advertisements and video. The wall collage includes Polaroids, drawings of Michael Jackson promoting Monsanto and Rush Limbaugh surrounded by an aura of OxyContin, magic spell recipes in Old English, and tear sheets. A trail of rubber rats leads to the video at the back of the gallery, which shows Bag promoting Chase Bank, AOL, and thong pads along with clips of the Paris Hilton sex tape.

</doc>
<doc id="19838993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19838993" title="Lallie Township, Benson County, North Dakota">
Lallie Township, Benson County, North Dakota

Lallie Township is a civil township in Benson County, North Dakota, United States. As of the 2000 census, its population was 364.

</doc>
<doc id="19839055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839055" title="Battle of Shayuan">
Battle of Shayuan

The Battle of Shayuan occurred during the second war of the Southern and Northern Dynasty between the Eastern and Western Wei. It occurred in 537 AD.

</doc>
<doc id="19839056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839056" title="Lake Ibsen Township, Benson County, North Dakota">
Lake Ibsen Township, Benson County, North Dakota

Lake Isben Township is a civil township in Benson County, North Dakota, United States. As of the 2000 census, its population was 39.

</doc>
<doc id="19839057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839057" title="Twin Tree Township, Benson County, North Dakota">
Twin Tree Township, Benson County, North Dakota

Twin Tree Township is a civil township in Benson County, North Dakota, United States. As of the 2000 census, its population was 50.

</doc>
<doc id="19839059" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839059" title="Riggin Township, Benson County, North Dakota">
Riggin Township, Benson County, North Dakota

Riggin Township is a civil township in Benson County, North Dakota, United States. As of the 2000 census, its population was 63.

</doc>
<doc id="19839060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839060" title="West Antelope Township, Benson County, North Dakota">
West Antelope Township, Benson County, North Dakota

West Antelope Township is a civil township in Benson County, North Dakota, United States. As of the 2000 census, its population was 33.

</doc>
<doc id="19839061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839061" title="Demansia psammophis">
Demansia psammophis

The Yellow-faced Whip-Snake (Demansia psammophis) is a species of snake in the Elapidae family, a family containing many dangerous snakes. It is endemic to Australia.
A long thin snake with a narrow head. Greyish green in colour. The eye has a "comma" like marking to the edge of the lip, the black marking is edged with yellow. A white edged dark line is seen from the snout.
Average size 80 cm long, maximum 1.2 metres. Hatchlings 20 cm long. A lizard eating specialist, it is common throughout its range. Not an aggressive species, but the bite is to be avoided, as extreme pain will affect the bitten limb. 

</doc>
<doc id="19839063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839063" title="Oberon Township, Benson County, North Dakota">
Oberon Township, Benson County, North Dakota

Oberon Township is a civil township in Benson County, North Dakota, United States. As of the 2000 census, its population was 91.

</doc>
<doc id="19839065" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839065" title="McClellan Township, Benson County, North Dakota">
McClellan Township, Benson County, North Dakota

McClellan Township is a civil township in Benson County, North Dakota, United States. As of the 2000 census, its population was 34.

</doc>
<doc id="19839068" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839068" title="South Viking Township, Benson County, North Dakota">
South Viking Township, Benson County, North Dakota

South Viking Township is a civil township in Benson County, North Dakota, United States. As of the 2000 census, its population was 69.

</doc>
<doc id="19839094" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839094" title="Local color (visual art)">
Local color (visual art)

In painting, the term Local color refers to the natural color of an object unmodified by adding light and shadow or any other distortion. Local color is best seen on a matte surface, due to it not being reflected, and therefore distorted.
In Fine Art Realism, this refers to the color the brain perceives an object to be. For example, an apple is red.
In contemporary sculpture this refers to the use of raw material that remains unpainted in the completed work.

</doc>
<doc id="19839112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839112" title="Katie Sadleir">
Katie Sadleir

Catherine Anne Grant (Katie) Sadleir (born 14 August 1964 in Torphins, Scotland) is a former synchronized swimmer. She competed for New Zealand at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles with her sister Lynette Sadleir. In the Women's Solo Katie finished 37th and in the Women's Duet Katie and Lynette finished 12th.
At the 1986 Commonwealth Games in Edinburgh Katie won the Bronze medal in the Women's Solo.
She was the Assistant Chef de Mission for the New Zealand team at the 1994 Commonwealth Games in Vancouver.

</doc>
<doc id="19839119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839119" title="Cockle Creek (Tasmania)">
Cockle Creek (Tasmania)

Cockle Creek is a tiny settlement in Tasmania, the farthest point south one can drive in Australia, 148 km from Hobart via the Huon Highway. It is located on Recherche Bay on the edge of the Southwest National Park, part of the Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Area.
There are no shops or other facilities in the settlement, but a campground is located in the National Park with public toilets and a public phone. The National Park Ranger's office is only staffed intermittently. Main activities are camping, fishing, birdwatching and bushwalking.
Arts Tasmania with the Tasmania Parks and Wildlife Service offers an artists residency program at Cockle Creek "for an individual or collaboration of practising artists working in any art form to develop their work in response to the natural environment of Tasmania."
Bushwalking.
The area is known for its scenic beauty of deserted white beaches and turquoise waters of Recherche Bay and a variety of short and multi-day bushwalks including the end of the 82 km South Coast Track, recommended for experienced bushwalkers equipped for wilderness walking. 
A bronze sculpture of an infant southern right whale and interpretive sign on a small promontory a 5 minute walk from the car park explains the area's history of settlement around bay whaling, timber getting and coal mining. Longer walks include to the Fishers Point Navigation Light and ruins of the Pilot Stationand a track to South East Cape for cliff-top views of the Southern Ocean and Maatsuyker Island.
History.
Tasmanian Aborigines valued this region for the seals, shellfish and bush hunting it provided during the warmer months, with evidence of many shell middens in the area.
The region provided an important port of call for ships transporting convicts to the Sarah Island Penal Colony in Macquarie Harbour on the West coast of Tasmania from 1822 to 1834, when sealers, whalers and loggers visited the area and settled to extract huon pine, or conduct bay whaling in Recherche Bay. During the 1830s there were 4 whaling stations at Cockle Creek. In 1836 a Pilot Station was set up on Fisher's Point, the southern headland to Recherche Bay, but was abandoned by 1851. During the 1840s the Crown granted seven leases for the establishment of bay whaling stations in Recherche Bay. But whales had been hunted with pregnant cows and calves indiscriminately slaughtered. Sperm whales and Southern right whales were the main species hunted. By the 1850s bay whaling was in fast decline with the decimation of breeding whale populations using the bay to calve and the advent of deep sea whaling. 
The settlement numbered more than 2000 people at its peak with surveying for a town called "Ramsgate" in an advanced stage. As whaling started to decline, timber-getting became an important activity with wooden tramways transporting logs to sawmills at Cockle Creek, Catamaran and Leprena. But gradually the good timber became less accessible and coal was discovered enabling the tramways to transport coal for export by ship at Evoralls Point, just north of Cockle Creek. Eventually the coal seam dwindled, causing people to drift away.
Ecotourism development controversy.
In 2004 Melbourne property developer David Marriner proposed building a $15 million eco-tourist complex at Cockle Creek East at Planter Beach within the National Park but outside the World Heritage Area which provoked some controversy. As a result of protests, the developer decided in December 2006 to pursue approval for construction of the main lodge building and carpark development on private land adjoining the National Park.
A development of a new site plan for Cockle Creek and Recherche Bay, and the still proposed resort at Planter Beach, Cockle Creek East, was announced in March 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19839125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839125" title="Vrontous">
Vrontous

Vrontous (, - Sharliya) is a mountain range in the northeastern Serres and the westernmost Drama regional units in Greece. Its highest peak is the Ali Babas () at 1,849 m elevation. Other notable peaks are the Kour Lof (1,667 m, southwest of Ali Babas), Mavro vouno (1,653 m, northeast), Siderovouni (1,475 m, east) and Sarligia (1,404 m, southwest). It is a densely forested and sparsely populated mountain range. It stretches between the village Vamvakofyto in the southwest and Perithori in the northeast, over a length of about 35 km. The nearest mountains are the Slavyanka/Orvilos to the north and the Menoikio to the southeast. 
The nearest larger towns are Serres to the south and Sidirokastro to the west. Villages in the Vrontous mountains include Ano Vrontou, Kato Vrontou and Katafyto in the east, Achladochori in the north and Oreini in the south. The Greek National Road 63/E79 (Serres - Sidirokastro - Promachonas - Bulgaria) passes west of the mountains. The small ski resort Lailias is situated in the Vrontous mountains.

</doc>
<doc id="19839152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839152" title="E79">
E79

E79 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19839156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839156" title="San Luis Obispo Blues">
San Luis Obispo Blues

The San Luis Obispo Blues are a collegiate wood bat baseball team in the California Collegiate League, the Horizon Air Summer Series and the Sierra Baseball League. The league is a summer league for college students, and the Blues are made up mostly of students from California Polytechnic State University. They are owned by SLO Baseball Alliance, LLC.
History.
The Blues began in 1946 when founding manager Sandy Leguina gathered a group of WWII vets coming home to San Luis Obispo, who wanted to play baseball. He added a few younger players and began the season as the San Luis Obispo Merchants playing against semipro and town teams from throughout California.
Players who played for the Blues include Leroy "Satchel" Paige (Hall of Famer), Jim Lonborg, Chuck Estrada, Mel Queen, Joe Amalfitano, Rocky Bridges, Jim Lefebvre, Dean Treanor, Tom Morgan, Virgil Trucks, Tom Hutton, Andy Messersmith, and Brian Fuentes.

</doc>
<doc id="19839157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839157" title="Bill Cunningham (American photographer)">
Bill Cunningham (American photographer)

William J. Cunningham (born March 13, 1929) is a fashion photographer for "The New York Times", known for his candid and street photography.
Life and career.
Born in Boston, Cunningham dropped out of Harvard University in 1948 and moved to New York City, where he initially worked in advertising. Not long after, he quit his job and struck out on his own, making hats under the name "William J." This business folded when he was drafted. After serving a tour in the U.S. Army, he returned to New York and started writing for the "Chicago Tribune".
During his years as a writer he contributed significantly to fashion journalism, introducing American audiences to Azzedine Alaïa and Jean-Paul Gaultier. While working at the "Tribune" and at "Women's Wear Daily" he began taking photographs of fashion on the streets of New York. After taking a chance photograph of Greta Garbo, he published a group of impromptu pictures in the "Times" in December 1978, which soon became a regular series. His editor, Arthur Gelb, has called these photographs "a turning point for the "Times", because it was the first time the paper had run pictures of well-known people without getting their permission."
Cunningham photographs people and the passing scene in the streets of Manhattan every day, focusing on their genuine usage of clothing to express personal style. He is known not to overly photograph celebrities (like a paparazzi would) or people that use fame to showcase clothing they didn't originally pick themselves (sponsored, free clothing). Most of his pictures, he has said, are never published. His personal independence philosophy was cited by CNN: "You see if you don’t take money, they can’t tell you what to do, kid." Designer Oscar de la Renta has said, "More than anyone else in the city, he has the whole visual history of the last 40 or 50 years of New York. It's the total scope of fashion in the life of New York." He has made a career taking unexpected photographs of everyday people, socialites and fashion personalities, many of whom value his company. According to David Rockefeller, Brooke Astor asked that Cunningham attend her 100th birthday party, the only member of the media invited.
In 2008 he was awarded the Officier de l'ordre des Arts et des Lettres by the French Ministry of Culture. 
In 2010, filmmaker Richard Press and Philip Gefter of "The Times" produced "Bill Cunningham New York", a documentary about Cunningham. The film was released on March 16, 2011. It shows Cunningham traveling through Manhattan by bicycle and living in a tiny apartment in the Carnegie Hall building. The apartment has no closet, kitchen, or private bathroom, and is filled with filing cabinets and boxes of his photographs. The documentary also details his philosophy on fashion, art, and photography, as well as observes his interactions with his subjects while taking photos.
He was featured on BBC Two's "The Culture Show" in March 2012.
References.
Notes
Sources

</doc>
<doc id="19839160" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839160" title="E81">
E81

E81 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19839175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839175" title="Carryover with steam">
Carryover with steam

Carryover with steam, in steam technology, refers to transport of moisture and impurities with steam.
The moisture carryover with steam is quantified by the mass flow rate of liquid water per mass flow rate of steam. In boilers producing saturated steam, it is typically about 0.1% but may increase with fouling and boiler impurities.
The carryover of impurities (for example, sodium, chloride, copper, silica) with steam can be divided into two parts:
The total carryover is a sum of the mechanical and vaporous carryover. The vaporous carryover generally increases with increasing steam pressure. In low pressure boilers, the mechanical carryover of impurities prevails, possibly with the exception of more volatile impurities, like silica.
The impurity carryover can cause corrosion and fouling of steam turbines, reheaters, and superheaters.

</doc>
<doc id="19839179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839179" title="Operation Mojo (TV film)">
Operation Mojo (TV film)

Operation Mojo is part documentary and part rock-mockumentary musical comedy of the TEENick series The Naked Brothers Band. It's the 6th television movie of Naked Brothers Band. It's the 2nd TV Movie of Season 3. The movie aired on Nickelodeon on November 22, 2008
Plot.
When Nat sees a tabloid photo of Rosalina kissing a young Frenchman during her "around the world cruise", he becomes convinced that he’s losing her for good and goes into a funk that threatens to prevent him from finishing the movie the band is making. 
Desperate to snap him out of his gloom, Alex leads Nat into the wilderness, believing that surviving the perils of nature will lead Nat to discover his inner strength and regain his mojo. But with so much at stake Alex knows that failure isn’t an option, so he enlists the aid of his band mates to clandestinely stage events designed to make Nat believe he’s a wilderness hero.
When it seemed that the band is not helping, they made a plan with Qaasim's cousin to be saved from a bear and be kissed by Nat. The movie includes the debut of two brand-new songs, "I Feel Alone" written by Nat Wolff and a colleague of his, Dawaun Hardy, performed by Nat and "Curious," written and performed by Nat Wolff. At the end Rosalina comes back, explains her mistakes, and they kiss and hug.

</doc>
<doc id="19839187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839187" title="Pat O'Daniel and His Hillbilly Boys">
Pat O'Daniel and His Hillbilly Boys

Pat O'Daniel and his Hillbilly Boys was a Texan Western swing band with its own radio program during the mid-1930s. Pat O'Daniel, the son of "Pappy" O'Daniel, was the band's leader. The Hillbilly Boys, associated with Pappy O'Daniel's flour company which produced Hillbilly Flour, helped catapult Pappy O'Daniel to the governorship of Texas (although this is often credited to Pappy O'Daniel's earlier band, the Light Crust Doughboys).
Background.
After leaving the Burrus Mill Flour Company in 1935, Pappy O'Daniel created the W. Lee O'Daniel Flour Co., with its Hillbilly Flour brand. In conjunction with his new company, O'Daniel also formed a new band, called the Hillbilly Boys, and installed his son Pat as its band leader. Other members included his other son Mike, Leon Huff, Leon McAuliffe, and at various times, Kermit "The Love Bird" Whalin, Jim Boyd, Wallace Griffin, Curley Perrin, Bundy Bratcher and Kitty "Texas Rose" Williamson. To keep his singers' individual fame from eclipsing the band's as a whole (as had happened with Bob Wills), Pappy O'Daniel decided to give band members nicknames (Pat was called Patty-boy, Mike was called Mickey Wickey, and Caroll Hubbard was Little Caesar the Fiddle Teaser). Pappy continued his past success at linking music with advertising. This included marketing ideas like including pictures of his band members on sacks of flour, which moms could sew into dolls for their children.
The band's theme song, an adaptation of "I Like Mountain Music", a popular fiddle song, included the line "Pass the biscuits, Pappy!" which gave the elder O'Daniel his nickname. He announced his Texas gubernatorial campaign in 1938 on the radio during the Hillbilly Boys' radio show and make "Pass the biscuits, Pappy!" his campaign slogan. As he had done earlier with the Doughboys, O'Daniel fitted out a bus with placards advertising Hillbilly Flour and took his band on the road, but this time to mount a political campaign. O'Daniel, his son Pat and the other Hillbilly Boys drove more than 20,000 miles in their bus promoting O'Daniel's political ambitions and his flour. By most accounts, the band drew rapt crowds in even the smallest town. When the tour bus hit Houston, it drew an estimated 26,000 people, the largest crowd ever for a political rally in Texas at that time.
Radio show.
The Hillbilly Boys had a 15-minute daily radio show, which was immensely popular in Great Depression-era Texas. It featured Western swing music and preaching by Pappy O'Daniel. The show extolled the values of Hillbilly brand flour, the Ten Commandments and the Bible. O'Daniel's biographer credited the Hillbilly Boys (and the Doughboys)' radio shows with O'Daniel's gubernatorial win. The counties where O'Daniel won a plurality of votes were the ones that received the Doughboys' and Hillbilly Boys' broadcasts. The largest pluralities were recorded around Fort Worth, Texas, where the radio stations that broadcast their shows (KFJZ and later WBAP) were headquartered.
There is precious little documentation on the show in major radio directories. It is however, covered extensively within Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="19839214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839214" title="Herbert Ward Wilson">
Herbert Ward Wilson

Herbert Ward Wilson (29 September 1877 – 1 October 1955) was an Australian science lecturer and naturalist.
Education.
Wilson was born in England at Bradford, Yorkshire, but moved to Victoria, Australia, with his family in 1883, settling at Dimboola. There he attended school and late joined the Victorian Education Department as a teacher. After undergoing further training at the Melbourne Training College, he was appointed a lecturer in natural history. He was also deputy to John Albert Leach and assisted him with his publications.
From 1908 Wilson studied agricultural botany at the University of Melbourne. He was also involved at this time in setting up the Gould League of Bird Lovers.
WWII.
Wilson's studies were interrupted by the First World War. Enlisting in the Australian Imperial Forces in 1915, he served at Gallipoli and in Egypt and France, being steadily promoted and rising to the rank of Major by the time of his demobilization in 1919. He was awarded the Military Cross, the Belgian Croix de Guerre and was appointed OBE.
Career.
After the war Wilson married Myra Hester Smith in 1920. Resuming his studies, he gained a BSc in 1920 and a MSc in 1925. This was followed by a career of lecturing on biological science, and especially botany. He was a member of the Royal Australasian Ornithologists Union, the Bird Observers Club, the Microscopical Society and the Field Naturalists Club of Victoria, from the latter of which he was awarded the Australian Natural History Medallion in 1943. He died at his home in Caulfield, being survived by a son.

</doc>
<doc id="19839221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839221" title="Juliet Dove, Queen of Love">
Juliet Dove, Queen of Love

Juliet Dove, Queen of Love is a Magic Shop book written by Bruce Coville.
Plot summary.
Juliet Dove, a middle school girl, gets lured into a shop and is given a magical and incredibly strong crystal amulet. The amulet cannot come off and she realizes that she is in a story. In order for her to be free, she has to complete it. The amulet makes the person that wears it truly, strongly and deeply romantically attractive to the opposite gender. With the help of two rats that can talk, who are friends of the shop owner, she finds out the amulet was given to her by Eris, the goddess of chaos and discord. She is embarrassed by the group of boys that follow her, as she has unwittingly captivated and charmed them to her romantic love and affections. She manages to solve the mystery and reunite two mythological romantic lovers, Cupid and Psyche.
Reception.
Louise Brueggemann, of Booklist, reviewed the book saying, "Coville’s easy style works well in a tale that has its share of both humor and heartache. Fans of the Magic Shop series will enjoy this latest installment". B. Allison Gray, of School Library Journal, reviewed the book saying, "Coville capably interweaves mythological characters with realistic modern ones, keeping readers truly absorbed". Kliatt reviewed the audio book.

</doc>
<doc id="19839226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839226" title="Greaves Hall">
Greaves Hall

Greaves Hall was a country house on the outskirts of Banks in Lancashire, England, built in a Tudorbethan style for Thomas Talbot Leyland Scarisbrick in 1900.
History.
Thomas Scarisbrick born in 1874, built Greaves Hall in 1900 on a 124-acre (0.50 km2) site given by his father as a wedding present when he married Josephine Chamberlain of Cleveland, Ohio, USA in 1895. The mansion was surrounded by sculptured lawns, gardens with ornamental trees and flowering shrubs. The hall had approximately 55 rooms, open areas situated on the ground, first, second and attic floors and a vast basement. A porter's lodge by the main entrance, a gardener's lodge, engineer's workshop, laundry and general workshop in mock Tudor style were built in close proximity.
The Scarisbricks remained at Greaves Hall until after the First World War when they moved to Scarisbrick Hall and sold the estate to a consortium of farmers from Banks. The mansion stood empty while the land was cultivated by the consortium.
On 3 May 1932 the house was leased to Dorothy Glaister Greaves and became Sherbrook Private Girls' School. The ballroom was used as the school hall, with dormitories in the attic rooms, the library was re-stocked. The gardens were used for sports and leisure with tennis courts and hockey pitches. The house and grounds were used by the school until 1938 when it closed.
Greaves Hall Hospital.
After the school closed, the house was used as a hospital for patients with tuberculosis.
In 1948, it was used for patients from Liverpool with mental health problems. The mental health unit had wards and ancillary buildings in the leisure grounds of the old house. The hospital closed in the early 1990s when services were moved to Southport.
Dereliction.
The hall suffered from acts of vandalism and arson after it closed and its owners claimed it was beyond repair. Applications were made to demolish the building, and other buildings including the landmark water tower. Despite having Listed building status Greaves Hall suffered arson attacks which led to its partial demolition in 2003 and 2005. The building was removed from the heritage at risk register in 2009 and demolished shortly afterwards, having become structurally unsafe. Demolition took two months due to the grand scale of the building.
Development.
Redrow homes have developed most of the site where the hospital wards once stood. The old the hospital school was converted into a new school for St Stephen's Primary. The former communal hall at the centre of hospital activities was converted into "Banks Leisure Centre" retaining the gymnasium, stage and function hall. The swimming pool was filled in and replaced by football/tennis/basketball courts.
The nurses' houses are privately owned. The recreational ground and golf driving range are used for football and archery. In 2009 a development of houses was built next to the old nurses' homes. A small business park has been developed in ancillary buildings south of the water tower, which is known as 'Greaves Hall Industrial Estate'.The hospital water tower is derelict and its future is uncertain. The remains of the maintenance buildings were demolished in late 2010.
Future.
There have been proposals for the re-generation of the site. Part of the site has been designated for employment. More shops and businesses are needed in the village and Greaves Hall has been identified as a prime location. This will also incorporate the "Greaves Hall Industrial Estate" into the employment plan.
The playing field is designated as green space along with the wood and cannot be developed.

</doc>
<doc id="19839241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839241" title="Gravity wagon">
Gravity wagon

The gravity wagon, or slant wagon, is an angled hopper style wagon that utilizes gravity to make the unloading process easier. It is primarily used for on farms for agricultural purposes, such as for holding crops or fertilizer. For easy comparison, it is similar to a railroad hopper car, only with one door which is located on the bottom side rather than on the bottom center.
Description.
A gravity wagon has three sides which are angled at about 45 degrees and one side that is vertical. An unloading door is located at the bottom of the vertical side where the three angled sides come together. This design causes the contents of the wagon to funnel towards the door so that no effort has to be put forth to unload the contents other than opening the door, which opens upwards by the action of a lever or turning of a wheel. 
The chassis used for gravity wagons is sometimes the same as the chassis used for hay wagons.

</doc>
<doc id="19839261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839261" title="Godaesan">
Godaesan

Godaesan is a mountain in South Korea. Its area extends across Yeoncheon, Gyeonggi-do and Cheorwon County, Gangwon-do. Godaesan has an elevation of .

</doc>
<doc id="19839268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839268" title="Harvey Grubb">
Harvey Grubb

Harvey Harrison Grubb (September 18, 1890 – January 25, 1970) was a Major League Baseball third baseman. He batted and threw right-handed. Grubb was 6 feet tall and 165 pounds. Harvey had just one plate appearance in his entire career with the Cleveland Indians on September 27, 1912. He was hit by a pitch and never batted again. In the field he made 1 put out.

</doc>
<doc id="19839291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839291" title="Battleship/Connect Four/Sorry!/Trouble">
Battleship/Connect Four/Sorry!/Trouble

Battleship/Connect Four/Sorry!/Trouble is a compilation video game released for Nintendo DS in North America on August 17, 2006. The game contains four classic board games from Milton Bradley and Parker Brothers. Incidentally, these brands are all under the Hasbro Corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="19839296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839296" title="George Price Hays">
George Price Hays

George Price Hays (September 27, 1892–August 7, 1978) was a United States Army general who served during World War I and World War II. He earned the Medal of Honor as a young artillery officer during the Second Battle of the Marne in World War I. During World War II, he commanded the 10th Mountain Division in the last few months of the Italian Campaign.
Hays was born on September 27, 1892, in China, where his parents worked as Presbyterian missionaries. He was commissioned a second lieutenant in 1917, and by July 14, 1918, was a first lieutenant serving in France with the 10th Field Artillery, 3rd Division. On that day, during the Second Battle of the Marne near Greves Farm, his unit came under a heavy German artillery barrage and the communication lines were destroyed. Despite the intense fire, Hays rode on horseback between his unit, the command post, and two French batteries for the rest of that day and the next. Although he was severely wounded and had seven horses shot out from under him, his efforts contributed to the halt of the German advance. For these actions, he was awarded the Medal of Honor the next year, in 1919.
He commanded the 99th Field Artillery (Pack) from 1940 to 1941; among his subordinates was Captain William Orlando Darby, who went on to found the U.S. Army Rangers. After the United States' entry into World War II, Hays participated in the Battle of Monte Cassino in early 1944. He commanded the 2nd Infantry Division's artillery on Omaha Beach during the invasion of Normandy in June of that year.
In late November 1944, after returning to the U.S., Hays took over the 10th Mountain Division when its previous commander fell ill. After training, the division arrived in Italy in January and fought throughout the spring offensive. On April 24, 1945, William Darby was assigned to the division as Hays' assistant commander; he was killed in action six days later. After the end of the war in Europe, Hays became High Commissioner for the US Occupation Zone in Germany from 1949, and was placed in charge of the occupation forces in Austria from 1952. He retired from the military in 1953, having reached the rank of lieutenant general.
Medal of Honor citation.
Citation:
At the very outset of the unprecedented artillery bombardment by the enemy, his line of communication was destroyed beyond repair. Despite the hazard attached to the mission of runner, he immediately set out to establish contact with the neighboring post of command and further establish liaison with 2 French batteries, visiting their position so frequently that he was mainly responsible for the accurate fire therefrom. While thus engaged, 7 horses were shot under him and he was severely wounded. His activity under most severe fire was an important factor in checking the advance of the enemy.

</doc>
<doc id="19839318" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839318" title="Eugenia Burzio">
Eugenia Burzio

Eugenia Burzio (20 June 1872 - 18 May 1922) was an Italian operatic soprano known for her vibrant voice and passionate style of singing.
She was particularly prominent in the verismo repertoire, creating the role of Delia Terzaghi in Ruggero Leoncavallo's "Goffredo Mameli" as well as singing Minnie in the Italian premiere of Giacomo Puccini's "La fanciulla del West". While many music critics found her interpretations imaginative and exciting, others criticized her for the unevenness of her voice and other technical shortcomings. 
Career.
Burzio was born in Poirino, Piedmont. Initially, she pursued a career as a violinist but decided instead to concentrate on opera singing while still aged only in her twenties. She studied voice at the Milan Conservatory with Carolina Ferni (the mother of the baritone Eugenio Giraldoni) and made her professional début as Santuzza, in Pietro Mascagni's "Cavalleria rusticana", at the Teatro Regio di Torino in 1899. 
She went on to enjoy a highly successful career throughout her homeland as a lyric-dramatic soprano, although her ardent, larger-than-life mode of vocalism was not calculated to appeal to the taste of more conservative British and American audiences, and this limited the scope of her international reputation. 
Burzio was a magnetic actress and she became particularly associated with the music of the verismo school of composers, exemplified by Mascagni, Leoncavallo, Umberto Giordano and, to a certain extent, Puccini. She was a regular performer at Italy's pre-eminent opera house, La Scala, Milan, during the first two decades of the 20th century, appearing in a wide repertoire, often under the baton of Arturo Toscanini. Surprisingly, given her lack of a true bel canto technique, her La Scala roles included Gluck’s "Armide" and Bellini’s "Norma. 
She also sang in South America and in Russia—at St Petersburg's renowned Mariinsky Theatre.
In addition, Burzio cut a number of frequently gripping 78-rpm gramophone recordings in Milan between 1905 and 1916. Towards the end of her career, however, she suffered from a nervous disorder and general ill-health. She made her final stage appearance in 1919, in Ponchielli’s "Marion Delorme". Burzio died at Milan, three years later, aged 49, of kidney failure.
External links.
Biography
Audio files

</doc>
<doc id="19839337" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839337" title="Fajã Mata Sete">
Fajã Mata Sete

Fajã Mata Sete is a cliff in the north of the island of São Jorge. The cliff are linked with several trails that connect Farol dos Rosais (Rosais Lighthouse).
The cliff is the most dangerous, it was formed during the 1980 earthquake that took place on January 1. The cliff for many times was the lighthouse in the rendered area. Probably in that elevation occurred the rise and fall of the cliff and most of the inhabitants mainly temigrants.
The cliff are not surrounded by houses, most of its land are divided into plants or rocks and vegetation mostly winery and potatoes. The lands around the cliff mainly between the months of March and April for the cultivation of the lands and harvested during September. The wines are grown near the cliff, for the making that always rely on formes a penny rock for two rocks that makes another formations.
This cliff has several caves, mainly around Furna and it always were used for some people for the dislocation of the cliff. Most of them were used by 7 and 8 people and many of those passed from the north. Fishing is common around the cliff including sardines and anchovies.
More common visits around the cliff includes some animals. The bay forms the cliff along with the Ponta dos Rosais, it has a large sea rock known as the "Torrão de Açúcar", the name originates in fact, in the lower parts with more greenery. The cliff continues to become deserted along with fauna and flora ruined by humans.

</doc>
<doc id="19839339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839339" title="Flat Creek Ranch">
Flat Creek Ranch

Flat Creek Ranch was a private retreat in Jackson Hole, Wyoming, now a guest ranch. The original ranch was established by Cal Carrington between 1901 and 1918 at the base of Sheep Mountain, also known as the Sleeping Indian. In 1923 a new owner, socialite and journalist Cissy Patterson built the present structures. The transition from working ranch to vacation retreat foreshadowed a movement of the Jackson Hole economy away from traditional ranching to tourism, which is documented by the Flat Creek Ranch.
Carrington had worked at the Bar B C Dude Ranch from 1912 on, and established Flat Creek as a dude ranch. Patterson appeared in Jackson Hole 1916 as "Countess Gizycka", on the rebound from a failed marriage to a Polish count. The two toured Europe together in 1922. Through Cissy's influence with US Senator Francis E. Warren, Cal obtained a homestead patent on the ranch, then sold it to Cissy for $5000. In 1923 Cissy built seven cabins, a barn and a lodge on the property.
The property is presently owned by journalists Joseph Albright and Marcia Kunstel. Albright is the son of Cissy's niece Josephine Patterson Albright (daughter of Joseph Medill Patterson), who inherited the property at Cissy's death in 1948, and former husband of Madeleine Albright.

</doc>
<doc id="19839345" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839345" title="XHAMC-TV">
XHAMC-TV

XHAMC is the television call sign for the Televisa television station channel 34 in Ciudad Acuña, Coahuila, Mexico. The station is an affiliate of the Canal de las Estrellas network. It also broadcasts local programming and news.

</doc>
<doc id="19839356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839356" title="Troy Edwards (soccer)">
Troy Edwards (soccer)

Troy Edwards (born July 21, 1964 in Coral Gables, Florida) is a retired U.S. soccer defender who played professionally in several U.S. leagues including one season in Major League Soccer. He was a member of two college championship teams and one runner up and in 1989 scored the winning goal in the Fort Lauderdale Strikers national championship victory over the San Diego Nomads.
Player.
High school and college.
Edwards grew up in Miami, Florida. He played soccer at Miami Killian High School where he was an All-Dade County player. In 1982, he entered Miami-Dade Community College, playing on the men’s soccer team in 1982 and 1983. In 1983, the Miami-Dade won the National Junior College National Championship, defeating Forest Park Community College. He then transferred to Florida International University for the 1984 and 1985 seasons. In 1984, FIU won the NCAA Division II Championship over Seattle Pacific University and were runner ups in 1985.
Professional.
It appears he began his professional career in 1988 when he signed with the Miami Sharks of the newly established American Soccer League. That season, he was a first team All Star. The next season, he joined the Fort Lauderdale Strikers. That year, the Strikers won the ASL title, putting them in the first national championship game played since the demise of the North American Soccer League in 1984. The Strikers met the San Diego Nomads of the Western Soccer League, coming from behind to win 3-1 with Edwards scoring the winning Strikers goal. He played for the Strikers through the 1993 season. In addition to playing the summer outdoor season with the Strikers, Edwards played in 2 indoor winter seasons, 1991–1993, with the Rockford Thunder & Canton Invaders in the National Professional Soccer League.
In 1994, he played for the Carolina Vipers in the Continental Indoor Soccer League, then spent the 1995 season with the Myrtle Beach Boyz in the USISL where he was named Defender of the Year for the league. On February 6, 1996, the Colorado Rapids selected Edwards in the fifth round (forty-second overall) in the 1996 MLS Inaugural Player Draft. He played only four games for the Rapids, suffering a upper thigh injury and having groin surgery. He retired from playing professionally at the end of the season.
Coach.
In 1996, Edwards became an assistant coach at Barry University, a position he held until 2001. In that time Barry played in 3 NCAA tournaments finishing 2nd (runner up) in 2000. He also served as a physical education teacher and the athletic director of Holy Family Catholic School in North Miami, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="19839367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839367" title="A Place for Lovers">
A Place for Lovers

A Place for Lovers () is a 1968 romantic film directed by Vittorio De Sica and based on the play "Gli Amanti" by Brunello Rondi and Renaldo Cabieri. It stars Faye Dunaway as a terminally ill American fashion designer in Venice, Italy who has a whirlwind affair with a race car driver (played by Marcello Mastroianni). 
The film was released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and opened to negative reviews: Roger Ebert of the "Chicago Sun-Times" called it the "most godawful piece of pseudo-romantic slop I've ever seen!" and Charles Champlin of the "Los Angeles Times" referred to it as "the worst movie I have seen all year and possibly since 1926." Years later, "A Place for Lovers" was included as one of the choices in the book "The Fifty Worst Films of All Time". 
To date, the film has not been commercially released on DVD.
Ella Fitzgerald provided two songs, the title song and "Lonely is". The title song can be heard on the Verve release "".

</doc>
<doc id="19839371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839371" title="WordGenius">
WordGenius

WordGenius is a system for publishing dictionaries and reference books electronically, based on eComPress technology from Eurofield Information Systems. The Unabridged and College versions of the Random House Dictionary known as Random House Webster's Dictionary, and the Macquarie Dictionary of Australian English have been published using the technology, along with a thesaurus and spell checker for Microsoft Windows.
Features.
Search functionality.
WordGenius features a search engine which is different from other software based reference technologies. Common words can be searched and wild cards can be applied at the beginning or end of words. Puzzle enthusiasts use the ability to search on fragments such as '??agm??ts' to solve crossword puzzles and other word games. The search can be applied to the words or to the definitions, and so facilitates reverse lookups allowing Word Genius dictionaries to be used as a thesaurus.
File size.
WordGenius reference works remain compressed on disk, resulting in a small file size with a positive influence on retrieval speed.
Reviews.
Reviewers have commented on the speed and flexibility of searching and the small file size. Some criticism has been made of the fact that the application stays on screen over other applications and could get in the way. Some reviewers of dictionary software criticized the lack of synonyms and other language components.
Competitors.
Reference book publishing software.
These manufacturers offer their own unique approach to the electronic publication of reference works and so are complementary, rather than directly competitive, with WordGenius.
There are also a number of technology companies that support publishers with the development of electronic publications. These are not at all competitive with WordGenius, but may use similar tools to develop their publications. They include:

</doc>
<doc id="19839372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839372" title="Mark Molesley">
Mark Molesley

Mark Clifford Molesley (born 11 March 1981) is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder for Aldershot Town. He has played in the Football League for Bournemouth, Aldershot Town, Plymouth Argyle and Exeter City, and the Football Conference for Hayes, Cambridge City, Aldershot Town, Stevenage Borough and Grays Athletic.
Career.
Molesley started his career with Hayes, coming through their youth system. Spells with Cambridge City, Aldershot Town, Stevenage Borough and Grays Athletic before being transferred to Bournemouth.
He made his debut for Bournemouth, away to Shrewsbury Town, in the 4–1 defeat in the League Two on 18 October 2008.
Molesley signed for Exeter City on 18 January 2013. On 30 April 2013, he was released by Exeter due to the expiry of his contract.
Personal life.
Molesley married his partner, Charlene, in 2009. He lives in Bournemouth, having previously resided in Rickmansworth.

</doc>
<doc id="19839383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839383" title="Bruce Roth">
Bruce Roth

Bruce D. Roth (b. Jun 1954) is an American chemist who invented atorvastatin, better known as Lipitor, which has become the largest-selling drug in pharmaceutical history.
Roth received his bachelor’s degree from St. Joseph’s College, Philadelphia, in 1976. He then went to Iowa State University as a doctoral student under George Kraus. After receiving his Ph.D. in organic chemistry from Iowa State University in 1981, he spent a year as a Postdoctoral Fellow at the University of Rochester, then joined Parke-Davis of Warner-Lambert Company as a Medicinal Chemist in 1982. He was promoted to Senior Scientist in 1984, Research Associate in 1986, Senior Research Associate in 1988, Section Director in 1990, Director of Atherosclerosis and Exploratory Chemistry in 1992, and Senior Director of Atherosclerosis, Inflammation and Exploratory Chemistry in 1993. He was appointed Vice President of Chemistry just prior to the merger between Warner-Lambert and Pfizer in 2000 and remained in that role as a part of Pfizer Global Research and Development in Ann Arbor, Michigan until 2007 when he joined Genentech in San Francisco, California as Senior Director of Discovery Chemistry.
Roth first synthesized atorvastatin in 1985. For the discovery, he received the 1997 Warner-Lambert Chairman's Distinguished Scientific Achievement Award, the 1999 Inventor of the Year Award from the New York Intellectual Property Law Association, the 2003 American Chemical Society Award for Creative Invention, the 2003 Gustavus John Esselen Award for Chemistry in the Public Service, the 2005 Iowa State University Distinguished Alumni Award, and the 2006 Pfizer Global Research and Development Achievement Award.
Roth was named a 2008 Hero of Chemistry by the American Chemical Society (ACS).
In addition to his discovery of atorvastatin, Roth is the inventor or co-inventor of 42 patents and the author or co-author of 48 manuscripts, 35 published abstracts and eight book chapters. He also served as an adjunct professor in the Department of Medicinal Chemistry at the University of Michigan. 
He and his wife, Michelle, have four children: David, Sarah, Rebecca and Aaron. David Roth was married on July 31, 2010, to Alyssa Roth, formerly Alyssa Dipzinski. 

</doc>
<doc id="19839391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839391" title="List of Milwaukee Brewers Opening Day starting pitchers">
List of Milwaukee Brewers Opening Day starting pitchers

The Milwaukee Brewers are a Major League Baseball (MLB) team based in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. They play in the National League Central division. The first game of the new baseball season for a team is played on Opening Day, and being named the Opening Day starter is an honor, which is often given to the player who is expected to lead the pitching staff that season, though there are various strategic reasons why a team's best pitcher might not start on Opening Day. The Brewers played their inaugural season in 1969 as the Seattle Pilots, playing home games at Sick's Stadium. The team moved to Milwaukee in 1970, and played their home games at Milwaukee County Stadium until 2000. The team's current home, Miller Park, has been the Brewers' home field since the start of the 2001 season. The Pilots/Brewers played their first 29 seasons in the American League, and switched leagues at the start of the 1998 season.
The Brewers have used 27 different Opening Day starting pitchers in their 43 seasons. The 26 starters have a combined Opening Day record of 14 wins, 15 losses and 14 no decisions. No decisions are only awarded to the starting pitcher if the game is won or lost after the starting pitcher has left the game or if the starting pitcher pitches fewer than five innings. Of the 14 no decisions, the Brewers went on to win seven and lose six of those games (one ended in a tie), for a team record on Opening Day of 21–18.
The Pilots' first Opening Day starting pitcher was Marty Pattin, who received the win in a 4–3 victory against the California Angels. After the team's move to Milwaukee in 1970, Lew Krausse Jr. was charged with the loss in a game at Milwaukee County Stadium vs. the Angels. Ben Sheets holds the club record for most Opening Day starts with six, from 2002 through 2005 and again in both 2007 and 2008. Sheets has a 3–0 record as a starter on Opening Day, the franchise's best record. Marty Pattin and Mike Caldwell also have perfect records; both won each of their two starts. The Brewers' 15 Opening Day losses by starters are distributed among 15 different pitchers, each having lost one game.
Steve Woodard received an unusual no-decision in 2000, when the team's Opening Day game against the Cincinnati Reds was called in the sixth inning due to rain, with the score tied at 3. This was the first Opening Day tie game since 1965.
The Brewers advanced to the playoffs in 1981, 1982 and 2008. The franchise's first playoff experience was in the strike-shortened season. In a special format created for that season, the Brewers were the second-half champion and lost the AL Division Series to the first-half champion, the New York Yankees, in five games. Mike Caldwell had started and won on Opening Day that season, but the team's playoff opener had Moose Haas start and lose a 5–3 game to the Yankees. The Brewers' lost the 1982 World Series to the St. Louis Cardinals in seven games; Pete Vuckovich was the Opening Day starter and winner that season and Mike Caldwell was the starting pitcher in the team's first World Series appearance, a 10–0 win. In the 2008 season, Ben Sheets was the Opening Starter in a no-decision; Yovani Gallardo started and lost the first game of the 2008 National League Division Series, which was won by the Philadelphia Phillies in four games.
Overall, the Brewers' Opening Day starting pitchers have a record of 3 wins and 2 losses at Milwaukee County Stadium and 1 win and 1 loss at Miller Park. The Brewers' Opening Day starting pitchers' combined home record is 4 wins and 3 losses, and their away record is 10 wins and 12 losses.
Pitchers.
Opening Day starting pitchers are listed in descending order by the number of Opening Day starts for the Pilots/Brewers.

</doc>
<doc id="19839392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839392" title="Native currant">
Native currant

Native currant is an Australian name for certain plants, which have smallish currant-like fruit:

</doc>
<doc id="19839394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839394" title="1953 LSU Tigers football team">
1953 LSU Tigers football team

The 1953 LSU Tigers football team represented Louisiana State University during the 1953 college football season. Under head coach Gaynell Tinsley, the Tigers had a record of 5–3–3 with an SEC record of 2–3–3.

</doc>
<doc id="19839396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839396" title="The Bee Game">
The Bee Game

The Bee Game is an adventure video game released for Nintendo DS and Game Boy Advance in North America on October 15, 2007 and November 5, 2007, respectively. The game lets players experience the adventures of Maya the Bee and her friend Willie as they search for their friends, lost from a strong storm that has blown through Corn Poppy Meadow.

</doc>
<doc id="19839422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839422" title="2008 Monterey Sports Car Championships">
2008 Monterey Sports Car Championships

The 2008 Monterey Sports Car Championships presented by Patrón was the eleventh and final round of the 2008 American Le Mans Series season. It took place at Mazda Raceway Laguna Seca, California on 18 October, 2008. It was the first time the event had a sponsor in its name since the 2004 season.
Report.
Qualifying.
The LMP2 category dominated qualifying, led by the four Acura teams who were able to qualify in the top five positions, led by David Brabham in the Highcroft Racing Acura on pole position. The Acura squads were broken up only by the #7 Penske Porsche which qualified third. In LMP1, the #1 Audi led that class but was only ninth overall in the standings. Among the Corvette teams, the #3 car once again earned pole over its teammate, while GT2 was led by Farnbacher-Loles' Porsche. Tafel Racing meanwhile led among Ferrari squads in third place within the class.
Qualifying result.
Pole position winners in each class are marked in bold.
Race.
The final round of the ALMS season was slowed by a total of twelve caution periods over the four hour race distance, including four within the first hour alone. This allowed for a variety of pit strategies to come into place as teams chose to make their first pit stops during different caution periods. The Acura teams led early, but Audi was eventually able to take the overall lead, eventually completing the race first and second, led by the #2 car of Marco Werner and Lucas Luhr. In LMP2, Acura's also finished first and second, but the #7 Penske Porsche's finish of third was able to secure Porsche the Manufacturers Championship within the class by a single point.
In GT1, the #4 Corvette of Olivier Beretta and Oliver Gavin earned their third win of the season over their teammates, while the #71 Tafel Racing Ferrari secured its fourth victory in GT2 in 2008. The Risi Competizione Ferrari and Farnbacher-Loles Porsche completed the GT2 podium, while the PTG Panoz had a strong fourth place finish a lap behind.
Race result.
Class winners in bold. Cars failing to complete 70% of winner's distance marked as Not Classified (NC).

</doc>
<doc id="19839484" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839484" title="Winzen Research">
Winzen Research

Winzen Research Inc created balloons in the 1950s and 1960s that were used by the United States Navy in its Projects Helios, Skyhook, and Strato-Lab. Balloons were also sold to the United States Air Force for use in Project Manhigh and for a secret reconnaissance mission, called Moby Dick, to overfly the Soviet Union.
Otto C. Winzen developed the use of polyethylene resine for plastic balloons. Polyethylene balloons vastly reduced the weight in comparison with previously used rubber materials. Polyethylene was light, relatively cheap, and unaffected by ultraviolet radiation. Winzen refined the manufacturing techniques to reduce the plastics used in the balloons to less than the thickness of a human hair[http://www.centennialofflight.gov/essay/Dictionary/Winzen/DI67.htm]
The company was created by Otto Winzen and his wife Vera Habrecht. Vera, eventually an accomplished balloonist herself, borrowed money from her parents to help start Winzen Research. She held over two-thirds ownership of the company and became its vice president. Vera supervised and trained her "balloon girls" to handle polyethylene and build the giant balloons.[http://www.centennialofflight.gov/essay/Lighter_than_air/Da_Vinci/LTA19.htm]
Winzen Research also designed and built gondolas. The company supplied both the balloon and gondola that were used for the 1961 Strato-Lab V flight that set current altitude record for manned balloon flights. The balloon was constructed of polyethylene plastic measuring only thick. At , the balloon envelope was the largest that had ever been successfully launched, expanding to in diameter when fully inflated. Beneath the balloon hung a large parachute and then the gondola. Winzen Research designed a unique gondola for the flight. To control temperature, the gondola was protected by special venetian blinds, but otherwise open to space. The venetian blinds had light and dark sides. The light side could be turned outwards to cool the cabin while the dark side could be turned outward to warm the cabin. Balloon, parachute, gondola, and a trailing antenna made a craft close to tall.

</doc>
<doc id="19839547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839547" title="S.C. Damash">
S.C. Damash

Sports Club Damash () is an Iranian football club based in Rasht, Gilan. They compete in the Iran Pro League.
Damash used to have a Volleyball team Damash Gilan VC.
History.
In October 2008 Arya Investment Company owned by Amir Mansour Arya bought Pegah F.C. sports activities due to financial problems and Damash Iranian chairman Amir Abedini took over their license. After poor result at the beginning of the 2008-2009 season Hossein Abdi and Stanko Poklepović were replaced with Bijan Zolfagharnasab, but that did not help neither and Damash was relegated to Azadegan League.
The club lost many key players to Pro league teams including Afshin Chavoshi, Mohammad Reza Mahdavi, Adriano Alves. for 2009–10 season Amir Abedini hired Firouz Karimi who was banned to work in Pro league for one season and brought many players that were working with him in the past to the club. In following season Damash made it to the promotion playoffs but they were eliminated in the playoff game against Sanat Naft and missed out on promotion.
For 2010-2011 season damash signed with former key players Afshin Chavoshi & Mohammadreza Mahdavi and also a Slovenian coach Marijan Pušnik but after only 4 weeks and getting poor result with team he was replaced by his assistant and former Pegah Gilan capitan Afshin Nazemi. Despite getting good result with team Nazemi once again was replaced by Mehdi Dinvarzadeh. On April 22, 2011 Damash was able to secure its promotion to IPL 2 weeks before end of the season.
Seasons.
"For details on seasons, see List of S.C. Damash seasons"
First-team squad.
As of November 7, 2013
"For recent transfers, see "List of Iranian football transfers winter 2013–14".
Records.
Top appearances.
Last updated: February 24, 2014.<br>
Bolded players are currently on the Damash squad.

</doc>
<doc id="19839563" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839563" title="Fajã de Fernando Afonso">
Fajã de Fernando Afonso

Fajã de Fernando Afonso is a cliff located in the parish of Rosais, municipality of Velas in the north coast of the island of São Jorge. Located between Fajã Amaro da Cunha and Fajã Mata Sete. The area is part of Parque das Sete Fontes and also near Miradouro da Fajã de Fernando Afonso. 
About two house with inhabitants live during the cultivation season during fall, winter and spring. It features winery, vegetables, potatoes and others. Winery is lagered mainly in those houses.
During the 1980 earthquake that happened on January 1, 1980 and made a large problems of the cliff. Farmers were endangered, its fields are now no longer in use, now around the cliff features winery that is used for making wines in large quantities.
The next land tremor destroyed the only fountain that had on the cliff and every year with large abundance of pure freshest water.
Today the waters around the cliff are used for fishing, fished by the greatest fishers and rich in fishes. Also around the cliff are fauna and flora.

</doc>
<doc id="19839575" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839575" title="Isuien Garden">
Isuien Garden

History.
The site of the western garden originally formed part of Manishu-in, a minor temple which was part of the larger temple of Kofuku-ji. The ground was bought in the 1670, during the Enpō era by Kiyosumi Michikiyo, a wealthy tanner. He restructured the gardens between 1673 and 1681 and built two houses: the Sanshu-tei and Tei-shu-Ken, as the family home. These were built with thatched roofs. The name Sanshu-tei (“house of the three wonders”) was given by Mokuan, the large priest of the Manpuku-ji temple of the school Zen Oubaku with Uji.
The larger eastern garden dates from 1899 and was designed by Seki Tojiro, a Nara businessman. Tojiro hired for the redesign Horitoku, a garden architect from the school of Urasenke. 
In 1939, the two gardens were bought and combined by Jyunsaku Nakamura, a merchant of Nara, in order to provide a site for the attached Neiraku museum (寧楽美術館), which hosts a collection of traditional Japanese ceramics.
Layout.
The gardens cover roughly .
In the central pond of the gardens, there are two islands with sculptures of a crane and tortoise. These are animals which in Japanese culture represent longevity. 
The house of the Hyoshin-tei, along with the west pool, were designed by Kimura Seibei, another garden architect from Urasenke. It allows access of the house by using a technique called "shakkei", or "borrowed landcape." The composition of the landscape incorporates the roof of the large southern door (Nandaimon) of the temple Tōdai-ji, as well as the three higher hills overhanging Nara: the mounts Wakakusa, Kasuga, and Mikasa. It is framed by the trees of the Himuro sanctuary in the south, and the Tōdai-ji temple in the north. These make the space between the garden and background seem to disappear, producing a continuity which makes the landscape blend in visual harmony. This harmony is reinforced by the absence of any artificial enclosure.
The shape of the pond represents the shape of the kanji 水 character for "mizu" (“water”). A central island is connected to the bank by a series of stepping stones, which were formerly used to grind the pigments used in dyeing. The garden also contains decorative stones, which were popular during the Meiji era. The water is fed by the Yosiki river, which flows adjacent to the garden.

</doc>
<doc id="19839576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839576" title="Bella Sara (video game)">
Bella Sara (video game)

Bella Sara is a life-simulation and puzzle video game released for Nintendo DS and Microsoft Windows in North America and the PAL region in October 2008. The game is based on the trading card and website for girls Bella Sara. It will immerse the player in a world filled with fantasy horses, with the ability to ride, care for, accessorize and trade those horses with friends over Wi-Fi. In addition, players will be able to discover secret items, exclusive cards and codes to activate on the official website.

</doc>
<doc id="19839590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839590" title="Good Sunday">
Good Sunday

Good Sunday () is a South Korean reality-variety show shown on the SBS network, which competes directly against MBC's "Sunday Night" and KBS2's "Happy Sunday" line-up. The program has suffered from the competition of "Happy Sunday" and "Sunday Night" but reached its way to #1 on the Top 20 Charts every Sunday. "Good Sunday" consists of a line-up of "corner programs", or segments, which air within the program. Currently, "K-pop Star 3" airs first at 4:55 pm KST for about 75 minutes, and "Running Man" airs after at 6:10 pm for about 90 minutes.
History.
Prior to "Good Sunday", "Ultra Sunday Hurray!" (초특급 일요일만세) began airing on March 18, 2001. Beginning on January 20, 2002 "Show! Sunday World" (쇼!일요천하) aired, and on July 14, 2002 "Beautiful Sunday" (뷰티풀 선데이) aired until March 28, 2004, where "Good Sunday" began to air its new, popular programming. As of July 11, 2010, the program began airing in high definition for the first time. (Only Part 1, "Running Man", aired in HD as Part 2, "Family Outing 2", which still aired in SD, was airing its last episode.) As of July 18, 2010, both Part 1 and 2 ("Running Man" and "Heroes") air in HD. "Good Sunday" was divided into two parts, from July 27, 2008 to May 8, 2011. On May 22, 2011, it returned to airing as one "whole" program beginning at 5:20 pm KST and ending at 8:00 pm for about 160 minutes. As of September 25, 2011, "Good Sunday" is divided into two parts again, Part 1 airing at 5:20 pm and Part 2 airing at 6:50 pm KST, in an effort to boost ratings. On December 4, 2011, it returned to airing as one whole program again beginning at 5:00 pm for about 180 minutes.
Current Segments.
K-pop Star 3.
"Survival Audition K-pop Star 3" (Korean: 서바이벌 오디션 K팝스타 3) is the third season of audition program "K-pop Star", with returning judges Park Jin-young and Yang Hyun-suk, and new judge You Hee-yeol. The program returns for a new season on November 24, 2013, replacing "Barefooted Friends".
Running Man.
"Running Man" (Korean: 런닝맨), first broadcast on July 11, 2010, is currently the longest-running program on "Good Sunday" surpassing "X-man" on February 3, 2013 with 131 episodes. It has garnered attention as being the come-back program for Yoo Jae-suk after leaving "Good Sunday"'s "Family Outing" in February 2010. This show is classified as a game-variety show, where the MCs and guests complete missions in a landmark to win a race.
Former Segments.
Barefooted Friends.
"Barefooted Friends" (Korean: 맨발의 친구들) is a real variety program featuring Kang Ho-dong, who is returning to "Good Sunday" after leaving "X-Man" in April 2007. The members travel to foreign countries to experience "real happiness" with locals. The program first broadcast on April 21, 2013, replacing "K-pop Star 2".
K-pop Star 2.
"Survival Audition K-pop Star 2" (Korean: 서바이벌 오디션 K팝스타 2) is the second season of audition program "K-pop Star", with returning judges, BoA, Park Jin-young, and Yang Hyun-suk. The program returned for a new season on November 18, 2012, replacing "Law of the Jungle 2". The program was renewed for a third season with the same judges, scheduled to air in October 2013 possibly in a new timeslot.
Kim Byung-man's Law of the Jungle 2.
"Kim Byung-man's Law of the Jungle 2" (Korean: 김병만의 정글의 법칙 시즌2) is a reality-documentary program featuring comedian Kim Byung-man and his tribe as they explore and survive in nature. With locations being in Vanuatu, Siberia in Russia, and Madagascar. This is the second season of "Kim Byung-man's Law of the Jungle", which was a ratings success in its Friday night time slot in the latter half of 2011. The program began to air on May 6, 2012, replacing "K-pop Star"., but its last episode was reverted to Friday at 10:00 pm, to make way for "K-pop Star 2", where its next season has aired in that time slot ever since.
K-pop Star.
"Survival Audition K-pop Star" (Korean: 서바이벌 오디션 K팝스타) is an audition program featuring the "Big 3" entertainment companies (SM, YG, and JYP). People around the world audition to become the next "K-pop Star", who will be judged by a representative of each company (BoA, Park Jin-young, and Yang Hyun-suk). The winner will have a choice of which company to sign with, and many prizes including three hundred million won. The first season began to air on December 4, 2011, replacing "BIGsTORY". The program was renewed for a second season with the same judges and an upgraded format, and aired from November 2012 to April 2013.
BIGsTORY.
"Diet Survival BIGsTORY" (Korean: 다이어트 서바이벌 빅토리) is a new survival program featuring "Diet King", Sean Lee. Twenty obese people will go through intense training and diets to "change your body, change your life". The winner will receive one hundred million won, a car, and many fabulous prizes. The title "BIGsTORY" which sounds like "victory" in Korean, means the "big" "story" these people have come from and will make, and the "victory" they will achieve. The program began to air on August 28, 2011, replacing "Kim Yu-na's Kiss & Cry".
Kim Yu-na's Kiss & Cry.
"Kim Yu-na's Kiss & Cry" (Korean: 김연아의 키스 앤 크라이) is a survival audition program featuring champion figure skater, Kim Yu-na. Ten celebrities and ten professional skaters will form couples and challenge each other in figure skating to become the winning team, who will be performing with Kim Yu-na at a special ice show in August. The program is scheduled to air on May 22, 2011, replacing "Heroes". The program was scheduled to return for a second season in April 2012 in a different time slot, but has been postponed due to Kim Yu-na's busy schedule.
Heroes.
"Heroes" (Korean: 영웅호걸; Hanja: 英雄豪傑) is a girl-group variety show that first aired on July 18, 2010, replacing "Gold Miss is Coming". It is classified as a "popularity search variety", where the female celebrities compete to find out which of them is more popular among citizens. The show ended on May 1, 2011 due to low ratings and has been replaced by "Kiss & Cry".
Family Outing 2.
"Family Outing Season 2" (Korean: 패밀리가 떴다 2) (literally "Family's Here 2") was the second season of "Family Outing". It featured a different concept, cast, and production team, but ended due to low ratings.
Gold Miss is Coming.
"Gold Miss is Coming" (Korean: 골드미스가 간다) (also known as "Gold Miss Diaries") is a reality show where 6 "Gold Misses" are on a mission to find a husband. They will live with each other for 2 days in the "Gold House" and through games, whoever that wins will have an opportunity to date someone.
ggn
Family Outing.
"Family Outing" (Korean: 패밀리가 떴다) (literally "Family's Here") was first broadcast on June 15, 2008, it has yet since become the top rated program on Sunday. The second season began on February 21, 2010. "Family Outing" is a reality show, where the "Family," consisting of Korean celebrities and entertainers. goes to an elderlys home in the countrysides of South Korea and takes care of the home while the elderly family goes on a vacation. During their stay, the "Family" takes on tasks assigned by the elderly family. During the tasks, the Family will play games related to the surroundings. They will also cook dinner and breakfast for themselves during their stay. A "Popular Vote" game was played before they go to bed, as to where the members of the family will sleep but is seen not doing it anymore. At the end of their stay, the elderly family will return to the home and be greeted by the Family as they will move on to their next destination.
Change.
"Change" (Korean: 체인지) is a program where celebrities are given a "new face", and are sent to live through a day as a different person.
Find Mr. Kim.
"Find Mr. Kim" (Korean: 김서방을 찾아라) is a program about delivering packages to people around the world.
Meet the In-Laws.
"Meet the In-Laws" (Korean: 사돈 처음 뵙겠습니다) is a program about foreign brides meeting their in-laws and family members for the first time.
Mission Impossible.
"Mission Impossible" (Korean: 기적의 승부사/기승史) (also known as "Miraculous Victory and Defeat") is a program where two teams, one team of celebrities and one team of announcers, complete tasks with 10 chances to succeed. Due to poor ratings, it was changed to "기승史", a historical costume program, with a concept of two teams competing for fun.
Explorers of the Human Body.
"Explorers of the Human Body" (Korean: 인체탐험대) features Super Junior, as they investigate parts of the human body. Due to Super Junior's busy schedule, the show was canceled after a plan to air a second season. "Explorers of the Human Body" was one of the highest rating shows to appear in the line-up due to comical and educational content.
Good Sunday Old TV.
"Old TV" (Korean: 일요일이 좋다 옛날 TV) features celebrities from the past and shows how television was broadcast back in their days. This program was the last of the short lived stand-alone 70 mins "Good Sunday".
Good Sunday Haja! Go.
"Haja! GO" (Korean: 일요일이 좋다 하자!GO) (literally "Do It! GO") featured guests playing gag games.) Calling itself the first gag variety, the show was accused of plagiarizing a program on Fuji TV and was cancelled. This program was one of the short lived stand-alone 70 mins "Good Sunday".
New X-man Good Sunday.
"New X-man" (Korean: X맨 일요일이 좋다) was a revamped version of "X-man", where the X-man was decided by a survey by other celebrities on a certain topic, the team with X-man in the end would lose. This program was one of the short lived stand-alone 70 mins "Good Sunday".
Bungee Song King/S-MATCH.
"Bungee Song King" and "S-MATCH"(Korean: 번지 노래왕/에스-메치) were two special programs that filled in "Roundly Roundly"'s absence.
Roundly Roundly.
"Roundly Roundly" (Korean: 둥글게 둥글게) is a program where the hosts and guests need to think like a child and understand them more.
X-man.
"X-man" (Korean: X맨) is one of Korea's most famous variety shows. Various celebrities collaborate into two teams and duel out against each other. The main object was to find the "X-man"; a randomly picked celebrity who purposely tried to sabotage his/her teammates' chances of winning.
Reverse Drama.
"Reverse Drama" (Korean: 대결! 반전드라마/반전극장) (also known as "Banjun Drama") features two mini-dramas that have "reverse" endings. The ending are generally surprising and would not be expected by the viewers. The two mini-dramas compete by votes cast on the main site.
Yoo Jae-suk and Fullness of the Heart.
"Yoo Jae-suk and Fullness of the Heart" (Korean: 유재석과 감개무량) was the predecessor of "Infinite Challenge".
Medical Non-Fiction! Last Warning.
"Medical Non-Fiction! Last Warning" (Korean: 메디컬 논픽션! 최종경고) was an informational program where celebrities would reenact symptoms to inform viewers of illnesses.
Star Olympiad.
"Star Olympiad" (Korean: 스타 올림피아드) was a program where teams of celebrities would compete in events.
Healthy Men and Women.
"Healthy Men and Women" (Korean: 건강남녀) was classified as a "love fantasy show", where the MCs and guests would fight for each other's love through comical acts.
Waving the Korean Flag.
"Waving the Korean Flag" (Korean: 태극기 휘날리며) was a program featuring South Korea's famous athletes.
Shin Dong-yeop's Love's Commissioned Mother.
"Shin Dong-yeop's Love's Commissioned Mother" (Korean: 신동엽의 사랑의 위탁모) was a program where female celebrities would "adopt" child(ren) and raise them over a week. It is the predecessor to "Our Children Have Changed".

</doc>
<doc id="19839685" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839685" title="Battle of West Henan–North Hubei Order of battle">
Battle of West Henan–North Hubei Order of battle

Western Honan - N. Hupei Border Campaign (Late March -Late May 1945)
Japan.
Northern Hupei Command - Sinnosuke Sasaki
Western Honan Command (12th Army) - Lieutenant General Takashi Takamori
China.
1st War Area - Hu Tsun-nan (acting)
5th War Area - Liu Chih 
Note: A total of 148,000 men and 4 Airforce groups.

</doc>
<doc id="19839697" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839697" title="Best of Tests DS">
Best of Tests DS

Bests of Tests DS is an educational video game released for Nintendo DS in North America on March 4, 2008. The game intends to present testsand puzzles that will help stimulate one's Intelligent Quotient or "IQ" through five categories: logic, observation, memory, speed of perception and analysis. The game contains three gaming modes: Training, Memory and Tests. "Best of Tests DS" calculates the player's IQ and adapts the difficulty level in order to provide a personalized challenge that is always renewed and updated.

</doc>
<doc id="19839722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839722" title="Achargaon">
Achargaon

Achargaon is a union of Nandail, Mymensingh. It is located on the bank on Narasundhar river on area about . Almost 25,000 people are living here. 

</doc>
<doc id="19839725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839725" title="NE 1">
NE 1

NE1 or NE-1 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19839753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839753" title="State Scholarship (UK)">
State Scholarship (UK)

A State Scholarship was a financial scholarship award for university entrants based on Scholarship Level exam results. Although the award was based on exam performance, the amount received was means-tested.
History.
Founded in 1920, they were replaced after the 1962 awards by student grants.

</doc>
<doc id="19839759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839759" title="USS Wachusett (ID-1840)">
USS Wachusett (ID-1840)

The second USS "Wachusett" (ID-1840) was a cargo ship that served in the United States Navy from 1918 to 1919.
"Wachusett" was built as the freighter SS "Ceres" in 1896 by Blohm & Voss at Hamburg, Germany. She was renamed "Suevia" in 1898. Upon the outbreak of World War I in 1914, she was interned by the United States at Manila on Luzon in the Philippines.
"Suevia" was seized from the Hamburg-America Line in April 1917 at Manila by U.S. Customs Service officials for the United States Shipping Board after the United States entered World War I. Renamed SS "Wachusett" and assigned identification number (Id. No.) 1840, she initially was operated by the Shipping Board, then was turned over to the U.S. Department of War sometime between 22 December 1917 The U.S. Navy provided her crew and agreed to commission her as soon as possible. The Navy took over SS "Wachusett" on 6 January 1918 and commissioned her at Hoboken, New Jersey, as USS "Wachusett" (ID-1840) on 9 January 1918 with Lieutenant Commander Roy W. Look, USNRF, in command.
Assigned to the Naval Overseas Transportation Service (NOTS) as an United States Army account, she was fitted out for naval service as a cargo ship. She put to sea on 19 January 1918, laden with a cargo of general U.S. Army supplies bound for Brest, France. On 23 January 1918 urgent need for repairs to her radio and engine forced her out of her convoy and into port at Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada. She completed those repairs on 9 February 1918 and resumed her transatlantic voyage that same day. Her convoy arrived in Brest on 24 February 1918, and "Wachusett" discharged her cargo. On 18 March 1918, she set out on the return voyage and arrived in New York City on 1 April 1918.
Following a brief repair period, the ship loaded another Army cargo and departed New York, bound for Norfolk, Virginia, and refueling. She steamed out of Hampton Roads, Virginia, on 16 April 1918 and headed across the Atlantic in company with another convoy. She arrived at Le Havre, France, on 7 May 1918, discharged her cargo, and completed her turnaround on 19 May 1918 by putting to sea with a New York-bound convoy.
"Wachusett" entered New York Harbor on 4 June 1918 and simultaneously began repairs and cargo loading. On 15 June 1918, she stood out of New York, bound southward to Norfolk where she coaled ship on 15 June 1918 before her departure on 16 June 1918 for England. Her convoy entered port at Southampton, England, on 10 July 1918, and she unloaded her 4,300 tons of supplies before heading for the United States on 20 July 1918.
Back in New York on 8 August 1918, she underwent voyage repairs while also loading cargo. Again, she steamed south to Norfolk to coal ship and join an eastbound convoy. She sailed from Norfolk on 21 August 1918 and pulled into Brest on 11 September 1918. "Wachusett" left Brest on 21 September 1918 after a six-day delay during which she awaited the formation of a homeward-bound convoy. She returned to New York on 15 October 1918, underwent the usual minor repairs, and loaded cargo for her last wartime Atlantic crossing. She stood out of New York on 24 October 1918 in convoy for Brest, where she arrived on 8 November 1918. Three days later, on 11 November 1918, the armistice ended hostilities. "Wachusett" remained in France for ten more days and then headed back to the United States on 21 November 1918, for the first time unmenaced by the danger of German submarines.
The end of the war, however, did not signal an end to the Navy career of "Wachusett". The Navy shifted her from an Army to a United States Shipping Board account in December 1918. After her arrival in New York on 12 December 1918, she loaded 4,445 tons of supplies and, on 22 January 1919, headed back across the Atlantic. She entered port at St. Nazaire, France, on 7 February 1919 and, after discharging her cargo, loaded ordnance material for return to the United States. Departing the French coast on 20 February 1919, she made a brief stop in the Azores en route New York. Diverted from New York, she arrived in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, instead on 14 March 1919.
"Wachusett" loaded a partial cargo at Philadelphia and then moved to New York, where she filled out her cargo and topped off her coal bunkers. On 10 April 1919, she left New York with a cargo consigned to the Northern Food Relief bound for Gibraltar, where she was to await further orders. There she received orders to steam to Singapore. She reached Singapore on 27 April 1919 and unloaded her cargo there in late May. "Wachusett" departed Singapore on 5 June 1919 for Java in the Netherlands East Indies. She visited the Javanese cities of Weltevreden in June and Batavia at the beginning of July. On 12 July 1919, she headed back to Singapore, and departed Singapore on 22 July 1919. Steaming via the Suez Canal and the Mediterranean Sea, "Wachusett" refueled in the Azores on 8 September 1919 and arrived in New York on the 21 September 1919.
Following voyage repairs, "Wachusett" was decommissioned on 6 October 1919 and was returned to the United States Shipping Board that same day. She was retained by the Shipping Board in mercantile service until late in 1923 or early in 1924, and scrapped in Baltimore, Maryland, in 1924

</doc>
<doc id="19839761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839761" title="James Francis Carney">
James Francis Carney

James Francis Carney (June 28, 1915 – September 16, 1990) was a Canadian archbishop of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as the eighth Archbishop of Vancouver, British Columbia, from 1964 until his death in 1990. He was the first Archbishop of Vancouver born in the city of Vancouver.
Early life.
Carney was born on June 28, 1915, in what was then considered the "southern part" of Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. He had two brothers—John and Bernard—and one sister, Josephine, who became a nun and is Carney's last surviving sibling.
Ordination and priestly life.
On March 21, 1942, James Carney was ordained a priest by Archbishop William Mark Duke in Vancouver. He first worked at the Holy Rosary Cathedral as an assistant pastor from 1942 to 1950. In addition to assisting at the cathedral, Carney also served as editor of "The B.C. Catholic" newspaper and chancellor of the archdiocese.
In 1950, Carney was transferred to St. Patrick's Church, where he worked for four years. Subsequently, he was chosen as assistant pastor to Corpus Christi and shortly afterwards, he became the pastor of the parish. In 1964, Carney was appointed as the Archdiocese's vicar general. As a result, he was allowed to use the title "Monsignor". After two years, he was ordained as auxiliary bishop of Vancouver on February 11, 1986, by Cardinal Sergio Pignedoli, with then-Archbishop of Vancouver Martin Michael Johnson and Michael O’Neill of Regina acting as the co-consecrators.
Archbishop of Vancouver.
After Archbishop Johnson resigned in 1969, Carney was chosen to succeed him and was installed as Archbishop of Vancouver on February 11, 1969. By assuming the position, Carney became the first Archbishop of Vancouver to have been born in Vancouver.
According to "The Vancouver Sun", Carney ruled during what was described as "the most tumultuous years" endured by the archdiocese. With the Second Vatican Council having just been completed, many Catholics in Vancouver who saw the council as a call for "revolution" viewed Carney as an ultra-conservative. This is in light of the fact that Carney gave his full support to Pope Paul VI's controversial encyclical "Humanae Vitae". Furthermore, he declined to accept money from the United Way of Canada, as they were also funding pro-choice groups. As a result of his socially conservative stances, there were many deep divisions from within the archdiocese throughout Carney's tenure. Though he was known for his tall, imposing and yet shy demeanour, Carney was involved in controversy and labelled "anti-union" when he ordered a Catholic school to close after its teachers had joined a labour union.
Under Carney's episcopacy, several key institutions in the archdiocese were created. In 1980, he asked the Sisters of Charity of the Immaculate Conception to create an archive office for the archdiocese. Six years later, Carney helped organize the Catholic Charities Justice Services in order to help those who are imprisoned. Known for his steadfast support of priestly vocations, Carney was chosen by Pope Paul VI to be a member of the Congregation for the Clergy in 1986.
Death.
Carney developed cancer in 1989 and subsequently submitted his resignation in June of the following year in accordance with church policy, having reached the mandatory retirement age of 75. However, it had not been accepted at the time he died. Instead, he was invited to attend the Synod of Bishops, being the only Canadian cleric invited to the meeting held in late September 1990. He turned down the offer because of his frail health. On September 16, 1990, Carney died after suffering from cancer for fourteen months. He is buried inside the Resurrection Mausoleum at the Gardens of Gethsemani cemetery in Surrey, British Columbia.
Legacy.
The Archbishop Carney Regional Secondary School, located in Coquitlam, British Columbia, was built and named in his honour. Carney also mandated that St. Paul's Hospital open its doors without hesitation to people with AIDS, even as other hospitals turned them away.

</doc>
<doc id="19839771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839771" title="Edyta Górniak discography">
Edyta Górniak discography

This is a listing of releases by Edyta Górniak (known professionally also as Edyta), a Polish pop singer.

</doc>
<doc id="19839784" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839784" title="John Cridland Latham">
John Cridland Latham

John Cridland Latham (March 3, 1888 – November 5, 1975) was a United States Army soldier who received the U.S. military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor, for his actions in World War I.
Born on March 3, 1888, in Windemere, England, Latham immigrated to the United States and joined the Army from Rutherford, New Jersey. By September 29, 1918, he was serving as a sergeant in Machine Gun Company, 107th Infantry Regiment, 27th Division. On that day, near Le Catelet in northeastern France, he and two other soldiers, Sergeant Alan L. Eggers and Corporal Thomas E. O'Shea, left cover to rescue the crew of a disabled American tank. O'Shea was killed in the process, but Latham and Eggers successfully defended the wounded tank crewmen from German fire all day and carried them to the safety of the Allied lines after nightfall. For this action, all three soldiers were awarded the Medal of Honor the next year.
Medal of Honor citation.
Latham's official Medal of Honor citation reads:
Becoming separated from their platoon by a smoke barrage, Sgt. Latham, Sgt. Alan L. Eggers, and Cpl. Thomas E. O'Shea took cover in a shellhole well within the enemy's lines. Upon hearing a call for help from an American tank which had become disabled 30 yards from them, the 3 soldiers left their shelter and started toward the tank under heavy fire from German machineguns and trench mortars. In crossing the fire-swept area, Cpl. O'Shea was mortally wounded, but his companions, undeterred, proceeded to the tank, rescued a wounded officer, and assisted 2 wounded soldiers to cover in the sap of a nearby trench. Sgts. Latham and Eggers then returned to the tank in the face of the violent fire, dismounted a Hotchkiss gun, and took it back to where the wounded men were keeping off the enemy all day by effective use of the gun and later bringing it with the wounded men back to our lines under cover of darkness.

</doc>
<doc id="19839788" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839788" title="Sam Glankoff">
Sam Glankoff

Sam Glankoff (1894-1982) was a New York-based, American artist whose innovative techniques and contributions to the enduring language of Abstract Expressionism have earned him a distinct place in the history of modern art.
Primarily a self-taught painter, Glankoff was also an accomplished woodcut artist. Technically innovative, decidedly individualistic and, by his own choice, routinely isolated from the broader society and art world he found so distracting, Glankoff developed an original technique that combined aspects of woodcut, print-making and painting in an all-new, modernist genre. Glankoff invented Print-Painting, richly layered works made with colored, water-based inks applied to delicate Japanese papers. Joining several sheets of paper together to create large-format works, he produced eloquent abstractions whose primordial symbols, bold brushstrokes and spiritual energy found affinities with both the monumental art forms of ancient civilizations and the aspirational expressions of the art of his time.
In 1981, at the age of 87, Glankoff had his first-ever solo exhibition in a New York gallery; he died just six months later, after enjoying the unprecedented critical success his work received. Writing of Sam Glankoff in 1981, John Russell, "The New York Times" distinguished senior art critic's evaluation typified the collective critical response to the artist's first and only solo exhibition: “It is not everyday that an artist of stature makes his debut in New York at the age of 87." Glankoff had participated in Whitney Studio Club group exhibitions each year from 1922 to 1928, receiving critical attention in "New York Times" reviews. When the Club disbanded in 1928, he stopped exhibiting his art. In 1974, when he was 80, the Whitney Museum of American Art offered him an exhibition. His response to that was: "I'm not ready yet." During his lifetime, the artist never made any effort to gain public attention for his art. Today, his works may be found in many public, private and corporate collections, including those of the Metropolitan Museum of Art and the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum in New York.
See also.
Critic and author Edward Madrid Gómez has written for "The New York Times", "Art in America", "ARTnews", "Art + Auction", "Art & Antiques", "Raw Vision", "The Japan Times", "Reforma" and other publications in the U.S., Europe, Mexico and Japan. He has written or contributed to monographs on the work of Adolf Wolfli, Roberto Cortazar, Yoko Ono and other artists.

</doc>
<doc id="19839794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839794" title="Ann O'Leary">
Ann O'Leary

Ann O'Leary is an American behavioral psychologist, associated with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta, Georgia. She specializes in behavior associated with AIDS. O'Leary received her PhD from Stanford University. In 2002, the American Psychological Association's Committee on Psychology and AIDS gave her their Distinguished Leader Award.

</doc>
<doc id="19839815" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839815" title="Voltaire (crater)">
Voltaire (crater)

Voltaire is an impact crater on Mars's moon Deimos and is approximately across. Voltaire crater is named after François-Marie Arouet, a French Enlightenment writer who was better known by the pen name Voltaire. Voltaire crater is one of two named features on Deimos, the other being Swift crater. On 10 July 2006, Mars Global Surveyor took an image of Deimos from away showing Voltaire crater and Swift crater.

</doc>
<doc id="19839872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839872" title="Choctaw Bingo">
Choctaw Bingo

Choctaw Bingo is a southern rock song written and performed by musician James McMurtry and appears on his album Saint Mary of the Woods and Live In Aught Three. The song is very up beat with a very distinct bassline and a moving yet basic beat. Choctaw Bingo is one of Mcmurty's most popular songs. The tune is very similar to the verses in Chuck Berry's "You Can't Catch Me".
Lyrics.
The lyrics are told by a narrator to someone else, presumably his wife or, at least, the mother of his children. The narrator starts the song by asking the other person to pack up their children and sedate them with vodka and, later, Benadryl. Apparently, this is to keep them quiet on their trip to a family reunion taking place at a ranch belonging to the narrator's Uncle Slayton. Each verse tells a different story about a different family member, though the tune still sounds the same. The family members are...
Uncle Slayton: The whole song revolves around Slayton and his lifestyle. Slayton is described as being too old to travel yet "still pretty spry." He owns property near Eufaula Lake as well as a Holstein cow and an Airstream trailer. The more we learn about Slayton, the more we are led to conclude that he is a gruff and shady character, adept at a variety of money-making activities that range from merely unethical to totally illegal. It is explicitly stated that Slayton cooks crystal meth and makes moonshine. He sells parcels of his property to people with bad credit with the intention of reclaiming the land when they miss a payment. It is hinted that a criminal past forced Slayton to leave Texas. Speculation about this story is implied to a favorite bit of family lore. It is also hinted that Slayton's current wife is a mail order bride. Slayton plays Choctaw Bingo every Friday night, which gives the song its title. 
Roscoe: Slayton's oldest son from his second marriage. He was raised in East St. Louis, IL by his "momma's people." Roscoe has nothing better to do than to just "Come on Down" so he sets off in a semi-trailer truck from the McDonald's on Will Rogers Turnpike headed for Dallas, TX. He ends up in an accident with another driver who runs a stop light in Muskogee. It is not clear whether Roscoe was injured in the accident nor whether he will attend the reunion.
Bob and Mae: Husband and wife couple whose status in the family is unknown. Bob coaches a football team at a small town near Lake Texoma that won the 2A state championship the last two years, but will not repeat this year. They purchase a cache of guns and ammunition in Tushka, Oklahoma on the way to Slayton's including an SKS rifle, a Desert Eagle and some military surplus tracer bullets for Slayton's Browning Automatic Rifle.
Ruth-Anne and Lynn: Sisters and second cousins to the narrator. They live in Baxter Springs, Kansas which is described as "one hell-raisin'town". The Loners MC run a biker bar, (the former Bikers Dream, which was actually not a bar but a motorcycle part store run by Tim (Pony) Cline) next to a lingerie store with big neon lips burning in the window (Romantic Delights run by Tim's wife. This shop is still open but no longer in Baxter Springs; now it is in Joplin, MO.) The narrator describes, in some detail, the inappropriate sexual feelings his cousins, who wear hardly any clothes, arouse in him. (James McMurtry says this is the "Good Part" at live performances)
Legacy.
Choctaw Bingo is one of James McMurtry's most famous songs. At live performances there is a section at the front of the stage where people dance. When he plays this song the section is nearly packed and everyone is hopping around, hooting and hollering. 
The song also appears on the soundtrack for the movie Beer For My Horses.
In 2009, American writer Ron Rosenbaum, writing for "Slate", nominated Choctaw Bingo as a new national anthem for the United States. Rosenbaum argues that the themes of the song are a perfect and prophetic metaphor for life in a post-financial crash America.

</doc>
<doc id="19839882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839882" title="Carolyn Kuhl">
Carolyn Kuhl

Carolyn Barbara Kuhl (born 1952) is a judge on the Superior Court of California for the County of Los Angeles and a former nominee to the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. She was born in St. Louis, Missouri.
Background.
In 1974, Judge Kuhl received a bachelor's degree in Chemistry from Princeton University with honors. Judge Kuhl was in the second class of women ever to graduate from Princeton. She graduated with honors from Duke Law School in 1977 where she was a member of the Order of the Coif and an editor of the Duke Law Journal.
From 1977 to 1978, Kuhl clerked for future Supreme Court Justice, Anthony M. Kennedy, when he was an appellate judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.
From 1981 to 1986, she served in the United States Department of Justice. She served as Deputy Solicitor General, Deputy Assistant Attorney General in the Civil Division, and as Special Assistant to Attorney General William French Smith.
As Deputy Solicitor General of the United States, she argued cases before the United States Supreme Court and supervised the work of the other attorneys in the office. As Deputy Assistant Attorney General in the Civil Division, Judge Kuhl supervised all civil appellate litigation handled by the Justice Department nationwide. She also supervised civil trial litigation involving federal agency programs—in particular, important cases raising critical constitutional or statutory issues.
From 1986 to 1995, Judge Kuhl was a partner in the Los Angeles law firm of Munger, Tolles & Olson. Her practice focused on civil business litigation in both federal and state courts with a specialty in appellate litigation.
In 1995, she became a judge on the Superior Court of California for the County of Los Angeles.
Ninth Circuit nomination under Bush.
On June 22, 2001, Judge Kuhl was nominated by President George W. Bush to a seat on the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit vacated by the Judge James R. Browning who had taken senior status in 2000. Despite being rated "Well Qualified" by the American Bar Association, her nomination was not processed during the Democratic-controlled 107th Congress due to pressure from several women's groups. Rather, it became stalled in the Senate Judiciary Committee under the leadership of then chairman, Senator Patrick Leahy, D-VT.
There were three main reasons for the opposition to her nomination. First, while a young, 29-year-old attorney at the Department of Justice with no policy-making authority, Judge Kuhl helped urge the attorney general to reverse an Internal Revenue Service policy denying tax-exempt status to Bob Jones University, which practiced racial discrimination.
She did so on two technical points, which sidestepped dealing with the university’s racial policies. She argued that Congress, rather than an administrative agency like the IRS, ought to be making such determinations, and many years later, said she was concerned lest the IRS use its power to define “public policy” to deprive tax-exempt status to all-girls schools (such as the high school Kuhl herself had attended) or all-women’s colleges. Charles J. Cooper, who was also at the Justice Department at the time working with Judge Kuhl on the case, has stated: "Neither nor anyone else favored such a policy [of affording tax-exempt status to racially-discriminatory educational institutions; to the contrary, all agreed that racially discriminatory private schools should not be tax-exempt, and draft legislation to that effect was prepared and proposed to Congress. and others involved in the case just believed that if the school was going to lose the tax exemption that it was entitled to under 501(c)(3), Congress and not the IRS should make that decision."
Second, Kuhl had a limited role in the drafting of the brief filed by then-Acting Solicitor General Charles Fried in "Thornburgh v. American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists", 476 U.S. 747 (1986), in which Fried, acting on behalf of President Ronald Reagan, urged the Supreme Court to overturn "Roe v. Wade". Although Fried, whose name appears first on the brief, acknowledged that he wrote the “overrule-Roe part of the brief” himself, pro-choice groups attributed the position to Kuhl as well, whose name appeared third on the brief.
Third, while serving on the Los Angeles Superior Court in 1999, Kuhl dismissed one of several counts in a case brought by a woman alleging the tort of intrusion after her doctor, while conducting a breast exam, had invited into the examining room a pharmaceutical company representative who was observing the doctor’s work as part of his participation in an oncology mentorship program designed to improve care for breast cancer patients. The woman, Azucena Sanchez-Scott, later testified that an unidentified man was present when her doctor had her undress. She said that when she grew flushed, the man laughed at her.
When she discovered later from the receptionist that the man was a drug company salesman, she sued under a new state law. Judge Kuhl ruled that because Ms. Sanchez-Scott had not explicitly objected to the man's presence, "I think it cannot be said that there was a reasonable expectation of privacy."
Judge Kuhl ruled that the remaining counts could proceed to trial, and the case ultimately settled with the plaintiff receiving an undisclosed sum.
In the 2002 midterm congressional elections, the Republicans regained control of the Senate. During the new 108th Congress, Senator Orrin Hatch, R-UT, the new Republican chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee began to process previously blocked judicial nominees. California's two Democratic senators, Dianne Feinstein and Barbara Boxer announced their opposition to Kuhl's nomination. Contrary to Feinstein's and Boxer's wishes, and the tradition of having the approval of the state's own Senators, Hatch gave Kuhl a committee hearing, and passed her out of committee.
The Democrats decided to filibuster Kuhl in order to prevent her from having a confirmation vote. Her nomination was filibustered on November 14, 2003 when the Senate failed to end debate with a 53-43 cloture vote, which fell 7 votes shy of the 60 needed to overcome the filibuster. In December 2004, Judge Kuhl withdrew her nomination. In 2006, new Bush nominee Sandra Segal Ikuta was confirmed to the seat which Kuhl had originally been nominated.
Current life.
On May 26, 2006, Chief Justice Ronald M. George of the California Supreme Court appointed Judge Kuhl to the Judicial Council of California, the constitutional policy-making body of the California courts. 
Currently, Judge Kuhl serves as a member of the Advisory Committee on Civil Jury Instructions as well as the Collaborative Court-County Working Group on Enhanced Collections. Additionally, she is a member of the Governing Committee for the Center for Judicial Education and Research (CJER).
Currently, Judge Kuhl serves as the Presiding Judge of the Complex Litigation Division of the Los Angeles Superior Court.
Personal.
Kuhl lives with her two daughters and her husband, William "Bill" Highberger, who is a judge on the Los Angeles County Superior Court.

</doc>
<doc id="19839889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839889" title="Jean Antoine Arthur Gris">
Jean Antoine Arthur Gris

Jean Antoine Arthur Gris (December 11, 1829 - August 19, 1872) was a French botanist who was a native of Châtillon-sur-Seine, in the department of Côte-d'Or.
Beginning in 1855 he worked in the laboratory of Adolphe-Théodore Brongniart (1801-1876) at the Muséum national d'histoire naturelle in Paris. In 1859 he received his PhD with a dissertation involving microscopic studies of chlorophyll. He was the author of 80 scientific articles, the majority of them being published in the "Bulletin de la Société botanique de France" and the "Annales des sciences naturelles".
In 1865, Brongniart named the genus "Grisia" (synonym: "Bikkia", family: Rubiaceae) in his honor.
Jean Gris died in Paris on August 19, 1872 at the age of 42. He is buried in the cemetery of Père-Lachaise, 22nd division.

</doc>
<doc id="19839902" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839902" title="The Earth, My Butt, and Other Big Round Things">
The Earth, My Butt, and Other Big Round Things

The Earth, My Butt, and Other Big Round Things is a 2003 young adult novel by Carolyn Mackler.
Plot summary.
Virginia "Ginny" Shreves is an overweight, self-conscious sophomore at a private high school in Manhattan. She has a make out buddy, Froggy Welsh the Fourth, and she doesn't want him (or anyone, for that matter) to see her fat. She hides her fat by wearing baggy clothing. Early in the novel, she doesn't really know how she feels about Froggy, but later she starts to see herself in a new light and realizes that she actually likes this guy she has been fooling around with. Her mother, Dr. Phyllis Shreves, is an adolescent psychologist who is obsessed with her daughter's weight, while her father is always complimenting skinny girls and making her feel unsatisfactory. Her older sister, Anais, joined the Peace Corps and moved to Africa in order to escape her mother, whom she calls The Queen of Denial. Her older brother, Byron, whom she idolizes, was suspended from Columbia University for committing date rape. This event forced her to completely reevaluate her opinion of her big brother.
Virginia finally stands up to her mother and gains control of her life. She goes to Seattle to see her best friend Shannon, and buys the ticket without telling her mom. Towards the end, she becomes rebellious; she dyes her hair purple and gets her eyebrow pierced. She also makes new friends, realizes what she wants to become and sees the value in herself as a person. She also realizes that she must understand who she is on the inside and that this is much more important than external appearances. She takes up kickboxing, and realizes that it is fine to change the way one looks on the outside, as long as this is done for the right reasons and the changes have a positive impact on a person physically and emotionally.
Characters.
Virginia Shreves is the protagonist who is the child of two parents she believes are unsupportive. She battles with her weight and place in society.
Anais Shreves is the sister of Virginia, she is described as beautiful and thin. She is the rebellious older daughter who joins the Peace Corps.
Byron Shreves is the brother of Virginia. He is described as being a model child. He is a handsome and popular man who later commits date rape.
Shannon Iris Malloy-Newman is Virginia’s best friend that is currently in Walla Walla Washington. She also has a stuttering problem.
Dr. Phyllis Shreves is a psychologist for teenagers who doesn’t want to accept that her family isn’t perfect.
Virginia’s Dad is a laid back Yankees fan who doesn't think that the things he says about Virginia's weight affects her.
Froggy Welsh the Fourth is Virginia's boy friend/lover they never really had a relationship they only had a thing. And also wishes that she could be that one girl that every one would like .
Major themes.
One critic believed a possible theme could be “though you are a larger size, it doesn’t mean that you don’t have a heart.” Another colleague said, "Her gradually evolving ability to stand up to her family is hard one and not always believable, but it provides a hopeful ending for those trying to stand on their own two feet.”
Reception.
The reception to the book is varied. One Reviewer noted that the “pacing is excellent and Mackler perfectly conveys the nuances of teen insecurity in all its painfully glory.” However, the same critic also stated, "The author tries to deal with too many issues and ends up giving many of them short shift.” Kirkus reviews, LLC calls the novel "easy read with substance and spirit,” "eminently accessible," and "sexuality, refreshingly, is treated as a good thing." Yet there are still more positive comments such as this book has a “superior plotline” and some “fascinating words.” Gail Richmond of The "School Library Journal" gave the novel a positive review: "Told through first-person narrative, journal entries, and e-mail, Virginia's story will interest readers who are looking for one more book with teen angst, a bit of romance, and a kid who is a bit like them or their friends." Jennifer M. Brabander of "Horn Book Magazine" also lauded the novel, saying, "Mackler does a fine job introducing girls to a very cool chick with a little meat on her bones." A "Publishers Weekly" review says, "The e-mails she exchanges with Shannon, and the lists she makes (e.g., "The Fat Girl Code of Conduct") add both realism and insight to her character. The heroine's transformation into someone who finds her own style and speaks her own mind is believable — and worthy of applause".
The book has also sparked some negative responses, Diane Roback goes so far as to say, "Mackler occasionally uses a heavy hand when it comes to making her points." She also says, “The date rape story line is . . . gutsy." The book has even undergone criticism to decide whether the book should be banned from schools. Carroll County Maryland superintendent Charles I. Ecker banned the novel "because of profane language and sexual content." Mackler’s response to this ordeal is that she “wanted to portray teenagers experiences realistically.” She includes that it "expressed disappointment that the book is being banned in middle schools.”
Controversy and possible film adaptation.
In February 2008, the book was removed from school libraries in Colorado Springs, Colorado. The decision to ban the book was challenged by the National Coalition Against Censorship.
In early June 2010 various postings on the author's website [http://www.carolynmackler.com/The-Earth-My-Butt-and-Other-Big-Round-Things-by-Carolyn-Mackler.asp] speculated about a possible film adaptation, which led to many questions about a time line for a film adaptation. No deal has been made.

</doc>
<doc id="19839903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839903" title="Watanabebashi Station">
Watanabebashi Station

Station layout.
An island platform serving two tracks is located on the 3rd basement, ticket gates are on the 2nd basement, and an underground mall called "MINAMO" is on the 1st basement. This station is directly connected to Higobashi Station on the Osaka Municipal Subway Yotsubashi Line (Exit 4) via the underground passage under Yotsubashi-suji.

</doc>
<doc id="19839922" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839922" title="SC Neukirchen">
SC Neukirchen

The SC Neukirchen is a German association football club from the city of Neukirchen, Hesse.
History.
The actual foundation date of the club is shrouded in mystery but the club decided in 1945 that 1899 seemed the most likely year. The local gymnastics club, a predecessor of the "SCN" dates back to 1864 but the current club does not claim this as its foundation year.
The club did not rise above local amateur level until 1984, when it won promotion to the "Landesliga Hessen-Nord", one of the three fourth-tier leagues in Hesse at the time. The "SCN" became an instant success in this league, finishing in the top-five for the next five seasons. In the 1989–90 seasons, it had to struggle, finishing only 12th but still well clear of the relegation places. After this laps, it returned to its old ways in 1990–91, coming third and managed to win its league the season after.
Promoted to the "Oberliga Hessen" for the first time in 1992, it had two seasons in mid-table before winning the championship in Hesse's highest amateur league. Promotion to the "Regionalliga Süd" (III) was the reward for this.
The club held out for four seasons in the third division, earning a ninth place finish in 1996–97 as its best result. After this, it declined and, coming last in 1999, was relegated back down again.
A second place in its first year back in the "Oberliga" was followed by a gradual decline. After the 2002–03 season, where an eleventh place would have meant survival, the club was forced to withdraw from the league for financial reasons. The "SCN" stepped down from tier-four straight to tier seven, entering the "Bezirksliga Kassel" for the 2003–04 seasons. 
It struggled to find its footing in lower amateur football, suffering another relegation but soon recovered to climb the ranks again. In 2007, it won promotion to the tier six Bezirksoberliga, which became the Gruppenliga the following year. "SCN" lasted for four seasons at this level before suffering relegation in 2011.
Honours.
The club's honours: 
Recent seasons.
The recent season-by-season performance of the club:
Cup success.
The club has taken out the Hesse Cup three times in its history, qualifying thereby for the German Cup, where it never went past the first round yet despite having home games each time:

</doc>
<doc id="19839933" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839933" title="Something Else (Shirley Bassey album)">
Something Else (Shirley Bassey album)

Something Else is a 1971 album by Shirley Bassey. 
Following-up her comeback album "Something", this proved to be almost as big when it too made the UK top 10, peaking at No.7. The album contained the hit single "(Where Do I Begin?) Love Story" as well as a non-charting second release "Breakfast in Bed". 
The success of this album and Shirley Bassey in general at this period saw a rush of compilations and older albums entering the UK charts in late 1971, with five albums appearing over the space of three months. In 1972, Bassey was the subject of "This is Your Life" where guest Liberace made mention of this album and in particular "Excuse Me".
The gatefold photograph features Bassey wearing a chiffon catsuit. The early 1970s would see Bassey wearing some of her most revealing stage costumes, as reflected on the cover. 
In France, the album was released as "Love Songs" with an alternative sleeve and also featured the song "For All We Know". "Something Else" was released on vinyl and cassette in stereo. It was re-issued on CD in 1999 by EMI with two bonus tracks; "For the Love of Him" was originally the B-side of "(Where Do I Begin) Love Story", while "Vehicle", recorded in February 1971, remained unreleased until 1994.
Track listing.
Side One
Side Two
CD bonus tracks: 

</doc>
<doc id="19839947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839947" title="Rural economics">
Rural economics

Rural economics is the study of rural economies, including:
</ref>

</doc>
<doc id="19839949" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839949" title="Electromagnetic buoyancy">
Electromagnetic buoyancy

Electromagnetic buoyancy (EMB) is a force that opposes Lorentz force (EMW) during electromagnetic phoresis of small particles or droplets in an aqueous medium. Though this force is still being researched, it has been clearly observed in experimental procedures.

</doc>
<doc id="19839979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839979" title="Purcellville Gazette">
Purcellville Gazette

The Purcellville Gazette is a weekly tabloid-style newspaper covering the area in and around Purcellville, Virginia and western Loudoun. It is fully supported by amounts paid by advertisers and is distributed without charge. In addition to Purcellville, the Gazette is an Official Paper of Record for Loudoun County, Hamilton, Lovettsville and Round Hill. The Gazette was founded by R. Ben Weber, Kim Weber and Judy Stearns in May of 2004. The Purcellville Gazette has also published every issue of its paper, ads included, on its website for the general public. 
<br clear=right>

</doc>
<doc id="19839999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19839999" title="Mount Tō">
Mount Tō

Outline.
Mount Tō is one of the most popular mountains in Tanzawa Mountains. This mountain is a part of Tanzawa-Ōyama Quasi-National Park with other Tanzawa Mountains.

</doc>
<doc id="19840001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840001" title="The Invincible Iron Man (video game)">
The Invincible Iron Man (video game)

The Invincible Iron Man is the title of a video game published by Activision and developed by Torus Games for the Game Boy Advance in 2002. It is a one-player side-scrolling action game in which the player battles various villains from the Iron Man comic book series.
Plot.
The Iron Man armor has been stolen from Stark Enterprises by three unknown culprits. Tony dons another version of the Iron Man armor to find the original armor and stop the culprits before the Iron Man armor falls into the wrong hands.
Gameplay.
"The basic design has you traveling sideways, upward, and back and forth throughout massive levels full of armed opponents. You can use Iron Man's repulsor blasts and shoulder tackle to knock out his enemies, but each use drains a little bit more of the costume's energy. When the energy is depleted, you'll need to collect energy items scattered throughout the level or wait for the suit to recharge. ... There are also power orbs located in various areas, which you can collect in order to unleash a massive chest-mounted cannon or to detonate a bomb that clears the entire screen of enemies. Iron Man's jump ability is actually a boost that you can use in combination with the shoulder tackle in order to fly short distances." Villains include Iron Man's cousin Morgan Stark, Blizzard, and the Crimson Dynamo.
Critical reaction.
Frank Provo of GameSpot gave "The Invincible Iron Man" a positive score of 7.3 out of 10 but criticized the game for being too short, saying: "Fans of the Iron Man character or just comics in general will enjoy "The Invincible Iron Man". It's one of the few side-scrolling action games that's genuinely fun to play and that also delivers a faithful interpretation of a familiar character. Just keep in mind that it's over far too soon." Craig Harris of IGN gave the game a score of 7.0 out of 10, saying: "The game's a little too short, and there's not much else to discover gameplay-wise beyond what the first level offers, but for what it is, "The Invincible Iron Man" isn't too shabby. The art and animation is the real charm here, with shooting action — as simplistic as it is — that's pretty satisfying."

</doc>
<doc id="19840009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840009" title="I Capricorn">
I Capricorn

I Capricorn is a 1972 album by Shirley Bassey.
Following on from the success of her previous two albums, "I Capricorn" saw Bassey still in the midst of her revival in the 1970s. Some months earlier she had released the single "For All We Know", which had become one of the biggest hits of her career, peaking at No.6 in the UK and remaining on the charts for half a year. This album was released just as the single was leaving the chart and just as her second James Bond theme, "Diamonds are Forever", was entering the chart. Surprisingly, the Bond theme song was not featured on this collection however. The album itself, released in February 1972, made No.13 and remained on the UK album chart for 11 weeks. In the US, Bassey undertook a promotional tour during March which took in 12 cities. It reached No.94 on the Billboard 200 Track "The Greatest Performance of My Life" was subsequently released as a single, but failed to match the success of the first. It did however become a mainstay of her live concerts for the next few years. 
The album also contained the popular songs "Losing My Mind", "The Look of Love" and John Lennon's "Love". The title track was appropriate in that Bassey was indeed a Capricorn (born January 8). Producer Johnny Harris along with his assistant John Bromley (who also played guitar on the album) penned one song, "The Way a Woman Loves". "I Capricorn" remains one of the most highly regarded albums by her fans.
Early issues of this album had a metallic gold finish and the artwork was pasted on. "I Capricorn" was re-issued on CD in 2000 by EMI with alternative artwork. It was later re-released in a double pack with the follow-up album "And I Love You So" in November 2010.
Track listing.
Side One
Side Two

</doc>
<doc id="19840034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840034" title="Tidewater News">
Tidewater News

Tidewater News is a newspaper based in Franklin, Virginia covering Franklin, Southampton County and Isle of Wight County. Since November, 2006, it has been published three days a week.
<br clear=right>

</doc>
<doc id="19840071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840071" title="List of New Zealand police officers killed in the line of duty">
List of New Zealand police officers killed in the line of duty

This is a list of New Zealand Police officers killed in the line of duty. As of 2009, 29 police officers have been killed by criminal act, and about 17 have died from accidental causes, during the execution of duty. There has been one instance of multiple police deaths, when Stanley Graham gunned down four officers attempting to apprehend him in 1941, and four double fatalities. Most of the homicides have been a result of gunshot wounds, the accidents mainly due to either drowning or vehicle (car/aircraft) accidents.
A slain officer may receive a police funeral, including an honour guard and flag-draped casket, and be officially mourned in the New Zealand House of Representatives. At least four officers have received posthumous honours — Sergeant Stewart Guthrie received the highest Commonwealth civilian decoration, the George Cross. The Lou Grant Award, created in the memory of the police sergeant who died in the 1993 Eagle helicopter mid-air collision, is awarded every second year for excellence and contributions to search and rescue.
The Memorial Wall at The Royal New Zealand Police College lists the names of fallen colleagues, whom the service commemorates annually on Police Remembrance Day. The Police Association together with the New Zealand Police introduced a Police Remembrance Day Pin in 2007, for officers to wear to honour the memory of those slain during the course of duty. The pin combines a Huia tail feather with a police chevron; the Huia bird was sacred in Māori culture, wearing of its feathers restricted to people of high status.
In addition to the human officers, 23 police dogs have died in the line of duty; notably the drowning of Enzo in 2007, and Gage, a six-year-old German Shepherd, in 2010.
Officers.
Killed by criminal act.
Since 1 September 1886.

</doc>
<doc id="19840076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840076" title="Navin">
Navin

Navin is a name of differing origins, which include French and Indian, including Hindi.
Etymologies.
French.
"Navin" is a French surname. It was changed to Nawijn in Dutch.
Indian.
"Navin" (also spelled Naveen, , ) is an Indian given name meaning "new thing" or "new beginning".
Scottish.
"Navin" is a Scottish surname.

</doc>
<doc id="19840090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840090" title="Nakanoshima Station (Osaka)">
Nakanoshima Station (Osaka)

The station name occasionally accompanies the secondary name .
Station layout.
The station consists of an underground island platform serving three tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="19840106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840106" title="Pitt Scholarship">
Pitt Scholarship

The Pitt Scholarship at the University of Cambridge, England, was the pre-eminent classics University Scholarship of Great Britain in 1830.
It was instituted in 1814 using surplus funds raised to erect a statue to William Pitt the Younger and a donation from the Pitt Club. 
In the spring of 2012, the Department of Politics and International Studies established a new Pitt Scholarship, funded by the Pitt Club, "given on the basis of intellectual excellence favouring those who have a track record of strong leadership potential." The scholarship's first winner was Omer Aziz. 

</doc>
<doc id="19840135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840135" title="McAlyster">
McAlyster

McAlyster was an American country music group founded in Pensacola, Florida. Its members comprised Cody Collins, Josh Walther, Leigh Usilton and Valerie Gills. They were signed to MCA Nashville Records in 2000. Their debut single, "I Know How the River Feels", was previously a No. 32 country single in 1999 for Diamond Rio, and was originally recorded by Ty Herndon on his 1996 album "Living in a Moment". McAlyster's demo rendition was released as a single, peaking at No. 69 on the country charts. In 2007, former member Cody Collins succeeded Richie McDonald as lead singer of the group Lonestar, while Walther began a solo career.

</doc>
<doc id="19840174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840174" title="Alan Louis Eggers">
Alan Louis Eggers

Alan Louis Eggers (November 2, 1895 – October 3, 1968) was a sergeant in the United States Army during World War I. He received the Medal of Honor for his heroic actions in combat near Le Catelet, France, on September 29, 1918, together with John C. Latham and Thomas E. O'Shea. Eggers was a student at Cornell University before departing for service. He was awarded the degree of "War Alumnus" in 1921.
Medal of Honor citation.
Citation: 
Becoming separated from their platoon by a smoke barrage, Sgt. Eggers, Sgt. John C. Latham and Cpl. Thomas E. O'Shea took cover in a shell hole well within the enemy's lines. Upon hearing a call for help from an American tank, which had become disabled 30 yards from them, the 3 soldiers left their shelter and started toward the tank, under heavy fire from German machine-guns and trench mortars. In crossing the fire-swept area Cpl. O'Shea was mortally wounded, but his companions, undeterred, proceeded to the tank, rescued a wounded officer, and assisted 2 wounded soldiers to cover in a sap of a nearby trench. Sgt. Eggers and Sgt. Latham then returned to the tank in the face of the violent fire, dismounted a Hotchkiss gun, and took it back to where the wounded men were, keeping off the enemy all day by effective use of the gun and later bringing it, with the wounded men, back to our lines under cover of darkness.

</doc>
<doc id="19840207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840207" title="Muskingum Watershed Conservancy District">
Muskingum Watershed Conservancy District

The Muskingum Watershed Conservancy District is a political subdivision of the State of Ohio organized in 1933 to develop and implement a plan for flood reduction and water conservation in the Muskingum River watershed, the state's largest wholly contained watershed, covering more than . Since the original construction of fourteen reservoirs and dams in the 1930s (two more were built later), more than $7 billion worth of property damage has been saved from flooding.
Projects.
After its formation, the MWCD began planning an extensive system of flood-reduction reservoirs and dams in the Muskingum River watershed, which covers all or portion of 27 counties (about 20 percent of the state). By 1938, a network of fourteen reservoirs and dams was constructed. The ten permanent reservoirs are widely recognized for their outdoor recreational opportunities, attracting more than five  million visitors annually.
The operation of the lakes and dams, along with the property immediately surrounding the dam sites, was transferred to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Huntington District, after the approval of the Flood Control Act of 1939 by Congress. The MWCD continues to be responsible for the management of much of the reservoir areas behind the dams, serving as a partner to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers for flood reduction. The reservoirs also serve as sources of public water supply and the MWCD manages about of water and property, most of which is open for public access. In addition to operating a number of recreation facilities, the MWCD cooperates with the Ohio Division of Wildlife for fishing and hunting management.

</doc>
<doc id="19840214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840214" title="The Roy Rogers and Dale Evans Show">
The Roy Rogers and Dale Evans Show

The Roy Rogers and Dale Evans Show is a Western comedy and variety program that ran on ABC television for 13 episodes from September 29 to December 29, 1962. In addition to Roy Rogers and Dale Evans Rogers, who married in 1947, the program featured the Sons of the Pioneers, Pat Brady, and Cliff Arquette in his role of country iconoclast Charley Weaver.
The premiere episode entitled the "Seattle World's Fair" honored the celebration in 1962 in Seattle, Washington. The November 3 episode was set at Knotts Berry Farm amusement park in Buena Park, California. Martha Raye guest-starred in the December 8 episode "Circus". Dale Robertson of NBC's "Tales of Wells Fargo" appeared in the episode "Western Hit Parade" on October 20, which offered the songs "Cool Water", "Do Not Forsake Me, Oh My Darling", and "Don't Fence Me In". Still another segment featured singer Kathy Taylor and magician Mark Wilson.
A patriotic program was broadcast on October 27. A tribute to silent film star William S. Hart aired on November 10. A Thanksgiving Day celebration aired on November 17, and a Grand National horse show followed on November 24. A minstrel show was presented on December 1.
The last new episode entitled "Christmas Open House" aired on December 22.
From 1951 to 1957, the couple had a successful half-hour western drama "The Roy Rogers Show", which aired for 104 episodes on Sunday afternoons on NBC. It was rebroadcast on Saturday mornings on CBS from 1961 to 1964. Evans herself composed the words and music of the program theme song, "Happy Trails". The song quickly became the composition most associated with the pair.
The series was quickly canceled. The program preceded another short-lived ABC series, the sitcom "Mr. Smith Goes to Washington", starring Fess Parker and Red Foley. "Roy and Dale" aired opposite the first year of "The Jackie Gleason Show", another comedy-variety program, on CBS. NBC ran the legal drama "Sam Benedict" at that hour, co-starring Edmond O'Brien in the title role, with Richard Rust as his understudy.
The "Handbook of Texas" described the 1962 variety program as an unsuccessful attempt by Rogers and Evans to "revive their flagging popularity". The couple retired to Apple Valley in San Bernardino County, California, and devoted themselves to their Roy Rogers and Dale Evans Museum, which was moved thereafter to nearby Victorville, California, and then to Branson, Missouri. Evans continued to write books testifying to her Christian faith and appeared at numerous spiritual conferences. The Texas Press Association named her "Texan of the Year" in 1970. She was named in 1995 to the National Cowgirl Museum and Hall of Fame. She and Rogers were elected to the Western Music Association Hall of Fame in 1989.

</doc>
<doc id="19840228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840228" title="Oakleigh Grammar">
Oakleigh Grammar

Oakleigh Grammar is an Independent Christian school located in the Melbourne suburb of Oakleigh. The school was established in 1983 and currently caters for 488 students from 3-year old Kindergarten to Year 12.
The School has three sub-schools, each with its own Head. The Junior School encompasses an Early Learning Centre which provides programs for 2, 3 and 4-year old kindergarten students, and operates under the principles of the Reggio Emilia philosophy. The Junior School also consists of Years Prep to 5 and the educational offering is a combination of Direct Instruction and Inquiry Based learning.
The Middle School offers students a traditional choice of academic studies at Years 6 - 9 and is currently a Candidate School for the International Baccalaureate Middle Years Program. At Year 9 a special facility - 9Ways - focuses on 'experiential learning' and allows students to bond with each other and staff in a special setting.
The Senior School is based on the Victorian Certificate of Education with a range of academic offerings at Years 10 - 12. There is a strong emphasis on Sport and Student Wellbeing, and high priority is given to maximizing each students academic potential. Small class sizes are well noted in this section of the School
Oakleigh Grammar boasts a strong character development program stemming from Stephen Covey's 7 Habits of Highly Effective People. The School Principal, Mr. Mark Robertson, is leading a transformation of the School with the theme of 'internationalism' permeating the students day to day life. The Hellenic roots of the School are embedded in its culture with Greek Language, Dance and Christian Values from the Orthodox Christian persuasion being clearly visible in this thriving multicultural and contemporary learning environment.

</doc>
<doc id="19840237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840237" title="Laplace pressure">
Laplace pressure

The Laplace pressure is the pressure difference between the inside and the outside of a curved surface. The pressure difference is caused by the surface tension of the interface between liquid and gas.
The Laplace pressure is determined from the Young–Laplace equation given as
where formula_2 and formula_3 are the radii of curvature and formula_4 is the surface tension. Although signs for these values vary, sign convention usually dictates positive curvature when convex and negative when concave. The Laplace pressure is commonly used to determine the pressure difference in spherical shapes such as bubbles or droplets. When this is the case the radii of curvature are equal (formula_2 = formula_3) and the equation simplifies to, 
where
A common example of use is finding the pressure inside an air bubble in pure water, where formula_4 = 72 mN/m when at 25°C (298 K). The extra pressure inside the bubble is given here for three bubble sizes: 
A 1 mm bubble has negligible extra pressure. Yet when the diameter is ~3 µm, the bubble has an extra atmosphere inside than outside. When the bubble is only several hundred nanometers, the pressure inside can be several atmospheres. One should bear in mind that the surface tension in the numerator can be much smaller in the presence of surfactants or contaminants. The same calculation can be done for small oil droplets in water, where even in the presence of surfactants and a fairly low interfacial tension formula_4 = 5–10 mN/m, the pressure inside 100 nm diameter droplets can reach several atmospheres. Such nanoemulsions can be antibacterial because the large pressure inside the oil droplets can cause them to attach to bacteria, and simply merge with them, swell them, and "pop" them.

</doc>
<doc id="19840239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840239" title="Ōebashi Station">
Ōebashi Station


</doc>
<doc id="19840334" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840334" title="Jon Duncanson">
Jon Duncanson

Jon Duncanson (born March 11, 1956) is a former American broadcaster who worked for many years as a television News presenter and reporter in Chicago.
Early life and education.
A native of Minnesota, Duncanson earned a bachelor's degree in journalism from the University of Minnesota.
Professional career.
Duncanson began his career working for Greenpeace International. In 1983 he began his journalistic career as a free lance photographer in Honduras, Nicaragua and El Salvador, working for UPI with occasional assignments from "Time" Magazine. He then worked as a television reporter and presenter for WDIO-TV in Duluth from 1984 until 1985, WFTV-TV in Orlando from 1985 until 1988, and KCRA-TV in Sacramento from 1988 until 1992. He also traveled through Croatia in November 1992 and taped the fighting in that country on his home video camera, winning an Emmy Award in the San Francisco/Northern California region. In total he covered wars as a free-lance reporter in Nicaragua, El Salvador and Honduras and later in Colombia for KCRA-TV(NBC) as well as Croatia, Bosnia and Serbia for KCRA and for WBBM-TV and WFLD-TV in Chicago. On 24 February 1992 he joined WBBM-TV in Chicago as a general assignment reporter. He won two more Emmys in the Chicago/Midwest region for reports from Bosnia. In 1994 his efforts were documented in the French film "The Troubles We've Seen - A History of Journalism in Wartime", by academy award-winning director Marcel Ophüls. The film received the International Critics' Award at the Montreal World Film Festival.
In September 1995 Duncanson left WBBM-TV after choosing not to accept a contract renewal. In late October 1995 he was hired by WFLD-TV in Chicago as a 6 am news presenter, which also included providing special reports for the station's 9 pm newscast. The following year he became news presenter for WFLD's 7 am to 9 am newscast also.
In 1996 Duncanson made a cameo appearance in the movie "Primal Fear" as a location reporter.
In August 1997 Duncanson and his wife, TV presenter/reporter Sylvia Gomez, left WFLD to travel the world together. They traveled to Yugoslavia, England, France, Italy, India, Thailand, China, Panama, Peru and Mexico, logging more than 30,000 miles over a five-year period. Nine months were spent sailing from San Francisco, into the Sea of Cortez off Baja Mexico, ending up in Puerto Vallarta, where they purchased a seaside villa. After their first child was born in 2002 the couple received an offer from NBC News and settled down in Los Angeles and began working again as correspondents on a full-time free-lance basis.
In 2003 Duncanson and Gomez returned to Chicago's airwaves, rejoining WBBM-TV on 30 June 2003 as husband-and-wife weekend news presenters and general assignment reporters. Duncanson won his fourth Emmy covering the tsunami in 2005 reporting from Banda Aceh, Indonesia. In January 2006 Duncanson and Gomez were moved from their weekend news anchoring duties to full-time general assignment reporting duties. Duncanson was a returning guest lecturer on Journalism and Media Issues at Columbia College in Chicago, as well as at Northwestern University's Medill School of Journalism. He served as Master of Ceremonies for [the University of Chicago Hospitals Cancer Survivors Day event for three consecutive years. The couple left WBBM-TV at the end of 2006 and moved to their home in Mexico.
In 2007 Duncanson was named the public relations chief of a Mexican importer/exporter and national distributor of liquor.
Since January 2007 Duncanson and Gomez have been running Aviana Productions, a video/strategic media company in the San Francisco Bay Area and Mexico. In March 2009 Duncanson was invited to the West Wing of the White House and discussed how the Obama Administration could use viral video and social media to promote its political image and agenda. In 2010 the couple produced a campaign film and served as advisors for Mario Lopez Valdez, the sitting federal senator from Sinaloa, Mexico, in his campaign for governor there. In a surprise upset, Lopez Valdez won the election. In July 2010 Duncanson and Gomez, through Aviana Productions, won a North American Aegis Award for a marketing film produced with golfing legend Jack Nicklaus. At year's end the couple won two more Aegis Awards for films produced for the luxury Mexican resorts Palmasola, and Imanta Resorts, both located near Puerto Vallarta.
Personal.
In 1992, Duncanson began dating Chicago TV reporter Sylvia Gomez. The couple was engaged early in 1995, and married on October 13, 1995 in a ceremony presided over by Cook County Clerk and former Chicago Mayor David Orr. Their first child, Ian Gomez Duncanson, was born in June 2002.
The couple have homes in California and in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="19840356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840356" title="NY-1">
NY-1

NY-1 or NY 1 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19840358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840358" title="Echinocactus polycephalus">
Echinocactus polycephalus

Echinocactus polycephalus is a cactus that occurs in the Mojave Desert region of Arizona, California, and Nevada. It also occurs in the Sonoran Desert region of southern California and northern Sonora, Mexico.
The plants grow in some of the most extreme arid environments in the American Southwest, such as Death Valley National Park, and the Mojave National Preserve of Southern California. 
Description.
The stems of "Echinocactus polycephalus" are sometimes solitary, but more often in clusters of as many as 30, each up to 0.6 m tall. The spines are yellow to red. The fruits are densely woolly, giving the common name "Cotton top cactus". In the past, it was also called "niggerhead cactus." 
They have a reputation for being difficult in cultivation, and are rarely seen in cactus collections.

</doc>
<doc id="19840363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840363" title="Beanie">
Beanie

Beanie may refer to:
Beanie may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19840382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840382" title="St. Francis Xavier High School (Edmonton)">
St. Francis Xavier High School (Edmonton)

St. Francis Xavier High School is a high school in west Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. It is operated by Edmonton Catholic Schools System.
Academic program.
In addition to the regular Alberta high school curriculum, the school offers a number of specialized programs.
The advanced placement program "preparestudents to acquire the knowledge, concepts, and skills needed to engage in a higher level of learning".
The school provides a number of sports academies programs: baseball, golf, hockey, lacrosse and soccer. These programs are committed to development of the student as an athlete and give the student the opportunity to develop athletic skills balanced with academic studies.

</doc>
<doc id="19840398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840398" title="Active Lancer">
Active Lancer

Active Lancer is a 2D shoot 'em up video game created by Freeverse for Mac OS 9 and Mac OS X. It plays in the style of many old school computer games and features little plot line or story development. The demo is downloadable from macgamefiles.com however it is no longer included on freeverse.com. There are several levels the player is required to complete. It lacks a multiplayer mode but two players can play together on the same computer. It was much less successful than Freeverse's popular WingNuts Series.
It was re-released as part of a 'Best of Original Mac Games' bundle from Freeverse.
Storyline.
In the game the player is cast as a member of the "Active Lancer Corps". He is the lone survivor of a failed attack on the home world of an alien race known as the "cherries" where he has to face fast unending attacks by the aliens.

</doc>
<doc id="19840404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840404" title="Kota 2023">
Kota 2023

Kota 2023 (Macedonian: Кота 2023) is a short film festival held in Skopje, Republic of Macedonia. It was established in 2008.
The categories of the festival are:

</doc>
<doc id="19840430" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840430" title="Judicial misconduct">
Judicial misconduct

Judicial misconduct occurs when a judge acts in ways that are considered unethical or otherwise violate the judge's obligations of impartial conduct. Actions that can be classified as judicial misconduct include: conduct prejudicial to the effective and expeditious administration of the business of the courts; using the judge's office to obtain special treatment for friends or relatives; accepting bribes, gifts, or other personal favors related to the judicial office; having improper discussions with parties or counsel for one side in a case; treating litigants or attorneys in a demonstrably egregious and hostile manner; violating other specific, mandatory standards of judicial conduct, such as judicial rules of procedure or evidence, or those pertaining to restrictions on outside income and requirements for financial disclosure; and acting outside the jurisdiction of the judge or the court, or performance of official duties if the conduct might have a prejudicial effect on the administration of the business of the courts among reasonable people. Rules of official misconduct also include rules concerning disability, which is a temporary or permanent condition rendering judge unable to discharge the duties of the particular judicial office.
A judicial investigative committee is a panel of judges selected to investigate a judicial misconduct complaint against a judge accused of judicial misconduct. Judicial investigative committees are rarely appointed. According to U.S. Court statistics, only 18 of the 1,484 judicial misconduct complaints filed in the United States Courts between September 2004 and September 2007 warranted the formation of judicial investigative committees.

</doc>
<doc id="19840443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840443" title="1911–12 Ottawa Hockey Club season">
1911–12 Ottawa Hockey Club season

The 1911–12 Ottawa Hockey Club season was the club's 27th season, third in the National Hockey Association. The club did not repeat as league champion, placing second to Quebec, after a disputed game had to be replayed, and the Club lost the replay.
Regular season.
Prior to the season, on November 2, Bruce Ridpath was seriously injured with a fractured skull after being hit by an automobile on Yonge Street in Toronto. He lived in Toronto and was rumoured to be a possible manager of the future Toronto NHA franchise.
The NHA changed its rules prior to the season. The "rover" position was dropped and teams played six-per-side. The change was protested by Ottawa, which had had great success playing seven-per-side. However, the NHA owners instead decided to drop the rover. Ottawa threatened to ice a seven-man team for a game against Quebec, but did not follow through on their threat.
Fred "Cyclone" Taylor went on public record stating that he would not play for Wanderers as he had a good position with the Interior Department in Ottawa, and would not play at all instead of playing for the Wanderers. Ottawa would attempt to secure his rights from Montreal. Ottawa would offer to trade Skene Ronan (who would go on to win the scoring championship) for Taylor but was turned down.
Highlights.
On January 24, Fred Taylor played for Ottawa against the Wanderers, despite his rights being held by the Wanderers, for which he refused to play for. Ottawa would win the game, but it was protested and ordered replayed if necessary. This was Mr. Taylor's final game in the NHA, as he would join Vancouver the next year.
On February 9, Skene Ronan would score five goals in a game against the Wanderers and follow up with eight goals in a game against the Wanderers on February 14.
On March 2, Quebec defeated Ottawa 6–5 in a game decided after 23 minutes of overtime. With four seconds to play, Joe Malone scored to tie the game and Joe Hall scored the winning goal. Ottawa would now have to play the replay game against the Wanderers in Montreal. On March 5, Ottawa lost the replay, and the loss would cost them a tie of the league championship, as Quebec finished 10–8 and Ottawa would finish 9–9.
Game log.
† Protested by Wanderers, replayed on March 5.
‡ Replay of protested game.
Roster.
Source: Kitchen, p. 344

</doc>
<doc id="19840462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840462" title="Gemini Award for Best Dramatic Series">
Gemini Award for Best Dramatic Series

This page lists the winners and nominees for the Gemini Award for "Best Dramatic Series". Winners in each category are in bold.

</doc>
<doc id="19840469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840469" title="Tomáš Vychodil">
Tomáš Vychodil

Tomáš Vychodil (born 7 October 1975) is a Czech footballer currently playing for FC Sibir Novosibirsk in Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="19840475" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840475" title="Naniwabashi Station">
Naniwabashi Station

Station layout.
The station consists of an underground island platform serving two tracks.

</doc>
<doc id="19840499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840499" title="Telestar">
Telestar

The Telestar was a former German television award, created by Das Erste and ZDF. It was succeeded in 1999 by the Deutscher Fernsehpreis.

</doc>
<doc id="19840500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840500" title="Jalan Enam Kaki">
Jalan Enam Kaki

Jalan Enam Kaki ("Six Feet Road") (Selangor state route ) is a major road in Selangor, Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="19840503" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840503" title="Barry Bluestone">
Barry Bluestone

Barry Alan Bluestone (born December 27, 1944) is the Stearns Trustee Professor of Political Economy, founding director of the Kitty and Michael Dukakis Center for Urban and Regional Policy, and the founding dean of the School of Public Policy & Urban Affairs at Northeastern University in Boston, Massachusetts. 
Previously he was Professor of Political Economy at the University of Massachusetts Boston. He also taught economics at Boston College where he served as director of the University's Social Welfare Research Institute. He is also one of five co-founders of the Economic Policy Institute. In the 1980s and the 1990s he collaborated with the late economist Bennett Harrison on several publications.
Education.
Bluestone attended University of Michigan where he received his Ph.D (1974).
Writings.
Bluestone has written extensively and has authored or co-authored a number of books focused on political economy and society including: "The Deindustrialization of America (1982)", "The Great U-Turn: Corporate Restructuring and the Polarizing of America (1988)", "Negotiating the Future: A Labor Perspective on American Business (1992)", "Growing Prosperity: The Battle for Growth with Equity in the 21st Century (2000)","The Prosperity Gap: A Chartbook of American Living Standards (2000)", "The Boston Renaissance: Race, Space, and Economic Change in an American Metropolis (2001)", "Beyond the Ruins: The Meanings of Deindustrialization (2003)",
"The Urban Experience: Economics, Society, and Public Policy (2008)".
Government service.
In 1995, Bluestone served as policy staff member for Congressman Richard Gephardt Democratic Leader of the U.S. House of Representatives.

</doc>
<doc id="19840516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840516" title="Dejan Martinović">
Dejan Martinović

Dejan Martinović (born July 19, 1983 in Doboj) is a Bosnian footballer who is playing as midfielder for NK Čelik Zenica. He also has Croatian nationality.

</doc>
<doc id="19840522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840522" title="Irwin River">
Irwin River

The Irwin River is a river in the Mid West of Western Australia. It was named on 9 April 1839 by the explorer George Grey, while on his second disastrous exploration expedition along the Western Australian coast, after his friend Major Frederick Irwin, the Commandant of the Swan River settlement, and later acting Governor of Western Australia from 1847 to 1848.
The headwaters of the Irwin are located below Canna near Pindar. The river flows west until discharging into Arurine Bay near Dongara.
The river has four tributaries: Lockier River, Sand Plain Creek, Nangetty Creek and Mullewa Creek.
The river occasionally floods as it did in 1945 following a severe storm that swept over the area. The river broke its banks and caused extensive damage including the loss of 450 sheep that were swept away from a farm that straddled the river.

</doc>
<doc id="19840526" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840526" title="William Louis, Prince of Anhalt-Harzgerode">
William Louis, Prince of Anhalt-Harzgerode

William Louis of Anhalt-Harzgerode (Harzgerode, 18 August 1643 – Harzgerode, 14 October 1709), was a German prince of the House of Ascania and the last ruler of the principality of Anhalt-Harzgerode.
He was the eldest child and only son of Frederick, Prince of Anhalt-Harzgerode, by his first wife Johanna Elisabeth, daughter of John Louis, Prince of Nassau-Hadamar.
Life.
William Louis succeeded his father in Harzgerode when he died in 1670. From 1660 until 1668, he was the second in line to the principality of Anhalt-Bernburg, until the birth of the first son of his cousin, Prince Victor Amadeus.
Marriages.
In Laubach on 25 July 1671, William Louis married Elisabeth Albertine (b. Kassel, 6 March 1631 – d. Harzgerode, 2 January 1693), daughter of Albert Otto II, Count of Solms-Laubach. She was fourteen years his senior, and perhaps for this reason the union was childless.
In Frederiksborg near Copenhagen on 20 October 1695 William Louis married for a second time to Sophie Auguste (b. Dillenburg, 28 April 1666 - d. Usingen, 14 January 1733), daughter of Henry, Prince of Nassau-Dillenburg. This union was also childless, in spite the fact that Sophie Auguste was twenty-three years younger than William Louis.
Without any issue from his marriage, Anhalt-Harzgerode was merged back to the main line of Anhalt-Bernburg on his death, ruled at that time by his cousin Victor Amadeus.

</doc>
<doc id="19840536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840536" title="Brain Buster Puzzle Pak">
Brain Buster Puzzle Pak

Brain Buster Puzzle Pak is a puzzle video game released for Nintendo DS in Japan, North America, and the PAL region. The game is a compilation of Nikoli puzzle games including "Light Up" (called Light On), "Slitherlink", "Sudoku", "Nurikabe", and "Kakuro".

</doc>
<doc id="19840538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840538" title="NSSB">
NSSB

NSSB can refer to the following:

</doc>
<doc id="19840552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840552" title="Alessandro Nista">
Alessandro Nista

Alessandro Nista (born July 10, 1965 in Collesalvetti) is a former Italian football goalkeeper.
Nista has played with Sorrento, Pisa, Leeds United, Ancona, Parma and Torino in his career.
He is currently the goalkeeping coach for Serie A side Internazionale.

</doc>
<doc id="19840581" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840581" title="Aleksandar Petrović (footballer born 1985)">
Aleksandar Petrović (footballer born 1985)

Aleksandar Petrović (Serbian Cyrillic: Aлeкcaндap Пeтpoвић ; born February 8, 1985 in Belgrade) is a Serbian footballer.
Career.
Alexandar Petrović was born in Belgrade, He began his career in his native country, Serbia when he played for FK BASK. 
He played three seasons with FK BASK. During the 2006/07 season, he moved to FK Mladost Lucani and later on played two seasons with FK Mladost Lucani. He later on moved to FK Rad in the Serbian SuperLiga. During the 2010/11 season, he moved to FK Sloboda Point Sevojno. For the 2011 season, he played with Serbian club, FK Novi Pazar in the Serbian SuperLiga. Erly in 2012 Alexandar Petrović join to FK Radnički Niš in Serbian First League. He played a floor of year for FK Radnički Niš, and in the flight transfer market it was got by club from Uzbeksitan, the champions AFC Cup 2012 Nasaf Qarshi. The transfer sum it was informed. Fans of Nasaf Qarshi have given it a nickname - ALEX

</doc>
<doc id="19840595" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840595" title="ActionAirgun">
ActionAirgun

ActionAirgun is a commercial action shooting sports game where competitors use standardized airsoft shooting kits to shoot special courses of fire and keep track of their scores online. It is a trademarked name of ActionAirgun LLC
The format is modeled after several competitive shooting sports such as IDPA, IPSC and Cowboy Action Shooting. ActionAirgun fills a niche as a low cost entry-level action shooting sport, as the equipment used are reproductions of actual firearms such as the M1911 pistol but which use CO2 to shoot 6 mm plastic BBs.
Individuals compete solo or are a member of a fireteam. Fireteams have up to five members. An individual can compete on both levels during each season. The portable shooting range is 8’ by 16’. Spare rooms, garages, meeting rooms, basements, and gymnasiums have been used to set up a range. Courses of fire are a set of shooting instructions downloaded from the internet and used during the season to set up targets. Competition is between individuals or fireteam against fireteam. The rules of competition prohibit the modification of equipment. Everyone uses a standardized shooting kit. This sport places emphasis on the shooters skill.
Each year there are six seasons and each season is divided into six one-week stages. At the beginning of each stage competitors download courses of fire from the website. Each shooter has all week to practice and then enter their official shooting times before the next stage begins. Final results of the stage are kept secret until the beginning of the next stage. A database allows shooters from all over the world to compare their scores with other participants. During the sixth season the top competitors in the league are invited to a world championship.
The Story.
In Fall of 2001, W. Collins White an avid shooter and gun enthusiast came up with an idea for a new indoor shooting sport. Instead of having to travel to a target range why not have a personal shooting range. This new sport would use widely accepted ‘airsoft’ equipment and be shot on a range that would fit in a spare room. This idea developed into a what is now known as ActionAirgun.
The Concept.
The object of this sport is to shoot courses of fire faster than anyone else. Based on outdoor shooting sports such as IPSC, IDPA and Cowboy Action Shooting, ActionAirgun competitions are held year round on indoor ranges of 8’ x 16’. Using airsoft pistols, competitors download 3 courses of fire each week. During the week competitors practice and then upload their three best times to the website. At the conclusion of a week of shooting, competing members can review their scores and the scores of other competitors participating in the event. This weekly cycle continues for the duration of each 12-week season. Annual competition consists of three 12-week seasons and concludes with an invitational championship to determine the fastest shooter in the world.
Education and Firearm safety.
ActionAirgun reinforces safe firearm practices, good shooting technique and encourages lifelong participation in competitive shooting.
Pistol.
The design is patterned after the 1911 model semi-automatic pistol designed by John Moses Browning and made legendary in the form of the Colt M1911-A1. Unlike some live-fire and airsoft sports which use highly customized handguns, modification of the airgun is against the rules.
Magazine.
A separate magazine has a chamber that accepts a 12-gram CO2 charger and will hold up to 26 rounds of 6 mm BBs.
Holster.
A ballistic nylon holster is worn by competitors. Drawing a holstered firearm to shoot a course of fire adds an additional skill dimension to the sport. The ability to draw and fire is an important skill that is often prohibited at live-fire shooting ranges.
Timer.
A shot clock timer is worn on the wrist or held by a fellow shooter. The shot timer has buttons which start, review and reset the display. When activated, the timer will record the number of shots fired, the time between shots and elapsed time.
Ammunition.
6mm precision ground plastic BBs with a mass of .20 grams.
Target System.
Ten polyurethane targets measuring 3” x 2” x 1” are used as ‘shoot’ and ‘no-shoot’ targets. One side of the target is colored gold and represents a ‘shoot’ target. The other side of the target is colored red and represents a ‘no-shoot’ target. Targets are placed on one or two target stands. Target stands are 48” long x 18”wide x 18”high. The top surface of each corrugated fiberboard target stand contains 68-3” hexagonal target positions with 25-3” hexagonal target positions on each end.
Targets are placed in various patterns and the target stands can be configured in a large number of different ways.
Range Specifications.
The range is 8’ wide and 16 feet long with a fabric backstop placed behind the target stands to stop BBs. At the up range end are three shooter boxes measuring 3’ deep and 32” in width.
Courses of Fire.
Courses of fire are described as a set of shooting instructions. Each course of fire specifies how the shooting range will be configured. A typical course of fire includes, where the shooter stands and how they move, the number of targets and the order of fire, the arrangement of target stands, where the airgun will be located and with how many BBs. Some courses of fire may require the use of a second magazine of ammunition depending on the number of targets. In addition special items can be used such as, chairs, tables, boxes, other props.
Season Structure.
Each shooting year begins in January. There are six 6-week seasons during the shooting year with approximately two week breaks in between. Shooter's who perform well during the regular seasons can qualify for the championship. At the end of the regular shooting, top shooters will be invited to compete in the ActionAirgun Championship Cup which is a live competition.
Internet Support.
Competitors communicate with other members using an internet forum. There, shooters can organize events, provide tips and check up on the performance of competitors. Courses of fire are downloaded and official scores are uploaded to the database.
Scoring.
Participants shoot three courses of fire each week, shooting for the fastest times. The three best times are uploaded to the website where they are compiled. Scores for the week are kept secret until the end of the shooting week. Competitors then log on to the website to view the rankings.
Demographics.
As this is a global sport, provision is made on the database for participants to compare their shooting with other shooters in a search able database of everyone else in the league.
Penalties.
Penalties result in the addition of time to the base shooting score. Flagrant safety violations, modification of equipment or not following officials’ instructions can result in disqualification. Official Rules

</doc>
<doc id="19840602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840602" title="Julius Léopold Eduard Avé-Lallemant">
Julius Léopold Eduard Avé-Lallemant

Julius Léopold Eduard Avé-Lallemant (July 4, 1803 – May 17, 1867) was a German botanist who was a native of Lübeck.
From 1838 to 1855 he performed his scientific work in St. Petersburg. Botanists Friedrich Ernst Ludwig von Fischer (1782–1854) and Carl Anton von Meyer (1795–1855) named the plant genus "Lallemantia" from the family Lamiaceae in his honor. Avé-Lallemant was the author of "De plantis quibusdam Italiae borealis et Germaniae australis rarioribus" (1829). He was also an entomologist.

</doc>
<doc id="19840609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840609" title="The Wide Country">
The Wide Country

The Wide Country is an American Western television series which aired on NBC from September 20, 1962 to April 25, 1963. 
Synopsis.
The series stars Earl Holliman and Andrew Prine as brothers, Mitch and Andy Guthrie, respectively, who are traveling rodeo competitors. In the recurring story line, older, wiser brother Mitch, a champion bronco rider, discourages Andy from following in Mitch's footsteps.
The pilot for the series entitled "Second Chance" was aired on March 13, 1962, on the anthology series "Alcoa Premiere" on ABC. "The Wide Country" is similar to the ABC series "Stoney Burke", starring Jack Lord as a rodeo performer, which aired thirty-two episodes during the same season.
"The Wide Country" faced tough competition from ABC's "The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet" and "The Donna Reed Show" and CBS's "Mr. Ed" and the first half of the legal drama, "Perry Mason" starring Raymond Burr. The series was canceled after one season.
DVD release.
On November 15, 2011, Timeless Media Group will release "Wide Country- The Complete Television Series" on DVD in Region 1 for the first time. The 8-disc set will feature all 28 episodes of the series.

</doc>
<doc id="19840626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840626" title="Human Highway (band)">
Human Highway (band)

Human Highway is a Canadian indie rock band formed in 2008 in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. The band's name is a reference to the Neil Young song "Human Highway" as suggested by founding member Nicholas Thorburn after attending a Neil Young concert.
History.
The band started while Jim Guthrie was on tour with Islands, and Thorburn asked him for help with a song called "My Beach". Their style is influenced by 1960s and 1970s AM radio pop music — Guthrie has cited The Everly Brothers, Roy Orbison and The Kinks as influences on the band's sound.
The duo's debut album, "Moody Motorcycle", was released on August 19, 2008 on Secret City Records in Canada and Suicide Squeeze Records in the United States. The album was recorded at Guthrie's apartment in just one week.
Members.
Human Highway consists of singer-songwriter Jim Guthrie and Nicholas Thorburn of the band Islands. Guthrie is continuing to work on his next solo album, and Thorburn continues as a member of Islands. However, both have suggested that they may work together again as Human Highway.

</doc>
<doc id="19840648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840648" title="Misericordia Community Hospital">
Misericordia Community Hospital

The Misericordia Community Hospital is an acute care hospital located in west Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. The Misericordia is home to the Institute for Reconstructive Sciences in Medicine (iRSM), a facility for reconstruction of the face, head and neck.
Main Services.
The Misericordia Community Hospital offers a wide range of services.

</doc>
<doc id="19840656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840656" title="Badminton at 1998 Asian Games">
Badminton at 1998 Asian Games

Medal winners.
Men's Singles
Men's Doubles
Men's Team
Women's Singles
Women's Doubles
Women's Team
Mixed Doubles

</doc>
<doc id="19840668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840668" title="Air Ecosse">
Air Ecosse

Air Ecosse was a Scottish commuter airline based in Aberdeen operating in the late 1970s to mid-1980s. They flew between Aberdeen and cities in northern England, such as Liverpool and Carlisle as well as to Edinburgh and Glasgow. They also carried out mail flights for the Royal Mail. Air Ecosse was a subsidiary of Fairflight Charters based at Biggin Hill. The company was bought out of administration by Peregrine Airways of Aberdeen and the new company became Aberdeen Airways (Callsign: Granite). Aberdeen Airways subsequently also filed for bankruptcy protection, moved to East Midlands (EMA) and finally died.

</doc>
<doc id="19840671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840671" title="Igor Budiša">
Igor Budiša

Igor Budiša (born 23 September 1977 in Osijek) is a Croatian football player, currently playing for NK Osijek in the Prva HNL. During his career Budiša played for a number of clubs in Croatia, Germany, Hungary, Greece, Russia and China.

</doc>
<doc id="19840675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840675" title="Cixutumumab">
Cixutumumab

Cixutumumab is a monoclonal antibody for the treatment of solid tumors.
This drug was developed by ImClone Systems Inc. under the name IMC-A12.
It is a fully human IgG1 monoclonal antibody directed against the human insulin-like growth factor-1 receptor (IGF-1R) with potential antineoplastic activity. Cixutumumab selectively binds to membrane-bound IGF-1R, thereby preventing the binding of the natural ligand IGF-1 and the subsequent activation of PI3K/AKT signaling pathway. Downregulation of the PI3K/AKT survival pathway may result in the induction of cancer cell apoptosis and may decrease cancer cellular proliferation. IGF-1R, a receptor tyrosine kinase of the insulin receptor superfamily overexpressed by many cancer cell types, stimulates cell proliferation, enables oncogenic transformation, and suppresses apoptosis; IGF-1R signaling has been implicated in tumorigenesis and metastasis.

</doc>
<doc id="19840692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840692" title="Ilson Wilians Rodrigues">
Ilson Wilians Rodrigues

Ilson Wilians Rodrigues commonly known as Ilson or also as Willians (born March 12, 1979) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for América Futebol Clube (SP).

</doc>
<doc id="19840705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840705" title="List of Rosario + Vampire chapters">
List of Rosario + Vampire chapters

The Japanese manga series "Rosario + Vampire" is written and illustrated by Akihisa Ikeda. The series revolves around Tsukune Aono, a mediocre high school student who accidentally enrolls into Yokai Academy, a special school for monsters and demons. Upon his arrival, he meets Moka Akashiya, a vampire who takes a strong liking to the taste of his blood. He soon befriends other students: Kurumu Kurono, a busty succubus; Ginei Morioka, a werewolf; Yukari Sendo, a young genius witch; Ruby Tojo, another witch; and Mizore Shirayuki, a snow fairy, all of whom openly express their affections toward Tsukune. Throughout his freshman year, Tsukune encounters various antagonists such as the Protection Committee and the Anti-Schoolers, and later starts to undergo changes which will solidify his role as the link between the human and monster worlds.
"Rosario + Vampire" began monthly serialization in the August 2004 issue of "Monthly Shōnen Jump". The first "tankōbon" was released by Shueisha on October 4, 2004. Each volume features a handful of four-panel bonus comic strips and author's notes. In the Volume 7 author's notes, Ikeda mentions that he was working with a new editor. In volume 9, Ikeda mentions that the series is going to be adapted into an anime series. The tenth and final volume was released on October 4, 2007, spanning 39 chapters during its run. The reason for the ending of the series was because "Monthly Shōnen Jump" had ended its 37-year run. A bonus chapter of "Rosario + Vampire" was serialized in the September 2007 issue of "Weekly Shōnen Jump". The series is continued with "", a sequel that began monthly serialization in the November 2007 issue of "Jump Square".
The manga is licensed in North America and the United Kingdom by Viz Media under its "Shonen Jump Advanced" imprint, and in Australia and New Zealand by Madman Entertainment, with the volumes released between June 3, 2008, and November 3, 2009. Individual chapters of the series are called tests, while each volume on the English releases are called lessons.
__TOC__

</doc>
<doc id="19840737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840737" title="Jarosław Tkocz">
Jarosław Tkocz

Jarosław Tkocz (born February 25, 1973) is a retired Polish footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="19840739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840739" title="And I Love You So (Shirley Bassey album)">
And I Love You So (Shirley Bassey album)

And I Love You So is a 1972 album by Shirley Bassey. 
Released late in 1972 to positive reviews, this was Bassey's fourth album of the decade and was one of the albums which comprised her 'comeback' period of the 1970s. Unlike the earlier albums, this didn't feature any hit singles and consequently didn't fare as well as the previous three. It made No.24, and remained on the chart for 9 weeks, reaching its peak on Christmas week, resulting in higher than average sales. Singles released were "And I Love You So" (a cover of the Don McLean hit) and "The Ballad of the Sad Young Men", although the CD liner notes considers tracks "If We Only Have Love" and "The Way of Love" to be stronger single choices. The title track did however become a UK top three hit some months later for Perry Como. 
The original release was in stereo on vinyl and cassette. This album was re-issued on CD in 2000 with two bonus tracks: "If I Should Love Again" (previously only released as a B-side to "The Ballad of the Sad Young Men") and "Let Me Be the One", which was unreleased until 1994. The album was re-released again in a double pack with previous album "I Capricorn" in November 2010.
Track listing.
Side One
Side Two
CD re-issue bonus tracks: 

</doc>
<doc id="19840750" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840750" title="Moore v. East Cleveland">
Moore v. East Cleveland

Moore v. City of East Cleveland 431 U.S. 494 (1977), is a United States Supreme Court case. The Court held 5-4 that an ordinance which restricted housing to a single family and defined the family as a nuclear family, rather than an extended family, was unconstitutional and a violation of the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment.
Background.
Appellant was a grandmother who was a resident of East Cleveland, Ohio, and owned a home with her son and two grandsons, who were first cousins. The City of East Cleveland created a housing ordinance limiting occupancy of a dwelling unit to members of a single family, in part because of an influx of children from Cleveland seeking the better schools in East Cleveland. The ordinance defined a family as a nuclear family. The appellant was convicted of violating the ordinance and appealed. The City of East Cleveland then argued that the ordinance was constitutional under Village of Belle Terre v. Boraas, 416 U.S. 1 (), which upheld an ordinance imposing limits on the types of groups that could occupy a single dwelling unit.
Holding.
The Supreme Court held that the ordinance was a violation of the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment.
The Court further held that
(a) This case was distinguishable from Village of Belle Terre v. Boraas, because that ordinance only affected unrelated individuals. The ordinance here limits its definition of family to the nuclear family, a relatively new conception.
(b) When the government intrudes on choices concerning family living arrangements, the usual deference to the legislature is inappropriate, and the Court must examine carefully the importance of the governmental interests advanced and the extent to which they are served by the challenged regulation.
(c) The ordinance had a weak relationship to the objectives cited by the city such as avoiding overcrowding, traffic congestion, and an undue financial burden on the school system because a nuclear family could still have a much larger impact on these than a small group of extended family living together.
(d) The strong constitutional protection of the sanctity of the family established in numerous decisions of this Court extends to the family choice involved in this case, and is not confined within an arbitrary boundary drawn at the limits of the nuclear family (essentially a couple and their dependent children). Appropriate limits on substantive due process come not from drawing arbitrary lines, but from careful "respect for the teachings of history [and solid recognition of the basic values that underlie our society." Griswold v. Connecticut and that the history and tradition of this Nation compel a larger conception of the family.
Referring case law.
Washington v. Glucksberg, USSC 521 U.S. 702 (1997)

</doc>
<doc id="19840752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840752" title="Queen Elizabeth's Grammar School, Crediton">
Queen Elizabeth's Grammar School, Crediton

The former Queen Elizabeth's Grammar School in Crediton, Devon, England was founded (as The Kyng's Newe Gramer Scole of Credyton) in 1547 by Edward VI and re-endowed and renamed in 1559 by Elizabeth I.
History.
Foundation.
In 1547 the grammar school was founded and endowed by Edward VI. In 1559 it was "further endowed by Queen Elizabeth, who by her charter vested the patronage in the twelve governors of the church, directing them to elect four boys, under the name of Queen Elizabeth's Grammar Scholars, to each of whom 40s. are annually given: there are three exhibitions, of £6. 13s 4d each, to either of the universities, tenable for five years. "
Teaching began in 1572 in the Lady Chapel of the parish church with 10 pupils
In 1861 it moved into new premises (at St Martins Lane).
In 1911 it absorbed Dunn's School.
It was noted in Hansard in 1952 as a maintained secondary school which provided boarding.
Merger in 1966.
In 1966 the boys grammar school (between St Martins Lane and Western Road) incorporated the Crediton High School For Girls (which had been founded in 1911 on the adjoining site to the west). To accommodate the merger, a new multistorey block was built (aligned north-south) on the slope between the former schools.
Comprehensive.
In 1973 it merged with The Shelley Secondary Modern school at Barnfield, Crediton.
It now forms the Western Road campus (the upper school) of the Queen Elizabeth's Community College which is (in 2008) a state run, part boarding school, community Technology College.
School records.
Some of the school records were transferred to the Devon Record Office in 2006.
Copies of the 1547 and 1559 charters are held at the Devon Record Office (ref 2065M/SS6/4).

</doc>
<doc id="19840762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840762" title="Josh Drake">
Josh Drake

Dr. Joshua F. Drake is a musicologist and hymnist at Grove City College in Grove City, Pennsylvania. His research, writing and presentations primarily analyze the structure of 15th century Latin Christian motets, which are a category of choral musical compositions.
Drake is notable for his research and papers that challenge commonly held views regarding the relationship between words and music in motets of the late 15th century, as well as his discoveries related to the origins of the Buonaparte family. He also serves on the editorial advisory board for "The Quad" Magazine. 
While the earliest motets originated during the 13th century, the relationship between words and music in 15th century is particularly significant in the study of music because it coincides with the Protestant Reformation, which completely reordered Western society and had a profound influence on the evolution of music.
Discoveries related to the Buonaparte family.
's research into Ms. Magl.XIX 164–7 located at the Biblioteca Nazionale Centrale Firenze uncovered previously unidentified emblems in the bassus partbook. Drake's further investigations led him to suggests that the emblems should be associated with the Buonaparte family and, perhaps, with Pope Clement VII's friend and advisor Jacopo Buonaparte who witnessed and wrote an important account of the sack of Rome (1527).
Drake makes this association because of the emblems' similarity to the Buonaparte coat of arms.
The partbooks he analyzed consist of 49 Italian, 24 French secular and 13 Latin sacred musical compositions from early composers such as Josquin, Heinrich Isaac, Sebastiano Festa and Bernardo Pisano and have been essential in reconstructing the life of Pisano.
Drake also suggests that the association with the Buonaparte family helps to explain the geographical disputes that exist due to the partbooks having a Roman binding yet a Florentine script and Florentine paper. He makes this further assertion in part because the Buonaparte family was Florentine but Jacopo Buonaparte spent a great deal of time in Rome, in addition to the coat of arms in the partbooks being so similar to those of the Buonapart family.
Selected works.
Selected hymns and music.
Hymns.
• "As in the Days of Haggai When" • "Behold, What Light Rolls Back the Sky?" • "Eternal God, Mover Unmoved" • "Holy Word of God, The" • "O Christian Home" • "Spirit Binds Us to Our Lord, The"
Music.
• "Flandrensis" • "Forest Glen" • "Français" • "Honoro Patris" • "Lex Noster" • "Schultz"
Public availability of works here

</doc>
<doc id="19840767" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840767" title="David G. Armstrong">
David G. Armstrong

David G. Armstrong (born February 18, 1969) is an American podiatric surgeon and researcher most widely known for his work in amputation prevention, the diabetic foot, and wound healing. He and his frequent collaborators, Lawrence A. Lavery and Andrew J.M. Boulton, have together produced many key works in the taxonomy, classification and treatment of the diabetic foot. He is Professor of Surgery director of the Southern Arizona Limb Salvage Alliance (SALSA) at the University of Arizona and has produced more than 360 peer reviewed manuscripts and more than 50 book chapters.
Biography.
Early years.
After attending the Dunn School in Los Olivos, California, Armstrong attended Occidental College in Los Angeles and later the California College of Podiatric Medicine, where he graduated with honors{CSPM}. It was during his college years that he met his future wife, Tania C. Armstrong, on a family trip to Egypt. It is in honor of this that their first child "Alexandria" A. Armstrong, later received her name.
Armstrong performed his residency at the Kern Hospital for Special Surgery in Detroit, where much of his interest in the diabetic foot emerged{Diabetic Foot}. Additionally, it was where he became aware of the works of two influential clinician-researchers, Andrew JM Boulton, of the University of Manchester, and Paul Wilson Brand, of the Hansen's Disease Center in Carville, Louisiana.
The San Antonio years.
Following his surgical training in Detroit, Armstrong was prepared to return to Santa Maria to work in his father’s practice. Days before graduation, he was handed a letter inviting him to apply for a fellowship at the University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio{University of Texas Health Science Center San Antonio}. His visit and subsequent acceptance into the program brought him into close proximity of the next two important members of his development, Lawrence A. Lavery, then a junior faculty member, and Professor Lawrence B. Harkless, Armstrong’s chief.
Armstrong’s relationship with Lavery was, by all accounts, strong from the beginning. Lavery and Armstrong wrote an astonishing 28 manuscripts in the first nine months of his fellowship. Many of those became important foundational works in epidemiology, classification and treatment of the diabetic foot. Since that time, Armstrong and Lavery, nicknamed “the Lennon and McCartney of the Diabetic Foot”, have written more than 150 manuscripts, books and book chapters including the American Diabetes Associations "Clinical Care of the Diabetic Foot" (ISBN 1-58040-223-2){Clinical Care of the Diabetic Foot}. The two researchers credit Harkless for providing the environment for this to occur, as there had previously never existed a full-time academic podiatry faculty of this kind in an American medical school.
Following Lavery’s departure to develop a private nationwide diabetic foot program, Armstrong remained prolific, but soon grew interested in new challenges.
Tucson: first tour.
Armstrong subsequently received an invitation from Dr. Brent P. Nixon to start his own research service at the Southern Arizona VA Healthcare System in Tucson Arizona. This program, which is still in existence under the direction of Katherine Neiderer, is responsible for producing many key works in the area of diabetes care and amputation prevention. Some of the most notable were the ability to accurately monitor activity and the refinement of offloading the diabetic foot wound. Additionally, Armstrong began a close transatlantic working relationship with Professor Andrew JM Boulton in Manchester. This mentorship led to a period of intense activity and a PhD from the University of Manchester College of Medicine as well as a Master of Science in Tissue Repair of Wound Healing at Professor Keith Harding’s University of Wales College of Medicine.
It was also during this time that Armstrong was reacquainted with George Andros, a prominent vascular surgeon. This renewed friendship led to the development of the Diabetic Foot Global Conference, (DFCon).DFCon This meeting, the largest annual diabetic foot gathering in the world, hosts delegates from 50 countries and all 50 U.S. states in more than 10 medical and surgical disciplines.
During his cross-country move from Tucson to Chicago, Armstrong's father and greatest influence died. This led to an increasing determination by Armstrong to further advance the profession that had literally nurtured him.
Rosalind Franklin University, Scholl College and the "CLEAR years".
Following his tour in Tucson, Armstrong accepted an offer to serve as Professor of Surgery and Associate Dean at Scholl College of Podiatric Medicine at Rosalind Franklin University of Medicine and Science. He founded the Center for Lower Extremity Ambulatory Research (CLEAR), which rapidly became the most productive podiatric research group in the world. This program produced or recruited several key members of the field including Stephanie C. Wu, James Wrobel, Lee C. Rogers, Nicholas J. Bevilacqua, Bijan Najafi, Manish Bharara and Vickie Driver. This group produced many key works in the literature, becoming amongst the first podiatrists to be published in JAMA and the Lancet. Armstrong also became the first tenured podiatrist in the history of Rosalind Franklin University and the Scholl College.
The University of Arizona.
Armstrong, responding to his love of the Desert Southwest, the rampant diabetic epidemic there, and his long-standing friendship with renowned vascular surgeon Professor Joseph Mills, was recruited again to Tucson and the University of Arizona. It was there he founded, with Mills, the Southern Arizona Limb Salvage Alliance (SALSA) {This program serves as a model for interdisciplinary care, worldwide. It was also here that Armstrong and Mills coined the term the “Toe and Flow” team. This implies the “irreducible minimum” requirements for a foot specialist and a vascular specialist in order to run a successful amputation prevention service. As with Rosalind Franklin University, at the University of Arizona, he became the first ever podiatrist to be appointed as a tenured professor. It was also here that his interests in a merger between consumer electronics and health care began to flourish. He and Mills became the first surgeons to document a real-time [http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21559249 surgical consultation via iPhone's FaceTime with their colleague (and Armstrong's former fellow), Lee C. Rogers. The SALSA vision for merging man and machine was further outlined in his UA College of Science Lecture "Repair, Regeneration and Replacement Revisited".
In 2012, Armstrong recruited Dr. Bijan Najafi from Rosalind Franklin University to help lead a mobile health program to, as he put it, "measure how we all move through and interact with our world". Dr. Najafi, previously at Rosalind Franklin University and Harvard, embarked on development of a broad-based program called the Interdisciplinary Consortium on Advanced Motion Performance (iCAMP). {[http://surgery.arizona.edu/unit/center/iCAMP/overview]}.
Recognition of the disease and of the investigator.
During the course of his career, Armstrong has been acknowledged with awards by numerous organizations. In response to his hundreds of lectures in more than 40 nations, worldwide, Armstrong was selected as one of the first six International Wound Care Ambassadors. He was honored with the inaugural Georgetown Distinguished Award for Diabetic Limb Salvage. In 2010, he was the youngest ever recipient of the Roger Pecoraro Award and Lectureship from the American Diabetes Association, widely viewed as a lifetime achievement award in the field of the diabetic foot. That same year, he was also named the 2010 Honorary Fellow of the American College of Certified Wound Specialists as well as the inaugural recipient of the William S. Baer Award for Advances in Biosurgery/Biotherapy by the International Conference on Biotherapy. He frequently offers that these awards are more "recognitions of the importance of the problem" and of "the acknowledgement of the profession in the care of people at risk."
Armstrong is past Chair of Scientific Sessions for the ADA’s Foot Care Council, and a past member of the National Board of Directors of the American Diabetes Association. He sits on the Infectious Diseases Society of America’s Diabetic Foot Infection Advisory Committee. In 2011, he was appointed Chair of the World Diabetic Foot Commission of the FIP, representing clinicians from more than 30 nations. Dr. Armstrong has also been conferred the title of Visiting Professor at the University of Manchester College of Medicine, the University of Cardiff College of Medicine, the Raine Visiting Professor at University of Western Australia and the Complutense University of Madrid.
In 2006, Armstrong was awarded the Father of the Year Award by the National Father's Day Council and the Chicago Area American Diabetes Association. He lives in Tucson with his wife Tania and three daughters Alexandria, Natalie and Nina.

</doc>
<doc id="19840769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840769" title="Louise Jopling">
Louise Jopling

Louise Jane Jopling (née Goode, later Rowe) (16 November 1843 – 19 November 1933) was an English painter of the Victorian era, and one of the most prominent women artists of her generation.
Early life.
Louise Goode was born in Manchester, fifth child of railway contractor T. S. Goode. She married at seventeen to civil servant Frank Romer. The Baroness de Rothschild, a connection of Romer's, encouraged Louise to pursue and develop her art. In the later 1860s, she studied in Paris with Charles Joshua Chaplin and Alfred Stevens, and first exhibited her work at the Salon. She entered works into the Royal Academy shows, 1870–73 (as Louise Romer). After Romer's 1872 death, she married Vanity Fair artist Joseph Middleton Jopling in 1874, who in 1888 was best man at Whistler's wedding to Beatrix Godwin.
She achieved fair success in her career: her painting "Five O'Clock Tea" was sold for ₤400 in 1874. Her "Five Sisters of York" was shown at the Philadelphia Exposition in 1876, and her "The Modern Cinderella" at the Paris Exposition of 1878. Yet she was not immune to the gender discrimination of her time: in 1883 she sought a portrait commission for 150 guineas, but lost it to Sir John Everett Millais, who was paid 1000 guineas for the same project.
She joined the Society of Women Artists (1880) and the Royal Society of Portrait Painters (1891); she became the first woman to be admitted to the Royal Society of British Artists (1901). During the years of her marriage with Jopling, she became the primary earner of the family. It is said that, "She found this responsibility weighty and stressful, necessitating constant production, regular sales and a continual search for commissions and clients. In 1879, despite her own illness and that of her son Percy, she produced eighteen works."
Social life.
Jopling "painted portraits of titled sitters, wealthy financiers and actresses" and, to operate in this social milieu, she maintained a fashionable lifestyle, with a Chelsea studio designed by William Burges. She moved in a social circle that included Lady Colin Campbell, Kate Greenaway, James Tissot, and Edward Burne-Jones. Augustus Dubourg dedicated his 1892 play "Angelica" to her. In 1887 the society magazine "The Lady’s World" described her social circle, 
One year we have her portrait, magnificently sketched by Millais, adorning the walls of the Grosvenor; next season she figures as the heroine of a ‘society’ novel from the pen of a popular writer. One week we see her salon drawn by Mr. Du Maurier in Punch, with sketches from the life of herself and her friends; the week after she appears under another name as the heroine of one of those quasi-malicious town and country tales which amuse the readers of a society paper… 
Over the mantelpiece hangs the portrait, by her old friend Sir John Millais, which made such a sensation at the Grosvenor a year or two ago…Here Mr. James Whistler and Mr. Oscar Wilde are always to be found, discussing the eternal problems of art; while Sir John Millais, Mr. Sargent and Mr. George Boughton are sworn allies of the subject of our sketch. The Ladies Archibald and Walter Campbell rarely miss a party.
It was at an 1883 party at the Joplings' house that Whistler had a famous exchange with Oscar Wilde. In response to a witticism of Whistler's, Wilde remarked, "How I wish I had said that." Whistler replied, "You will, Oscar, you will."
Like some other women painters (Kate Perugini and Marie Spartali Stillman are examples), Jopling also served as a model and subject for other artists. Both Millais and James Abbott McNeill Whistler painted portraits of her. Whistler praised Millais' picture as "a great work" and "a superb portrait."
Later life.
Joseph Jopling died in 1884 and Louise married lawyer George W. Rowe in 1887 continuing to use Jopling's name professionally. She established her own school of painting for women and, also in 1887, wrote several pieces on the subject of art teaching. She championed the right of female art students to work directly from live models as the Royal Academy only allowed its female students to observe male models "carefully draped" in 1893, and her friend Whistler distributed the prizes at her school. 
Louise Jopling was a long-term supporter of the National Union of Women's Suffrage, and active in feminist causes. She served as a vice-president of the Healthy and Artistic Dress Union, a short-lived organization of the first decade of the twentieth century. She published a book of art instruction, and an autobiography, "Twenty Years of My Life". She also wrote some poetry.

</doc>
<doc id="19840781" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840781" title="Walter Washington (disambiguation)">
Walter Washington (disambiguation)

Walter Washington (1915–2003) was an American politician.
Walter Washington may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19840801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840801" title="In This Defiance">
In This Defiance

In This Defiance is the second full length album release by Californian hardcore band Strife.

</doc>
<doc id="19840808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840808" title="Conatumumab">
Conatumumab

Conatumumab (originally AMG 655) is a monoclonal antibody developed for the treatment of cancer. it is a fully human monoclonal agonist antibody directed against the extracellular domain of human TRAIL (tumor necrosis factor-related apoptosis-inducing ligand) receptor 2 (TR-2, death receptor 5) with potential antineoplastic activity. Conatumumab mimics the activity of native TRAIL, binding to and activating TR-2, thereby activating caspase cascades and inducing tumor cell apoptosis. TR-2 is expressed by a variety of solid tumors and cancers of hematopoietic origin.
The drug was developed by Amgen Inc.
Clinical trials.
It will be included in the forthcoming I-SPY2 breast cancer trial.

</doc>
<doc id="19840857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840857" title="Geraldo dos Santos Júnior">
Geraldo dos Santos Júnior

Geraldo dos Santos Júnior commonly known as Gelson (born January 10, 1979) is a Brazilian footballer currently playing for F.C. Aboomoslem.
Club career.
He joined Aboomoslem in 2010 but could not help them to stay in the top division.

</doc>
<doc id="19840882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840882" title="Nate Teut">
Nate Teut

Nathan Mark Teut (pronounced "TOYT") (born March 11, 1976 in Newton, Iowa) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the Florida Marlins in . He was drafted in the 4th round of the 1997 Major League Baseball Draft by the Chicago Cubs. Neut spent one year each in the Marlins and Milwaukee Brewers organizations, but spent most of his career in the Cubs organization.

</doc>
<doc id="19840891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840891" title="WITT (FM)">
WITT (FM)

WITT (91.9 FM) is a non-commercial educational radio station licensed to serve Zionsville, Indiana, USA. The station is owned by Kids First Incorporated. WITT airs a community radio format.
History.
Almost nine years after their initial application was filed in September 1998, this station received its original construction permit from the Federal Communications Commission on May 30, 2007. The new station was assigned the call letters WITT by the FCC on June 7, 2007. Regular broadcast operations began in June 2009.
WITT employs a unique format-less, format; in essence its programming is widely varied and ever changing. In addition, WITT encourages local listeners to produce shows for broadcast as well as airs programming from throughout the world. WITT is non-commercial station which relies on listener financial support as well as donations by various corporations. WITT has no paid-employees, as all work at the station is done on a volunteer basis. WITT is operated largely by its General Manager Jim Walsh and Chief Engineer Matt Masters.

</doc>
<doc id="19840917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840917" title="Foravirumab">
Foravirumab

Foravirumab is a monoclonal antibody for the prophylaxis of rabies.

</doc>
<doc id="19840943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840943" title="Hristijan Kirovski">
Hristijan Kirovski

Hristijan Kirovski (; born 12 October 1985) is a Macedonian footballer who currently plays as a forward for GKS Bełchatów in Poland.
Career.
Club.
Kirovski began playing football with local side FK Vardar. He joined OFK Belgrade for 3.5 years, spending the last six months on loan at Ukrainian Premier League side FC Metalurh Zaporizhya. After his contract with OFK was finished, Kirovski moved to Cyprus to join Ethnikos Achna FC for six months. He returned to Vardar, where he enjoyed success, scoring 11 goals in 10 matches. However at age 21, Ukrainian Premier League side FC Karpaty Lviv acquired Kirovski in August 2007. In January 2013 Kirovski signed for Greek Football League club Iraklis. He joined Bulgarian club CSKA Sofia in mid July 2013, signing a two-year contract with the team.
International.
Kirovski played in no less than two occasion for Macedonia, the last being against Albania on 12 November 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19840970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840970" title="USS Wachapreague (AGP-8)">
USS Wachapreague (AGP-8)

USS "Wachapreague" (AGP-8) was a motor torpedo boat tender that served in the United States Navy from 1944 to 1946.
Construction and deployment.
"Wachapreague" (AVP-56) was laid down as a "Barnegat"-class seaplane tender on 1 February 1943 at Houghton Washington, by the Lake Washington Shipyard. She was reclassified as a motor torpedo boat tender and redesignated AGP-8 on 2 February 1943. She was launched on 10 July 1943, sponsored by Mrs. E. L. Barr, and commissioned on 17 May 1944, Lieutenant Commander Harold A. Stewart, USNR, in command.
Following her shakedown training out of San Diego, California, "Wachapreague" got underway on 18 July 1944 for Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, en route to the South Pacific. Soon thereafter, she stopped briefly at Espiritu Santo, New Hebrides, and called at Brisbane, Australia, on 17 August 1944, before reaching her ultimate destination, Milne Bay, New Guinea, on 20 August 1944.
"Wachapreague" dropped anchor at Motor Torpedo Boat Base 21, at that time the largest patrol torpedo boat (PT boat) operating base in the Pacific. She reported to Commander, Motor Torpedo Boats, 7th Fleet, and commenced tending the 10 PT boats from Motor Torpedo Boat Squadron (MTBRon) 12. This unit had previously taken a heavy toll of Japanese barge traffic and had wreaked much havoc upon Japanese shore installations, in almost nightly actions, during the New Guinea campaign. As Allied forces wrapped up the New Guinea operations, "Wachapreague" received an additional five PT boats from Motor Torpedo Boat Squadron 7 (MTBRon 7) as the Navy prepared for operations to liberate the Philippines from Japanese occupation.
The Philippines campaign.
The Leyte campaign begins.
On 13 October 1944, "Wachapreague" sailed in company with motor torpedo boat tenders USS Oyster Bay (AGP-6) and USS "Willoughby" (AGP-9), seaplane tender USS "Half Moon" (AVP-26), and two United States Army craft for Leyte, 1,200 nautical miles (2,222 kilometers) away. The 45 torpedo boats were convoyed by the larger ships, refuelled while underway at sea, and successfully completed the voyage under their own power. Slowing to 9 knots, "Wachapreague" fueled two torpedo boats simultaneously, one alongside to starboard and one astern, eventually replenishing the fuel supply of all 15 of her brood. A brief two-day respite at Kossol Roads, Palau, for repairs and a further refueling of the PT boats, preceded the final leg of the voyage.
While "Wachapreague" dropped anchor at northern San Pedro Bay off Leyte, her PT boats, fresh and ready for action immediately, entered Leyte Gulf on 21 October 1944, the day after the initial landings on Leyte. On 24 October 1944, "Wachapreague" shifted to Liloan Bay, a small anchorage off Panoan Island, 65 nautical miles (120 kilometers) south of San Pedro Bay, which scarcely afforded the ship room to swing with the tide. Soon after her arrival at Liloan Bay, "Wachapreague" contacted the Philippine guerrilla radio network for a mutual exchange of information as to Japanese forces in the area.
The Battle of Leyte Gulf.
On the afternoon of 24 October 1944, upon receipt of word that three powerful Japanese task forces were approaching from three directions, PT boats tended by "Wachapreague" sped to action stations. In the van of the southern Japanese force steamed two battleships and a heavy cruiser, screened by four destroyers; 30 nautical miles (56 kilometers) behind came the second group, consisting of three cruisers and four destroyers. The American PT boats met the Japanese southern force head-on; three coordinated destroyer torpedo attacks soon followed; while American battleships and cruisers under Rear Admiral Jesse B. Oldendorf deployed across the northern end of Surigao Strait to "cross the T." The devastation the American warships wreaked upon the Japanese force was nearly total. Only one Japanese ship—destroyer "Shigure" emerged from what became known as the Battle of Surigao Strait.
PT boats from MTBRon 12 then threw the second task group off balance at the head of the strait, slamming a torpedo into the side of light cruiser "Abukuma" and forcing "Abukuma" out of the battle line, badly damaged. The Japanese flagship, heavy cruiser "Nachi", collided with another ship in the melee and found her own speed reduced to 18 knots. This second echelon of Japanese ships, correctly surmising that the first had fallen upon some hard times, then fled, hotly pursued by American planes which administered the "coup de grace" to sink the already crippled "Abukuma" and destroyer "Shiranuhi" on 26 October 1944.
MTBron 12's actions and the Battle of Surigao Strait itself were part of the larger Battle of Leyte Gulf of 23 October to 26 October 1944, a decisive defeat to the Imperial Japanese Navy from which it never recovered. Yet, while the Japanese capacity for seaborne operations lessened, they nevertheless could still strike back from the skies. While the crew of "Wachapreague" labored to repair the badly damaged torpedo boat USS "PT-194" on 25 October 1944, a Japanese plane attacked the ship, only to be driven off by a heavy anti-aircraft barrage. Later that day, "Wachapreague" shifted to Hinunagan Bay for refuelling operations that would enable her six PT boats to return to San Pedro Bay. Japanese nuisance attacks from the air continued, however, and a dive bomber attacked "Wachapreague" just as she was completing fueling operations with USS "PT-134". As the "PT-134" pulled away from "Wachapreague"'s side, a Japanese bomb landed some 18 feet (5.5 meters) from the PT boat's stern, killing one man and wounding four on board "PT-134". Moving out under cover of a smoke screen, "Wachapreague" vacated her anchorage just before 14 Japanese planes struck and, while clearing the bay, fired on three twin-motored Mitsubishi G4M "Betty" bombers, claiming two kills as one "Betty" crashed into the sea and a second, trailing smoke, crashed behind a nearby island.
The Leyte Campaign concludes.
"Wachapreague" arrived at San Pedro Bay late on 26 October 1944 and conducted tending operations at that site until 13 November 1944. During this time, her PT boats operated with devastating effect against Japanese shipping in the Ormoc Bay and Mindanao Sea areas. On 13 November 1944, her task completed in those waters for the time being, "Wachapreague" sailed in company with "Willoughby" for Mios Woendi. Returning two weeks later, Wachapreague now tended a total of 22 PT boat -- from Motor Torpedo Boat Squadrons (MTBRons) 13, 16, and 28 -— as well as six more from Motor Torpedo Boat Squadron (MTBRon) 36 and two from Motor Torpedo Boat Squadron (MTBRon) 17, at San Pedro Bay. "Wachapreague" remained at San Pedro until 4 January 1945, when she headed for Lingayen, on Luzon, in company with MTBRons 28 and 36.
The Luzon campaign.
At noon on the day of departure, 4 January 1945, a Japanese suicide aircraft dived into a merchant ship 100 yards (91 meters) ahead. At dusk, seven Japanese planes attacked; one of them crashed in the sea some 100 yards ahead of "Wachapreague", another came under fire as it plunged toward the merchant ship SS "Kyle V. Johnson", and a third headed for "Wachapreague", only to be knocked into the sea by a heavy antiaircraft barrage. Later that evening, USS "PT-382" came alongside "Wachapreague" and transferred two men they had rescued from the water who had been blown overboard from "Kyle V. Johnson" during the earlier heavy air action.
"Wachapreague" entered Lingayen Gulf on 13 January 1945 and anchored near the town of Damortis. On 16 January 1945, she shifted her anchorage to Port Sual to tend PT boats from MTBRons 28 and 36. These boats gradually extended their patrols northward to the coastal towns of Vigan City and Aparri, wreaking havoc on Japanese barge traffic and shipping along the northwest coast of Luzon, shelling shore installations and destroying some 20 barges. "Wachapreague" meanwhile continued to make all electrical and engine repairs for the squadron PT boats and handled all major communications for the motor torpedo boat squadrons until she departed Lingayen on 12 March 1945 to replenish at Leyte.
The Borneo campaign.
Underway again on 23 April 1945, "Wachapreague" accompanied MTBRon 36 to Dutch North Borneo and took part in the invasion of Tarakan Island. While the guns still pounded the shore and the invasion itself was underway, "Wachapreague" entered the Tarakan Bay on 1 May 1945 to establish an advance base for her PT boats. For the next four months, until the end of World War II in August 1945, "Wachapreague" operated from this bay, tending MTBRon 36 PT boats while they in turn conducted daily offensive runs up the coast of Borneo.
In the course of these operations, the PT boats sought out and destroyed Japanese shipping at Tawao, Cowie Harbor, Noneokan, Dutch North Borneo, shelling and rocketing shore installations. As the Japanese later attempted evacuation by small boats and rafts, the PT boats netted some 30 prisoners. In addition to these tasks, the PT boats assisted landing ship tank (LST) retractions from the beachheads by speeding across the water astern of the landing ships and creating swells which enabled the LST's to back off the beach and float free.
Post-World War II Navy career.
"Wachapreague" tended PT's after the end of the war, basing at Tarakan, until she headed home and arrived at San Francisco, California, on 5 December 1945. After upkeep at the Mare Island Naval Shipyard, "Wachapreague" got underway for the East Coast of the United States on 20 March 1946 and reported at Boston, Massachusetts, on 6 April 1946 for inactivation. She was decommissioned on 10 May 1946 and transferred outright to the United States Coast Guard on 27 May 1946. Her name was struck from the Navy List on 5 June 1946.
"Wachapreague" received four battle stars for her World War II service.
United States Coast Guard career.
In Coast Guard service, "Wachapreague" was renamed USCGC "McCulloch" in honor of the financier Hugh McCulloch (1808-1895) who served as Secretary of the Treasury for Presidents Abraham Lincoln, Andrew Johnson, and Chester A. Arthur, reclassified as a Coast Guard seaplane tender, and designated WAVP-386. "McCulloch" initially operated out of Boston, and later into the 1970s out of Wilmington, North Carolina, patrolling ocean stations in the North Atlantic Ocean. Spending an average of 21 days per month at sea, "McCulloch" patrolled the direct line of air routes to Europe, relayed weather data to the United States Weather Bureau, maintained an air-sea rescue station for overseas civilian and military flights, and engaged in law-enforcement activities. Reclassified as a High Endurance Cutter and redesignated WHEC-386 in 1966, "McCulloch" remained engaged in these duties until more modern techniques of weather reporting and data gathering came into use and thus made the seagoing weather ships obsolete.
Career in foreign navies.
Republic of Vietnam Navy service 1972-1975.
"McCulloch" was transferred to South Vietnam in June 1972, one of seven former "Barnegat"-class ships transferred by the Coast Guard to the South Vietnamese Navy in 1971 and 1972. In South Vietnamese service she was renamed RVNS "Ngo Quyen" (HQ-17). She served as one of South Vietnam's largest and most heavily armed naval units, and served in patrol and coastal interdiction duties during the Vietnam War. In late April 1975, upon the defeat of South Vietnam, "Ngo Quyen", heavily laden with refugees, fled to the Philippines. As she and her sisters had become ships without a country, "Ngo Quyen" was acquired by the Republic of the Philippines in 1975, and the transfer was made formal on 5 April 1976.
Philippine Navy service 1977-1985.
The former "Ngo Quyen" was commissioned in the Philippine Navy in February 1977 as patrol vessel BRP "Gregorio del Pilar" (PF-8) until decommissioned in 1985. She was discarded in April 1990 and probably scrapped.

</doc>
<doc id="19840975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840975" title="David George McQueen">
David George McQueen

David George McQueen (1854–1930) was a Presbyterian minister who spent much of his career in the city of Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.
He moved to Edmonton in 1887 upon graduation from Knox College, University of Toronto, and served for 43 years as minister at First Presbyterian Church. He also played a role in the founding of several other Edmonton area congregations.
The neighbourhood of McQueen is named in his honour.
He was awarded an honorary degree by the University of Alberta in 1915.
Mount McQueen in the Canadian Rockies was named in his honour in 1953.

</doc>
<doc id="19840982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840982" title="The Black Cat (1981 film)">
The Black Cat (1981 film)

Plot.
The film is about a detective who investigates the recent deaths of many in a small village. He sees they lead to a psychic professor who turns the spirits into his cat, which he uses to cause harm to others.
Release.
The film was given a limited release theatrically in the United States by World Northal in February 1984.
The film has been released on DVD in America by Anchor Bay Entertainment and Blue Underground and in the UK by Salvation Films and Shameless Screen Entertainment.
Critical reception.
Allmovie wrote, "As usual, conjures up a spooky atmosphere with effortless skill – a scene with Patrick Magee wandering through a fog-shrouded graveyard at night is truly creepy – but the film's meandering script makes it sputter when it should be building in intensity. Thus, "The Black Cat" never rises above being an exercise in style".

</doc>
<doc id="19840984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840984" title="OH8">
OH8

OH 8 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19840988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19840988" title="OH 9">
OH 9

OH 9 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19841003" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841003" title="Apple Grove">
Apple Grove

Apple Grove may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19841006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841006" title="Rafivirumab">
Rafivirumab

Rafivirumab is a monoclonal antibody for the prophylaxis of rabies.

</doc>
<doc id="19841080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841080" title="National Socialist Schoolchildren's League">
National Socialist Schoolchildren's League

The National Socialist Schoolchildren's League (Nationalsozialistischer Schülerbund), known under the acronyms NSS and also, more rarely NSSB, was a National Socialist organisation for primary school pupils providing a student council and child protection system in Germany from 1929 till 1933. 
History.
The league began roughly around 1927 as the "Hitler Jugend-Schülergruppen". It was established as the "Nationalsozialistischer Schülerbund" by Adrian von Renteln in 1929 by unifying the scattered groups under one authority. 
In 1929 Von Renteln became the leader of the Hitler Youth, an organisation he would clearly favour and to which he would give increasingly wider powers. Von Renteln would stay as leader "(Reichsführer)" of the National Socialist Schoolchildren's League until the 16th June 1932.
The NSS targeted small children of schoolgoing age who went on to become the harbingers of Nazism.
The National Socialist Schoolchildren's League was merged to the Hitler Youth on the 20th May 1933. The event was marked with a youth-group celebration.

</doc>
<doc id="19841090" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841090" title="Ramucirumab">
Ramucirumab

Ramucirumab (IMC-1121B) is a fully human monoclonal antibody (IgG1) being developed for the treatment of solid tumors. It is directed against the vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2 (VEGFR2). By binding to VEGFR2 it works as a receptor antagonist blocking the binding of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) to VEGFR2. VEGFR2 is known to mediate the majority of the downstream effects of VEGF in angiogenesis.
Ramucirumab is being tested in several phase III clinical trials for the treatment of metastatic gastric adenocarcinoma, non-small cell lung cancer, among other types of cancer. On September 26, 2013 Eli Lilly announced that its Phase III study for ramucirumab failed to hit its primary endpoint on progression-free survival among women with metastatic breast cancer.
This drug was developed by ImClone Systems Inc. It was isolated from a native phage display library from Dyax.

</doc>
<doc id="19841101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841101" title="Kingsley Junior High School">
Kingsley Junior High School

Kingsley Junior High School is a public school in Normal, Illinois that opened in 2003. It was used as Normal Community High School until they moved across town in 2003. The mascot is the Cavaliers and the school colors are orange and black. They have won one state title in 8th Grade Volleyball in 2006 and the 2007 8th Grade Basketball team were the runner-ups in the State Tournament. The 2008 8th Grade Girls Cross Country team also made it to State. The 2008 6th and 7th Grade Girls Basketball team were the runner-ups in the State Tournament. In 2009 the 8th Grade Girls Basketball team placed 4th in state. Their cheerleading and poms team are well known as well. The poms team placed 7th in the nation after competing in Orlando, Florida for the U.D.A. National Championship 2010. 
In the 2010-2011 school year, Kingsley had their 8th grade boys baseball team get 3rd in state. The 7th grade girls basketball team won the state championship. Next to continue, the boys 7th grade basketball team also won the state title. Finally, the 8th grade boys basketball team won the state championship and gave Kingsley the record for most state championships in basketball for one year. In the 2011-2012 school season, the 7th grade girls basketball team won 2nd in the state tournament, and the 8th grade girls earned back to back state titles as the 2011 champions. The 8th grade boys have a chance for repeat titles as well, as they return to once again meet up with Bolingbrook Jane Adams for a repeat championship game match up to take home the 1st place title again. But now that the state championship is over, we can proudly announce that KJHS 8th grade boys basketball DID win 1st in the state.

</doc>
<doc id="19841118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841118" title="Angermeans">
Angermeans

Angermeans is the third full length album release by Californian hardcore band Strife.

</doc>
<doc id="19841120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841120" title="Never Never Never">
Never Never Never

Never Never Never is a 1973 album by Shirley Bassey. Released in May 1973, this album saw a peak in the Shirley Bassey career revival that she was experiencing during the early 1970s. The album's lead single, the title track had been a hit, reaching No.8 in the UK Charts and remaining in the top 50 for 19 weeks, becoming one of her biggest and most well-known hits, and her only single to make three US charts: No. 48 on the Billboard Hot 100, No.8 on the Adult Contemporary Chart, and No. 67 on the R&B Chart. The album soon followed and similarly entered the top 10, peaking at No. 10 during a 10 week run, and would go on to earn a silver disc. The album also was a hit in the US, peaking at No. 60 on the Billboard 200 amid positive reviews; it also hit No. 34 on the R&B Chart.
The original release was in stereo on vinyl (with a gatefold sleeve), and cassette. Photography for this album was by Lord Snowdon. The album was released in remastered form by BGO records in a 2 CD pack together with her 1975 album "Good, Bad but Beautiful" in 2005.
Track listing.
Side One
Side Two

</doc>
<doc id="19841138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841138" title="Walter Schloss">
Walter Schloss

Walter J. Schloss (August 28, 1916 – February 19, 2012) was a well-regarded value investor, as well as a notable disciple of the Benjamin Graham school of investing. He died of leukemia at the age of 95.
Biography.
Schloss did not attend college and was initially hired at the age of 18 as a runner on Wall Street in 1934. Schloss took investment courses taught by Graham at the New York Stock Exchange Institute. One of his classmates was Gus Levy, the future chairman of Goldman Sachs. He eventually went to work for Graham in the Graham-Newman Partnership.
In 1955, Schloss left Graham's company and started his own investment firm, eventually managing money for 92 investors. By maintaining a manageable asset size, Schloss averaged a 15.3% compound return over the course of four and a half decades, versus 10% for the S&P 500.
Schloss closed out his fund in 2000 and stopped actively managing others' money in 2003.
He served four years in the U.S. Army during World War II.
Warren Buffett named him as one of "The Superinvestors of Graham-and-Doddsville", who disproved the academic position that the market was efficient, and that beating the S&P 500 was "pure chance".
Warren Buffett had this to say about Schloss: He knows how to identify securities that sell at considerably less than their value to a private owner: And that's all he does... He owns many more stocks than I do and is far less interested in the underlying nature of the business; I don't seem to have very much influence on Walter. That is one of his strengths; no one has much influence on him. 
Philanthropy.
Schloss was the Treasurer for Freedom House. and was a patron of the Tenement Museum.
His archive is held at Columbia University.
References.
Good Interview with Walter Schloss from Barron's - February 25, 1985

</doc>
<doc id="19841204" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841204" title="Askale Tafa">
Askale Tafa

Askale Tafa Magarsa (born September 27, 1984) is an Ethiopian long distance runner, who has specialised in the marathon.
In 2005 she was third in the Rome Marathon. In 2006 she won the Milan Marathon and was second at the Berlin 25 km in 1:28.13. The following year she won the Dubai Marathon and was first in the Paris Marathon in 2:25.07. At the 2007 World Championships in Athletics in Osaka she earned a 22nd place finish.
The year 2008 began with third place at the Dubai Marathon with a time of 2:23.23, finishing 41 seconds behind the winner. In the Boston Marathon, she was fifth. In the 2008 Berlin Marathon she finished second in a new personal best time of 2:21:31. She took part in the 2010 London Marathon and finished fifth, just behind her compatriots Bezunesh Bekele and Aselefech Mergia. She was eleventh at the 2011 London Marathon the following year. She entered the 2011 Chicago Marathon, but was slower than her typical pace and finished eighth overall. She was the runner-up at the 2012 Seoul International Marathon, finishing just behind compatriot Feyse Tadese.
She trains in Europe with other members of the Association Rosa management group. Her husband Tola Debel Gudeta is also a long distance runner with a PB of 2:23 hours in the marathon and 1:03 in the 20 km.

</doc>
<doc id="19841224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841224" title="Hendrickson High School">
Hendrickson High School

Hendrickson High School is a high school in unincorporated Travis County, Texas, United States, north of Pflugerville. It is operated by the Pflugerville Independent School District.

</doc>
<doc id="19841225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841225" title="Malaysia–Pakistan relations">
Malaysia–Pakistan relations

Malaysia–Pakistan relations (Malay "Hubungan Malaysia-Pakistan") refers to bilateral foreign relations between the two countries, Malaysia and Pakistan. Pakistan has its High Commission in Kuala Lumpur, and Malaysia has its High Commission in Islamabad.
Diplomatic ties.
Pakistan has brotherly relations with Malaysia. Historically, Pakistan recognised Malaysia and refused to accept the non-inclusion of Brunei and the leaving of Singapore from the Federation of Malaysia, Pakistan only established relations with those countries when Malaysia had done so. Both are members of Organization of Islamic Conference (O.I.C) and the Commonwealth of Nations. There is a trade and cultural pact between the two countries, under which the import and export of various goods is done on fairly large scale. The President and the Prime Minister of Pakistan along with other high officials visited Malaysia many times and Malaysian officials also paid a good will visit to Pakistan. Both the countries enjoy close relations and links of mutual friendship and the cooperation has further strengthened.
Trade links.
Malaysia and Pakistan have signed a Free Trade Agreement known as Malaysia-Pakistan Closer Economic Partnership Agreement (MPCEPA) in Jan 2008.
Transport links.
Pakistan and Malaysia are linked by Air Transport. Pakistan International Airlines operates many flights from Karachi, Lahore and Peshawar to Kuala Lumpur.

</doc>
<doc id="19841244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841244" title="Carol Bartz">
Carol Bartz

Carol Ann Bartz (born August 28, 1948) is an American business executive, the former president and CEO of the internet services company Yahoo!, and former chairman, president, and CEO at architectural and engineering design software company Autodesk.
Early life and education.
Bartz was born in Winona, Minnesota, the daughter of Shirley Ann (née Giese) and Virgil Julius Bartz. Her mother died when Carol was eight years old. A few years later, she and her younger brother, Jim, moved from Minnesota to the home of their grandmother, Alice, on a dairy farm near Alma, Wisconsin. In high school, Bartz did well in mathematics, and was also homecoming queen. She began college at William Woods University in Fulton, Missouri, and subsequently transferred to the University of Wisconsin–Madison where she received a bachelor's degree in computer science in 1971. While in college, she supported herself as a cocktail waitress. Bartz also has two half brothers and two half sisters all living in Wisconsin and Minnesota.
Bartz was also awarded an Honorary "Doctorate of Humane Letters" degree (2002) from New Jersey Institute of Technology, an Honorary "Doctor of Science" degree from Worcester Polytechnic Institute and an honorary "Doctor of Letters" degree from William Woods University.
Career.
In 1976, Bartz went to work at the manufacturing conglomerate 3M, but left after her request to transfer to the headquarters was denied. Bartz moved on to the computer industry, including jobs at Digital Equipment Corporation and Sun Microsystems.
CEO of Autodesk.
She became CEO of Autodesk in 1992. According to "Forbes", Bartz "transformed Autodesk from an aimless maker of PC software into a leader of computer-aided design software, targeting architects and builders." She is credited with instituting and promoting Autodesk's "3F" or "fail fast-forward" concept – the idea of moulding a company to risk failure in some missions, but to be resilient and move on quickly when failure occurs. She stepped down as CEO in 2006 and became the executive chairman of the board.
Autodesk net revenue substantially increased during her 14-year tenure as the company's CEO, annual revenue rose from $300 million to $1.5 billion, with the stock price rising an average of 20 percent annually.
Bartz served on several boards of directors, including those of Intel, Cisco Systems, Autodesk, BEA Systems, Network Appliance, and the Foundation for the National Medals of Science. Additionally, she has been a member of the United States President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology.
CEO of Yahoo!
On January 13, 2009, Bartz was named CEO of Yahoo!, the Internet services company which operate the fourth most-visited Web domain name in the world, succeeding co-founder Jerry Yang. During a conference call with financial analysts later in January 2009, she announced her intention to make sure Yahoo! got "some friggin' breathing room" so the company could "kick some butt." Rob Hof of "Business Week" was skeptical that Bartz or anyone else could save the company: "... it's not yet clear if Bartz can turn Yahoo around no matter how good she may be."
In May 2009, "Reuters" reported that she had already "worked through an impressive checklist" at her new company, "upending the organizational structure, replacing executives and cutting costs, including 675 jobs, or 5 percent of the workforce." Analysts described her efforts as precisely what the company required, but, as reporter Alexei Oreskovic observed:
For Yahoo's ranks, still shell-shocked from deep cuts in 2008 — including 1,600 axed jobs — the hope that Bartz brings is increasingly mixed with a dose of fear and uncertainty. Yet broad support remains for Bartz despite the tough talk, canceled holiday parties and forced vacations that have come to define her era.
With a new round of job layoffs and the removal of a number of Yahoo! sites, "anxiety within the ranks has been exacerbated by what some say is a growing sense of secrecy", for which Bartz has a notable reputation: "The informal flow of information once common within the company has come to a halt." Bartz was also quoted to have said that she would "drop-kick to fucking Mars" employees who leak to the press. Oreskovic quoted a fearful anonymous insider: "We are all sort of wanting to believe in her because we really want to see Yahoo! turned around, but it still doesn't make it any less scary when you don't hear about what's coming up. Everything is on a need-to-know basis."
At her one year mark at Yahoo in January 2010, Bartz gave herself a "B-" grade for the job done in 2009: "It was a little tougher internally than I think I had anticipated. I did move fast, but this is a big job." Others in the media, however, rated her job higher given the challenges she had to manage.
When Bartz was hired by Yahoo in early 2009, she was paid an annual base salary of $1 million. She was eligible for an annual 400% bonus and received 5,000,000 shares in addition to an equity grant of $18 million of stock (to compensate for the forfeiture of the value of equity grants and post-employment medical coverage from her previous employer). In 2010 Bartz was named “most overpaid” CEO by proxy voting firm Glass-Lewis when she received $47.2 million in compensation.
On September 6, 2011, Bartz was removed from her position at Yahoo! (via phone call by Yahoo Chairman Roy Bostock), and CFO Tim Morse was named as Interim CEO of the company. Bartz expressed her desire to remain on the Board of Directors. However, on September 9, 2011, Bartz resigned from the company's Board of Directors.
Corporate board memberships.
Ms. Bartz has been a member of eight public company boards in the last 20 years. She is still on the board of Cisco (Since 1996).
Awards.
Bartz received the Ernst & Young Entrepreneur Of The Year© Award in 2001, which spans more than 140 cities and 50 countries worldwide. In 2005 she was included in Forbes Magazine's List of The World's 100 Most Powerful Women.
Personal life.
Bartz is a survivor of breast cancer. She is married to Bill Marr, a former executive at Data General and Sun Microsystems. They have three children: Bill, Meredith, and Layne. Her hobbies include golf, tennis, and gardening.
On balancing a career with family, Bartz says: "I have a belief that life isn't about balance, because balance is perfection ... Rather, it's about catching the ball before it hits the floor."

</doc>
<doc id="19841254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841254" title="Frankie Stevens">
Frankie Stevens

Frankie Stevens (born Francis Donald McKechnie Stevenson), MNZM, is a New Zealand entertainer and singer. He was a judge for all three seasons on the reality series "New Zealand Idol". He is the brother of singer Jon Stevens.
Early career.
He began his career at the age of 16, when he moved to Sydney, Australia to join a group called "Peter Nelson and the Castaways". After several years of touring and recording with the group, he went solo.
As a solo artist, his first record "My Elusive Dreams" in 1969 was a major hit in New Zealand.
The next year, he moved to London where he won the talent show "Opportunity Knocks" six times in a row, sang at both The Palladium and Albert Hall, represented Great Britain in several song contests, winning the Silver Prize in the Second Tokyo Music Festival, the Bronze Medal in Caracas Venezuela, and the Gold Medal at the Golden Orpheus Song Festival in Bulgaria.
Through the 1970s, he toured extensively, working with many major acts including Olivia Newton-John, Shirley Bassey, Milton Berle, and Sammy Davis Jr. and acting in "Hawaii Five-O".
Return to New Zealand.
In 1982, Stevens returned to New Zealand.
In 1994, he played the High Priest Caiaphas in the New Zealand tour of "Jesus Christ Superstar", and later the '94-95' tour of Australia - with his younger brother Jon playing Judas.
From 2004, he was a judge on all three seasons on "New Zealand Idol".
In the 2005 New Year Honours, Stevens was made a Member of the New Zealand Order of Merit, for services to entertainment. 
Stevens has been honoured by his home town of Upper Hutt, which named a street in the suburb of Riverstone Terraces, Frankie Stevens Place, after the entertainer.

</doc>
<doc id="19841258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841258" title="Friedrich Gottlieb Bartling">
Friedrich Gottlieb Bartling

Friedrich Gottlieb Bartling (December 9, 1798 – November 20, 1875) was a German botanist who was a native of Hanover.
He studied natural sciences at the University of Göttingen, and in 1818 took a botanical journey through Hungary and Croatia. In 1822 he became a lecturer at Göttingen, where he later became a professor. In 1837 he was appointed director of its botanical garden. 
The plant genus "Bartlingia" from the family Rubiaceae is named in his honor.

</doc>
<doc id="19841262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841262" title="MetroWest Regional Transit Authority">
MetroWest Regional Transit Authority

The MetroWest Regional Transit Authority (MWRTA) is a regional public transit authority in the state of Massachusetts providing bus and paratransit service to eleven communities in the Boston MetroWest. The MWRTA was formed in 2006 and began service on July 1, 2007 with the purpose of filling a void in public transportation service in the MetroWest. Through a commitment to deliver expanded public transportation service to the business and commercial hubs across the MetroWest region, the goals and purpose of the MWRTA are embodied in its mission statement: "Build a public transportation system to deliver convenient and dependable service that enhances mobility, environmental quality and economic vitality in the region." Funding for the MWRTA comes partially from the state and local governments of the communities it operates within.
The eleven member communities of the MWRTA currently receive varying levels of service: Ashland, Framingham, Holliston, Hopkinton, Marlborough, Natick, and Southborough receive fixed-route bus spread over ten routes and paratransit service while Sherborn, Sudbury, Wayland, and Weston receive only paratransit service.
Paratransit.
Paratransit service is a flexible passenger transportation service which does not follow fixed routes or schedules. According to ADA requirements, the MWRTA must provide paratransit service as a curb-to-curb service to eligible residents having a physical, cognitive, or mental disability within a 3/4 mile radius of a fixed route regular bus service. In addition, MWRTA paratransit service is also provided to eligible residents within any of its eleven member communities. All MWRTA buses are equipped with lift systems to accommodate the physically handicapped along their regular fixed routes. The MWRTA also provides paratransit service to MWRTA service area border towns at an increased fare. The paratransit service is provided in the form of a call-ahead multi-passenger shuttle allowing disabled residents of MWRTA communities to be picked up at their houses and shuttled to any other location within or bordering the MWRTA service region, such as other residences, grocery stores, hospitals, or job sites.
Prior to the creation of the MWRTA, the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority (MBTA) provided part of its paratransit service, called The RIDE (see MBTA accessibility) to the two communities of Framingham and Natick within the current MWRTA service area. The MBTA continue to provide The RIDE to Framingham and Natick until 2009 under contractual obligations. On July 1, 2009, administration of paratransit service to Framingham and Natick switched from the MBTA to MWRTA in alignment with the change in assessments paid to the MWRTA by those communities rather than to the MBTA.
Buses.
The MWRTA provides eleven fixed bus routes across a service region including seven of its member communities. The fleet consists of twenty Ford E-Series cutaway-based 18-passenger buses. All buses contain lift systems capable of carrying up to 800 pounds for physically disabled passengers.
Routes.
Displayed below is the MWRTA route listing. Following each route entry is a listing of points of interest which can be reached along the route. All routes start and end at the central hub in Framingham except for Route 9.
The MWRTA partnership with GeoGraphics Lab provides live-updates of bus locations via an online map service. The service displays current bus locations on a map with the use of bus-mounted GPS devices. The map service also allows the individual bus routes to be displayed overlaying the map.
Fares.
Passes may be purchased in single or ten-ride quantities. Fare costs are as follows:
Transfers are provided free of charge between buses with the use of a transfer coupon or CharlieCard. Transfer coupons must be requested from the driver of the bus upon exiting the bus and displayed to the driver of the bus to be transferred to upon entry. The transfer coupon (or stored transfer in the case of a Charlie Card) must be used within 30 minutes of receipt.
In November 2010, the MWRTA started accepting fares electronically via the MBTA CharlieCard. Stored Value CharlieCard users are offered a discounted local fare of $1.10 (or a Woodland fare of $2.20). Senior/Disabled passengers are also offered a discounted fare when using the appropriate Senior/Disabled CharlieCards. 
10 ride passes are in the process of being phased out in favor of CharlieCards.
History.
The birth of the MWRTA.
In 2006, an Economic Stimulus Bill passed in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts included legislation pushed by Karen Spilka and other MetroWest area legislators. The legislation opened the possibility of a new Regional Transit Authority to be formed in the MetroWest region. The legislation states that any community providing an annual assessment to the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority (MBTA) but not served directly by the MBTA may form their own Regional Transit Authority (RTA) using that funding instead.
Under the advisement of the legislation, the MWRTA was created in Framingham with the neighboring communities of Holliston, Hopkinton, Natick, Ashland, and Wayland. At the time, Framingham had its own community bus system called The LIFT (Local Inter Framingham Transit), so the newly formed MWRTA was based on The LIFT. With this system, the communities of the MWRTA would have a basis for their new RTA.
Natick neighborhood bus system.
As part of the growth of the MWRTA and due to Natick joining the system, Natick's own Neighborhood Bus system was incorporated into the MWRTA in the summer of 2008. Rates rose from $1 to $1.50 for adults with the rate hike justified as allowing residents of Natick to move anywhere in the system, as far out as Marlborough. The incorporation of this system created a link of service from Natick to Marlborough across two routes spanning more than 25 miles combined.
The RIDE.
The RIDE is a paratransit service provided by the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority (MBTA) to regions of the Greater Boston Area. Prior to the creation of the MWRTA, the MBTA provided paratransit service to the MWRTA member communities of Framingham and Natick through The RIDE. Due to the formation of the MWRTA as a new Regional Transit Authority (RTA) within the MetroWest, annual assessments can now be funneled toward the MWRTA rather than the MBTA, and, in the future, service will switch hands accordingly. Administration of paratransit service to Framingham and Natick will switch from the MBTA to the MWRTA on July 1, 2009.
MBTA Green Line shuttle.
Green Line shuttle service is targeted at commuters traveling to work in the Metrowest from Boston. It poses an alternative to the MBTA Commuter Rail Framingham/Worcester Line which focuses more on Boston inbound traffic during the morning hours, and outbound traffic from Boston to Framingham during the evening hours. Consequently, the commuter rail provides less frequent service in the opposite direction during those respective times. The Green Line shuttle instead links the MWRTA bus system with the MBTA subway system and provides service every twenty-five minutes during morning and evening commute hours.
Future plans.
Within the service region.
The MWRTA is discussing expansion of bus service within its service region particularly to the four communities which receive only paratransit service. In particular, Sherborn is a member community of the MWRTA, but does not receive fixed route bus service. Prior to the creation of the MWRTA, Sherborn paid annual assessments to the MBTA although it did not receive public transportation service. Since joining the MWRTA, selectmen conducted surveys through mass mailings to the residents of Sherborn, and responses were mostly positive toward creating a bus route between downtown Sherborn and a Natick commuter-rail station.
Milford and Hudson.
The MWRTA advisory board discussed the idea of Milford and Hudson joining the MWRTA. However, neither is seen to join due to fiscal constraints in both communities. Neither community pays local assessments to the MBTA. Thus, unlike the other member communities, funding could not be diverted from the MBTA to the MWRTA; they would need to make additional budgetary allotments to become members of the MWRTA.

</doc>
<doc id="19841268" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841268" title="Malaysia–Singapore relations">
Malaysia–Singapore relations

Malaysia–Singapore relations (Malay "Hubungan Malaysia-Singapura", Chinese "新马关系") refers to bilateral foreign relations between the two countries Malaysia and Singapore, after the separation of Singapore from the Federation of Malaysia in 1965. Singapore has a high commission in Kuala Lumpur, and Malaysia has a high commission in Singapore. Both countries are full members of the Commonwealth of Nations.
Iskandar Malaysia.
Iskandar Malaysia, formerly known as Wilayah Pembangunan Iskandar (Iskandar Development Region) and SJER, is located at the south of Johor or north of Singapore island. The development region was officially declared by the former prime minister of Malaysia, Datuk Seri Abdullah Ahmad Badawi. Its main purpose is to encourage Singaporean investors to invest more in the region rather than investing in other competing countries such as China, Vietnam, Thailand, India, etc.
Defense.
Singapore and Malaysia are part of the Five Power Defence Arrangements along with New Zealand, Australia and the United Kingdom. Both sides along with Indonesia help each other when threatened by Jemaah Islamiyah (J.I).
Trade.
Malaysia is one of Singapore's biggest trading partners and the biggest amongst the member nations of ASEAN. Bi-lateral trade totaled roughly 39 billion US dollars in the first half of 2010, an increase of 36 percent from the same period in 2009.
Transport.
The two countries are connected by the Johor-Singapore Causeway and Tuas Second Link.
The Second Link is a bridge connecting Singapore and Johor, Malaysia. In Singapore, it is officially known as the Tuas Second Link. The bridge was built to reduce the traffic congestion at the Johor–Singapore Causeway, and was opened to traffic on 2 January 1998. The twin-deck bridge supports a dual-three lane carriageway linking Kampong Ladang at Tanjung Kupang, Johor to Jalan Ahmad Ibrahim at Tuas, Singapore. The total length of the bridge over water is 1,920 m (6,300 ft). On the Malaysian side, the bridge is connected to the Second Link Expressway (Malay: Lebuhraya Laluan Kedua Malaysia-Singapura) also known as Linkedua Expressway, which links from Senai North Interchange Exit 253 at North-South Expressway, Senai Airport and Taman Perling, Johor Bahru via its extension known as Johor Bahru Parkway. In Singapore, the bridge connects to the Ayer Rajah Expressway.
The Rapid Transit System (RTS) Link, a high-speed rail line between Malaysia and Singapore, is currently under development and is scheduled to begin operations in 2018. This long-delayed project is moving forward because in 2010 Malaysian Prime Minister Najib and Singaporean Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong resolved a key diplomatic problem between the two countries by ending the impasse over transportation links and Singaporean investment in Iskandar Malaysia. Malaysian and Singaporean counterparts have agreed to modify the Points of Agreement signed in 1990. Specifically, the two sides have promised to move the KTM railway station from Tanjung Pagar to Woodlands, set up a joint venture to be called M-S Pte Ltd to develop six parcels of land in Singapore, develop a rapid transit link between Tanjung Pateri in Johor Baru and Woodlands in Singapore, and allow Temasek and Khazanah to set up a joint venture for the purpose of developing a town in Iskandar Malaysia. The two countries have also agreed to set up co-located Customs, Immigration and Quarantine (CIQ) facilities so that travelers will only have to pass through one immigration check-point when using the service.
Disputes.
From Singapore's independence in 1965, several disputes have surfaced between Singapore and Malaysia. This includes, among other things, the dispute over the revision of the price of water under the 1961 and 1962 water agreements and the ownership of Pedra Branca, an island off the coast of Johor.

</doc>
<doc id="19841274" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841274" title="Princess Maria Theresia of Liechtenstein">
Princess Maria Theresia of Liechtenstein

Princess Maria Theresia of Liechtenstein (Maria Theresia Anna Felicitas; 11 May 1694 – 20 February 1772) was the heiress to the Silesian Duchy of Troppau (now Opava in Czech Republic). Countess of Soissons by marriage, she was the last person to hold the title. She had one son who predeceased her in 1734. Her son was engaged to Maria Teresa Cybo-Malaspina, duchess of Massa and heiress to the Principality of Carrara.
Biography.
Her father was Fürst Johann Adam Andreas of Liechtenstein – who had purchased the counties of Vaduz and Schellenberg, which is now the modern state of Liechtenstein (although the first Prince to visit Vaduz did so only in 1844). Her mother, Princess Maria Theresa "Edmunda" of Dietrichstein was the great granddaughter of Adam von Dietrichstein (1527–1590), Hofmeister to the court of Emperor Rudolf II and buried in St Vitus Cathedral, Prague Castle.
Maria Theresia’s father had died in 1712 – and both her brothers before that.
In Vienna on 24 October 1713 Maria Theresia married Thomas Emmanuel, Count of Soissons and Governor of Antwerp (born on 8 December 1687), second son of Louis Thomas of Savoy-Carignano and his wife Uranie de La Cropte de Beauvais. They had one son, Eugenio Giovanni.
By this marriage she also became a Princess of Savoy, having married into a cadet branch of the reigning Dukes of Savoy. Her husband was a descendant of the Princes of Carignano, which been raised by Charles Emmanuel I, Duke of Savoy into a principality as an appanage for his third son, Thomas Francis. The house of Carignano developed two junior branches, those of Soissons and Villafranca.
In 1662 the town of Yvois in the Ardennes was raised by Louis XIV of France into a duchy in his favour, its name being changed at the same time to Carignano. The famous Prince Eugene of Savoy was the second son of the first Prince of Carignano.
Prince Eugene was Thomas Emmanuel’s uncle. Eugene served under Leopold I, Holy Roman Emperor – and for his leadership at the Battle of Vienna (against the Turks) in 1683 he became known as "The Atlas of the Austrian monarchy". In 1697, as Field Marshal and chief of Austrian armies, he defeated the forces of the Ottoman sultan, Mustafa II, at the decisive Battle of Zenta (now Senta in Serbia) in Hungary.
After her husband died in Vienna on 28 December 1729, Maria Theresia made Škvorec Castle her seat.
On 20 February 1772 Maria Theresia died in Vienna. She was a descendant of Georg Hartmann who had become Lutheran c. 1540, while her great grandfather, Karl, a Stattholder of Bohemia had found it wise to become a Catholic in 1599.
Maria Theresa’s son, Eugene Jean Francois, Count of Soissons and Duke of Troppau (born 23 September 1714; died at Mannheim on 24 November 1734) had died at only 20 years old, thus her estate passed to Franz Joseph I, Prince of Liechtenstein – great grandson of Prince Hartmann von Liechtenstein (1613–1686). The title of Count of Soissons became extinct with the young son’s death and was returned to the French crown.
Ancestry.
<BR>

</doc>
<doc id="19841292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841292" title="MTV Russia Movie Awards">
MTV Russia Movie Awards

The MTV Russia Movie Awards (Before 2009 MTV Movie Awards Russia (Russian: Кинонаграды MTV)) made its debut in 2006 and have celebrated local Russian movies as well as International. The MTV Russia Movie Awards (RMA) is the first event of such kind, featuring local and international actors and movie celebrities being honoured by Russian viewers.

</doc>
<doc id="19841300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841300" title="Tenatumomab">
Tenatumomab

Tenatumomab is a monoclonal antibody designed for the treatment of cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="19841307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841307" title="Brunei–Malaysia relations">
Brunei–Malaysia relations

Brunei–Malaysia relations are foreign relations between Brunei and Malaysia. Brunei has a high commission in Kuala Lumpur, and Malaysia has a high commission in Bandar Seri Begawan. Both countries are full members of ASEAN and the Commonwealth of Nations. The two countries share a land border on the island of Borneo.
History.
Relations between the two countries has been established since January 1984.
Cultural links.
Brunei and Malaysia have many similarities in culture especially in the East Malaysian areas as they were once a part of the Bruneian Empire. In 2011, around 61,470 Malaysian has visited Brunei.
Transport links.
The states of Sarawak and Sabah in East Malaysia are connected to Brunei via the Pan Borneo Highway.
Disputes.
Before 2009, Malaysia's land boundary with Brunei around Limbang is currently in dispute. Thus, Brunei and Malaysia agreed to ceased gas and oil exploration in their disputed offshore and deep water seabeds until a negotiations progress into an agreement over allocation of disputed areas in 2003. In March 2009, a solution was achieved between the two governments when Brunei dropped all claims to Limbang, thus recognizing it as a Malaysian territory.

</doc>
<doc id="19841320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841320" title="Lost Command">
Lost Command

Lost Command is a 1966 war film directed and produced by Mark Robson. The screenplay was written by Nelson Gidding, based on the 1960 novel "The Centurions" by Jean Lartéguy. The film stars Anthony Quinn, Alain Delon, George Segal, Michèle Morgan, Maurice Ronet and Claudia Cardinale.
Historical Background.
The film, which focuses on the story of French paratroopers battling in French Indochina and French Algeria, was provided technical advice from French military Commandant René Lepage, formerly with the 6th Marine Infantry Parachute Regiment.
The character played by Anthony Quinn is loosely based on Marcel Bigeard, the actual commander in French Indochina of the predecessor of the 6th Marine Infantry Parachute Regiment (the 6th Colonial Parachute Battalion). Bigeard later commanded the 3rd Colonial Parachute Regiment in French Algeria.
The film was released within four years of the end of the Algerian war for independence, and included scenes that reflected actual atrocities by both sides. "Lost Command" was banned in France for ten years.
Plot.
In the final moments of the 1954 Battle of Dien Bien Phu, a weakened French garrison anticipates a last assault by communist Viet Minh troops.
The garrison commander, Basque Lt. Col. Pierre-Noel Raspeguy (Quinn), has called central headquarters for reinforcements. Headquarters sends only a single plane load of French paratroopers, under the command of Major De Clairefons. Despite Raspeguy's attempts to provide covering fire, the paratroopers are slaughtered as they land. Major De Clairefons is killed when his parachute drags him into a minefield. Raspeguy is enraged that General Melies (Jean Servais) sent only one plane, and further believes that Melies intends to make Raspeguy responsible for the entire debacle at Dien Bien Phu.
The Viet Minh overrun the French, with the survivors captured and imprisoned. Among Raspeguy's friends are military historian Captain Phillipe Esclavier (Alain Delon), Indochina born Captain Boisfeures (Maurice Ronet), surgeon Captain Dia (Gordon Heath) and Lt Ben Mahidi (George Segal), an Algerian-born paratrooper who turns down a Viet Minh leader's (Burt Kwouk) offer for preferential treatment because he is an Arab. Raspeguy's leadership keeps the men together in their captivity. When released after a treaty between the Viet Minh and France, Raspeguy leads his men in demolishing a delousing station that they see as a humiliation.
Upon his return home to Algeria, Ben Mahidi is disgusted at the treatment of his people, especially when his teenaged brother is machine gunned by the police for spraying graffiti in support of independence from France. He deserts from the army to join the rebels of the Algerian National Liberation Front (FLN), becoming a guerilla leader.
Upon his own return from Indochina, Lt. Colonel Raspeguy starts a relationship with Countess Nathalie De Clairefons (Michèle Morgan), widow of the Major who died while trying to reinforce Raspeguy's garrison. The Countess' military contacts result in Raspeguy being given command of the new 10th Regiment of Parachutistes Coloniaux, serving under General Melies in the Algerian war.
The General briefs him that the command is his last chance in the military; if his Regiment fails, Raspeguy's career is finished. Raspeguy recruits his comrades in arms from Indochina and trains his battalion with unorthodox methods such as using live ammunition on an assault course to encourage speed and initiative.
Soon after beginning counter insurgency operations in both urban and rural environments, Esclavier falls in love with Mahidi's sister Aicha (Claudia Cardinale) who is loyal to the FLN and uses her friendship with Esclavier to smuggle explosive detonators. The previously naive Esclavier begins to have a new view of his nation's conduct, as the FLN rebels and French parachutists try to outdo each other in breaking the rules of war.
Production.
The film was shot in Spain.
Film rights were negotiated for "The Centurions" as far back as 1961 with Nelson Gidding's draft screenplay appearing in 1963. Filmed under the title "The Centurions", the film was retitled "Not For Honor and Glory" in December 1965 with the title changed again to "Lost Command" in 1966.
Quotes.
Raspeguy: "There's only one rule - don't die!"
Raspeguy: (on being encouraged to use Countess De Clairefons' influence to obtain a command) "Since when do women run the army?"<br>
Esclavier: "Since longer than peasants were allowed to become officers"

</doc>
<doc id="19841352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841352" title="2008 Volleyball America's Cup">
2008 Volleyball America's Cup

The 2008 Volleyball America's Cup was the seventh edition of the annual Men's Volleyball Tournament, played by six countries from North, Central and South America. The tournament was held from September 24 to September 28, 2008 in Cuiabá, Brazil.
First round.
Pool A.
September 24, 2008
September 25, 2008
September 26, 2008
Pool B.
September 24, 2008
September 25, 2008
September 26, 2008
Final round.
September 27, 2008
September 28, 2008

</doc>
<doc id="19841391" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841391" title="Kevin Olsen">
Kevin Olsen

Kevin Gary Olsen (born July 26, 1976 in Covina, California) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher for the Florida Marlins. He pitched for the Marlins from - and played his final season in for the Sacramento River Cats, the Triple-A affiliate of the Oakland Athletics.
External links.
Teaches at the Bulpen Baseball Academy in Muriettta, California

</doc>
<doc id="19841392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841392" title="William Walter Watts">
William Walter Watts

Reverend William Walter Watts (1856–1920) was one of New South Wales's greatest authorities on moss. He might be best known for his unfinished "Census of Australian Mosses."

</doc>
<doc id="19841407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841407" title="Malaysia–Philippines relations">
Malaysia–Philippines relations

Malaysia–Philippines relations refers to foreign relations between Malaysia and the Philippines.
Philippines has an embassy in Kuala Lumpur, and Malaysia has an embassy in Manila. The people of the two neighboring countries have a long history of close economic, cultural and political relations. They are both founding members of ASEAN, both countries are of Malayo-Polynesian stock, and both are important trading partners. The two countries have participated in joint conservation measures in the Sulu Sea, which lies between the two countries. Malaysia has assisted in peacekeeping efforts in the Muslim insurgency in Mindanao. The countries are both involved in ongoing disputes over ownership of the Spratly Islands and the Philippines has a claim over Sabah.
Diplomatic ties.
In 1959, shortly after Federation of Malaya became independent, the Philippines established a legation in Kuala Lumpur.
Both countries are current members of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations, and the Asian Union.
Together with the Republic of Indonesia, the two countries were also members of Maphilindo, a short-lived nonpolitical union formed during a summit in Manila from 31 July to 5 August 1963. The organisation was dismantled after one month, partly due to Indonesia's policy of "Konfrontasi" with Malaysia.
The two countries cooperate closely in many areas.
Cultural ties.
The people of the island complex that includes Malaysia, Indonesia and the Philippines are ethnically similar, with most speaking closely related Malayo-Polynesian languages.
Both countries also have large Chinese minorities, who often maintain close cross-border ties.
Economic ties.
Malaysia and the Philippines are important trading partners. In 2002, the Philippines was 16th largest export market and the 9th largest import market of Malaysia. Malaysia on the other hand is the 7th largest export market and 8th largest import market of the Philippines. Malaysia is also second main source of foreign investments for the Philippines among all of the members of the ASEAN countries.
Philippine migrant workers.
There are many transient workers from the Philippines in Malaysia, subject to periodic expulsions.
Marine conservation.
Malaysia and the Philippines have participated in joint conservation measures in the Sulu Sea, which lies between the two countries.
Mindanao conflict.
It is believed that Malaysia supported insurgency in Southwestern Philippines, but recently Malaysia has assisted in peacekeeping efforts in the Muslim insurgency in Mindanao.
Disputes.
Sabah dispute.
Between September 1963 and May 1964, diplomatic relations between the two countries were suspended due to a dispute over the Philippines’ claim to North Borneo, which the eastern part had once been part of the Sulu Sultanate. Relations were suspended again, due to the same issue, between 1968 and 1969.
In February 2013 a party of armed men claiming to have been sent by the Sultan of Sulu landed in Sabah and several armed clashes occurred with Malaysian police, at least 67 Sulu forces were killed including 2 civilians and 9 Malaysian forces.
Claim over Spratly Islands.
Malaysia and the Philippines both claim a portion of the disputed Spratly Islands, some or all of which are also claimed by Vietnam, the People's Republic of China, and the Republic of China. The Philippines have had a claim on the islands, officially since independence in 1946, though they have only actively pursued the claims since 1956. In 1979, they said they only wanted seven of the islands that were under their control. Malaysia has staked a claim since 1976, claiming that the southern islands are part of their land under the Law of the Sea as a part of their continental shelf.
Aid from Malaysia.
During the 2013 Bohol earthquake, the Malaysian Government has donated a total of MYR100,000 for children affected by the disaster. While after the Typhoon Haiyan hit Philippines, the Malaysian Defence Minister Hishammuddin Hussein has quickly contacted the Philippine Defense Secretary Voltaire Gazmin to determine the aid required. Malaysian Filipinos communities also help to collect relief items to be sent to the country. By 13 November, the Malaysian Government has donated a total of $1 million along with the sending of essential items such as food and medicines worth $310 thousand using the RMAF Charlie C-130 aircraft. One of Malaysian major commercial bank Maybank also contributed to donate $330,000 to the Philippine Red Cross along with the arriving of the Malaysian disaster relief team. While in 22 November, the Malaysian Red Crescent has raised a total of $55,000 donations from the Malaysian citizens and deploy a Rapid Deployment Squad to the Philippines.
Malaysia also become the main facilitator for the Framework Agreement on the Bangsamoro to create peace and establish the Bangsamoro area in Southern Philippines.

</doc>
<doc id="19841411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841411" title="Obinutuzumab">
Obinutuzumab

Obinutuzumab (called afutuzumab until 2009) is a humanized monoclonal antibody, originated by Glycart Biotechnology AG and developed by Biogen Idec, Chugai Pharmaceutical Co., and Hoffmann-La Roche Inc. for the treatment of lymphoma. It acts as an immunomodulator.
Obinutuzumab targets CD20 and kills B cells.
Obinutuzumab was approved under the tradename Gazyva by the US FDA in 2013, for the treatment of chronic lymphocytic leukemia in combination with chemotherapy in treatment-naive patients. Patients treated with Gazyva had median survival of 23 months before death or disease progression, compared with 11.1 months for patients on chemotherapy alone.

</doc>
<doc id="19841435" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841435" title="Malaysia–Thailand relations">
Malaysia–Thailand relations

Malaysia–Thailand relations (Malay "Hubungan Malaysia-Thailand"; Thai "ความสัมพันธ์ประเทศมาเลเซีย-ประเทศไทย"; ) refers to bilateral foreign relations between the two countries, Malaysia and the Thailand. Thailand has an embassy in Kuala Lumpur, and Malaysia has an embassy in Bangkok.
Malaysia and Thailand usually cooperate in areas such as trade and investment, security, education and vocational training, youth and sports, tourism, connectivity and socio-economic development in border areas 
Recently, Thai-Malay relations have soured considerably due to the ethnically-Malay Pattani separatists in three southern provinces of Thailand. There have been claims by the Thai government that Malaysia has taken an interest in the cause of their opponents in the war, which is vehemently refuted by the latter.
History.
Chinese protection of Malays against Thailand.
The Sultanate of Malacca voluntarily became a protectorate and tributary state to Ming dynasty China, which protected Malacca against its enemies with military force, allowing the Muslim Sultanate to prosper. the Chinese warded off Thailand and Majapahit from conquering Malacca, and also engaged in war against Portugal for conquering Malacca.
At the foundation of Malacca, the native peoples were the peoples with Hinduism and Buddhism influence. According to the annals record, at the time Parameswara founded Malacca, the country was often attacked by the old enemies Majapahit and the rivals from northern area of Malacca, Ayutthaya Kingdom. Malacca able to hold position and fight back the enemies. Parameswara decided to send his ambassador to visit the Emperor of China, one of the superpower of the period, the Emperor of the Ming Dynasty, and both agreed to become allies. Ever since the agreement between Malacca Empire and China Empire, the Thai Ayutthaya Kingdom and Majapahit Empire never intended to attack Malacca. Later some record suggested that during the trade activities and arrival of the Chinese-Muslim admiral ""Cheng Ho"" or Zheng He, Parameswara converted to Islam and adopted an Islamic name, Sultan Iskandar Shah. The new religion spread quickly throughout his conversion and the voyage of Zheng He.
Ming dynasty China warned Thailand and the Majapahit against trying to conquer and attack the Malacca sultanate, placing the Malacca Sultanate under Chinese protection as a protectorate, and giving the ruler of Malacca the title of King. The Chinese strengthened several warehouses in Malacca. The Muslim Sultanate flourished due to the Chinese protection against the Thai and other powers who wanted to attack Malacca. Thailand was also a tributary to China and had to obey China's orders not to attack
Military links.
Both countries participate in the Cooperation Afloat Readiness and Training (CARAT) annually together with other ASEAN countries such as Bangladesh, Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, the Philippines and Singapore
Trade links.
Bilateral trade between Malaysia and Thailand has an upward trend. The 2011 trade value was at USD22.95 billion

</doc>
<doc id="19841448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841448" title="EFL (programming language)">
EFL (programming language)

EFL is a programming language originated by programmer A.D. Hall in the late 1970s and completed by Stuart Feldman. It was intended to improve on Fortran by adding control structures similar to those of C and was implemented as a preprocessor to a Fortran compiler. Its name is an initialism for "Extended Fortran Language". It is roughly a superset of Ratfor.

</doc>
<doc id="19841449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841449" title="FC Stade Nyonnais">
FC Stade Nyonnais

FC Stade Nyonnais is a Swiss football club currently playing in the Swiss 1. Liga Promotion.
History.
The club was founded in 1905.
In 2001 the club had a big game against Real Madrid, in which they had their record attendance of 6,800 spectators.
Nyon had survived several seasons in the second tier of Swiss football, the Challenge League, until the 2011–12 season. Due to restructuring of the Swiss Football League, it was announced that the bottom 6 teams of the 10 team division would be relegated to a newly formed division in 2012, rather than the usual two teams being relegated. Nyon was close to survival but unfortunately finished two points from safety, and were relegated to the 1. Liga Promotion.
Current squad.
"As of 22 July, 2013."

</doc>
<doc id="19841454" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841454" title="Yakovlev Yak-53">
Yakovlev Yak-53

__NOTOC__
The Yakovlev Yak-53 was a single seat aerobatic trainer aircraft produced in the USSR during 1981/2. Only prototypes were produced.
Development.
The prototype Yak-53 was derived from the Yak-52, differing in being a single seater designed as an aerobatic trainer. The front cockpit was deleted and the canopy modified to suit. The cockpit used the flying controls of the Yak-50 without the spring loading of the Yak-52, and the use of the undercarriage and tankage of the prototype Yak-52 to save weight, making the Yak-53 100 kg (220 lb) lighter than the Yak-52.
Operational history.
The prototype Yak-53 set two world records for Time to Height, in its Class, on 15 February and 23 February 1982. Some sources state that a 3-bladed propellor of western origin was used for the record setting flights.

</doc>
<doc id="19841461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841461" title="Ulla Hahn">
Ulla Hahn

Ulla Hahn (born April 30, 1946) is a German poet and novelist. 

</doc>
<doc id="19841481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841481" title="Thistle Yolette Harris">
Thistle Yolette Harris

Thistle Yolette Harris (born 29 July 1902 and died 5 July 1990), also known as Thistle Stead, was an Australian botanist, educator, author and conservationist. She was educated at Redlands School SCECGS Redlands, Cremorne, where she was taught by Constance Le Plastrier (1864-1938), who was a member of the Naturalists Society of New South Wales and co-author of "Botany for Australian Students" (1916), and helped foster Harris’ interest in native plants. She studied botany at the University of Sydney, followed by a diploma of education.
After several years as a science teacher in secondary schools, she became a lecturer in science education at Sydney Teachers’ College (1938–61). In 1945 she was awarded a Master of Education degree and studied for a Diploma in Landscape Design at the University of New South Wales between 1968 and 1969. Harris later featured her efforts to revegetate the mine-workings at the Central Mine of the Sulphide Corporation in her book "Australian Plants for the Garden" (1953).
According to John Walter, her interest in Australian plants was also developed when she met Albert Morris (1886-1939) while she taught at the school in Broken Hill between 1929 and 1930.
In 1951 she married pioneer conservationist and marine biologist David Stead, to whom she had been introduced by Le Plastrier in 1918. She served as President and Honorary Secretary of the Wildlife Preservation Society of Australia. She was instrumental in facilitating the publication of the Society’s journal "Australian Wild Life", which was issued intermittently from 1934. She authored many books on Australian flora and their cultivation in suburban gardens.
In 1963 Harris established the 50 ha Wirrimbirra Sanctuary at Bargo, New South Wales, in memory of her late husband, who had died in 1957. She also established the David G. Stead Memorial Wildlife Research Foundation of Australia to undertake its management. In 1965 she donated the property to the National Trust of Australia (NSW) and it is managed by the Foundation. With financial assistance from the Gould League of New South Wales, a building was erected on the property in 1971 to act as a Field Studies Centre and in 1973, a teacher from the Education Department was appointed to be a full-time education officer.
In 1963 she was awarded the Field Naturalists Club of Victoria’s Australian Natural History Medallion. In 1985 she was awarded an Honorary Doctorate of Science by the University of Wollongong.
Publications.
Books authored by Harris include:

</doc>
<doc id="19841514" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841514" title="List of fictional living planets">
List of fictional living planets

This is a list of fictional living planets, planets in fiction which are said to be alive, and in some cases, intelligent. This includes worlds covered by a single immense organism (such as Solaris) or whose biosphere is composed of organisms which are linked into a hive mind.

</doc>
<doc id="19841518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841518" title="The Shirley Bassey Singles Album">
The Shirley Bassey Singles Album

The Shirley Bassey Singles Album is a compilation album released in 1975 by British singer Shirley Bassey.
Having seen a sales dip in the latter half of the 1960s, Shirley Bassey enjoyed a successful comeback in the 1970s, beginning with the single and album hits, "Something". This continued over the next few years with several high-selling albums and in 1975, her record label United Artists, released a collection of songs taken from this period, plus "Big Spender" and "If You Go Away" (which were featured on a 1960s album that had been re-released and a hit in 1971). "The Shirley Bassey Singles Album" was an immediate hit, going gold a month after its release, and peaking at No.2 in the UK - her highest charting album - during a 24-week run. The album included the top 10 singles "Something", "For All We Know" and "Never Never Never" as well as featuring the hits "Fool on the Hill" and "Diamonds are Forever", which had not featured on any of her albums up to this point.
This album was first released on CD in 1988 with bonus tracks and retitled as "Shirley Bassey The Singles".
Track listing.
Side One
Side Two
Bonus tracks on the re-issued CD were:

</doc>
<doc id="19841520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841520" title="Camocim">
Camocim

Camocim is a town in the state of Ceará, Brazil, founded in 1879. The population is about 60.700 people.

</doc>
<doc id="19841533" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841533" title="T56 (disambiguation)">
T56 (disambiguation)

T56 or T-56 may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19841544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841544" title="Theodore Cyrus Karp">
Theodore Cyrus Karp

Theodore Cyrus Karp (born 17 July 1926) is an American musicologist. His principal area of study is saecular mediaeval monophony, especially the music of the trouvères. He is a major contributor in this area to the "Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians". 
Born in New York, New York, he attended Queens College of the City University of New York, where he received his B.A. in 1947. He later attended the Juilliard School of Music and, from 1949 to 1950, the Catholic University of Leuven. He returned to New York University, where he studied under Curt Sachs and Gustave Reese. He received his PhD from New York in 1960. In 1963 he was taken on as a faculty member by the University of California at Davis and in 1971 became a music professor. He moved to Northwestern University in 1973, where he was dean of the department until 1988 and a professor until his retirement in 1996. 
Besides trouvère monophony, Karp has written articles on the polyphony of the schools of Saint Martial's, Santiago de Compostela, and Notre Dame. He proposed new methods for the transcription of polyphony from the manuscripts. In his recent research Karp has studied the application of computers to his field. 

</doc>
<doc id="19841545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841545" title="Go Nagai bibliography">
Go Nagai bibliography

Go Nagai (born September 6, 1945) is a prolific Japanese manga artist who has written, illustrated, or otherwise contributed to over 360 manga titles since his professional debut in 1967 with "Meakashi Polikichi". Specializing in science fiction, fantasy, horror, and erotica, he is best known for creating the seminal works "Cutie Honey", "Devilman", and "Mazinger Z" in the 1970s.

</doc>
<doc id="19841582" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841582" title="2009 AFL season">
2009 AFL season

The 2009 Australian Football League season commenced on 26 March and concluded on 26 September. It was the 113th season of the VFL/AFL competition. The season consisted of 22 home and away rounds and four rounds of finals, culminating in the 2009 AFL Grand Final which determined the 2009 AFL premiers. won the Grand Final against .
Pre-season.
AFL pre-season draft.
The pre-season draft was held on 16 December 2008 (but is referred to as the 2009 Pre-season draft in continuation from the early years of the AFL draft when it was held in January or February) and most pre-draft interest was on whether or not former West Coast Eagles captain and Brownlow Medal winner Ben Cousins would be selected by the Richmond Football Club. Richmond, the only club to show interest in recruiting Cousins, had one selection in the pre-season draft (because it had only one space left on its senior list). In the week leading up to the pre-season draft, Richmond requested to have Graham Polak (who had been hit by a tram the previous season, with it not clear at this stage whether or not the resulting injuries would end his career) moved to the rookie list, to free up an additional list space and give them a second selection in the pre-season draft. The request was similar to one made by and granted to the Essendon Football Club a few years earlier with respect to Adam Ramanauskas, but there were key differences which led to Richmond's request being rejected by the AFL and a majority of rival clubs on 15 December. Although Richmond had maintained throughout the previous week that it would draft Cousins only if its request to put Polak on the rookie list was granted, they selected Cousins anyway with their only selection in the pre-season draft. Josh Carr's return to Port Adelaide was the other major player move.
Win/Loss table.
Bold – Home game
Awards.
AFL Rising Star.
The 2009 award was won by Daniel Rich from the Brisbane Football Club.
Goal of the Year.
The Australian Football League celebrates the best goal of the season through the annual Goal of the Year competition. From 2009 onwards, the commercial name for the award is the "AFL Stores Goal of the Year".
Nominations
Mark of the Year.
The Australian Football League celebrates the best mark of the season through the annual Mark of the Year competition. From 2009 onwards, the commercial name for the award is the "Hungry Jacks Mark of the Year".
Nominations
AFL Army Award.
The Australian Football League, with the support of the Australian Army, recognises players who produce an act or acts of bravery or selflessness to promote the cause of his team during a game. Each week three players and what they did are made available on the AFL Army Award website for supporters to vote on. The player with the highest percentage of the vote is the AFL Army Award nominee for that round.
Nominations
"For the full list of round-by-round nominees, see 2009 AFL Army Award.
Umpiring and rule changes.
Two rule changes were introduced into the regular season
Umpires were also encouraged to recall a centre bounce if it is offline, throwing it up the second time.
Players contacting umpires continued to be an issue with several players fined for making contact with umpires as they retreated from ball-ups. In related offences, Collingwood's Heath Shaw was suspended for one week after touching an umpire's shoulder, and Hawthorn president Jeff Kennett was fined $5000 after criticising the umpires on radio.
Player changes.
Debuts.
Following the debuts of the first two draft picks from the 2008 AFL Draft (Jack Watts in Round 11 and Nic Naitanui in Round 12) the first nine draft selections had all made their AFL debuts. Other significant debuts included Beau Muston, who had undergone three knee reconstructions since being drafted in 2005, Mike Pyke, who had previously played rugby union for Canada and Irishman Michael Quinn who had only played Australian rules football for 5 months before making his debut in Round 2.

</doc>
<doc id="19841585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841585" title="Citatuzumab bogatox">
Citatuzumab bogatox

Citatuzumab bogatox (VB6-845) is a monoclonal antibody Fab fragment fused with bouganin, an ribosome inactivating protein from the plant "Bougainvillea spectabilis". It has undergone pre-clinical trials for the treatment of ovarian cancer and other solid tumors.

</doc>
<doc id="19841588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841588" title="Madockawando">
Madockawando

Madockawando (born in Maine c. 1630; died 1698) was a sachem of the Penobscot Indians, an adopted son of Assaminasqua whom he succeeded.
Biography.
The Penobscot lands, lying east of Penobscot River, were a part of Acadia, which was given back to France in 1667 by the Treaty of Breda, though the English claimed that the country between the Penobscot and the St. Croix River was included in the Duke of York's patent. The Indians were brought under French influence by Jean-Vincent d'Abbadie de Saint-Castin, known as Castin in the New England Chronicles. Castin settled among them, and married a daughter of Madockawando.
When King Philip's confederacy rose against Plymouth Colony, the eastern Indians and the English settlers in Maine and New Hampshire became involved in war. The Penobscots were the first to treat for peace among the Indian tribes, and offered to enter into an alliance with the English. Articles were drawn and subscribed at Boston on 6 November 1676, and the peace was ratified by Madockawando. The English, however, found a pretext for renewing hostilities. The Indians were successful, and destroyed all the English settlements in that part of Maine.
In 1678 a treaty was made at Casco whereby the English were permitted to return to their farms on the condition of paying rent to the Indians. The peace was kept until the territorial dispute with France was brought to an issue in 1688 by Gov. Edmund Andros, who arrived among the Penobscots in a frigate, plundered Castin's house, and destroyed his fort. The Indian chiefs took up the quarrel, being abundantly supplied with arms by Castin, attacked the white settlements, and thus began King William's War. Madockawando took a prominent part in the atrocities of this war.
When the English built Fort William Henry at Pemaquid he hastened to Quebec to carry the intelligence to Frontenac, but divulged it to John Nelson, whose messengers warned the authorities in Boston of Iberville's expedition. In 1693 the English gained Madockawando's consent to a treaty of peace, yet he was unable to persuade the chiefs who were under the influence of French Jesuit emissaries, and was compelled to recommence hostilities. The Indian war continued for more than a year after the Peace of Ryswick had been concluded between France and England, until by the Treaty of Casco of 7 January 1699 the Penobscots acknowledged subjection to the crown of England. In the later operations Castin was their leader, Madockawando having been, perhaps, one of the chiefs treacherously slain by Capt. Pascho Chubb at a conference at Pemaquid in February 1696.
Memorials.
In Castine, Maine, there was a plaque on Dyce Head Lighthouse Rd. that read:

</doc>
<doc id="19841606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841606" title="Cartwright Elementary School District">
Cartwright Elementary School District

Cartwright Elementary School District is a school district in Phoenix, Arizona, United States which operates several elementary and middle schools.
Estrella Middle School is in this district.
Early history.
The area at 51st Avenue and Thomas Road was settled and homesteaded by Reddick Jasper Cartwright a native of Illinois, in 1877. In 1884, Tom Brockman, a native of California and fellow homesteader, donated land at 59th Avenue and Thomas Road for a school site. Cartwright and his neighbors raised enough funds to build the first one-room school house. In 1921, Cartwright School joined a neighboring school known as Independence and the Cartwright School District was founded. Mr. Glenn L. Downs became the first superintendent of the district in 1928. Mr. Downs and his family lived in the residence which is currently the Cartwright Heritage House. The two-story original all brick structure was replaced with the structure which stands today. The Cartwright School was listed in the National Register of Historic Places in 1993. 

</doc>
<doc id="19841609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841609" title="Li Na (Tang Dynasty)">
Li Na (Tang Dynasty)

Li Na (李納) (758 – June 13, 792), formally the Prince of Longxi (隴西王), was a general of the Chinese Tang Dynasty. Inheriting the post from his father Li Zhengji, he served as the military governor ("Jiedushi") of Pinglu Circuit (平盧, headquartered in modern Tai'an, Shandong) semi-independently from the imperial government.
Background.
Li Na was born in 758, during the reign of Emperor Suzong. His father Li Huaiyu, who was of Goguryeo extraction, was then serving as a military officer at Pinglu Circuit (then headquartered in modern Chaoyang, Liaoning) under Li Huaiyu's cousin Hou Xiyi (侯希逸), who was the acting military governor of the circuit at that time. By 761, however, the Pinglu army, which was cut off from the rest of the Tang realm by the rebel state of Yan at that time and had to further fend off not only Yan forces, but forces of Khitan and Xi tribes, could no longer stand, and they abandoned Pinglu Circuit and fought their way south. In 762, Emperor Suzong's son and successor Emperor Daizong made Hou the military governor of Ziqing Circuit (淄青, headquartered in modern Weifang, Shandong) as well, and the names of Ziqing and Pinglu merged. In 765, the soldiers overthrew Hou because he was overburdening them with labor, and they supported Li Huaiyu as his successor. Emperor Daizong agreed and made Li Huaiyu military governor, changing his name to Li Zhengji. Li Zhengji proceeded to, despite nominally submitting to imperial authority, rule Pinglu effectively as a semi-independent realm.
Service under Li Zhengji.
In Li Na's youth, Li Zhengji had put him in command of an army to aid in the seasonal defense of Tang's western border with Tufan, and Li Na, as part of this deployment, was at Chang'an to pay homage to Emperor Daizong. Emperor Daizong met him and gave him a number of honors. Later, after that deployment was over, Li Zhengji made him the prefect of Zi Prefecture (淄州, in modern Zibo, Shandong). During Li Zhengji's imperially-sanctioned campaign against Tian Chengsi, the military governor of Weibo Circuit (魏博, headquartered in modern Handan, Hebei) in 775, Li Na served as acting military governor in Li Zhengji's absence from Pinglu. Later, after a campaign against another rebellious military governor, Li Lingyao (李靈曜), Li Zhengji took five prefectures from Li Lingyao's Biansong Circuit (汴宋, headquartered in modern Kaifeng, Henan) and merged them into Pinglu Circuit. He then moved the headquarters of Pinglu from Qing Prefecture (青州) to one of the Biansong prefectures that he took, Yun Prefecture (鄆州, in modern Tai'an, Shandong), and made Li Na the prefect of Qing Prefecture, in charge of the old headquarters.
In 781, Li Baochen the military governor of Chengde Circuit (成德, headquartered in modern Shijiazhuang, Hebei) died, and his son Li Weiyue wished to inherit his position. Emperor Daizong's son and successor Emperor Dezong refused to grant imperial sanction. In light of this, Li Weiyue prepared for war against the imperial government, and Li Zhengji, Tian Yue (Tian Chengsi's nephew and successor), and Liang Chongyi the military governor of Shannan East Circuit (山南東道, headquartered in modern Xiangfan, Hubei), who had made an alliance to support each other in attempts to be able to pass their circuits to their descendants, prepared for war as well. After Li Zhengji himself died later in 781, Li Na initially kept his death a secret but, pursuant to the alliance, sent troops to aid Tian and Li Weiyue. In fall 781, he announced his father's death and requested to succeed Li Zhengji. Emperor Dezong denied his request as well.
As rebel against imperial authority.
In light of Emperor Dezong's refusal to let him succeed Li Zhengji, later in 781, Li Na attacked the imperially-controlled Xuanwu Circuit (宣武, headquartered in modern Shangqiu, Henan). While he was doing so, however, Li Wei (李洧), a cousin of Li Zhengji's, whom Li Zhengji had made the prefect of Xu Prefecture (徐州, in modern Xuzhou, Jiangsu), offered to submit to the imperial government, along with the prefects of Hai (海州, in modern Lianyungang, Jiangsu) and Yi (沂州, in modern Linyi, Shandong) Prefectures. In anger, Li Na attacked Xu Prefecture, joined by an army from Weibo, but was defeated by joint forces commanded by Liu Qia (劉洽); the military governor of Xuanwu Circuit; Qu Huan (曲環), a commander of the directly-imperially-controlled Shence Army (神策軍); Li Cheng (李澄), an officer of Yongping Circuit (永平, headquartered in modern Kaifeng); and Tang Chaochen (唐朝臣), an officer of Shuofang Circuit (朔方, then headquartered in modern Yinchuan, Ningxia). Li Na was forced to withdraw from his siege against Xu Prefecture, and in the aftermaths, he briefly lost Hai and Mi (密州, in modern Weifang) as well, but quickly recovered them. Li Na himself withdrew to Pu Prefecture (濮州, in modern Heze, Shandong), and Liu followed him there and put Pu Prefecture under siege. As, by that point, Tian Yue was also under siege at his headquarters at Wei Prefecture, Liang Chongyi had committed suicide after having been defeated by Li Xilie the military governor of Huaixi Prefecture (淮西, headquartered in modern Zhumadian, Henan), and Li Weiyue, under pressure from imperial forces, had been killed by his own officer Wang Wujun, who then submitted to imperial authority, it was believed that imperial authority would soon prevail over all of the rebels.
Indeed, by spring 782, Liu was initially making progress in capturing Pu Prefecture and took its outer city, so much so that Li Na got onto the city walls and tearfully begged Liu to allow him to surrender. With Li Mian the military governor of Yongping Circuit also persuading him to surrender, he had his subordinate Fang Shuo (房說) escort his brother Li Jing (李經) and son Li Chengwu (李成務) to Chang'an to submit. However, the eunuch Song Fengchao (宋鳳朝), arguing that Li Na was about to fall anyway, suggested to Emperor Dezong not to accept the surrender; Emperor Dezong therefore detained Fang, Li Jing, and Li Chengwu, and made no responses. Li Na thereafter withdrew out of Pu Prefecture and returned to Yun Prefecture, continuing to ally with Tian against the imperial government. Meanwhile, though, his De (德州, in modern Dezhou, Shandong) and Di (棣州, in modern Binzhou, Shandong) Prefectures submitted to imperial authority, but were subsequently seized by Zhu Tao the military governor of Lulong Circuit (盧龍, headquartered in modern Beijing), who was then considering rebelling against the imperial government (over his dissatisfaction that Emperor Dezong did not give him any part of Chengde's territory despite his contributions in Li Weiyue's destruction) but had not yet openly done so. Meanwhile, Emperor Dezong had also commissioned Li Xilie to be the military governor of Pinglu and ordered him to attack Li Na, but Li Xilie, who was then already in secret alliance negotiations with Li Na, took no actual actions against Li Na.
By winter 782, both Zhu and Wang (who was also displeased that he was not made a military governor despite his killing of Li Weiyue) were openly rebelling against the imperial government. They advanced south to aid Tian and dealt the imperial forces, under the commands of Li Huaiguang the military governor of Shuofang Circuit, Ma Sui the military governor of Hedong Circuit (河東, headquartered in modern Taiyuan, Shanxi), and Li Baozhen the military governor of Zhaoyi Circuit (昭義, headquartered in modern Changzhi, Shanxi), forcing them to lift the siege on Wei Prefecture. In light of their victory, they each claimed princely titles to show independence from Tang — Zhu as the Prince of Ji, Tian as the Prince of Wei, and Wang as the Prince of Zhao. They offered the title of Prince of Qi to Li Na, and Li Na accepted.
As independent Prince of Qi.
The four rebel princes offered their allegiance to Li Xilie, requesting that he take the throne himself as emperor. Li Xilie did not do so immediately, but also claimed a princely title of Prince of Jianxing. Meanwhile, in fall 782, soldiers from Jingyuan Circuit (涇原, headquartered in modern Pingliang, Gansu), at Chang'an to await deployment to the east, mutinied after Emperor Dezong did not give them rewards that they believed they deserved, forcing Emperor Dezong to flee to Fengtian (奉天, in modern Xianyang, Shaanxi). They supported Zhu Tao's brother Zhu Ci as their leader, and Zhu Ci claimed the title of emperor of a new state of Qin. He soon put Fengtian under siege, but had to lift the siege on Fengtian after Li Huaiguang arrived at Fengtian to save Emperor Dezong. However, he continued to occupy Chang'an.
While Emperor Dezong was at Fengtian, he sent messengers to Li Na, Tian Yue, and Wang Wujun, offering to pardon them if they submitted to him. Li Na, along with Wang and Tian, secretly agreed. After Emperor Dezong issued a general pardon in spring 784, Li Na, Tian, and Wang all renounced their princely titles and nominally resubmitted to Tang imperial authority. Emperor Dezong then commissioned Li Na as the military governor of Pinglu and, later in the year, gave him the honorary chancellor designation of "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi" (同中書門下平章事) and created him the Prince of Longxi.
As Tang subject again.
Meanwhile, Li Xilie, who by this point had claimed the title of emperor of a new state of Chu, was putting Chen Prefecture (陳州, in modern Zhoukou, Henan) under siege, but could not capture it quickly. Li Na sent troops to aid Liu Qia, Qu Huan, and Li Cheng in trying to lift the siege on Chen Prefecture, and they succeeded in defeating Li Xilie's troops in winter 784. Thereafter, Emperor Dezong gave Li Na the honorary title of acting "Sikong" (司空, one of the Three Excellencies). Subsequently, in 786, after Li Cheng, who was then the military governor of Yicheng Circuit (義成, headquartered in modern Anyang, Henan), died and was succeeded by Jia Dan, Jia, as a neighbor of Pinglu Circuit, took a conciliatory stance toward Li Na, and Li Na reciprocated, reducing the tension between Pinglu and imperially-held circuits.
In 790, there were rumors that Li Na was planning to escort his subordinate Tian Chao (田朝), a son of Tian Chengsi's and an older brother to Weibo's then-military governor Tian Xu (who had killed Tian Yue and succeeded him in 784) back to Weibo to vie for control of Weibo Circuit. Tian Xu feared this, and, under suggestion by his staff member Sun Guangzuo (孫光佐), he sent gifts to Li Na to please him and persuade him to send Tian Chao to Chang'an — and further suggested Li Na to accept the surrender of the prefect of the previously Pinglu-controlled Di Prefecture, Zhao Gao (趙鎬), who had previously submitted to Wang Wujun's Chengde Circuit but who later refused to follow Wang's orders. Li Na therefore accepted Zhao's surrender and took Di Prefecture, despite Wang's attacks. Tian further cemented the relationship with Li Na by sending Sun to Pinglu's headquarters at Yun Prefecture (鄆州), announcing an imperial edict (which Tian Xu had forged) declaring Di Prefecture to be part of Pinglu Circuit. In anger, Wang sent his son Wang Shiqing (王士清) to attack Weibo's Bei Prefecture (貝州, in modern Xingtai, Hebei), occupying four counties of Bei Prefecture. In winter 790, Emperor Dezong, wanting to put an end to the campaigns between these circuits, ordered Li Na to return Di Prefecture to Chengde; Li Na demanded that Wang return the four counties of Bei Prefecture to Weibo first. Wang did so, and subsequently, Li Na returned Di Prefecture to Chengde.
Li Na died in 792. His subordinates supported his son Li Shigu to succeed him, and Emperor Dezong agreed.

</doc>
<doc id="19841616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841616" title="ASEAN–European Union relations">
ASEAN–European Union relations

The European Union-ASEAN relations refers to bilateral foreign relations between the two organizations, the European Union (EU) and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN). EU and ASEAN have been interacting with each other on the economic, trade and political levels for more than four decades. The partnership between the EU and ASEAN dates back to 1972 when the EU (then known as the European Economic Community) became ASEAN's first formal dialogue partner.
Relations between the two regions are expanding, developing progressively on the economic, political and cultural fronts. Dialogue between the two regions has been enhanced with numerous technical level meetings and bi-annual Ministerial meetings. Whereas in the past, much of the Europe–Southeast Asia relationship has focused on Southeast Asian development, the focus of cooperation has transformed to an emphasis on diplomacy, where the two sides discuses regional and international problems, and finally to a new emphasis on non-traditional risks and regional integration support.
Economic relations.
The EU and ASEAN enjoy robust commercial relations. The EU is ASEAN's third largest trading partner, while ASEAN is the EU's 5th largest trading partner. Total trade in 2011 in goods and services amounted to $265 billion. ASEAN had a surplus of $25 billion in its trade with the EU. The EU is the biggest provider of Foreign Direct Investment into ASEAN, 24% of the total.
Trade has increased significantly over the past decades. EU exports to ASEAN were estimated at €45.7 billion in 1997, up from €8.9 billion in 1987. EU imports from ASEAN were valued at €10 billion in 1987 and had already surged to €46 billion by 1997.
The structure of EU-ASEAN trade has undergone significant changes. In the past, EU exports to ASEAN have included a higher percentage of manufactured products. As ASEAN transforms from a commodity-producing region to a supplier of manufactured goods, there has been a dramatic shift in ASEAN's exports to the EU from primary products to manufactures. Hence, ASEAN's exports consisted mostly of raw materials such as wood, manioc, rubber and palm oil. Today, electronic equipment, textiles and clothing account for a larger share of exports. Trade in services between the two regions has also grown in recent years.
In order to further improve trade between the two regions and to speed up ASEAN's economic integration, there is a regular dialogue at Ministerial level and ASEAN-EU Business Summits are held on a regular basis. The first ASEAN-EU Business Summit was organised in Jakarta in May 2011, followed by a second Business Summit in April 2012 in Phnom Penh and third one in Ha Noi in March 2013. These meetings of business leaders, including small and medium sized enterprises, with ASEAN Trade Ministers and the EU Trade Commissioner generate a host of recommendations for both parties to facilitate trade.
In 2007 the Council authorized the Commission to start negotiating an FTA with ASEAN. FTA negotiations were launched at the ASEAN-EU Economic Ministers (AEM) Consultations held in Brunei Darussalam in the same year. However, trade talks were moving relatively slowly and eventually ground to a halt in 2009. The failed ASEAN-EU FTA paved the way for bilateral FTAs and negotiating Partnership and Cooperation Agreements (PCA) with individual ASEAN member states. The EU has concluded a Free Trade Agreement (FTA) with Singapore in 2012 and is negotiating FTAs with several other ASEAN countries (Vietnam, Thailand, and Malaysia). With Malaysia negotiations are well advanced. These agreements are stepping stones to an overarching region-to-region agreement between the EU and ASEAN.
Political relations.
Historical Overview.
Informal relations between the two regions were established in 1972 through the Special Coordinating Committee of ASEAN. In the same year an ASEAN Brussels Committee (ABC) was set up to discuss commercial issues (the Generalised System of Preferences ) with the EEC. In 1975, relations were formalized through an ASEAN-EEC Joint Study Group which was intended to oversee greater cooperation between the two sides.
After the announcement of the establishment of formal ASEAN–EC ties in 1977, a fully-fledged international dialogue began to emerge. The relationship was taken to a new level when the two regions' regular contacts were raised to the ministerial level. The first EEC-ASEAN ministerial meeting was held in Brussels in November 1978. Since then the meetings have been held at intervals of about eighteen months. They are a key element in the expanding EU-ASEAN dialogue.
In March 1980, a cooperation agreement between the European Community and ASEAN countries was signed at the second EC-ASEAN ministerial meeting held in Kuala Lumpur. This agreement paved the way for closer economic and trade relations between the two sides. This framework agreement sets out objectives for commercial, economic and development cooperation. It aims at promoting trade, investments and business between the two regions. 
ASEAN-EU relations were characterized by disputes in the 1990s.Human rights were one area of contention. East Timor and Burma were other areas of contention which were resolved by turning them into bilateral issues between Indonesia and Portugal and Burma and the EU, respectively, taking them out of any discussion between ASEAN and the EU. With East Timor’s independence it ceased to be a burden in ASEAN-EU relations.
The EU-ASEAN dialogue was reinvigorated in 1994. Foreign Ministers attending the 11th EU-ASEAN ministerial meeting in Germany created the Eminent Persons Group for a comprehensive approach to ASEAN-EU relations. It was agreed to develop a comprehensive approach to ASEAN-EU political and security, economic and cultural relations towards the year 2000 and beyond.
In 1996 EU and ASEAN+3 (China, Japan and Korea) established the Asia-Europe Meeting (ASEM) and held the 1st summit in Thailand. The summit established a vast and ambitious programme for future EU-Asia cooperation in a number of areas and new areas of cooperation were discussed such as tackling global problems and strengthening ASEAN’s own regional integration initiatives.
In 2003 EU and ASEAN signed a Joint Declaration on Cooperation to Combat Terrorism at the 14th Ministerial Meeting in Brussels. As a consequence, anti-terrorism became high on the agenda.
In 2007, The Nuremberg Declaration on an Enhanced EU-ASEAN partnership was signed and in the same year a plan of Action to implement the declaration was adopted. The EU and its member states started appointing Ambassadors as Representatives to ASEAN in 2009 once the ASEAN charter was in place. Following the ASEAN charter, the EU and ASEAN set out to further expand cooperation.
In 2011, the first ASEAN-EU Business Summit (AEBS) was held.
Recent developments.
Momentum has been building up over the last years in the EU-ASEAN relationship. Foreign Ministers of ASEAN and the EU adopted the Bandar Seri Begawan Plan of Action 2013-2017, defining ASEAN-EU cooperation for this period.
Both 2012 and 2013 have seen an unprecedented number of visits by top-level EU officials to ASEAN and its Member States: by Presidents Van Rompuy and Barroso, High representative Ashton and several Commissioners as well as a marked rise in the visits by EU Member States. In July 2012, High representative Ashton signed the EU's accession to ASEAN's Treaty of Amity and Cooperation. 
The EU is an active member of the ASEAN Regional Forum (ARF). The EU and Myanmar will co-chair the ARF Inter-Sessional Support Group on Confidence Building Measures and the related Defence Officials Dialogue for the year 2013-2014.
In 2012 and 2013, High representative Ashton attended the ASEAN Regional Forum Meeting at Ministerial level. The EU and ASEAN have an intensifying dialogue on human rights. In May 2013, EU Special Representative for Human Rights Stavros Lambrinidis met the ASEAN Intergovernmental Commission on Human Rights, while the same Commission is expected to visit the EU institutions soon on their second visit. Dialogue and cooperation is also starting in several security-related fields.
EU-ASEAN development cooperation.
The EU is a major development partner of ASEAN. ASEAN benefits from programme cooperation funded by a variety of EU sources. Programmes are financed by the EU through a variety of sources ranging from the regional budgets to specific budgets. 
Part of the EU-ASEAN cooperation is delivered through EU support programmes. In the period 2007-2013, the EU is providing € 70 million at the regional level through the ASEAN secretariat. This amount is likely to increase in the coming period running from 2014-2020. The EU is the biggest donor to the ASEAN Secretariat.
The EU launched its third programme supporting the creation of the ASEAN Community set to be achieved by 2015. It directly supports ASEAN in its efforts to implement the three Blueprints for the three Communities (Economic community, Political and Security Community, and the Socio-Cultural Community) in the ASEAN charter.
Facilitating the ASEAN economic community has been a natural focus for EU-ASEAN programmes since the 1990s. For instance, a new EU programme will support the building of the ASEAN "single market and production base" through the implementation of measures that will facilitate the free movement of goods across the ASEAN region and, ultimately, enhance ASEAN connectivity (EU ARISE programme, 15 million €, 2012 - 2015). There is also an EU-ASEAN Migration and Border Management Programme aimed at increasing the exchange of information between immigration officials in ASEAN capitals and supports the easing of visa requirements for ASEAN and non-ASEAN nationals within the region.
Providing Support to ASEAN's Socio-Cultural community constitutes a relatively new but growing area of EU-ASEAN cooperation. For instance, there is an increasing exchange of students and scholars between the two regions. Each year around 250 ASEAN students receive scholarships under the EU Erasmus Mundus programme and around 25 ASEAN scholars a year benefit from Marie Curie Fellowships. Adding to this the many scholarships provided by EU Member States, more than 4,000 ASEAN students per year travel to Europe on EU scholarships.
ASEAN's political and security community is also supported, for instance through an EU-ASEAN Migration and Border Management Programme. Improved border management should lead to easier and faster crossing of borders both for persons and goods, while at the same time ensuring better control of transnational crime, illegal migration and the trafficking of human beings . 
Through a number of world-wide EU programmes, ASEAN and the EU cooperate in the areas of energy and climate change, the protection of biodiversity and the promotion of good governance. For instance, the Global Climate Change Alliance (GCCA) was created as an EU initiative to step up cooperation and dialogue between the EU and the developing countries that are hit earliest and hardest by climate change and have the least capacity to react.
The EU is also involved in disaster response and disaster preparedness. This work is primarily undertaken by the humanitarian office of the EU – ECHO. ECHO provided € 299 million to the ASEAN region to bring relief to millions of people whose lives were affected by natural disasters, epidemics and conflicts. Humanitarian aid is provided in a variety of forms depending on the nature of the crisis. It can range from food, clothes, healthcare, shelter, water and sanitation to emergency repairs to infrastructure, demining actions, psychological support and education. To anticipate the consequences of future disasters, the EU also funds disaster preparedness projects in the region.

</doc>
<doc id="19841629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841629" title="Farletuzumab">
Farletuzumab

Farletuzumab (MORAb-003) is a monoclonal antibody which is being investigated for the treatment of ovarian cancer.
This drug was developed by Morphotek, Inc.
It is targeted at FR-alpha which is overexpressed in some cancers such as ovarian cancer.

</doc>
<doc id="19841643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841643" title="John W. Weeks Bridge">
John W. Weeks Bridge

The John W. Weeks Bridge, usually called the Weeks Footbridge (or simply Weeks Bridge), is a pedestrian bridge over the Charles River connecting Cambridge, Massachusetts with the Allston section of Boston.
John W. Weeks was a longtime U.S. Representative, and later Senator, from Massachusetts, as well as Secretary of War in the Harding and Coolidge administrations.
Weeks Bridge was opened in 1927 to carry pedestrian traffic between the Harvard Business School's newly built Allston campus and the Business School's former home, Harvard's traditional campus in Cambridge.
Its concrete underbelly conceals tentacles of the University's steam, electrical, and communications networks.
The bridge is a popular vantage point from which to enjoy the Head of the Charles Regatta. An abrupt bend in the river prompts most boats to crowd through the bridge's center span, and collisions have occurred when coxswains cannot make themselves heard above the cheering of the crowd.

</doc>
<doc id="19841650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841650" title="Dying Is Fine">
Dying Is Fine

"Dying Is Fine" was one of the first songs written by Ra Ra Riot. It was released several times, being reworked for their first full album, "The Rhumb Line", in 2008. The song was inspired by the e. e. cummings poem, "dying is fine)but death"
History and release.
"Dying Is Fine" was written in January 2006. Ra Ra Riot recorded "Dying Is Fine" on a Daytrotter Session on October 15, 2007.
It was reworked and re-recorded several times; as a single for V2 Records, on the 2007 EP "Ra Ra Riot", and on the first album release, "The Rhumb Line", on Barsuk Records.
"Dying Is Fine" was chosen as the Free MP3 of the Day on music blog Spinner on July 17, 2008.
e. e. cummings poem inspiration.
The song is based on e. e. cummings poem "dying is fine)but death". The lyric "Death oh baby/You know that dying is fine but maybe/I wouldn't like death if death's for good/Not even if death were good" mirrors the poem's introduction:
?o<br>
baby<br>
i
wouldn't like
Death if Death<br>
were<br>
good

</doc>
<doc id="19841662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841662" title="Mitiamo, Victoria">
Mitiamo, Victoria

Mitiamo is a town in northern Victoria, Australia. It is in the Shire of Loddon, north of the state capital, Melbourne. At the 2006 census, Mitiamo had a population of 76.
Mitiamo Post Office opened on 13 April 1875. The railway arrived in 1883.
The town has an Australian Rules football team competing in the Loddon Valley Football League.
Golfers play at the course of the Mitiamo Golf Club on Cohuna Road. 
Terrick Terrick National Park is north of the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19841671" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841671" title="Milatuzumab">
Milatuzumab

Milatuzumab is a monoclonal antibody for the treatment of multiple myeloma and other hematological malignancies.
This drug was developed by Immunomedics, Inc.
It has been linked to doxorubicin to form an antibody-drug conjugate for treatment of relapsed multiple myeloma. A phase I/II clinical trial has started.

</doc>
<doc id="19841678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841678" title="Brent Taylor (activist)">
Brent Taylor (activist)

Considered the "intellectual leader" of the Squamish Five, Brent Taylor was sentenced to 9 years in prison for his role in the group's 1982 bombing of the Litton Industries weapons plant, to be served concurrently with 22 years for conspiracy to rob an armoured bank truck, weapons offenses, break and enter and auto theft.
He earned his Bachelor of Arts degree from Queens University in June 1989, while in prison.

</doc>
<doc id="19841679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19841679" title="Hindu Widows' Remarriage Act, 1856">
Hindu Widows' Remarriage Act, 1856

The Hindu Widows' Remarriage Act, 1856, also Act XV, 1856, enacted on 25 July 1856, legalized the remarriage of Hindu widows in all jurisdictions of India under East India Company rule.
In order to protect both what it considered family honour and family property, upper-caste Hindu society had long disallowed the remarriage of widows, even child and adolescent ones, all of whom were expected to live a life of austerity and abnegation. The Hindu Widows' Remarriage Act of 1856, enacted in response to the campaign of Pandit Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar, provided legal safeguards against loss of certain forms of inheritance for a remarrying Hindu widow, though, under the Act, the widow forsook any inheritance due her from her deceased husband. Especially targeted in the act were Hindu child widows whose husbands had died before consummation of marriage. 
The Law.
The preamble and sections 1, 2, and 5:
Whereas it is known that, by the law as administered in the Civil Courts established in the territories in the possession and under the Government of the East India Company, Hindu widows with certain exceptions are held to be, by reason of their having been once married, incapable of contracting a second valid marriage, and the offsprings of such widows by any second marriage are held so be illegitimate and incapable of inheriting property; and
Whereas many Hindus believe that this imputed legal incapacity, although it is in accordance with established custom, is not in accordance with a true interpretation of the precepts of their religion, and desire that the civil law administered by the Courts of Justice shall no longer prevent those Hindus who may he so minded from adopting a different custom, in accordance with the dictates of their own conscience, and
Where it is just to relieve all mach Hindus from this legal incapacity of which they complain, and the removal of all legal obstacles to the marriage of Hindu widows will tend to the promotion of good morals and to the public welfare;
It is enacted as follows:
I. No marriage contracted between Hindus shall be invalid, and the issue of no such marriage shall be illegitimate, by reason of the woman having been previously married or betrothed to another person who was dead at the time of such marriage, any custom and any interpretation of Hindu Law to the contrary notwithstanding.
2. All rights and interests which any widow may have in her deceased husband's property by way of maintenance, or by inheritance to her husband or to his lineal successors, or by virtue of any will or testamentary disposition conferring upon her, without express permission to remarry, only a limited interest in such property, with no power of alienating the same, shall upon her re-marriage cease and determine as if she had then died; and the next heirs of her deceased husband or other persons entitled to the property on her death, shall thereupon succeed so she same ...
5. Except as in the three preceding sections is provided, a widow shall not by reason of her re-marriage forfeit my property or any right to which she would otherwise be entitled, and every widow who has re-married shall have the same rights of inheritance as she would have had, had such marriage been her first marriage.
References.
<br>

</doc>
