<doc id="19871692" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19871692" title="Baruch Mizrachi family">
Baruch Mizrachi family

Baruch Mizrachi (, "Beit Baruch Mizrachi", "House of Baruch Mizrachi") is the oldest known Jewish family in Jerusalem, whose ancestor came to Jerusalem in 1621 and bought five houses in what is now called the Old City.
In 1643, Mizrachi wrote a will bequeathing the houses to his sons, yet preventing them from selling the houses, and obliging them to bequeath the houses to their sons, so that when the Messiah comes, Mizrahi will be able to return and live in his houses. The houses passed from generation to generation, and were the main reason that the family didn't leave Jerusalem (many other Jewish families at time left the city because of the economic conditions at the time). The houses were leased by the family members since the turn of the 20th century to an Arab family, while the family members built their houses outside the walls surrounding the Old City.
Post-independence.
In 1948, the Old City was conquered by the Jordanian army, and the same Arab family continued living in the houses. When Israel occupied East Jerusalem in 1967, the family members returned to the houses and claimed ownership to the property. At the time, the Israeli authorities expropriated and demolished all the houses in the Jewish Quarter of the Old City of Jerusalem in order to build a new neighborhood, and hence the family members were able to collect only compensation, which they felt they were not allowed to collect because of Baruch Mizrachi's will. Instead it was agreed that on the new building, a plaque would be mounted with the family's story.
Jerusalem mayors Teddy Kollek and Uri Lupolianski both promised that upon the arrival of the Messiah, Baruch Mizrachi will be able to receive from the municipality five new houses in Jerusalem.
Descendants.
Several descendants of the family are known today, including former Israeli president Yitzhak Navon and Gilead Sher, an Israeli peace negotiator.
References.
[http://www.jpost.com/LandedPages/PrintArticle.aspx?id=174919]

</doc>
<doc id="19871700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19871700" title="Ballistic impact">
Ballistic impact

Ballistic impact is a high velocity impact by small mass simulation analogous to runway debris or small arms fire. The simulation uses a light gas gun or other ballistic launcher. Ballistic impact loads are necessary to study material response.

</doc>
<doc id="19871707" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19871707" title="Cylex.de">
Cylex.de

Cylex.de is a German online business directory with about 4.5 million entries. The site exists since 1999 and is operated by the IKM Internet Kaufmarkt GmbH, based in Oberhausen, Germany. Contrary to other providers from the outset entries are not chargeable.
The concept of using keywords in individual entries was introduced in the Cylex business directory in 1999 and in the course of time it also has established at other business information services for delivering accurate search results.
Besides addresses Cylex.de also includes German city maps and location plans for the companies. The latter can be used by registered companies for their own websites.
Between January and October 2006 Cylex.de had a growth of range of more than 600%. (Source: Nielsen-Netratings). On Alexa.com the ratio of the daily range can be compared to those of other business information services on the Internet.

</doc>
<doc id="19871733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19871733" title="List of awards and nominations received by Lauryn Hill">
List of awards and nominations received by Lauryn Hill

This page lists the awards won by the singer Lauryn Hill.
Grammy Awards.
The Grammy Awards are awarded annually by the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences. Hill has won eight awards from nineteen nominations.

</doc>
<doc id="19871755" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19871755" title="Aiguille de l'A Neuve">
Aiguille de l'A Neuve

The Aiguille de l'A Neuve is a mountain of the Mont Blanc massif, located on the border between Switzerland and France. It lies close to the Tour Noir to the south. 
The closest locality is L'A Neuve (Valais).

</doc>
<doc id="19871760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19871760" title="Swallow TP">
Swallow TP

__NOTOC__
The Swallow TP was a trainer aircraft produced by the Swallow Airplane Company in the United States from 1928.
Design and construction.
The TP was a simple and rugged biplane design with room for an instructor and student in tandem open cockpits. The fuselage was made from welded steel tubing, faired to shape and then fabric covered. The wings were typical of the day with Spruce spars, spruce & plywood ribs with fabric covering. Built to be easy to fly, and for ease of maintenance, the Swallow TP was quite popular with nearly 200 being built. Initially the TP was offered with the ubiquitous Curtiss OX-5. Later, it was offered with a choice of a Siemens-Halske, Kinner, or Warner engines. Most customers opted for the OX-5 which was the cheapest.

</doc>
<doc id="19871763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19871763" title="Lauryn Hill discography">
Lauryn Hill discography

This article is a discography of the American singer Lauryn Hill.

</doc>
<doc id="19871765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19871765" title="Jan S. Levy">
Jan S. Levy

Jan Schreiner Levy (born 3 September 1943) is a Norwegian civil servant and politician for the Conservative Party.
He started his career as a journalist in "Østlandsposten". He then worked for the Conservative Party between 1966 and 1981, including positions as secretary and editor of the party newspaper. From 1981 to 1986, in the first and second cabinet Willoch, Levy was appointed state secretary in the Ministry of Church and Education and the Ministry of Culture and Science.
When the second cabinet Willoch fell in May 1986, Levy was hired as an advisor in the Ministry of Culture. In October the same year he was appointed director of the Norwegian State Educational Loan Fund. He served until 1993, and was then appointed deputy under-secretary of State in the Ministry of Education. He has been a member of the Directorate for Education in OECD and the higher education group in the Nordic Council of Ministers. He was involved in the Bologna process.

</doc>
<doc id="19871817" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19871817" title="Pointe Kurz">
Pointe Kurz

The Pointe Kurz (3,680 m) is a mountain of the Mont Blanc Massif, located on the border between France and Switzerland. It lies between the glaciers of Argentière and L'A Neuve, west of La Fouly, the closest locality.
The Pointe Kurz is the highest summit of the "Aiguilles Rouges du Dolent", a small range situated between the Tour Noir and Mont Dolent. 

</doc>
<doc id="19871830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19871830" title="Paris Pişmiş">
Paris Pişmiş

Marie Paris Pişmiş de Recilas (January 30, 1911 – August 1, 1999) was a Turkish-Mexican astronomer of Armenian descent.
Pişmiş was born Mari Sukiasyan in 1911, in Ortaköy, Istanbul. In 1937, she became the first woman to get a Ph.D. from the Science Faculty of Istanbul University. Her advisor was Erwin Finlay Freundlich. Later, she went to Harvard University where she met her future husband Félix Recillas, a Mexican mathematician. They settled in Mexico, and she became the first professional astronomer in Mexico. According to Dorrit Hoffleit, "she is the one person most influential in establishing Mexico’s importance in astronomical education and research".
For more than 50 years she worked at UNAM which awarded her a number of prizes including the "Science Teaching Prize".
Pişmiş studied among others the kinematics of galaxies, H II nebulae, the structure of open star clusters and planetary nebulae. She compiled the catalogue Pismis of 22 open clusters and 2 globular clusters in the southern hemisphere.
In 1998, she published an autobiography entitled "Reminiscences in the Life of Paris Pişmiş: a Woman Astronomer". 
She died in 1999. According to her wish, she was cremated. Her daughter Elsa is an astrophysicist.

</doc>
<doc id="19871846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19871846" title="California Health and Human Services Agency">
California Health and Human Services Agency

The California Health and Human Services Agency (CHHS) is the state agency tasked with administration and oversight of "state and federal programs for health care, social services, public assistance and rehabilitation" in the U.S. state of California. The agency is headed by the Secretary of the California Health and Human Services Agency, with headquarters in Sacramento. On December 7, 2010, Governor-Elect Jerry Brown nominated Diana Dooley to be Secretary of CHHS.
CHHS was created from a reorganization of other California agencies, including the California Health and Welfare Agency which included the California Department of Health Services.
Organization.
The agency is divided into various departments and boards:

</doc>
<doc id="19871854" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19871854" title="John Austen">
John Austen

John Archibald Austen (Dover (Kent), 5 January 1886 – Hythe (Kent), 27 October 1948) was an English book illustrator. His early works, including a fine Hamlet, were Beardsleyesque in style, but after 1925 he was influenced by the Art Deco movement. Books which he illustrated in this manner include Daphnis and Chloe and As You Like it. Austen used several techniques in his illustrations, including wood-engraving and scraperboard, and changed styles to suit the text he was illustrating. He was also involved in advertising, producing adverts and several posters. He was a friend of Alan Odle and Harry Clarke and exhibited with them at the St George's Gallery in 1925. The novelist Dorothy Richardson wife of Alan Odle wrote about him in "John Austen and the Inseperables" (London: William Jackson, 1930).
Issue 27 of The Imaginative Book Illustration Society's "Studies in Illustration" contains a full bibliography by Martin Steenson.
Works illustrated.
Includes:

</doc>
<doc id="19871863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19871863" title="Petit Grépillon">
Petit Grépillon

The Petit Grépillon is a mountain of the Mont Blanc Massif, located on the border between Italy and Switzerland. It lies on the range south-east of Mont Dolent, between the glaciers of Pré de Bard (Aosta Valley) and Dolent (Valais).

</doc>
<doc id="19871871" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19871871" title="John Alexander Macdonald (Nova Scotia politician)">
John Alexander Macdonald (Nova Scotia politician)

John Alexander Macdonald (January 3, 1883 – June 11, 1945) was a physician and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Richmond—West Cape Breton in the Canadian House of Commons from 1925 to 1930 as a Conservative member. He sat for Richmond—West Cape Breton division as a member of the Senate of Canada from 1932 to 1945.
He was born in Havre Boucher, Nova Scotia, the son of Hugh Macdonald, and was educated at Saint Francis Xavier University and Dalhousie University. In 1912, Macdonald married Margaret Lola Maxwell. He represented Richmond County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1916 to 1925, when he resigned to run for a federal seat. Macdonald resigned his seat in the Commons in 1930 to allow Edgar Nelson Rhodes to be elected there. He was a member of the Knights of Columbus. He died in office as a member of the Senate at the age of 62.

</doc>
<doc id="19871887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19871887" title="Girl with a Pearl Earring (play)">
Girl with a Pearl Earring (play)

Girl with a Pearl Earring is a 2008 play. Adapted from the novel of the same title by Tracy Chevalier, it premiered at the Cambridge Arts Theatre. It then received its London premiere at the Theatre Royal Haymarket on 29 September 2008, directed by Joe Dowling and designed by Peter Mumford. Its London run had been scheduled to end on 1 November, but after largely poor reviews and in a poor financial climate it closed early on 18 October.

</doc>
<doc id="19871910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19871910" title="Andreas Aagaard Kiønig">
Andreas Aagaard Kiønig

Andreas Aagaard Kiønig (1771 - 1856) was a Norwegian judge and politician.
He was born in Grue, and graduated as cand.jur. in 1790.
He was elected to the Norwegian Constituent Assembly in 1814, representing the constituency of Hedemarkens Amt. At that time he worked as a district stipendiary magistrate ("sorenskriver") in Østerdalen.
He was then appointed Supreme Court Assessor the same year. In 1836, when appointment of a new Chief Justice was due, Kiønig was a candidate, but the position was given to Georg Jacob Bull. As a result, Kiønig retired as a Supreme Court Assessor.

</doc>
<doc id="19871944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19871944" title="French ship Scipion (1813)">
French ship Scipion (1813)

The Scipion was a 74-gun "Téméraire"-class ship of the line of the French Navy.
She was commissioned in 1813, captained by Louis François Richard Barthélémy de Saizieu. She was refitted in 1823.
On 30 September 1827, she collided with "Provence", which sustained serious damage and had to return to Toulon for repairs.
On 20 October 1827, she took part in the Battle of Navarino, under Pierre Bernard Milius, sailing behind the "Sirène" in the line. At the outbreak of the battle, "Scipion" narrowly escaped destruction by a fireship which became jammed under her bowsprit; her fore sails caught fire and the fire spread into the upper gun-deck, but was eventually put out by the crew. "Trident" succeeded in attaching a tow-line to the fireship and, with the assistance of and two other British boats, pulling it clear. "Sirène", "Trident" and "Scipion" then proceeded to silence the batteries of the fort of Navarino.
She was eventually struck in 1846.

</doc>
<doc id="19871968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19871968" title="Ole Olsen Evenstad (born 1766)">
Ole Olsen Evenstad (born 1766)

Ole Olsen Evenstad (1766–1833) was a Norwegian politician.
He was elected to the Norwegian Constituent Assembly in 1814, representing the constituency of Hedemarkens Amt. He worked as a farmer and police sergeant at Evenstad in Stor-Elvdal. He returned in 1824 to serve one term in the Norwegian Parliament.

</doc>
<doc id="19871969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19871969" title="Ole Olsen Evenstad">
Ole Olsen Evenstad

Ole Olsen Evenstad may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19871980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19871980" title="Ole Olsen Evenstad (born 1775)">
Ole Olsen Evenstad (born 1775)

Ole Olsen Evenstad (1775 – ??) was a Norwegian politician.
He was elected to the first session of the Norwegian Parliament in 1833, representing the constituency of Hedemarkens Amt. He worked as a farmer there. He only served one term.

</doc>
<doc id="19871987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19871987" title="Jacques de Serisay">
Jacques de Serisay

Jacques de Serisay (1594 in Paris – November 1653 in La Rochefoucauld, Charente) was a French poet, intendant of the duc de La Rochefoucauld, and the founding director of the Académie française from 1634 to 11 January 1638 where he was the first occupant of seat three. Only a few of his poems are extant.

</doc>
<doc id="19871999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19871999" title="Gilbert + Tobin">
Gilbert + Tobin

Gilbert + Tobin is a corporate law firm headquartered in Sydney, Australia, with offices in Melbourne and Perth.
Gilbert + Tobin was established in 1988 by Danny Gilbert and Tony Tobin and firm employs more than 500 people. It has the highest proportion of female partners of any major Australian law firm and was the first firm to employ a full time pro bono lawyer.
In May 2011, Gilbert + Tobin merged with Perth-based firm Blakiston & Crabb following a year of operating as associated firms. Gilbert + Tobin also maintained a strategic alliance with Chinese law firm King & Wood between 2007 and 2011.
Legal expertise.
Gilbert + Tobin provides legal advice on:

</doc>
<doc id="19872006" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872006" title="List of Halloween television specials">
List of Halloween television specials

Teen drama.
ABC Family.
The TV channel ABC Family annually presents their special called 13 Nights of Halloween where specialized Halloween episodes of regularly scheduled programs, as well as specified Halloween specials and movies to play for the 13 nights leading up to October 31.
British Halloween themed TV.
In the UK, Halloween has to compete with Bonfire Night hence is not as big as an occasion as in the USA. British Halloween themed television programmes are few and far between (in year order):-
Others.
The Canterville Ghost (1986 film).
The Canterville Ghost, based on the novel "The Canterville Ghost", is a 1986 made-for-television film starring John Gielgud and Alyssa Milano.
The Halloween Tree (1993 TV film).
In 1993 Hanna-Barbera produced a made-for-television animated adaptation of Ray Bradbury's classic novel of the same name. Featuring narration by the author himself, the movie explains some of the history of the holiday as experienced via an across-time adventure with a group of trick-or-treating kids. The hand-painted backgrounds, haunting music of John Debney, and Bradbury's narration elevate this to much more than a children's Halloween special.
The Midnight Hour.
The Midnight Hour (also known as In the Midnight Hour) is a 1985 comedy/horror television movie which aired on ABC on Friday, November 1, 1985 at 9:00-11:00 PM EST and stars Shari Belafonte-Harper, LeVar Burton, Peter DeLuise, and Dedee Pfeiffer.
Once Upon a Midnight Scary (1979).
A 1979 television anthology Halloween special that was hosted by Vincent Price. The stories featured were The Ghost Belonged To Me, The Legend of Sleepy Hollow and The House With a Clock In Its Walls.
The Price Is Right.
Starting in Season 36 (2007), when Drew Carey began hosting the show, each season of the popular US game show has featured a full Halloween episode, with the host, announcer, models, set, and Showcases decorated for this holiday.
The Season 36 and 37 episodes featured models in costume during all One Bids and prize presentations (in 2008, models presented cars as police officers and carhops), and monster-themed Showcases. Drew Carey has appeared with fake fangs (2007) and a hatchet (2008), and Rich Fields appeared as Zorro in 2008.
The Season 38 episode featured contestants and the show's host, announcer, and models in costume (traditionally prohibited), and debuted the annual Halloween theme, with the show's game props being the theme. The entire set was decorated for the holiday, with many of the set's changes in 2009 playing key roles. A "haunting" arrangement of the show's theme was played during the introductions, Carey introduced by his costume, and Halloween-themed decorations around the set, including appropriate colors replacing the show's usual colors. The new Showcase podiums were covered with tombstones featuring a door that opened to unveil the price (without the prize description screen), with different fonts used for both Grocery Game price cards and the Showcase video screen. Also, the traditional buzzer and losing horns (except in Plinko) were replaced with screams.
The following was how the show's major figures were dressed:
Season 39's Halloween theme was The Wizard of Oz. The studio was decorated as The Yellow Brick Road (renamed Golden Brick Road for the show, which also included renaming Golden Road as "Golden Brick Road") and The Emerald City. 
The following was how this show's major figures were dressed:
Season 40's Halloween theme was a 1970s Dance Party, in celebration of the show's 40th anniversary. A disco theme was announced, with the staff in costume of the era, disco balls on the set, and disco-style remixes of the show's cues are used.
Season 41's Halloween theme is a Carnival, with the following figures:
Season 42 featured a generic Halloween Haunted House theme, with the curtains replaced for the episode, and the One Bid podiums featuring a haunted house theme:
Three pricing games (Lucky $even, Rat Race, Switch?) had their names changed for the occasion (Yucky $even, Bat Race, Witch), and in Cliff Hangers, the mountain climber was the Grim Reaper. Geoff Peterson from "The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson" also appeared on the show.
The Wickedest Witch (1989).
A made-for-television film that aired on NBC on October 30, 1989.
AMC Halloween movie specials.
AMC broadcasts many of the Halloween classics including the Halloween (1978 film) series, Friday the 13th (1980 film), Nightmare on Elm Street, and An American Werewolf in London during the month of October.

</doc>
<doc id="19872013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872013" title="Woofer (disambiguation)">
Woofer (disambiguation)

Woofer usually refers to a woofer, a large loudspeaker driver. It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19872020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872020" title="Jens Erichstrup">
Jens Erichstrup

Jens Erichstrup (1775–1826) was a Norwegian politician.
Hailing from Skien, he took an education in law and graduated as cand.jur. in 1798. He was appointed bailiff ("foged") of Lister in 1810.
He was elected to the Norwegian Constituent Assembly in 1814, representing the constituency of Lister Amt. He returned in 1818 to serve in the Norwegian Parliament.
The same year he was appointed bailiff in Laurvig. He soon became acting County Governor of "Jarlsbergs og Laurvigs Amt" (today named Vestfold). While serving here, he was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1821 and 1824. Erichstrup was then County Governor of "Rogalands Amt" (today named Rogaland) from 1825 to his death.

</doc>
<doc id="19872058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872058" title="Pointe des Ecandies">
Pointe des Ecandies

The Pointe des Ecandies is a mountain of the Mont Blanc Massif, located between Trient and Champex in the canton of Valais. It is located north of the Pointe d'Orny and east of the Trient Glacier.

</doc>
<doc id="19872061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872061" title="Osmund Andersen Lømsland">
Osmund Andersen Lømsland

Osmund Andersen Lømsland (1765 – 1841) was a Norwegian farmer and politician.
He was born in Oddernes, and worked as a farmer in Tveit.
He was elected to the Norwegian Constituent Assembly in 1814, representing the constituency of Mandals Amt. He left politics after this.

</doc>
<doc id="19872076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872076" title="Le Châtelet (mountain)">
Le Châtelet (mountain)

Le Châtelet (2,537 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Mont Blanc massif, overlooking Orsières in the canton of Valais. It lies between the valleys of Orny and Saleina.

</doc>
<doc id="19872077" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872077" title="Syvert Amundsen Eeg">
Syvert Amundsen Eeg

Syvert Amundsen Eeg (1757–1838) was a Norwegian farmer and politician.
He hailed from Søgne, where he worked as a farmer and shipmaster.
He was elected to the Norwegian Constituent Assembly in 1814, representing the constituency of Mandals Amt. He left politics after this.

</doc>
<doc id="19872101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872101" title="John Alexander McDonald (politician)">
John Alexander McDonald (politician)

John Alexander McDonald (September 24, 1889 – April 16, 1962) was a farmer and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented King's County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1920 to 1925 as a Liberal member. McDonald sat for King's division in the Senate of Canada from 1945 to 1962.
He was born in Upper Dyke Village, Nova Scotia, the son of Andrew S. McDonald and Clara Kidston. McDonald was educated at the Kentville Academy and Acadia University. In 1912, he married Marguerite Taylor. McDonald was minister without portfolio from 1923 to 1925 and Minister of Agriculture from 1933 to 1945 in the province's Executive Council. He was defeated when he ran for reelection to the provincial assembly in 1925. McDonald died in office at the age of 72.

</doc>
<doc id="19872104" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872104" title="Mike Sangster">
Mike Sangster

Mike Sangster (11 September 1940 – 30 April 1985) was a former British No. 1 tennis player of the 1960s. He reached at least the quarter-final stage of each of the four Grand Slams, getting to the semi-finals of the 1963 French Open, 1961 Wimbledon and the 1961 US Open. Sangster was ranked World No. 7 in 1961 by Ned Potter.
Birth and Early life.
Mike Sangster was born in Kingskerswell, Devon on 11 September 1940. On 30 May 1943, he survived being killed by German bombs when his sister decided not to take him to Sunday School. 24 children died when the church was bombed. He attended Torquay Boys' Grammar School. As a teenager he played football for Torquay United and was offered a contract by West Ham United, before turning to tennis.
Tennis career.
Mike Sangster made his first Wimbledon appearance aged 17 in 1958 and quickly rose to become British No. 1. He was immensely popular with the British public throughout the 1960s. He was renowned for his massive serve and for being a snappy dresser on court.
1961 Wimbledon Championships – Men's Singles.
In 1961, Sangster became the first Briton in almost a quarter of a century to reach the Wimbledon Men's Singles Semi-finals (the previous being Bunny Austin in 1938). Sangster was beaten by the eighth seeded American, Chuck McKinley, 6–4 6–4 8–6. The only other Britons to have reached the Wimbledon semis since have been Roger Taylor, Tim Henman and Andy Murray.
In 1963, aged 22, Sangster reached the semi finals of the French Tennis Championships where he lost to eventual champion Roy Emerson of Australia 8–6 6–3 6–4.
In 1964, Sangster's Australian coach, George Worthington, died. The death of his coach and mentor seemed to undermine Sangster's resolve.
Grand Slam record.
While Sangster never reached a Grand Slam final, he is one of only three British men since Fred Perry (the others being Tim Henman and Andy Murray) to have reached the semi-finals of three different Grand Slam events – Wimbledon in 1961, the US National Tennis Championships in 1961 and the French Championships in 1963.
Serve.
Sangster was renowned for his fast serve. His fastest serve was recorded at 154 miles per hour in 1963. This compares with the current world record of 155 mph set by Andy Roddick in a Davis Cup match against Russia in 2004. Although it was considered by many to be a world record at the time, Sangster's record remains unofficial since it was not timed with precise modern technology (Similarly, Bill Tilden had a serve timed unofficially at 163.6 mph in 1931). To return his serve, players had to retreat to the back of the court. In one match at the US Open, Rod Laver retreated so far back that he became entangled with the backstop netting.
Davis Cup.
Sangster holds the record for the most matches played for Great Britain in the Davis Cup. He played 65 matches from 1960 to 1968, winning 43 of them.
Later Life and Death.
In later years, Sangster ran a chain of sporting goods stores in southwestern England. Mike Sangster collapsed and died of a heart attack while playing golf on 30 April 1985. He was 44 years old.
References.
1. Davis Cup profile of Mike Sangster
2. Report on Sangster's death
3. Details of 1961 Wimbledon Championships – similar pages for other Grand Slam data
4. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/tennis/frenchopen/2380194/Sangster-played-heroic-roles-in-sporting-arena.html

</doc>
<doc id="19872105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872105" title="Ecurie Bonnier">
Ecurie Bonnier

Ecurie Bonnier, Ecurie Suisse, Joakim Bonnier Racing Team and Anglo-Suisse Racing Team were names used by Swedish racing driver Joakim Bonnier to enter his own cars in Formula One, Formula Two and sports car racing between 1957 and his death in 1972. Commonly the vehicles were entered for Bonnier himself, but he also provided cars for a number of other drivers during the period.
Formula One.
Jo Bonnier began entering cars in Formula One under his own name in 1957, first with a Maserati 250F, without much success, recording only two non-points scoring finishes from his six World Championship entries in 1957 and 1958. However, with strong performances in other races Bonnier attracted the attention of more established teams, and over the next seven years principally drove for the works BRM and Porsche teams, and Rob Walker's highly-organised privateer outfit.
Bonnier returned to entering his own team in 1966, under the name Anglo-Suisse Racing to reflect his residency in Switzerland at the time. His principal mount that year was a Cooper-Maserati T81, painted in Swiss racing red and white, but he also fielded a Brabham at times. The year started promisingly at the season-opening non-Championship 1966 BRDC International Trophy at the Silverstone Circuit, with Bonnier qualifying the Cooper in sixth place and finishing a strong third, but the rest of the season brought little joy. Anglo-Suisse Racing's first Championship points would only come at the season-closing 1966 Mexican Grand Prix, from sixth place. During the year Anglo-Suisse also ran a Cooper-BRM T82, also painted red and white, for Swiss driver Jo Siffert in European Formula Two races.
Bonnier continued to enter the Cooper during , but under the Joakim Bonnier Racing Team banner. The season was marginally more productive than the previous year, with Bonnier scoring Championship points in Germany and the US. In Bonnier started the season with the aging Cooper, but this was rapidly replaced by the unique, ex-works McLaren-BRM M5A for the majority of that year's races. At the final race of the season, the 1968 Mexican Grand Prix, Honda offered Bonnier the use of a spare RA301 when the McLaren's BRM engine failed during practice. It was with the Honda that Bonnier scored his eponymous team's best World Championship result: fifth.
At the end of 1968 Bonnier himself decided to step back from Formula One competition and concentrate on his sports car commitments. He continued to make occasional appearances, however. In 1969 the new Ecurie Bonnier name appeared alongside Team Lotus's co-entered Lotus 63 experimental four-wheel drive car at the 1969 British Grand Prix, and with a conventional Lotus 49B at the next race in Germany. Bonnier retired without scoring points on both occasions. In and Ecurie Bonnier raced with a McLaren M7C. Bonnier made tentative steps to act as an entrant for other drivers in 1971, entering young Austrian Helmut Marko for the 1971 German Grand Prix. However, he quit before the race because the team was so badly organised, leaving Bonnier to drive in his stead. Having failed to even qualify at some races, Bonnier decided to quit Formula One for good at the end of 1971.
Complete World Championship Formula One results.
(key) (Results in bold indicate pole position; results in "italics" indicate fastest lap; † indicates shared drive.) 
Formula Two.
Jo Bonnier first entered Formula Two cars in 1966, for the Swiss driver Jo Siffert who drove a Cooper-BRM T82. The first race of the season was scheduled for Oulton Park but although practice was held the race was cancelled because of snow on the track. Siffert was 15th in practice, almost seven seconds behind the fastest man Jim Clark. At Goodwood Siffert finished in a fine seventh position. Siffert didn't start in Pau because he had crashed in practice and the team was not able to repair the car before the race. At Reims Bonnier drove the Cooper to ninth position, two laps down on race winner Jack Brabham. At Rouen Jo retired from the race during the fifth lap. Sten Axelsson finished ninth in the Kanonloppet. At the Keimola-Ring Max Johansson finished in 12th position. Giancarlo Baghetti drove the Cooper at the Autodrome de Linas-Montlhery where he retired on lap seven after an electrical failure. 
In 1971 Ecurie Bonnier also entered cars in Formula Two, for the young and talented driver Helmut Marko. In the first race of the season at Hockenheim Marko wasn't classified because he failed to finish in both heats. Ecurie Bonnier skipped Thruxton and it was back at the Nürburgring where Marko finished in eighth position, but was awarded one point because of a rule preventing Formula One drivers who score points in Formula One from taking points in the European Formula Two championship as well. In Jarama Marko again failed to finish because his car's differential broke. Ecurie Bonnier would not enter a car again until the last race of the season in Vallelunga. Helmut Marko had left the team so Bonnier drove the car and finished in 12th position, three laps down on race winner Mike Beuttler.
Complete European Formula Two results.
(key) (Results in bold indicate pole position; results in "italics" indicate fastest lap; † indicates shared drive.) 
Sports car racing.
It was with sports cars that Jo Bonnier first became involved in motor racing, entering Alfa Romeo saloons and sports cars in various Scandinavian rally, ice racing and circuit championships during the early 1950s. He stepped up to true racing sports cars with various Maserati two-seaters, including his own Maserati 150S. In common with his single seater career, the majority of Bonnier's sports car entries during the first half of the 1960s were with works or established privateer teams, and it wasn't until the latter years of that decade that he began to enter his own cars once again.
For 1968 Bonnier purchased a McLaren M6B for use in the North American Can-Am series, and an ex-John Surtees Lola T70 Mk3 GT for use in European races. Both were finished in the Ecurie Bonnier/Ecurie Suisse Swedish racing yellow, but retained vestiges of the previous year's Anglo-Suisse identity with longitudinal white and red stripes along their centre line. Results with the McLaren were generally disappointing, with Ecurie Suisse's best result being third place against mainly local opposition at the Can-Am series' non-Championship 200 mile race at the Fuji Speedway in Japan. The Lola proved more competitive, however, and Bonnier took top ten places at two of the four World Sportscar Championship (WSC) races that he contested in 1968, finished in second in the Players Trophy race at Silverstone, and won both the Anderstorp and Norisring 200 km races. For 1969 Ecurie Suisse upgraded to the new Lola Mk3B specification car, in keeping with the newly introduced FIA sports car rules. With this car Bonnier finished fifth in the 1969 1000 km Spa race, and he took two second place finishes in the 1969 British RAC Sports Car Championship.
For 1970 Ecurie Suisse took a new route. Rather than just fielding large capacity sports cars such as the McLaren and Lola T70s, the team decided to concentrate on the class. Retaining the Ecurie Suisse yellow livery, but running under the Ecurie Bonnier moniker, the little Lola T210 provided excellent results, with Bonnier taking class wins in the Salzburgring, Anderstorp, Hockenheim and Enna rounds of the European Sportscar Championship (ESC), in addition to second places at Paul Ricard and Spa. This secured the series title for the, by now veteran, Swede. In 1971 Ecurie Bonnier switched entirely to the smaller capacity cars, fielding an updated, T212-specification Lola for Italian driver Mario Casoni. Bonnier himself drove a similar car entered by Scuderia Filipinetti.
In 1972 Ecurie Bonnier decided to expand and upgrade their stable, with brand new three litre Lola-Cosworth T280 cars for Bonnier and new team mates Reine Wisell, Gérard Larrousse and Chris Craft in the WSC, alongside the year old Filipinetti/Bonnier T212s for a number of junior drivers. The team also ran T290 Lolas in the ESC, for Jorge de Bagration, Claude Swietlik, Roland Heiler and others. While the T280s chassis was a proven unit, the Cosworth DFV engine had been designed with Formula One racing in mind and frequently failed to complete the longer distances required of sports car racing. Sadly for Bonnier and his team, the Swede's long driving career was to come to an end at the wheel of one of his own cars. For the 1972 24 Hours of Le Mans race Bonnier was sharing a T280 with Larrousse and Gijs van Lennep. Things were going well, with Bonnier's car leading briefly and setting fastest lap before transmission troubles, but in attempting to lap the Ferrari Daytona of Florian Vetsch Bonnier instead ran into the back of the slower car. The Lola was sent spinning into the trees and Bonnier was killed instantly. Ecurie Bonnier limped on into the 1973 season – with the team's new T292 Lolas sporting sponsorship backing from Portuguese property investment company BIP and piloted by a number of Portuguese drivers, including Carlos Gaspar and Jorge Pinhol—but at the end of the season Ecurie Bonnier was wound up for good.

</doc>
<doc id="19872122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872122" title="Croix de Fer">
Croix de Fer

The Croix de fer (2,343 m) is a mountain of the Mont Blanc Massif, overlooking Trient in the canton of Valais. It is located north of the Tête de Balme and L'Arolette and it is the culminating point of the group between the Col des Montets and the Col de Balme.

</doc>
<doc id="19872132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872132" title="Wild Side Story">
Wild Side Story

Wild Side Story is a stage show that originated as an underground happening in Miami Beach, Florida in 1973. From that year until the end of production in 2004, it was performed hundreds of times in Florida, Sweden, California and Spain.
Origins, style and technique.
This cult stage show was first conceived and created in Miami Beach in 1972 by director Lars Jacob for an underground cast of nine poorly paid performers who were in it for the kicks, using stage names such as Rena Del Rio, Peaches Del Monte, Chiena Chinette, Jessica Kilo, Tom Flavio, Crystal Beed and Aretha Filthy so as not to disclose their actual identities. Most were young Cuban refugees. One exception was Roxanne Russell who eventually achieved national notoriety and began to use his real name Logan Carter.
The piece was originally called "West Side Tuna" because of their preceding highly charismatic, but theatrically needy production, "The Hot Tuna Revue", in which, as Del Rio later admitted, "We were just giving faces".
It opened officially as "Wild Side Story" on August 8, 1973.
Moved two blocks up 22nd Street the following month by club owner Larry Boxx, from the shady old Ambassador III lounge to his brand new Stonewall disco, "Wild Side Story" reopened there on September 3, 1973, closer to a popular public beach. It now established itself as albeit bizarre but exciting after-midnight entertainment for more diverse crowds. Many were young tourists who would not have planned to go to a gay bar and now saw transvestite characters on stage (and some in the room) for the very first time. The move also brought a revamp of the cast of characters, partly and loosely built on those of "West Side Story", with Jacob henceforth casting real girls in leading parts "Anita" and "Betty-Sue". One supporting part continued to call for a female to play a meretricious male gang member called "Macho", which was a first even in cosmopolitan South Florida.
Boxx called "Wild Side Story" “a fantastic attempt at true camp the way it should be done, and you can quote me on that”.
Though the hour-long show continued to be performed with the cast lip-synching to pre-recorded songs, about half of them from several versions of the Broadway classic, it evolved into something more difficult to classify than a conventional drag show. Character caricatures developed. Lip and tongue motion was intentionally exaggerated to spoof the mouthing method, and a number of live spices, such as "America" clapping and foot drumming and "Rumble" screams, were added. When an audience had resolved itself to sit through what looked to many like a sort of pantomime play, "Tony" suddenly sang a special lyric into a live microphone, this confusing even him, even more, after having flipped too indiscriminately over a mysterious “Maria” (see below). Slide shows and 8mm film segments were included. Show-goers were taken by surprise with a takeoff on technical failure where one of the actresses would stomp her foot and begin swearing out loud till her number just as unexpectedly resumed. The long street fight where first "Bernardo" then "Betty-Sue" are fatally stabbed, she with her own knife dug out of the deep of her big gold purse, was done here in slow motion and strobe lighting, an effect staged after 1973 by the directors of a number of other productions.
Looking for a story line.
The "Wild Side Story" plot, later in Europe purported to be “from the wildest side of the trans-Atlantic West”, is mainly about “Bernardo” being visited by problematic little brother, José “Maria” Gonzalez, who cross-dresses convincingly to go job-hunting. With boyfriend-owner “Betty-Sue” busy smoking cigarettes, “Tony” can go gaga over “Maria” and does so without taking a second or even a careful look. A lovesick calamity of abandon unfolds amid pick-pockets, male and female chauvinist pigs, false eyelashes, murder, initially misplaced false boobs, and all is summed up with what amounts to a hippie hypocrisy revival meeting at the end (see below).
“Anita” is portrayed as an extremely dangerous and powerful woman so nobody dares tell her that the reds in her satin skirt and ruffled top clash monstrously. Since she won’t let any real women get close to her man, her girlfriends are two tall, muscular drag queens with hairy armpits, whose motivations for cross-dressing remain unclear (one of them was actually portrayed two times by a recent bank robber, unknown as such to the production). The names of this pair are “Consuelo” and “Obvióla”. They have been reviewed as the "riot act of the show". Each in a stolen nuns' habit, they complain about new competitor “Maria” in a "Sound of Music" song.
Throughout the story Mae West movie quips, done by all cast members in turn, interrupt the action (with a Laugh-In-type point spotlight) and her version of the song "All of Me" is also included as a solo for “Consuelo”. Early on, “Betty-Sue” is spied on, in her big number "Leader of the Pack" (Bette Midler), by the two mischievous queens, and later she gets soused to "You Don’t Know what Love Is" (Patti Page) before having the traumatic experiences of (1) that technical breakdown and (2) getting slain with that knife.
Songs by La Lupe ("Fever" with “Obvióla”), Elvis Presley ("Trouble" with “Bernardo”), Marilyn Monroe ("Diamonds..." with the girls), of course Lou Reed ("Walk on the Wild Side" with “Macho”, “Chino” and “Tony”) and Peggy Lee ("Is That All There Is?" with “Anita”) round out the material performed, aside from a seductive “Maria” having duped “Tony” with "The Birds and the Bees" (Alma Cogan) and "Think about It" (Lyn Collins).
Sondheim lyrics are re-performed with new meaning when “Maria” feels “pretty and witty and gay” and “hardly can believe I’m real” or an infuriated “Anita” (in a Carol Burnett version) shouts “stick to your own kind!” at her. A meticulously directed reinterpretation of the enchanting "Tonight" song has “Tony” torn tensely between self-destructive love pangs and ensuing anatomical suspicion, while “Maria” to the audience begins to regret causing so much trouble, just to find employment, and embarks on an exit strategy while fearfully trying to keep “Tony” from screwing it up. When done right, the number has been correctly perceived (for all the comedy in his manuscript) as the climax of a permeating and grave undercurrent of dislike on the part of director Lars Jacob toward a suicidal syndrome in entertainment launched by "Romeo and Juliet".
“Obvióla”, decked out like the Queen of the Universe, makes a dramatic physical pass at “Maria” who then finally strips off the girl guise and goes back to being “José Maria”, Shirley Bassey providing the lyric with the drag classic "This Is My Life". It is performed here, however, with such increasingly convincing masculinity that the singer’s famous female voice becomes secondary to what the dramatic character is doing. The starring actor then closes his challenging trisexual role with a bit of brother “Bernardo’s” Presley number (as named above) and dons a sequin top hat over jeans and a Puerto Rico t-shirt seen in the "Prologue" slide show.
One of three to five successive "Finale" numbers (depending on how you count them) has aspiring soul goddess “Consuelo” in the highest possible beehive hairdo waking all the dead to devise a happy ending. This is done, in what could be considered questionable taste, to a very rousing version of "Somewhere" from the early 1970s, a live recording in which Diana Ross and the Supremes invoke “Doctor Martin Luther King...” while making large income performing for gamblers at one of the biggest casinos in Las Vegas.
Settings and venues.
Florida run and tours 1973–1975.
The Stonewall of Miami Beach (above) housed "Wild Side Story" for only one season spanning the winter of 1973–1974. The director had an evening job behind the front desk of the Doral Hotel (Doral-on-the-Ocean) and would hurry down to 22nd Street in time to play “Tony” after midnight.
To take slide pictures for a special introduction to the "Dance at the Gym" Jacob talked a janitor at Miami Beach High School into admitting the cast to that gymnasium dressed in rented ballet tutus. This took place long enough after regular hours to satisfy the conscientious school employee that no pupils need be unnecessarily alarmed or harmed by these extraordinary personalities flitting about and striking a number of seemingly pertinent poses. Those slides have been used ever since, in every show for 30 years.
Not content to sit on the laurels of a first successful run at a popular club, Jacob planned for his next production to be called "22nd Street", but the Stonewall burned to the ground in the spring of 1974. The disaster allowed for no time to take advantage of major publicity from just a few weeks before. Two cast members had been featured in Miami Magazine’s new cover story by Ella Smilkstein called "Bring Back the Girls". Benny Garcia and Tony Del Valle had done themselves up so convincingly and attractively that the staid general-reader publication didn't seem to realize it was using young men as models for an article than began “Believe it or not, there are still some real men around who appreciate "real" women...”.
Jacob had a limited hiatus in Ft. Lauderdale doing a small part (his restored 1950 Cadillac also had a part) on the set of Dustin Hoffman’s movie "Lenny", then went up to see family in St. Petersburg and on to Tampa. There he first met Steve Vigil (a lot more of whom below) while visiting a small disco to book a tour for his Miami Beach troupe.
Getting his unruly cast aboard a cheap Air Florida flight was a major challenge, but the one night booking in Tampa at the Carousel Lounge on April 28, 1974, was one of the show’s biggest hits so far. Roxanne Russell had a concert booked at another club in town and changed the hour so that the two shows wouldn’t compete, leading to a head-of-state level summit of the stars, or so it seemed to some present, afterwards at an all night Denny's.
The owner of competing Rene’s Lounge came and said it was “an unbelievable, fantastic show” and a weighty visiting show director, "Miss Pauline" of the Palace in Orlando, had “never seen a show of this kind so professional or with so much hard work”.
Back in Miami Beach, in the Persian Room of the Marco Polo Hotel on August 4 a promotional appearance was done by a temporarily enlarged cast which had been signed to provide the entertainment segment in a glamorous pageant called "Miss David".
A week later, a quick tour to the mainland took place when the Climax at 12001 N.W. 27th Ave. in Miami hosted "Wild Side Story" for one special evening, August 11, 1974. That date had several firsts. It was the first time any effort was spent on an organized décor, which consisted of rolls of tin foil, trash cans, big dead plants, coconuts and ostrich plume palm trees. It was the first time the show was photographed professionally, and it was the first time ticket sales generated enough cash that the counting and distribution of it was worth remembering.
Ten days after the Climax, Jacob flew to Stockholm, Sweden, with a lady friend visiting from there (see below), and took a job on the graveyard shift at the Sheraton Hotel in the Swedish capital. Serious plans developed for a European tour for his Floridian cast, with preliminary agreements done after he visited the (new) Alcazar and Cabaret Sexy in Paris, the Lido and D.O.K. clubs in Amsterdam, Bonaparte in Copenhagen and Alexandra’s leading nightclub in Stockholm. He had a meeting in England with double-gender-act music hall legend Danny La Rue, then appearing at the Prince of Wales Theatre in London, and was encouraged and given the names of contact persons there. It was considered sad after a few months when it turned out that leading cast members wouldn’t be readmitted to the United States if they left there on refugee status. The overseas tour idea had to be scrapped.
For Hallowe’en, terribly bad news arrived in Stockholm from Florida when it was learned that Jessica Kilo had died in a mysterious fire.
In February 1975, the director returned to Florida and arranged a one night "Wild Side Story" event at a little restaurant, the Dinghy, behind Miami Beach Library (where it was then).
Larry Boxx had a new club called the Hayloft at 37th and Bird Road, Miami, where an attempt also was made to start up the show, but the cast had drifted apart and it was no longer possible to get a full ensemble together for such a project. The new opening planned for March 5 had to be cancelled. One special showing was accomplished on March 16 at the popular Keith’s Cruise Room (so it was called) further north in Hallandale, Florida.
Thus the show’s Florida history ended. Jacob stopped briefly in Miami on his way to California the following year and caught an Easter show at Keith’s starring Russell, but that was it. Russell, Del Valle and Ms Filthy later saw him in Los Angeles. Benny Garcia, who went all the way and legally became Jennifer Garcia and then moved all the way out west, eventually joined the Los Angeles cast (see below). Del Rio and Del Monte were still friends with Jacob in 2007, visited in recent years. Practically all the others have died.
First Stockholm production 1976.
Already in 1971 Lars Jacob had worked as a substitute DJ for his distant cousin Alexandra Charles (née Gefvert) who since 1968 co-owed and hosted the first “modern” nightclub in the Swedish capital. Her club had a large and influential membership clientele.
When Jacob was in town in 1974 (as noted above) he and Alexandra, both descending from a 16th-century Walloon-Swedish master smith, had hammered out tentative plans to try to move Cuban-American talents across the Atlantic. He had then arrived from Florida traveling with the Stockholm club’s receptionist Jill Wernström, who informed her bosses of her good impression of the "Wild Side Story" cast she had seen perform at the Marco Polo gala in Miami Beach. She was especially a fan of Benny Garcia.
The table had thus been set for collaboration in 1975. It helped also that Steve Vigil, who after they met had moved from Tampa to Miami Beach and became Jacob’s best friend, knew the show well by now and was his airplane companion to Sweden this time. They had spent some months in New York City before Jacob returned to his night job at the Sheraton-Stockholm, and Vigil came along to Europe for the first time since childhood years in Germany.
Charles and her American business partner Tom Macksey were trying to compete with a popular cabaret in town that was stealing some of their business. Attempts at putting on shows at “Alexandra’s” had not done well, and now she and Macksey enlisted Jacob's help. He wrote a show called "Alexandra’s Eccentric Cabaret", "AlexCab" for short, which opened with good reviews in September, largely due to Jacob’s unusual Swedish lyrics to famous American songs and to the musical genius of band leader Anders Eljas of ABBA notoriety, who debuted here. The cast consisted of several friends of the director’s from the early 70’s – most of them quit the competing show to come to work for him – and of Vigil who was billed for small parts but became an overnight star doing sensational parodies of American drag numbers he had seen in Florida.
Vigil was first noticed by these audiences in a lengthy silent movie spoof, run as a number in the show to piano music by Eljas. In it he played an Arabian sheikh whose briefcase gets swiped at the Sheraton (which kindly sponsored the film), then the sheikh was noticed sitting up front in the audience, and then Vigil walked out in a noticeable huff as the little screening ended.
When he started doing more, in his own solos, Charles said she had only heard her audience scream for joy like that once before (when Björn Skifs had appeared there with a song he had topping U.S. charts). Photographer Kary H Lasch of world renown, along with other Swedish celebrities, insisted on meeting Vigil as soon as they saw him perform – “how does he do what he does with his lips?”. Lasch did him a special honor in taking free pictures of him as the irate Saudi-Arabian.
Macksey and a business associate David Gilvar predicted that drag, which was virtually unknown there, would become a huge phenomenon in Swedish entertainment. Meanwhile Jacob was getting less happy with his ensemble. He claimed they mostly wanted to act serene and glamorous rather than decadent and wild as agreed and rehearsed, so it didn’t take much to talk him into cutting Alexandra’s expenses by closing "AlexCab".
Charles, socially the most powerful person in Sweden, started pulling some strings and by the time the maximally trendy "Gul & Blå" clothiers had offered her to do up a whole "Wild Side Story" wardrobe for the publicity, and to sell tickets in their shops, Jacob already had his new cast. He used two "AlexCab" performers for "Anita" and "Bernardo", a young Ethiopian immigrant as "Macho" and a good-looking blond hotel colleague at the Sheraton for "Chino".
Vigil’s willingness and ability to play the difficult starring role was essential to any plans for success, and Maria Knutsson took extra care to try to conceal his muscular biceps and tattoo when creating her namesake's familiar white chiffon dress. "Somewhere" she also found big enough ladies' platform shoes. There was a place for them.
The show opened on January 5, 1976, after an intense and expensive ad campaign that quoted the anticipatory comments of over 20 famous people. New slides and 8mm film had been taken for the show's interludes and some rerecording done on the soundtrack (the Presley number was added here).
Beautiful model Ulla Jones for “Betty-Sue” was the only cast member of international renown at the time. Though she and Vigil got good personal reviews, this has been her only known acting assignment to date. Finding actors in Sweden at that time to play Puerto-Rican-New-York drag queens was almost impossible. There were no Puerto Ricans, no New Yorkers and no drag queens. Two hairdressers from Björn Axén (who coiffed the Swedish princesses) got in trouble by selling good wigs to the show too cheap. They were given a chance at these parts, but it wasn’t until Jacob’s notoriously witty friend Roger Jönsson brought Christer Lindarw in that those two could be cast as “Consuelo” and “Obvióla”. Both were new to professional stage performance, both immediately impressive, as noted with a colorful expletive by Californian production assistant Rosalie De La Torre.
Mixed reviews of the show itself revealed that the Stockholm press was unable to form any consistent opinion of a piece that was mostly meant as a parody of things that in themselves were unknown there. The daily newspapers were so careful to be non-committal that their approach seemed comical, meting out little doses of praise and alienation in the same articles. One popular magazine went all out to smear the show as roundly as possible, even complaining about Vigil’s "hairy soccer-player legs". Another one called it the “best show in town” and gave Lindarw special mention, with skillful insight of what was to come for him (see below). More celebrities crashed the dressing rooms after curtain fall.
The serious problem was that only three days after the premiere “Bernardo” dropped out, without an understudy, citing a documented back pain. Rumor had it that his mother and he were afraid he might ruin his reputation in such a controversial show. The facts that he had been all right in "AlexCab" and that he participated months and years later in much worse (if one will), tend to refute this. Lars Jacob had looked forward to just directing the show this time, but had to play “Tony” again when the actor chosen was injured in a sporting accident a few weeks into rehearsals. To keep the run going he now played half of “Bernardo” in the same shows, while an extra marked the part when both characters had to appear on stage simultaneously.
Alexandra’s closed "Wild Side Story" after four weeks but didn’t want to give up on the concept, so Jacob agreed to direct a little "Monday Night Drag Show" just with Jönsson and Lindarw and one more new performer. As predicted this was enormously successful and the new trio laid the foundation there and then for over 30 years that were to follow of popular entertainment and fame with their subsequent "After Dark" group, including royal command performances. It became an honor in Sweden for anyone to have had anything to do with bringing them together.
A one night "Wild Side Story" for a younger audience was given at the Phonograph disco near Alexandra’s on January 31 and then Vigil, who long had been homesick, went back to the States and settled in California. He was soon joined there by Jacob and their friend Garcia from Miami.
California performances 1977–1980.
In March 1976, The Beverly Hills Hotel employed Lars Jacob as a room clerk, enabling him to stay in Los Angeles, where he had arrived from Stockholm and joined Steve Vigil (as above).
Strict rules for employment at "The Hotel" (as it is generally called in its home town) naturally prevented a conflict of interest where people behind the front desk might have been tempted to promote their own show business agendas with the famous and powerful guests.
Nevertheless by the month of May, the basic plot of "Wild Side Story" had been registered with the Writers Guild of America West and Jacob and Richard M. Mersky, a hotel colleague, registered a California company called Mimical Productions to put the show on somewhere in the area. Mersky was General Manager and Executive Producer, Jacob Creative Director. It was to be their hobby project in spare time, but soon looked professional enough that auditions could be held at the Beverly Hilton.
These well executed auditions didn’t lead to much, and from now on the director began to cast mostly from disco dance floors; among young people seen working responsibly at fast food restaurants and the like; attending relevant schools and on the street. Over half the cast members in his shows, of those commendable for talent as well as essential reliability, have been found in this way since then.
Filthy, the young woman mentioned above (“Betty-Sue” in Florida), arrived to a hearty welcome, which turned to frustration when Jacob and others felt she disrupted rehearsals and caused tension, preventing her from continuing. It was on a much brighter note that Vigil was eager to play super-tough “Bernardo” this time around, even better than he had done the starring role in Sweden. He stayed with the part throughout all the California shows.
A complete rerecording and technical improvement of the soundtrack was accomplished at Kitchen Sync Studio on Sunset Boulevard after mint condition albums, with most songs, had been found at some of the many fine used record shops in Los Angeles. The material was the same, but a new narration was added, which came in every other number or so to clarify the plot. Only a slightly scratched album could be found with the Page song, so a few talented actresses have later added the scratches to the drunk act with little fingernail pantomime gestures. It turned out that a Cogan record was impossible to find in California, so Jacob asked British hotel guest Adam Faith his opinion on the likelihood of getting it at all. In a very kind gesture Faith had a contact dig her 1960’s tapes out of a vault when he got back to London, made a disc and sent it to Mimical Productions with best wishes.
Another potential problem was good advice from initiated experts to clear the use of Mae West's material before doing the show in her own home town, where at the time she was alive and well at 83 – in fact heavily involved in the making of her last movie. The show’s original subtitle from Florida, "(Mae?) West Side Story", was changed to "A Mimical Lampoon", and a "Wild Side Story" script was sent to her lawyer Harry E. Weiss. After a few nervous days, the new production was relieved to be granted permission. Relief was also the sentiment, along with heightening excitement, when the whole Stockholm wardrobe arrived safely in boxes by surface mail (i.e. by boat through the Panama Canal) and began to be adjusted for the coming cast. A letter of donation and good luck from "Gul & Blå also" came in to dispel nasty rumors in Stockholm that Jacob had absconded with it, which had reached ears in California.
As Max von Sydow agreed and expounded on, when Jacob eventually directed him in English and befriended him, some Swedes are not pleased when other Swedes do well abroad. The phenomenon has been known by the entire population as an accepted national trait called the “Royal Swedish Envy” and the “Jante Law” and often joked about gleefully (perhaps too much so). Talented people from Sweden often publicly have to badmouth their own international achievements and especially the places where they achieve them, in order to blend in comfortably when they get home. This seems to be changing with a more internationalized generation, born in the 1990s, beginning to come into its own.
"Wild Side Story" for California, nonetheless, was organized by September 1977, successfully rehearsed and a trial performance given and photographed at a small bar called Matlos Flama Latina, with a big stage, on Western Avenue just below Hollywood Boulevard. November 30, 1977, marked this first Los Angeles showing. The good-humored young actor cast as “Consuelo” had forgotten to come, so this first show – his last – could only be accomplished after a frantic search using several cars scoured Santa Monica Boulevard bars, managed to find him cheerfully partying and rushed him into heavy makeup. He was replaced by Eddy Hampton Armani, later an unauthorized biographer of Tina Turner, who remained "Consuelo" until 1980 (Eddy, not Tina).
New slides and films were taken all over the area. For a clearer introduction to the story from now on, a series of slides to the first few minutes of music functioned as a "Prologue", showing "José Maria" in Puerto Rico (actually Santa Monica), how and where he got the idea to try transvestism, kiss his girlfriend good-bye and arrive in New York. To get “Maria” photos aboard a plane (actually Pacific Southwest Airlines) Jacob and Eddie Valdez bought two tickets to San Diego and then got off with a poor-or-less excuse in the last minute. It brought back memories to the director of the “good old underground days” of Miami Beach.
A complicated and artistic lighting scheme put together in Sweden by Ulf Nilsson was able to be used well when Nilsson himself arrived from Stockholm to take command of it. Even one Alexandra’s disc jockey, who had engineered the sound there, came over and tended the equipment for some of the shows. These blond Nordic assistants were considered a spice on the mainly Mexican-American team. Another blond was the new “Tony”, a struggling young actor from Idaho whose voice was more suited to doing the live song as a monologue, rather than singing it.
Somehow, to keep people involved, Mimical Productions managed to get a considerable number of tickets for the spectacular Cinerama Dome opening of Sextette on March 2, 1978, and took pictures on the red carpet of its own people. Then everyone went inside to watch the controversial picture and see Miss West herself thank the audience from stage for coming to her “little piece of educational entertainment”. Years later, when Jacob read a book on the great diva, he pondered in vain if his group and their relatives were included in the “crowd from Cucamonga” outside the theatre that one Hollywood expert had complained about, not content with only mentioning all the big names in attendance.
After a long period of scouting for a good venue for a Los Angeles run and for the best possible cast to run with it, "Wild Side Story" was ready to go and was video taped March 25, 1979, at the Plaza neighboring Pinks Hot Dogs and opened there on May 1. The little restaurant had never had a “production show” of this kind before. When after a summer recess it reopened there in the fall (September 25), word of mouth and a few carefully placed invitations began to bear fruit as celebrities like Lehman Engel and Boz Scaggs arrived at the Plaza to see the piece and were seen enjoying it. The place reminded Vigil, Jacob and Jennifer Garcia from Miami (now playing “Anita”) of the original underground atmosphere from five years before. Michael Kearns wrote a very helpful review intelligibly grasping what it was, in some detail, and calling the show “the most unusual thing you’ve ever seen”.
Mae West herself had a reservation for two one evening and a throne chair was installed for her, but her old Cadillac was seen to pull up and leave. Mersky had left a limousine he was driving professionally in the only spot right out front, so there was nowhere acceptable for an 84-year-old "Queen of Hollywood" to alight from hers.
A number of successful performances were also given that fall at Osko’s disco, 33 S. La Cienega, where for each event a theatre was created and disassembled in minutes, out of part of the big room, by the use of bales of black material and a staple gun.
Colleen M. Ryan and Ritch M. Esra, two hotel colleagues of Jacob’s, played essential parts behind the scenes as Stage Manager and Assistant Director, vital in keeping the ensemble together and happy for so long despite low income, as usual, from these shows. A canvas tote bag (matching those the cast had), in which Esra kept his tools and accessories, i.e. the "Administrative Items", was nicknamed “Minnie” (as opposed to bags “Maria” or “Anita” etc.) and was part of backstage lingo until 2004. Since it quite visibly was a Playgirl promotional item, and was heavy, a number of the gentlemen (?) have tried to avoid carrying it, in and out of storage and back and forth to nightclubs over the years.
The "Wild Side Story" experience in Los Angeles came to an end when Lars Jacob had to make a choice between careers early in 1980. The Beverly Hills Hotel promoted him to Front Desk Manager and Assistant Manager making it impossible to continue to have such a time-and-effort-consuming hobby. He explained that since the hotel business had been good to him for so many years already, and had financed the fun he and all the others had, that was what he chose.
Stockholm revival 1997–1999.
An ambitious "Mae West Centenary" celebration was the first step toward bringing "Wild Side Story" back in Sweden in 1997. Director Lars Jacob had returned to Stockholm and wrote a stage show for 28 performers, based on 20 of the humorous songs West had specially made for herself and never let anyone else do, and he got permission from The Roger Richman Agency and a host of publishers to use the material. After a considerable amount of publicity in press, radio and TV, the effort was limited to a formal white tie dinner at Berns honoring West’s memory on the date itself, August 17, 1993. Among those attending the celebrations were Christina Schollin, Camilla Henemark, Johanna Lind, Jan Hilary and Chesty Morgan (band), plus above mentioned Alexandra Charles and Christer Lindarw.
Jacob’s somewhat reluctant re-entry into Swedish entertainment, and an "After Dark" (see above) twenty-year commemoration early in 1996 once again set the public relations stage. Lindarw was now a very big star in Sweden and curiosity in the media about his debut show enabled casting and production for a new showing of "Wild Side Story" to begin, without any major change to it from what had closed at the "Plaza" in 1980. The Knutsson wardrobe was (and is) still intact, continually and religiously mended as exact as possible. New interlude film was taken, and the show's subtitle was adjusted again to "A Mimical Humoresque".
A “Tony” considered so good-looking that he was called "Magnus the Beautiful" even by his high school teachers was discovered working at a local 7-Eleven on the Southern Isle Södermalm. An enthusiastic Swedish soldier temporarily drafted for service in the northern Northlands (Norrland) began studying “Bernardo” between wintry military exercises. Most of the rest of casting was done off the dance floor of a popular salsothèque run by Cuban-Swedes, and it was there at "La Isla", underground by a subway station, that the show opened for a successful one-night showing on Easter Eve, March 30, 1997. An independent Lars Jacob Productions thus reinvented itself after 21 years.
Word of mouth reached the ears of Italian-Swedish artist and nightclub owner Lino Ajello. After a preview at his eccentrically decorated "Camarillo" comedy club in May, he signed up to run "Wild Side Story" in a dinner theater setting every night, all summer from the 4th of July, when the show opened at his place. It did run for over 60 shows and closed in September, never canceling once, thanks to the contracting this time of understudies and to the fact that Jacob himself was willing to jump in eight times playing everything from “Bernardo” (or his father) to “Obvióla” ("¿o su abuelita?").
In spite of good performances, excellent press and program folders and posters paid for by Stockholm tourism authorities, the location of the club in a northeastern corner of town, far from most hotels, made it difficult to draw the intended tourist crowd as a mainstay for financial success. A group of regular fans developed in the audience however, and they and others can be heard howling, clapping and enjoying themselves, in sort of a Rocky Horror Picture Show style, in video recordings made of whole shows, twice in July and five times in August.
A number of hotel managers wrote letters of appreciation on behalf of staff members comped in to see the show and later on behalf of guests who praised it to hotel employees. As the only show in English ever to run in Stockholm, "Wild Side Story" has been appreciated particularly by the city’s international community and tourist trade and has been able to run in the summer, when many other theaters and other entertainment establishments traditionally scale down or even close up for vacations. During this first "Camarillo" run in 1997, Radio Sweden sent Kathy Riley to review the piece for her program in English and a Swedish radio show also did a segment about it. Riley called "Wild Side Story" “a hilarious parody, an inspiring show of ingenuity, an alternative hysterical”.
A cast of the show also appeared on television for the first time when Gert Fylking for a local station interviewed Lars Jacob about its origins and features, taped live at a popular waterfront nightclub in the Old Town (more of which below), and the interview was followed by the hippie-hypocrisy-revival closing number noted above under Storyline. “Consuelo’s” central figure (mouthing Diana Ross) was played here and all year by tall and muscular Colombian-Swede Miguel Bonett who later was to become a powerful doorman at Berns and win a world championship at Counter Strike. In 2008 he appeared as a Burger King spokesman in a series of television commercials. Fashion model Jimmie Kersmo, "Mr. Sweden" of 2004 ("Sveriges man") played "Bernardo" once in 1998 and then teamed up with Bonett to do "Obvióla".
On January 5, 1998, a performance was given for a large young party crowd at the "Penny Lane" under the elegant Stockholm Plaza Hotel (where Alexandra Charles had closed her last club ten years earlier). The only potentially disastrous thing that happened was that someone had put a sex tape in the production’s video projector, which luckily was discovered during dress (?) rehearsal so the audience got the normal comedy interlude sequences once watching the show.
For the rest of 1998 and also once in 1999 serious efforts were undertaken to make proper video recordings with professional equipment for television in closed tapings, one of which was done at an unusual showboat "Dixie Queen" moored at Strandvägen. A TV taping in front of a live audience was done on May 31, 1998, on the main stage at classic Mosebacke Etablissement.
On July 18, 1998, British-Swedish hotel owner Agnes Källström and Jacob founded the F.U.S.I.A. non-profit organization, with Källström as Chairman, to continue producing English-language entertainment with young Swedish performers mainly aimed at foreigners visiting or residing in Stockholm. The organization turned into a kind of cabaret school, with youths 16–25 years old totaling in the hundreds, and some of their parents, constructively involved over the next number of years. It won an award as a youth project and was in business until 2005 (see below).
F.U.S.I.A. premiered its "Wild Side Story" at the Regina Theater on Queen Street Drottninggatan on August 17, a date the group has called "Mae West Day" and celebrated every year. Subsequent performances were in the "Manhattan Room" of the Stockholm World Trade Center on November 17, 1998, and two days later at Frans Schartau Junior College, where three of the cast members were at school. Their 700-seat auditorium drew the largest crowd ever to see this show, and it was followed here by a discussion of topics addressed in the plot and a thank-you speech by the college principal.
Special "Wild Side Story" happenings of note also took place at Stockholm’s prestigious "Café Opera" on Hallowe’en, 1998, with Malin Sundström (later of Caramell) in the pumpkin procession, and again at a building party at F.U.S.I.A. headquarters on June 6, 1999.
Spain tour and television 2000.
Flying cast members in from Barcelona and Stockholm, the F.U.S.I.A. cabaret school produced a Grand Canary showing presented on April 10, 2000, at that island’s largest luxury resort, the Anfi del Mar in the village of Arguineguin.
Their director was already on location when the old "Gul & Blå" wardrobe and other props were packed in 16 banana boxes and taken by 8 cast members as luggage on a long charter flight to the island group belonging to Spain, off the west coast of Africa. Miraculously, when the show’s property was inventoried after their return to Stockholm, not a single item was missing.
The cast enjoyed a desert island holiday and took pictures appropriate to their show plot at Puerto Rico de Gran Canaria village, expressing hopes someday to be able also to visit the real thing (the other island) in the Caribbean.
A widely read area newspaper in English published an article that helped establish the reputation of "Wild Side Story" there. It mentioned F.U.S.I.A. Board Director Jens O.Z. Ehrs who now was in charge in Stockholm, had managed to arrange the tour from that end and helped the players get organized for departure.
The same article also featured some of the young performers, such as Ivan Oljelund II and Johanna Mork. Parts “Tony” and “Betty-Sue” had reached new heights of refinement and hilarity through the intuitive and extraordinary comedic talents of these two, whose videotaped performances were emulated by other interpreters in subsequent casts. (Jacob said he could start taking it easier in training newcomers as long as he had video like that on file.) Another reporter reviewed the show as "polished, professional, good-looking cast, innovative". Mork had already gotten into Stockholm’s respected "Balettakademien" theatrical school using her “Betty-Sue” act for the final tryout. Oljelund went on to a drama school in Norrköping.
Before the latter left the cast, however, the time had come for the first and only major exposure of "Wild Side Story" on television, which took place in June 2000. Model Olivia Laide Rieke, "Miss Stockholm" of 1999, joined the cast for the time being as "Anita".
Strix Television was producing episodes of a reality show called The Bar ("Baren") that were being taped at a Kinnevik-owned brewery-restaurant in the Stockholm Old Town, on a Riddarfjärden wharf, and broadcast on TV3. The very popular program was about a competition of amateurs from various parts of the country running a nightclub in the big city. Former disco owner Peter Dunk Gästerfelt, for whom Jacob had worked as early as 1968, suggested that some F.U.S.I.A. entertainment would liven things up, and now Spanish-tour cast member Daniel Linder was also employed at the place as a waiter.
Thus five segments were contracted, taped and aired showing the cast and crew of "Wild Side Story" setting up, rehearsing, negotiating with competing restaurant managers and performing the show one night for a general audience. F.U.S.I.A. was pleased that the segments were edited to show the quality of the production work it was doing with local youths, and the director laughed himself half sick watching one of his temper tantrums on Swedish national television.
A Southern Isle newspaper, under a Greta Garbo caricature logotype (she was born nearby), published a comprehensive and entertaining advance article about the show and group. With "Wild Side Story" called a "cult show" there for the first time, the review helped fill the brewery for the special event when the whole show was performed there on June 25, 2000.
At the request of another cast member, a number of performances were also given in August at the Rosenlund Theater of Stockholm with ticket sales handled (poorly as documented) by the Stockholm Pride festival going on in Tantolunden park close by.
Additional showings 2002–2004 and later.
Chairman Källström had resigned and moved to Spain, which left F.U.S.I.A. increasingly disorganized at the top, a condition that eventually infested the organization with little demons of disaster and was fatal to it by early 2005. Financing was a constant problem.
In the meantime, however, under Chairman Ing-Rid Gunnarsson, some advances were made toward a primary goal of running a regular nightly summer show in English in a good location downtown Stockholm, in cooperation with the city’s major hotels and tourist trade in general.
In April 2002 a written deal was struck with a restaurant in the "Gallerian" mall near the main tourist information center at Sweden House, an ideal venue. After some video taping had been done on location the arrangement was abruptly cancelled for reasons unknown. It seemed to F.U.S.I.A. that there was disagreement among the owners of the place about the type of show they wanted there, and it was also suspected that a girlfriend of one of the partners didn’t understand or care for the concept of lip-synching, even in a parody format. Such problems with bar owners in Sweden, infighting and flippant attitudes toward deals made, even signed, were nothing new to these show people.
Since 1998, the West show material mentioned above under Stockholm Revival had been organized into cabaret-style acts featuring many young people in the ever-growing membership of F.U.S.I.A.. All-time "Wild Side Story" veteran cast member H. Magnus Olsson, the soldier mentioned above under Stockholm Revival, was appointed Captain of the Cast for both acts. He was now joined by an even earlier veteran Agneta Lindén, “Anita” of the 1976 Swedish cast, who began to play “Aunt Paro-Diva” in these newly invented "Westites-Maeniacs" shows.
After a dark year for "Wild Side Story" in 2001, cast replacements were accomplished through posters put up at relevant area schools. F.U.S.I.A. was joined from the Rytmus Music School by Mohombi Moupondo and Patrik Hont. The former went on with his "Group Avalon" to win “Best Europe African Diaspora” in the Kora Awards of 2003 and to international fame in 2010. Hont is mentioned in a photo caption above under Story Line. Both boys were 17 so parental approval in writing was required for them to be able to join. In 2009 Hont attends Teaterhögskolan.
Henrik Bergström joined from Kulturama. Bergström is mentioned above with Hont in the same photo caption and has since graduated Teaterhögskolan at the University of Gothenburg. He was seconded as "Tony" by Chris Ajaxon from a local band called "Tessla". Other young people joined from the drama classes at "Södra Latin" high school near F.U.S.I.A. headquarters on the Southern Isle. Of them Helena Mattsson, also 17 when she joined, has achieved international fame, according to her own account because the work she did in English at F.U.S.I.A. gave her the courage to attend casting calls in London.
ABF Arbetarnas bildningsförbund provided some small financial relief by subsidizing the show group’s activities when they could be organized into documented study circles. Rehearsals were also able to be conducted at ABF. Two "Wild Side Story" preview performances with nearly new casts were given at the "Zeta" theater of ABF headquarters on April 5 and April 12, 2002. Two parallel casts had been fully trained so there would be dependable reserves in all the shifts required for a good summer run. Some of the show’s numbers were also played in August 2002 at Gunnarsson’s 50th birthday party, and again in December at a large private party at the "Elverket" hall in suburban Lidingö.
Trying in vain to get sponsorship and battling creative inertia in Stockholm stood in the way of progress just about as much in 2002 as when Lars Jacob expounded on the subjects in a major article for a cultural employment magazine 8 years earlier. But in 2003 the "Stockholm Visitors Board" tourism authority, under the City of Stockholm, decided to spring for expensive color brochures and posters for a new summer showing of "Wild Side Story" to take place at last in an excellent location on King’s Street Kungsgatan (Stockholm). The poster was designed by Assistant Producer Sami Josefsson.
F.U.S.I.A. had invented its own club name "Wild Side International Show Lounge" with a new logotype by 17-year-old member and lighting assistant Nicklas Rydberg. It opened its dinner theater at the King's Street location in July, doing two shows a night, and gave 45 performances there that summer. One afternoon a gutsy cast with a ghetto blaster did the whole show in front of the club on Hötorget square, proving once and for all the quality of the entertainment, some said, by the fact that hundreds of passers by stopped and about 50 stood there for the full hour.
August 8, 2003, marked 30 years to the day since "Wild Side Story" first opened in Miami Beach. A special anniversary showing was given to mark the date at "Bistro Heaven" in Adam & Eve Mall, once again on Queen Street. Josefsson did his only show playing “Bernardo” on that occasion and it has since been lamented that he has not done more on stage (he is a certified construction engineer today).
On September 14, there were sentimental moments at F.U.S.I.A. headquarters. It was the first birth date of Steve Vigil's (see above) since it had become known in Sweden the winter before that he had died in 1997. Cast members Lindarw and Lindén of 1976 joined Jacob for a special remembrance. It was also attended by young Hont, who now was playing the starring role to the hilt. Those who knew Vigil found Hont’s face amazingly similar (though finding him generally of a smilier disposition than Vigil was).
The “Wild Side Lounge” phenomenon opened again in June 2004 in a subterranean locale also centrally located near the Stockholm Concert Hall of Nobel Prize notoriety. Here “Anita” was played intermittently by Oksana Maria Lorczak, who won the "Miss Stockholm" crown in the Miss Earth Sweden pageant of 2004. Playing “Obvióla”, once he mended a shoulder dislocated during dress rehearsal, was Prince Mahanandan Tyagi, an Indian-Swedish tennis champion. Over 20 performances of "Wild Side Story" were given in the location before it had to close due to ventilation permit problems of which F.U.S.I.A. management had not been advised when their contract was signed.
In special review wording of its own in 2003, the "Visitor’s Board's" magazine, given out to guests at each of Stockholm County’s over 200 hotels, called the piece “a wonderful evening of singing, dancing and music in a fast-paced parody”, and again in 2004 “laughter, fun, pantomime, dancing and music, "Wild Side story" pokes fun at the foibles of human behavior and much more...”.
Finding out that F.U.S.I.A. was more of an international group than many others, ABF requested an ethnic membership list and made an additional grant for multicultural activity. Compiling the list in 2004, F.U.S.I.A. realized that among the young people involved in its entertainment and training since 1998, besides all-Swedish roots of some, one or both parents of the rest had been from Norway, Finland, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Spain, Germany, Poland, Hungary, Romania, Italy, Macedonia, Greece, the Ukraine, Turkey & Kurdistan, the United States, Canada, Mexico, Cuba, Barbados, Saint Lucia, Jamaica, Peru, Colombia, Uruguay, Australia, Morocco, Liberia, the Gambia, Togo, Benin, Ghana, Ethiopia, Congo (both), Angola, Iran, Iraq, Yemen, Pakistan, India, Sri Lanka, Philippines, Malaysia or Korea.
On October 30, 2004, “Wild Side” had built its own stage in another underground room at Götgatan 101 on central Stockholm’s most southerly outskirt. It was there and on that date that F.U.S.I.A. gave the very last performance of "Wild Side Story" as a Hallowe’en treat, before the organization was disbanded in March 2005. Things had come full circle, southerly to southerly, underground to underground, also when Agnes Källström returned as Honorary Chairman to give a little welcome prestige to a properly conducted end of business.
This, a large number of fine-tuned performances by exceptionally talented youths of future note and generous municipal backing by the City of Stockholm, closed out the main Wild Side Story story with dignity. H. Magnus Olsson had played “Bernardo” for the 200th time since 1997.
He and Jens O. Z. Ehrs were vital along with Jacob to the functioning of their organization from 1997 till the end in 2005. Some membership was taken up into a new and smaller group of players, CabarEng, chaired by Emil Eikner, a Swedish chess champion, chef and singer. Eikner agreed to maintain the F.U.S.I.A. files till 2015 and also played "Tony" in the 2013 40th anniversary revival (see below).
Several numbers from "Wild Side Story" have been featured in the cabaret show "CaCa Bleu" in Stockholm 2009-2011 and in "Cabaret Large A-Cup" as performed by CabarEng's ensemble in New York City, Washington DC and Annapolis in September–October 2011, as well as in "ÄngelCab" at Michelangelo in the Stockholm Old Town in 2013. Two 40th anniversary performances were given with a young ensemble in August of 2013 at that venue.

</doc>
<doc id="19872134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872134" title="Tommy Reasoner">
Tommy Reasoner

Tommy Reasoner (born October 27, 1967 in Garden City, Michigan) is a retired U.S. soccer player who spent one season in Major League Soccer, two in the Western Soccer Alliance, four in the American Professional Soccer League and two in the Continental Indoor Soccer League. He was also part of the U.S. team at the 1987 FIFA World Youth Championship.
Youth.
Reasoner attended Tarpon Springs High School. In 1985, he entered the University of Tampa where he played on the school’s NCAA Division II soccer team in 1985 and 1986 then again in 1988 and 1989.
In 1989, he was selected as a first team All American. In 1987, he took a year off from school in order to play for U.S. U-20 national team at the 1987 FIFA World Youth Championship. Reasoner played two games as the U.S. went 1–2 in group playe.
Professional.
During the 1989 collegiate off-season, Reasoner played for the San Diego Nomads in the Western Soccer League. The Nomads won the league title which placed them in the national championship against the Fort Lauderdale Strikers of the American Soccer League, but Reasoner did not play in the title game. He returned to the Nomads for the 1990 season. By this time, the WSL had merged with the ASL to form the American Professional Soccer League. In 1990, the Cleveland Crunch selected Reasoner in the third round of the 1990 MSL Amateur Draft. However, it does not appear that he ever played for the Crunch. Instead, in 1991, he signed with the Tampa Bay Rowdies in the APSL. He would play for Tampa Bay through the 1993 season. The Rowdies folded at the end of the season. In April 1994, the San Diego Sockers selected Reasoner in the eighth round of the Continental Indoor Soccer League draft. He signed with the team on June 1, 1994. In 1995, he spent the season with the San Diego Top Guns in the USISL. In February 1996, the Kansas City Wiz selected Reasoner in the sixth round (56th overall) of the 1996 MLS Inaugural Player Draft. He played thirteen games for the Wiz in 1996 before being waived in November.

</doc>
<doc id="19872136" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872136" title="Erich Haagensen Jaabech">
Erich Haagensen Jaabech

Erich Haagensen Jaabech (1761–1845) was a Norwegian farmer and politician.
He was born in Øyslebø, and worked as a teacher in Øyslebø and Holum as well as a farmer.
He was elected to the Norwegian Constituent Assembly in 1814, representing the constituency of Mandals Amt. He left politics after this.

</doc>
<doc id="19872139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872139" title="Ashwater railway station">
Ashwater railway station

Ashwater railway station was a railway station that served the hamlets of Ashwater and Ashmill in Devon, England. It was located on the North Cornwall Railway southwest of Halwill, close to the River Carey and approximately away from Ashwater.
History.
The ceremonial opening of this section of the line by the London and South Western Railway, was Tuesday, 20 July 1886, with public services commencing on the following day.
The station was then absorbed by the Southern Railway during the Grouping of 1923, The station passed to the Southern Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948, and was subsequently closed by the British Railways Board.
Station layout.
The layout was typical of all the stations on the North Cornwall line, with a substantial stationmaster's house, booking office and waiting room on the upside with both ladies' and gentlemen's toilets. An eleven-lever signal box and small open-fronted waiting shelter stood on the Down platform. The platforms were only long enough for seven-passenger carriages, but from 18 October 1936 the Up loop was extended to accommodate up to twelve coaches.
The site today.
The gradual run-down in services during the 1960s saw Ashwater reduced to an unstaffed halt on 7 November 1965, followed by complete closure on 3 October 1966. Today the station is a private residence. 

</doc>
<doc id="19872145" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872145" title="William Riley (criminal)">
William Riley (criminal)

William "Mush" Riley (fl. 1870–1878) was an American businessman, saloonkeeper and underworld figure in Manhattan, New York during the late 19th century. The owner of a Centre Street dive, he was a longtime Five Points personality and associated with many noted criminals of the era. Riley was said to have acquired his name for his fondness of eating corn meal mush dipped in hot brandy. His saloon was located near other Five Points characters such as English-born pickpocket Tommy Taylor, bare-knuckle boxer Jack McManus and Boiled Oysters Malloy, who owned the popular basement resort known as "The Ruins" just a few doors from Riley's place.
Riley, according to underworld lore, once served an extravagant dinner to Dan Noble, Mike Byrnes, Dutch Heinrichs and others. When his guests complimented him on the meal, noting the odd flavor of the main course, Riley revealed they had been served a stew made from a Newfoundland dog. The incident is similar to the 1990 comedy film "The Freshman" in which the antagonist Carmine Sabatini (Marlon Brando) serves rare and endangered species to members of his restaurant, but is actually canned turkey.
On July 15, 1878, Riley was apprehended by Canadian authorities in Toronto and taken back to the United States where he was charged with complicity in a street car robbery in Troy, New York that had resulted in the garroting of a John Buckley two weeks earlier. Five others were also arrested for their involvement in the robbery, most notably the group's ringleader, Will Tomkins.

</doc>
<doc id="19872153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872153" title="Bund Garden, Pune">
Bund Garden, Pune

Just 2 km from the Pune Railway Station lies this popular retreat for people of all ages. Known today as the "Mahatma Gandhi Udyan" a reference to the existing bridge that leads to the Gandhi National Memorial, Bund Garden, was originally envisaged as a mini dam. Built by Phiroze Jamshedji Jeejeebhoy, one of the longest serving members of the Bombay Stock Exchange, it served as a source of irrigation water for the under-privileged. Offering something for everyone, Bund Garden is a favorite haunt for those looking for a quiet, scenic place close to Mother Nature that helps one relax, rejuvenate and get re-energized. Avid joggers throng the area during the early mornings, for whom an exclusive jogging track has been added in the vicinity. Take a boat ride, while enjoying the splendid view of the garden. Sit down under the shades of a tree with a book in your hand. Laze around during the evenings while taking a stroll. Arrange a picnic with family and friends. Watch the migratory birds take flight during winters, or pay a visit to the nearby food joints serving scrumptious paani puri, bhel puri, ragda patty and sandwiches. For the kids, the Park has a separate section replete with see-saws and swings. Frequently, magic shows and horse rides are arranged within the premises to keep both the kids and their parents entertained.

</doc>
<doc id="19872155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872155" title="List of Kedah FA honours and achievements">
List of Kedah FA honours and achievements

Kedah FA has won the Malaysian league championship three times (1993, 2007 & 2008), the Malaysia Cup four times (1990, 1993, 2007 & 2008) and the Malaysian FA Cup three times (1996, 2007 & 2008). This makes Kedah is the first and only football team in Malaysian history to do the treble twice in a row.
World Clubs Ranking.
"1 October 2006 - 29 September 2008"
Note: Ranking by IFFHS

</doc>
<doc id="19872163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872163" title="Convict women in Australia">
Convict women in Australia

Convict women in Australia were the female segment of British prisoners transported during the 18th and 19th centuries to carry out their sentences in what is now Australia.
Transportation to the penal settlement in Australia was an alternative for other harsh punishments such as death by hanging. The poverty stricken female convicts were viewed as prostitutes when compared with the upper class women in Britain. Although many women were driven to prostitution during the hard convict life in Australia, none were transported for the transgression from Britain because it was never a transportable offence. During the long voyage from Britain to Australia and upon arrival, many women took advantage of their sex as a way of improving their situation. Those convicts who were not given assigned work were sent to factories to carry out their sentences.
Background.
18th century Britain experienced a huge gulf in economic wealth, with the vast majority of the country living in extreme poverty. The rift between rich and poor led to a high crime rate. The prisons in England were overcrowded; there was no attempt to segregate the prisoners by their offence, age or sex.
In response to growing crime, the British government began to issue harsh punishments such as public hangings or exile. During the 18th and 19th centuries many prisoners were transported to Australia to carry out their sentence, a relatively small percentage of whom were women (between 1788 and 1852, male convicts outnumbered the female convicts six to one). Convict women varied from small children to old women, but the majority were in their twenties or thirties. The British Government called for more women of “marriageable” age to be sent to Australia in order to promote family development for emancipated convicts and free settlers.
Despite the belief that convict women during the transportation period were all prostitutes, no women were transported for that offence. The majority of women sent to Australia were convicted for what would now be considered minor offences (such as petty theft), most did not receive sentences of more than seven years. Many women were driven to prostitution upon their arrival in Australia as means of survival because they were often required to house themselves or buy clothing and bedding on their own.
Voyage.
The First Fleet was the first set of ships to transport convicts to Australia, it sailed in 1787. Ships continued to transport convicts to Western Australia until 1868. The beginning of the transportation years brought ships at inconsistent times and the death rate on these ships remained high; in the Second Fleet, 267 out of 1,006 prisoners died at sea. However, at the peak of transportation, the death rate was a little more than one percent.
Ralph Clark, an officer on board the "Friendship" in the First Fleet, kept a journal of his journey to Australia. In his journal, he described the women on board as "abandoned wenches", contrasting their characteristics with the supposed virtues of his wife in England. At one stage, after several male convicts were caught in the place where the female convicts were lodged, Clark wrote: "I hope this will be a warning to them from coming into the whore camp — I would call it by the Name of Sodem "for ther[e is more Sin committed in it than in any other part of the world".
Despite the critical attitude towards the female convicts, some seamen developed relationships with the women whilst on the voyage. Women often used their bodies as a way of bettering their conditions. On the "Lady Juliana", a ship in the Second Fleet, female convicts began to pair off with the seamen, which mirrored the arrangement in subsequent voyages. John Nicol, a Scottish steward recalled, "Every man on board took a wife from among the convicts, they nothing loath." These relationships were not always exclusively sexual. Nicol himself expresses his desire to marry and bring back to England his convict "wife", Sarah Whitlam, after her release.
Female factories.
Female factories in Australia housed convict women who were awaiting assignment, pregnant or undergoing punishment. They were called factories because the women were expected to work and because they also employed free working women. Task work was established in female factories in 1849, requiring the occupants to do chores, needle-work and washing. If extra work was done, the convict's sentence might be shortened. Punishments for misconduct in the factories were often humiliating, a common one was to shave the woman's head.
Conditions in these factories were miserable. In the Parramatta female factory the occupants were not given mattresses or blankets to sleep on and the social conditions inside were indecent.
Parramatta female factory.
The Parramatta female factory was the first built in Australia and was located in Parramatta, New South Wales. The factory had room for only a third of the female prisoners; the rest had to find lodgings with the local settlers at some cost (usually about four shillings a week). Many women could only pay for this cost by offering sexual services. Their customers were usually the male convicts who came and left the factory as they pleased.
In 1819 Macquarie had ex-convict Francis Greenway create a new design for the factory. This new design had the inmates divided into three categories: the "general", "merit" and "crime" class. The "crime" class women had their hair cropped as a mark of disgrace and were the incorrigibles. The "merit" or first class comprised women who had been well behaved for at least six months and women who had recently arrived from England. These girls were eligible to marry and eligible for assignment. The second or "general" class was made up of women who were sentenced for minor offences and could be transferred to the first class after a period of probation. This class consisted of many women who had become pregnant during their assigned service. The factory at Parramatta was a source of wives for settlers and emancipated convicts. With a written permit from the Reverend Samuel Marsden and a written note to the matron, a bachelor could take his pick of a willing "factory lass."
Family and marriage.
Marriage between male and female convicts and raising a family was encouraged because of the government’s intentions of developing a free colony. It was the objective of the British government to establish a colony in Australia rather than have it remain as a penal settlement. This compelled the government to send more women to Australia as a way of establishing a native population. On the arrival of 'female' ships, colonists would swarm to the dock to bargain for a servant. High-ranking officers had first pick. Some women were taken as mistresses, others as servants. There were no legal ties for these assignments, so a settler could dismiss a convict woman freely. When this did occur, it created a class of woman who often resorted to prostitution in order to feed and house themselves properly.
The Reverend Samuel Marsden categorized the women convicts into being married or prostitutes. If a woman were to have a relationship out of wedlock, Marsden considered this whoredom. Many couples lived and cohabited together monogamously without being officially married, yet these women were recorded as being prostitutes. The women were scarred from being convicted and could not redeem their status because it differed so greatly from the British ideal of a woman, who was virtuous, polite and a woman of the family.
Popular media.
There has been a resurgence in interest in this topic in recent years. Some of the leading historians associated with this topic are Deborah Oxley, Anne Summers and Joy Damousi. There have been several films depicting the lives and experiences of women in Colonial Australia, most notably the recent minseries "Mary Bryant" and the film "Adam's Woman" [http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0065372/.

</doc>
<doc id="19872184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872184" title="Ronold W. P. King">
Ronold W. P. King

Ronold Wyeth Percival King (September 19, 1905 – April 10, 2006) was an American applied physicist, known for his contributions to the theory and application of microwave antennas. He published twelve books and over three hundred articles in his area, as well as mentored one hundred doctoral dissertations.
Born in Williamstown, Massachusetts, he moved to Rochester, New York, where his father worked as a professor of German. He earned an A.B. (1927) and S.M. (1929) degree in physics from the University of Rochester. He was an exchange student at the University of Munich (1928-29) and attended Cornell University (1929-30), before completing his graduate studies at University of Wisconsin–Madison (1932) where he obtained a Ph.D. on the thesis "Characteristics of Vacuum Tube Circuits Having Distributed Constants at Ultra-Radio Frequencies" advised by Edward Bennett and subsequently was a research assistant (1932-34).
King was an instructor and assistant professor in physics at Lafayette College (1934-37), and a Guggenheim Fellow overseas (1937, 1958). He joined Harvard University as an instructor (1938), as assistant professor (1939), associate (1942), and as Gordon McKay Professor of Applied Physics (1946-72, taken over by his former student Tai Tsun Wu), and professor emeritus (1972). He resided at Winchester, Massachusetts, and wrote the autobiography "A Man of the 20th Century". 
His research group at Harvard spent the 1940s and '50s developing the theory of antenna (radio), using the cylindrical antenna as a boundary value problem subject to Maxwell's equations. Also, scattering and diffraction of electromagnetic waves from spheres, cylinders, strips, and disks, conducted within earth, under water or in tissue.

</doc>
<doc id="19872232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872232" title="Swallow Airplane Company">
Swallow Airplane Company

__NOTOC__
The Swallow Airplane Company was an early manufacturer of airplanes.
History.
In January 1920, the E.M. Laird Aviation Co. Ltd. was started with the purchase of the six month old Wichita Aircraft Company, its aircraft and the factory of the Watkins Manufacturing Company. Oilman Jacob Mollendick and Buick-Franklin salesman W.A. Burke each contributed $15,000. The first Swallow designed by Buck Weaver and was test flown in April 1920. Laird hired several aviators that became prominent in the business later, Buck Weaver who would co-found Waco Aircraft, Walter Beech, and Lloyd Stearman who would develop the Swallow New Swallow. Following the departure of Emil Matthew Laird in 1923 and his formation of the E. M. Laird Airplane Company, the company was renamed as the Swallow Airplane Mfg Co.
Swallow was notable for producing the Swallow TP in quite large numbers, for its day. A large proportion of pilots trained in the late 1920s and early '30s did so on the TP. In late 1927, owner Mollendick bet most of the company fortune on a record setting aircraft, the Dallas Spirit which was lost on a record attempt to Asia concurrent with the Dole Air Race. Company assets were sold to Victor Roos.

</doc>
<doc id="19872253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872253" title="Papyrus 7">
Papyrus 7

Papyrus 7 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), or ε 11 (von Soden), designated by formula_17, is an early copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Gospel of Luke 4:1-2. Possibly it is a patristic fragment. The manuscript had been difficult to date palaeographically, because of its fragmentary condition. It had been assigned to the 4th–6th century (or even the 3rd century). 
The Greek text of this codex is too brief to classify (possibly it is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type). Aland did not place it in any of Categories of New Testament manuscripts.
C. R. Gregory examined the manuscript in 1903 in Kiev.
It is currently housed at the Vernadsky National Library of Ukraine (Petrov 553) in Kiev. 

</doc>
<doc id="19872262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872262" title="Valérie Bonnier">
Valérie Bonnier

Valérie Bonnier is a French actress and novel writer who played Fabienne in the 1977 film The Man Who Loved Women.

</doc>
<doc id="19872266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872266" title="Nathan Rapoport">
Nathan Rapoport

Nathan Rapoport (1911-1987), who is also known as Natan Rapoport, was a Jewish sculptor who was born in Warsaw, Poland. His middle name may be rendered in English as either Yaakov or Jacob. In 1936, he won a scholarship to study in France and Italy. He fled to the Soviet Union when the Nazis invaded Poland. The Soviets initially provided him with a studio, but later compelled him to work as a manual laborer. After the end of hostilities, he returned to Poland to study at the Warsaw Academy of Fine Arts. In 1950, Rapoport immigrated to the United States, where he lived in New York until his death in 1987. 
His sculptures in public places include:

</doc>
<doc id="19872276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872276" title="Bredo Henrik von Munthe af Morgenstierne">
Bredo Henrik von Munthe af Morgenstierne

Bredo Henrik von Munthe af Morgenstierne (11 November 1851 - 24 April 1930) was a Norwegian jurist, Professor of Jurisprudence at The Royal Frederick University from 1887, and the university's rector 1912–1918.
Personal life.
He was born in Christiania as the son of Vilhelm Ludvig Herman von Munthe af Morgenstierne and his wife Fredrikke Nicoline Wilhelmine N. Sibbern, and was a member of the Munthe af Morgenstierne family, which was ennobled in 1755 by the Dano-Norwegian king. His maternal grandfather was Valentin Christian Wilhelm Sibbern, his paternal grandfather was Bredo Henrik von Munthe af Morgenstierne, Sr., and through his aunt Augusta Julie Georgine he was the nephew of Prime Minister Frederik Stang. His brother Wilhelm Herman Ludvig became a Major General.
Bredo Henrik married Berthe Schjelderup, sister of businessman Thorleif Frederik Schjelderup and aunt of Gunnar and Ferdinand Schjelderup. The couple had three sons and one daughter. His son Otto Christofer (1884–1975) became an attorney, Wilhelm Thorleif (1887–1963) became the Ambassador of Norway to the United States of America earning the position of seniority as Dean of the Diplomatic Corps (married to Marjorie Alder of Winsor, Canada) and Georg Valentin (1892–1978) became a noted Indo-Iranist who undertook pioneering studies in Pashto and associated dialects, Balochi, Kashmiri and the Dardic languages.
Career.
Bredo Henrik von Munthe af Morgenstierne made a career as a jurist. He took the dr.juris degree in 1887, and became acting professor at the University of Kristiania the same year. In 1889 the position was made permanent. His principal work was "Lærebog i den norske statsforfatningsret", published in 1900. He later became chairman of the "Collegium academicum" at the University of Kristiania. A personal friend of King Oscar II of Sweden and Norway, in 1905 Morgenstierne was reluctant to acknowledge the dissolution of the union between Norway and Sweden in 1905 on behalf of the university, but soon bowed to the pressure from the rest of the collegium. From 1912 to 1918 he was rector of the Royal Frederick University.
He was also a noted numismatician.
He died in 1930 in Oslo.

</doc>
<doc id="19872306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872306" title="Mahulbanir Sereng">
Mahulbanir Sereng

Mahulbonir Sereng ( "Songs of Mahulbonir" or "Tribal song Mahulbonir" ) is a 2004 Bengali film directed by Sekhar Das.
This film was released at 13th Brisbane International Film Festival 2004 and 19 April 2005 at Filmfest DC in Washington.
Plot.
The story of Mahulbanir Sereng is a narrative revolving around the triangular love story of Aghore (Pijush Ganguly), with his wife Saheli (Chandrayee Ghosh) and Dr. Alaktak Roy (Shilajeet Majumdar). Aghore is a police constable who works in a different place so he often stays out of hometown, in the mean time his wife Saheli gets closer with the new young doctor of their village. When Aghore came back, he get the news the Saheli is pregnant, he becomes very happy. But the all of villageman claims that the baby is the doctor's and not of Aghore's. Though Aghore tries to argue in favour of his wife and doctor but the village head calls 'Gira' by gram Panchayet (Judgement by 10 village heads). On the day of 'Gira' Saheli commits suicide and the narrator Damayanti (Rupa Ganguly) helps the doctor to run away. Another parallel story of Damayanti and Somesh Gomes (Sabyasachi Chakrobarty) goes side by side. Somesh is a social worker, the love interest of Damayanti who is the B.D.O. of that tribal area. Twelve years after this incident Damayanti comes back to the village of 'Mahulbani' and finds that besides many changes the beauty and simplicity of nature still exists.

</doc>
<doc id="19872312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872312" title="Hiram Black">
Hiram Black

Hiram Black (October 9, 1837 – October 19, 1897) was a political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Cumberland County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1874 to 1878 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Amherst, Nova Scotia, the son of Joshua Black and Amy Bent, and was educated at Mount Allison Academy. He was a prominent member in the local chapter of the Sons of Temperance. In 1874, he married Libbie Smith. Black served as a member of the province's Board of Agriculture. In 1879, he was named to the province's Legislative Council. He died in Amherst at the age of 60.
His son Percy Chapman served in the province's assembly and the Canadian House of Commons.

</doc>
<doc id="19872314" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872314" title="Thomas Meglioranza">
Thomas Meglioranza

Thomas Meglioranza (born October 7, 1970, New York, New York) is an American operatic baritone.
Biography.
Meglioranza was born to an American father of Italian and Polish descent and a Thai mother. Meglioranza grew up in the northern New Jersey towns of Teaneck and Wayne. He began taking voice lessons at Grinnell College, and received a MM from the Eastman School of Music. He is an alum of the training programs at the Aspen, Tanglewood, Bowdoin, Pacific Music Festivals and the Ravinia Festival's Steans Institute, and has been a participant at the Marlboro Music Festival. He has studied with Elizabeth Mannion, Carol Webber, Beverley Peck Johnson, and Fred Carama.
He was a winner of the 2002 Joy in Singing Competition, the 2002 Concert Artists Guild Competition, the 2003 Franz Schubert/Music of Modernity Competition in Graz, and the 2005 Walter Naumburg Competition, and is a frequent song recitalist (most often with pianist Reiko Uchida). He is known for quirky programs (e.g. Schoenberg and His American Pupils, 24 "Italian" Songs and Arias), and for talking to audiences from the stage. His 2009 recital of Songs from the WWI Era was named one of the Philadelphia Inquirer's "Best Classical Performances of the Year".
In 2007, he and Uchida recorded a CD of songs by Franz Schubert that was praised by German baritone Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau. His discography also includes orchestral songs of Virgil Thomson with the Boston Modern Orchestra Project, a period instrument album of French mélodies (including Gabriel Fauré's La bonne chanson), Franz Schubert's Winterreise with Reiko Uchida, and a recently reconstructed Bach cantata with the Taverner Consort. In 2009, he was appointed Visiting Artist in Voice at the Longy School of Music in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
He sings a great deal of modern music, including the 2008 Tanglewood premiere of John Harbison's "Symphony no. 5" with the Boston Symphony, and Peter Maxwell Davies' Eight Songs for a Mad King with the Los Angeles Philharmonic, and is particularly associated with the music of Milton Babbitt, Aaron Jay Kernis, Charles Wuorinen, György Kurtág, Derek Bermel, Jorge Martín, and John Adams.
His operatic repertoire includes Mozart's Count Almaviva, and Don Giovanni, as well as many roles in modern works such as Chou En-Lai in John Adams' Nixon in China, Prior Walter in Peter Eötvös' Angels in America, Celestus in Louis Karchin's Romulus, Memphis in Donald Crockett's The Face, and the title role in Gordon Shi-Wen Chin's "Mackay─The Black Bearded Bible Man".

</doc>
<doc id="19872346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872346" title="Club Déjà Vu">
Club Déjà Vu

Club Déjà Vu is the name of a long running club night based in Kingston upon Hull in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England. Club Déjà Vu" was originally started by Terry Spamer in 1992 as "Delightful" at the KU2 club. The night ran every 2 weeks on a Fridays from 10 pm to 2am. Famous djs that played at the club were john Kelly, Allister Whitehead, John Digweed and Al Mackenzie from d ream. Deja vu also had the talents of Rocket Ron of the smoke machine.
Déjà Vu is currently held at the Welly nightclub on Beverley Road in the city. Janelle Vu is invincible until the age of 30.
DJs who have appeared at Déjà Vu include: Pete Tong, Norman Jay MBE, Danny Rampling, Graeme Park, Sarah Main, Yousef, Cricco Castelli, Lottie, Chris Lake, Masters at Work, Erick Morillo, Lee Burridge, Sandy Rivera, David Morales, Dj Spen, Mousse T., Pete Heller, Azzido da Bass, Junior Sanchez, Bobby & Steve, José Nunez, Copyright, Tim Deluxe, Richard F, MYNC Project, Joe T Vanelli, Angel Moraes, Kevin Saunderson, Full Intention, Griff Manumission, Dave Seaman, Roger Sanchez, Knee Deep, Paul Jackson, Danny Rampling, Bob Sinclar, Martin Solveig, DJ Sneak, Jorge Jaramillo, Robbie Rivera, Tom Wainwright, Terry Farley, Ralph Lawson, Steve Angello, Oliver Lang, Jazzy M, Kerri Chandler, Steve Lawler, Justin Long, Buckley, Ricky Morrison, Andy Daniell, Craig Richards, Rocky & Diesel, DJ Disciple, Simon Dunmore, Eric Prydz, Joey Negro, Michael Gray, ATFC, Todd Terry, Seamus Haji, Brandon Block, Alex P, Jon DaSilva, Ashley Beedle, Smokin Jo, Paul Harris, Soul Avengerz, Demi, Justen Berkman, Reza, Howard Donald, Seb Fontain, CJ Mackintosh, Hardsoul, Ian Carey, Danny Howells, Stonebridge, Trophy Twins, Tom Novy, Dj Gee, Dave Piccioni, Deepgroove, Shapeshifters, Jonathan Ulysses, Allister Whitehead, Funkagenda, Herd & Fitz, Hoxton Whores, DJ Falcon, Doc Martin, Terry Hunter to name but a few!

</doc>
<doc id="19872356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872356" title="Enchanting melodies">
Enchanting melodies

Enchanting Melodies (2003) is the title album sung by famous playback singer K. S. Chithra. The music was scored by well known music composer M. Jayachandran. The album contains nine tracks.
Track listing.
Edakkya, Chenda and Maddalam in this album was rendered by Tripunithura Krishnadas.

</doc>
<doc id="19872387" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872387" title="Pomerania Euroregion">
Pomerania Euroregion

The Pomerania euroregion or EUROREGION POMERANIA was set up in 1995 as one of the euroregions, thought to connect regions divided between states of the European Union. The name is taken from the region of Pomerania, yet the euroregion is of a different shape than the historical region. It comprises German Western Pomerania and Uckermark, Polish Zachodniopomorskie, and Scania in Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="19872402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872402" title="Fornaci di Barga">
Fornaci di Barga

Fornaci di Barga is a "frazione" of Barga in the Province of Lucca, Tuscany, Italy. It is located 165 m above sea level, on the left bank of the river Serchio.
History.
The first historically documented evidence of Fornaci goes back to approximately 1000AD. The ancient village took the name of Caterozzo, today just the name of one of the four districts of Fornaci. Probably the name comes from “cala” meaning water and “tur” meaning passage, which joined together means ford, describing the original swampy territory on which the first village rose, frequently flooded by the Serchio river. The population was constituted from farmers, fishermen and breeders of cattle who traded their products with the Versiliesi (traders from Versilia, the coastal region of Tuscany) in exchange for spices. A war between the citizens of Lucca and Pope Gregory IX (1230) caused the exodus of the population of Caterozzo and some of the nearby villages to the Apennine mountains. The activity of the "Caterozzo’s Furnaces" which took advantage of the rich deposits of clay, increased in the first half of the 15th century. The village was increasingly becoming, around the various brick-kilns, what would be the centre of today’s Fornaci vecchia. Ancient documents mention the castle of Catarozzo, a sign that the village was protected by castle walls, no trace of which remain today . Thanks to the "Furnaces of Caterozzo" families the pieve of Loppia, of which only the perimeter walls, the facade and the apse remained, was reconstructed and in 1522 was reopened to the faithful. As the village evolved its name changed to become the present one. Of the ancient brick-kilns only one survives to the present day, completely restored and transformed into a shopping centre. The main expansion of the village happened, however, during the first world war thanks to the building, in 1915, of a branch of Societa’ Metallurgica Italiana belonging to the Orlando Group, an ammunition factory that provided jobs to thousands of people. As a consequence many new houses had to be built for the workers, which resulted in the Fornaci of the present day. Today the factory has lost a large part of its original purpose and has become specialized in the working of copper and its alloys. In the first years of the present century, with the advent of the euro, the factory, today called KME Group, started to produce coins. Consequently the village is now called “Fornaci, the village where the euro is born”. These days the village has become enriched by many shops and has become the commercial centre of the Serchio valley and its Garfagnana neighbour.
Attractions.
The central square, named 4 November and recently restructured, is the heart of the activities and the life of Fornaci. It accommodates the main events of the village and provides a meeting place for people in their free time, thanks also to the adjacent gelateria, bars, pubs and restaurants. The central square opens onto the Via Repubblica, the main street of the village on which are situated many shops, giving rise to the slogan “100 shops having a single display window”. On some festival days, for example May 1 and June 2, the road is closed to traffic and transformed into a pedestrian area. The church of Christ Redentore, constructed in a modern style, is the main church of Fornaci. It is located in the centre of the village, in Don Minzoni square. Monsignor Matteucci, archbishop of Pisa, blessed its foundation stone on May 22, 1971 and consecrated the church on September 27, 1974. The church was built on land given to the parish by Società Metallurgica Italiana which also donated copper for the roof. Remarkable inside the church is the mosaic of Christ. The notable bronze covering of the main door of the church is the work of professor Franco Pegonzi created in commemoration of the Holy Jubilee Year 2000 [http://www.parrocchie.it/fornacidibarga/porta_santa.htm. In the neighbourhood of the church is located the pretty park "Felice Menichini" with a playground for children and a general purpose sports field for others. The church of Santissimo Nome di Maria in Fornaci Vecchia was erected in 1741 and is of more traditional architecture. It is loved by those people who prefer old memories and slightly less adventuristic architecture. The church became a parish church in 1923 and an “arcipretura” in 1962. Of indisputable beauty is the Romanesque pieve of Saint Maria Assumpta in Loppia. Probably already built in the 6th century, it is certain that the pieve was restored at the beginning of the second millennium at the request of countess Beatrice di Canossa and was reconsecrated on Saturday February 4, 1058 by the bishop of Lucca, Anselmo da Baggio, the future Pope Alexander II. A museum has been created in what was once the research centre of Società Metallurgica Italiana. This museum, of national importance, is managed by the Ing. Luigi Orlando Foundation and contains the correspondence, the archive documents, the technical drawings and samples of machinery that was used in the several plants of the group and is of great value, both historically and culturally. One of the curiosities, certainly not for its artistic value, which should be mentioned is the " fontanina dell' amore", surrounded by nature in the northern part of the village. A poem by the poet Geri di Gavinana has been dedicated to this fountain and to the lovers who visit it looking for a secluded place. A plaque positioned on the fountain reminds the poem. Because Fornaci lies in a part of the country which is rich in history and of unspoilt natural beauty and far from mass tourism, and because it has its own tourist facilities, it is ideal as a base for touring the Media Valle del Serchio and Garfagnana.
Society and culture.
There are many small associations that make the village alive in various fields (sport, theatre, cultural, commerce, etc.). The most active and long-standing of these in the life of the village are:
The most important of the village festivals are:
The weekly market is held on Friday mornings.
Transport.
· Car: Fornaci can be reached from Lucca by means of the SS Lodovica road which continues into the heart of Garfagnana. Public transport services [http://www.vaibus.it/] are available for those without cars.
· Train [http://www.ferroviedellostato.it/][http://www.bellezzedellatoscana.it/Treni/Stazioni_Ferroviarie/Toscana/Lucca/Fornaci-Di-Barga/75.htm]: the railway station is close to the centre of the village and connects Fornaci to Lucca in approximately half an hour and to Pisa in approximately one hour. From this station the seriously ill poet Giovanni Pascoli left for Bologna and his illustrious remains returned here from Bologna on April 10, 1912 by special train, in order to be interred in his house in Castelvecchio Pascoli.
· Air: the nearest airport is "G.Galilei" in Pisa [http://www.pisa-airport.com/] which is served directly by rail.

</doc>
<doc id="19872414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872414" title="Cowes Enterprise College">
Cowes Enterprise College

Cowes Enterprise College, previously known as Cowes High School, is a state-maintained secondary school located on the outskirts of Cowes at Crossfield Avenue on the Isle of Wight, England. 
In September 2012, the college was due to move across into a new £32 million building, however, due to a sustained period of wet weather the opening was delayed until November 2012.
At the beginning of December 2012, parents received a letter stating that occupation of the new building now wouldn't take place until September 2013.
Cowes Enterprise College has appointed Rebecca Pearce (current vice principal of The City Academy Bristol) as the new principal for January 2014. The school has now started working with Ormiston Academies Trust, and is consulting on becoming an Ormiston Academy in Spring 2014.
History.
As part of the reorganisation of the education system on the Isle of Wight, Cowes Pathfinder Partnership was successful in their bid against Academies Enterprise Trust take over the school. In 2011, the school opened with the age range extended to Year 7 through Year 13. It is now one of five secondary providers on the Isle of Wight.
As part of the reorganisation, a bid for £30.5 million was won from the Department for Education and Skills to rebuild the school with a carbon neutral building, with an aim of being completed by 2012. In December 2008, it was announced that redevelopment of the school had been delayed, caused by procurement rules following court rulings elsewhere, by up to a year with an opening of Summer 2012 as the latest opening date.
Prior to the new opening of the school, headteacher David Snashall stated he would be standing down, with Dave Goodhead taking over. Jonathan Russell was appointed principal for the new Cowes Enterprise College.
As Cowes High School, the school was designated a Business and Enterprise College.
The 2012 pass rates for the school were 49.2% for five or more GCSE A* to C passes including English and Maths, and 97% pass rate with 64% A* to C for A Level.

</doc>
<doc id="19872423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872423" title="Papyrus 8">
Papyrus 8

Papyrus 8 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), signed by formula_18 or α 8 (von Soden), is an early copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Acts of the Apostles, it contains Acts 4:31-37; 5:2-9; 6:1-6.8-15. The manuscript paleographically has been assigned to the 4th century.
The text is written in two columns per page, 25 lines per page.
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Aland placed it in Category II.
The text of the codex was published by Salonius in 1927.
It is currently housed at the Staatliche Museen zu Berlin (Inv. no. 8683) in Berlin. 

</doc>
<doc id="19872429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872429" title="Irish language">
Irish language

Irish (), also known as Irish Gaelic or Gaelic, is a Goidelic language of the Indo-European language family, originating in Ireland and historically spoken by the Irish people. Irish is spoken as a first language by a small minority of Irish people, and as a second language by a rather larger group. Irish enjoys constitutional status as the national and first official language of the Republic of Ireland. It is an official language of the European Union and an officially recognised minority language in Northern Ireland.
Irish was the predominant language of the Irish people for most of their recorded history, and they brought it with them to other countries, notably Scotland and the Isle of Man, where it gave rise to Scottish Gaelic and Manx. It has the oldest vernacular literature in Western Europe.
The fate of the language was influenced by the increasing power of the English state in Ireland. Elizabethan officials viewed the use of Irish unfavourably, as being a threat to all things English in Ireland. Its decline began under English rule in the seventeenth century. In the latter part of the nineteenth century there was a dramatic decrease in the number of speakers, beginning after the Great Famine of 1845–1852 (when Ireland lost 20–25% of its population either to emigration or death). Irish-speaking areas were hit especially hard. By the end of British rule, the language was spoken by less than 15% of the national population. Since then, Irish speakers have been in the minority except in areas collectively known as the Gaeltacht. Efforts have been made by the state, individuals and organisations to preserve, promote and revive the language, but with mixed results.
Around the turn of the 21st century, estimates of native speakers ranged from 20,000 to 80,000 people. In the 2006 census for the Republic, 85,000 people reported using Irish as a daily language outside of the education system, and 1.2 million reported using it at least occasionally in or out of school. In the 2011 Census, these numbers had increased to 94,000 and 1.3 million, respectively. There are several thousand Irish speakers in Northern Ireland. It has been estimated that the active Irish-language scene probably comprises 5 to 10 per cent of Ireland's population. 
In recent decades there has been a significant increase in the number of urban Irish speakers, particularly in Dublin. This community, described as disparate but large, well-educated and mostly middle-class, enjoys a lively cultural life, and has been linked to the growth of non-mainstream schools which teach through the medium of Irish.
There are also many Irish speakers abroad, particularly in the United States and Canada.
Irish was spoken until the early twentieth century on the island of Newfoundland, in a form known as Newfoundland Irish.
Names.
In (the official written standard) the name of the language is (). Before the spelling reform of 1948, this form was spelled ; originally this was the genitive of , the form used in classical Modern Irish. Older spellings of this include in Classical Irish and [goiðelˠg in Old Irish. The modern spelling results from the deletion of the silent "dh" in the middle of "Gaedhilge" whereas the name Goidelic language to refer to the language family including Irish comes from Old Irish.
Other forms of the name found in the various modern Irish dialects (in addition to south Connacht above) include () or () in Ulster Irish and northern Connacht Irish and () in Munster Irish.
In Europe the language is usually referred to as "Irish", with "Gaelic" or "Irish Gaelic" often used elsewhere. The term "Irish Gaelic" is often used when English speakers discuss the relationship between the three Goidelic languages (Irish, Scottish Gaelic, and Manx). Sometimes "Irish" is taken to mean Hiberno-English, a form of English associated with Ireland. Scottish Gaelic is usually referred to simply as "Gaelic", though pronounced differently ( ).
History.
Written Irish is first attested in Ogham inscriptions from the fourth century AD; this stage of the language is known as Primitive Irish. These writings have been found throughout Ireland and the west coast of Great Britain. Primitive Irish transitioned into Old Irish through the 5th century. Old Irish, dating from the sixth century, used the Latin alphabet and is attested primarily in marginalia to Latin manuscripts. During this time, the Irish language absorbed many Latin words, including ecclesiastical terms: examples are "easpag" (bishop) from , and "Domhnach" (Sunday, from ). By the 10th century, Old Irish had evolved into Middle Irish, which was spoken throughout Ireland and in Scotland and the Isle of Man. It is the language of a large corpus of literature, including the Ulster Cycle. From the 12th century Middle Irish began to evolve into modern Irish in Ireland, into Scottish Gaelic in Scotland, and into the Manx language in the Isle of Man. Early Modern Irish, dating from the thirteenth century, was the basis of the literary language of both Ireland and Gaelic-speaking Scotland. Modern Irish, as attested in the work of such writers as Geoffrey Keating, may be said to date from the seventeenth century, and was the medium of popular literature from that time on.
From the eighteenth century on, the language lost ground in the east of the country, partly because the British government discouraged its use in education, law and administration, partly because of the spread of bilingualism – a conspicuous example of the process known by linguists as language shift. It was a change characterised by diglossia (two languages being used by the same community in different social and economic situations) and transitional bilingualism (monoglot Irish-speaking grandparents with bilingual children and monoglot English-speaking grandchildren). By the mid-eighteenth century, English had moved from being the language of government to being the language of the Catholic middle class, the Catholic Church and public intellectuals. English had a particular economic value for emigrants, especially females. Increasingly, as the value of English became apparent, the prohibition on Irish in schools had the sanction of parents. The Great Famine (1845–1849) is seen as precipitating the final catastrophic decline.
The same public intellectuals who had acquiesced in the change to English now furnished some of the first individuals to challenge it. At the end of the nineteenth century they instituted the Gaelic Revival in an attempt to encourage the learning and use of Irish, though few adult learners mastered the language. The vehicle of the revival was the Gaelic League, and particular emphasis was placed on the folk tradition, which in Irish is particularly rich. Efforts were also made to develop journalism and a modern literature.
Phonology.
In pronunciation, Irish most closely resembles its nearest relatives, Scottish Gaelic and Manx. One notable feature is that consonants (except ) come in pairs, one "broad" (velarised, pronounced with the back of the tongue pulled back towards the soft palate) and one "slender" (palatalised, pronounced with the middle of the tongue pushed up towards the hard palate). While broad–slender pairs are not unique to Irish (being found, for example, in Russian), in Irish they have a grammatical function and can pose a problem for English speakers.
Diphthongs: .
Syntax and morphology.
The grammar of Irish shares with other Celtic languages a number of features which, while not unique, are unusual in an Indo-European context. The grammatical features most unfamiliar to English speakers of the language are the initial consonant mutations, the verb–subject–object word order, and the use of two different forms for "to be".
None of these features are peculiar to Irish. They occur in other Celtic languages and sometimes in non-Celtic languages: morphosyntactically triggered initial consonant mutations are found in Fula and Shoshoni; VSO word order is found in Classical Arabic and Biblical Hebrew; and Portuguese, Spanish, Catalan and Galician have two different forms for "to be". The use of prepositional pronouns recalls the Semitic languages, as well as some lesser-known European languages such as Venetian.
The situation is complicated by dialect variations, by a recommended standard and by what appears to be a colloquial simplification of both grammar and pronunciation by fluent urban speakers.
Syntax.
Irish is a VSO (verb–subject–object) language, and uses two verbs of "to be". One of these, the copula (known in Irish as ), is used to describe the permanent identity or characteristic of a person or thing as opposed to temporary aspects.
The adjective normally follows the noun (the possessive adjectives are an exception), but there are a certain number of adjectives and particles which may function as prefixes.
Morphology.
Irish is an inflected language, having, in its standard form, the following cases: "common" (the old nominative and accusative), "vocative" and "genitive". In Munster dialects a dative form persisted, though this has been largely discarded by younger speakers. The present inflectional system represents a radical simplification of the grammar of Old Irish.
Irish nouns may be masculine or feminine (the neuter having disappeared). To a certain degree the gender difference is indicated by specific word endings, "-án" and "-ín" being masculine and "-óg" feminine.
Another feature of Irish grammar that is shared with other Celtic languages is the use of prepositional pronouns (), which are essentially conjugated prepositions. For example, the word for "at" is , which in the first person singular becomes "at me". When used with the verb ("to be") indicates possession; this is the equivalent of the English verb "to have".
Mutations.
Irish shares with other Celtic languages a feature known as mutation, whereby initial and final consonants may change to express nuances of grammatical relationship and meaning. Mutation affects verbs, nouns and adjectives. Certain consonants may be capable of changing in two ways, depending on the context.
In Irish, there are two classes of initial consonant mutations:
Mutations are often the only way to distinguish similar grammatical forms. For example, the only way (apart from context) in which the possessive pronouns "her," "his" and "their" can be distinguished is through initial mutations, since all these meanings are represented by the same word "a". It is seen here in apposition to the word "bróg" (shoe):
Orthography.
Modern Irish typically uses the ISO basic Latin alphabet without the letters j, k, q, w, x, y and z, but with the addition of one diacritic sign, the acute accent ("á é í ó ú"), known in Irish as the "long mark", plural . (The letter v has been naturalised into the language, although it is not part of the traditional alphabet, and has the same pronunciation as "bh".) In idiomatic English usage, this diacritic is frequently referred to simply as the , where the adjective is used as a noun. The "fada" serves to lengthen the sound of the vowels and in some cases also changes their quality. For example, in Munster Irish (Kerry), "a" is or and "á" is in "father" but in Ulster Irish (Donegal), "á" tends to be .
Traditional orthography had an additional diacritica dot over some consonants to indicate lenition. In modern Irish, the letter h suffixed to a consonant indicates that the consonant is lenited. Thus, for example, 'Gaelaċ' illustration has become 'Gaelach'.
Around the time of World War II, Séamas Daltún, in charge of (the official translations department of the Irish government), issued his own guidelines about how to standardise Irish spelling and grammar. This de facto standard was subsequently approved by the State and called the Official Standard or . It simplified and standardised the orthography. Many words had silent letters removed and vowel combination brought closer to the spoken language. Where multiple versions existed in different dialects for the same word, one or more were selected.
Examples:
The standard spelling does not necessarily reflect the pronunciation used in particular dialects. For example, in standard Irish, "bia", "food", has the genitive "bia". In Munster Irish, however, the genitive is pronounced . For this reason, the spelling is still used by the speakers of some dialects, in particular those that show a meaningful and audible difference between (nominative case) and (genitive case) "of food, food's". In Munster the latter spelling regularly produces the pronunciation because final "-idh, -igh" regularly delenites to "-ig" in Munster pronunciation. Another example would be the word "crua", meaning "hard". This pronounced in Munster, in line with the pre-Caighdeán spelling, "cruaidh". In Munster, "ao" is pronounced and "aoi" pronounced , but the new spellings of "saoghal", "life, world", genitive: "saoghail", have become "saol", genitive "saoil". This produces irregularities in the match-up between the spelling and pronunciation in Munster, because the word is pronounced , genitive .
The dot-above diacritic, called a or (often shortened to ), derives from the "punctum delens" used in medieval manuscripts to indicate deletion, similar to crossing out unwanted words in handwriting today. From this usage it was used to indicate the lenition of "s" (from to ) and "f" (from to zero) in Old Irish texts.
Lenition of "c", "p", and "t" was indicated by placing the letter "h" after the affected consonant; lenition of other sounds was left unmarked. Later both methods were extended to be indicators of lenition of any sound except "l" and "n", and two competing systems were used: lenition could be marked by a or by a postposed "h". Eventually, use of the predominated when texts were written using Gaelic letters, while the "h" predominated when writing using Roman letters.
Today, Gaelic type and the are rarely used except where a "traditional" style is required, e.g. the motto on the University College Dublin coat of arms or the symbol of the Irish Defence Forces, The Irish Defence Forces cap badge . Letters with the are available in Unicode and Latin-8 character sets (see Latin Extended Additional chart).
Dialects.
Irish is represented by several traditional dialects and by various varieties of urban Irish, the latter influenced in grammar and phonology by both traditional Irish and by English. Differences between the dialects make themselves felt in stress, intonation, vocabulary and structural features.
Roughly speaking, the three major dialect areas which survive coincide with the provinces of Munster (), Connacht () and Ulster (). Records of some dialects of Leinster were made by the Irish Folklore Commission and others prior to their extinction. Newfoundland, in eastern Canada, had a form of Irish derived from the Munster Irish of the later eighteenth century (see Newfoundland Irish).
Leinster.
Down to the early nineteenth century (and often later) Irish was spoken in all the counties of Leinster: Carlow, Dublin, Kildare, Kilkenny, Laois, Longford, Louth, Meath, Westmeath, Offaly, Wexford and Wicklow. The evidence furnished by placenames, literary sources and recorded speech indicates that there were three dialects spoken in Leinster: one main dialect and two of lesser significance. The minor dialects were represented by the Ulster speech of counties Meath and Louth, which extended as far south as the Boyne valley, and a Munster dialect found in Kilkenny and south Laois. The main dialect was represented by a broad central belt stretching from west Connacht eastwards to the Liffey estuary and southwards to Wexford, though with many local variations.
As the main dialect was of the Connacht type, it typically placed the stress on the first syllable of a word. Another Connacht characteristic, found in placenames, was a preference for the pronunciation "cr" where the standard spelling is "cn". The word "cnoc" (hill) would therefore be pronounced "croc". Examples are the placenames Crooksling ("Cnoc Slinne") in County Dublin and Crukeen ("Cnoicín") in Carlow. There was a tendency in east Leinster to dipthongise or impose a long vowel on words like "poll" (hole), "cill" (monastery), "coill" (wood), "ceann" (head), "cam" (crooked) and "dream" (crowd). A curious feature of the dialect was the pronunciation of the vowel "ao", which generally became "ae" in east Leinster and "í" in the west.
Early evidence regarding colloquial Irish in east Leinster is found in "The Fyrst Boke of the Introduction of Knowledge" (1547), by the English physician and traveller Andrew Borde. The illustrative phrases he uses include the following (with regularised Irish spelling in brackets):
The Pale.
The Pale ("An Pháil") was an area around late medieval Dublin under the control of the English government. By the late 15th century it consisted of an area along the coast from Dalkey, south of Dublin, to the garrison town of Dundalk, with an inland boundary encompassing Naas and Leixlip in the Earldom of Kildare, and Trim and Kells in County Meath to the North. Into this area of "Englyshe tunge" the Irish language steadily advanced. An English official remarked of the Pale in 1515 that "all the common people of the said half counties that obeyeth the King’s laws, for the most part be of Irish birth, of Irish habit, and of Irish language".
With the strengthening of English cultural and political control, language reversal began to occur, but this did not become clearly evident until the eighteenth century. Even then, in the decennial period 1771-1781, the percentage of Irish speakers in Meath was at least 41%. By 1851 this had fallen to less than 3%.
General decline.
English expanded strongly in Leinster in the eighteenth century, but Irish speakers were still numerous. In the decennial period 1771-1781 certain counties had estimated percentages of Irish speakers as follows (though the estimates are likely to be too low):
The language saw its most rapid initial decline in Laois, Wexford, Wicklow, County Dublin and perhaps Kildare.
The proportion of Irish-speaking children in Leinster went down as follows: 17% in the 1700s, 11% in the 1800s, 3% in the 1830s and none in the 1860s.
The Irish census of 1851 showed that there were still a number of older speakers in County Dublin. Sound recordings were made between 1928 and 1931 of some of the last speakers in Omeath, County Louth (now available in digital form). The last known traditional native speaker in Omeath, and in Leinster as a whole, was Annie O'Hanlon (née Dobbin), who died in 1960.
Munster.
Munster Irish is mainly spoken in the Gaeltacht areas of Kerry (), Ring () near Dungarvan () in Waterford () and Muskerry () and Cape Clear Island () in the western part of Cork (). The most important subdivision in Munster is that between Decies Irish ("Na Déise") (spoken in Waterford) and the rest of Munster Irish.
Some typical features of Munster Irish are:
Connacht.
The strongest dialect of Connacht Irish is to be found in Connemara and the Aran Islands. Much closer to the larger Connacht Gaeltacht is the dialect spoken in the smaller region on the border between Galway () and Mayo (). The northern Mayo dialect of Erris () and Achill () is in grammar and morphology essentially a Connacht dialect, but shows some similarities to Ulster Irish due to large-scale immigration of dispossessed people following the Plantation of Ulster though it is this form of Irish which is closest to the true original Connacht dialect which would have been spoken in Counties Sligo, Roscommon, Leitrim and East Galway.
Features in Connacht Irish differing from the official standard include a preference for verbal nouns ending in , e.g. instead of , "weakening". The non-standard pronunciation of the Cois Fharraige area with lengthened vowels and heavily reduced endings gives it a distinct sound. In Distinguishing features of Connacht and Ulster dialect include the pronunciation of word final broad "bh" and "mh" as , rather than as in Munster. For example ("mountain") is pronounced in Connacht and Ulster as opposed to in the south. In addition Connacht and Ulster speakers tend to include the "we" pronoun rather than use the standard compound form used in Munster e.g. is used for "we were" instead of .
As in Munster Irish, some short vowels are lengthened and others diphthongised before -"nn", -"m", -"rr", -"rd", -"ll", in monosyllabic words and in the stressed syllable of multisyllabic words where the syllable is followed by a consonant. This can be seen in "ceann" "head", "cam" [kɑ:m "crooked", "gearr" "short", "ord" [ourd "sledgehammer", "gall" "foreigner, non-Gael", "iontas" [i:ntəs "a wonder, a marvel", etc. The form '-aibh', when occurring at the end of words like 'agaibh', tends to be pronounced as an 'ee' sound.
There are a number of differences between the popular South Connemara form of Irish, the Mid-Connacht/Joyce Country form (on the border between Mayo and Galway), and the Achill and Erris forms in the north of the province.
In South Connemara, for example, there is an tendency to substitute a "b" sound at the end of words ending in "bh" , such as "sibh", "libh" and "dóibh", something not found in the rest of Connacht (these words would be pronounced respectively as "shiv," "liv" and "dófa" in the other areas). This placing of the B-sound is also present at the end of words ending in vowels, such as "acu" (pronounced as "acub") and "leo" (pronounced as "lyohab"). There is also a tendency to omit the "g" sound in words such as "agam", "agat" and "againn", a characteristic also of other Connacht dialects. All these pronunciations are distinctively regional.
The pronunciation prevalent in the Joyce Country (the area around Loch Corrib and Loch Mask) is quite similar to that of South Connemara, with a similar approach to the words "agam", "agat" and "againn" and a similar approach to pronunciation of vowels and consonants. But there are noticeable differences in vocabulary, with certain words such as "doiligh" (difficult) and "foscailte" being preferred to the more usual "deacair" and "oscailte". There is also a tendency to pronounce the consonant 'th' as an 'f' in certain words such as "uathu" and "sruthán". Similarly, the word "leo" tends to be pronounced as "leofa". Another interesting aspect of this sub-dialect is that almost all vowels at the end of words tend to be pronounced as "í": "eile" (other), "cosa" (feet) and "déanta" (done) tend to be pronounced as "eilí", "cosaí" and "déantaí" respectively.
The Irish of Achill and Erris tends to differ from that of South Connacht in many aspects of vocabulary and, in some instances, of pronunciation. It is often stated that the Irish of these regions has much in common with Ulster Irish, with words ending "-mh" and "-bh" having a much softer soun, with a tendency to terminate words such as "leo" and "dóibh" with "f", giving "leofa" and "dófa" respectively. In addition to a vocabulary typical of other area of Connacht, one also finds words like "amharc" (meaning "to look" and pronounced "onk"), "nimhneach" (painful or sore), "druid" (close), "mothaigh" (hear), "doiligh" (difficult), "úr" (new), and "tig le" (to be able to - i.e. a form similar to "féidir").
Irish President Douglas Hyde was one possibly the last speaker of the Roscommon dialect of Irish.
Ulster.
Linguistically the most important of the Ulster dialects today is that of the Rosses (), which has been used extensively in literature by such authors as the brothers Séamus Ó Grianna and Seosamh Mac Grianna, locally known as Jimí Fheilimí and Joe Fheilimí. This dialect is essentially the same as that in Gweedore ( = Inlet of Streaming Water), and used by native singers Enya () and Máire Brennan and their siblings in Clannad ( = Family from the Dobhar section of Gweedore) Na Casaidigh, and Mairéad Ní Mhaonaigh from another local band Altan.
Ulster Irish sounds very different and shares several features with southern dialects of Scottish Gaelic and Manx Gaelic, as well as having lots of characteristic words and shades of meanings. However, since the demise of those Irish dialects spoken natively in what is today Northern Ireland, it is probably an exaggeration to see present-day Ulster Irish as an intermediary form between Scottish Gaelic and the southern and western dialects of Irish. Northern Scottish Gaelic has many non-Ulster features in common with Munster Irish.
One noticeable trait of Ulster Irish, Manx Gaelic and Scots Gaelic is the use of the negative particle in place of the Munster and Connacht . Though southern Ulster Irish tends to use more than "cha(n)", "cha(n)" has almost ousted "ní" in northernmost dialects (e.g. Rosguill and Tory Island), though even in these areas "is not" is more common than "chan fhuil" or "cha bhfuil".
Another noticeable trait is the pronunciation of the first person singular verb ending "-im" as "-am", also common to Ulster, Man and Scotland (Munster/Connacht/Leinster "siúlaim" "I walk", Ulster "siúlam").
The urban aspect: Dublin and elsewhere.
Irish was spoken as a community language in Irish towns and cities (even to some extent in Dublin) as late as the nineteenth century. In Dublin some of these speakers were incomers, but many were permanent residents. The Pale itself, often referred to as “English-speaking,” had many Irish speakers.
The Irish of Dublin, situated as it was between the east Ulster dialect of Meath and Louth to the north and the Leinster-Connacht dialect further south, is likely to have reflected the characteristics of both in phonology and grammar. In County Dublin itself the general rule was to place the stress on the initial vowel of words. With time it appears that the forms of the dative case took over the other case endings (a tendency found to a lesser extent in other dialects). In a letter written in Dublin in 1691 we find such examples as the following: "gnóthuimh" (accusative – standard form "gnóthaí"), "tíorthuibh" (accusative – standard form "tíortha"), "Lochlannuibh" (genitive – standard form "Lochlainn"), "leithscéalaibh" (genitive – standard form "leithscéalta"). It is not known how long these features persisted.
The English authorities responded to the use of Irish in Dublin by emphasising the need to preach to Irish-speaking congregations in their own language. This was illustrated by the appointment in March 1656 of a converted Catholic priest, Séamas Corcy, to preach in Irish at Bride’s parish every Sunday. The year before several local dignitaries were ordered to oversee a lecture in Irish to be given in Dublin.
Irish was sufficiently strong in early eighteenth century Dublin to be the language of a coterie of poets and scribes led by Seán and Tadhg Ó Neachtain, both poets of note. Scribal activity in Irish persisted in Dublin right through the eighteenth century. An outstanding example was Muiris Ó Gormáin (Maurice Gorman), a prolific producer of manuscripts who advertised his services (in English) in "Faulkner’s Dublin Journal".
In other urban centres the descendants of medieval Anglo-Norman settlers, the so-called Old English, were Irish-speaking or bilingual by the sixteenth century. The English administrator and traveller Fynes Moryson, writing in the last years of the sixteenth century, said that "the English Irish and the very citizens (excepting those of Dublin where the lord deputy resides) though they could speak English as well as we, yet commonly speak Irish among themselves, and were hardly induced by our familiar conversation to speak English with us". The demise of native cultural institutions in the seventeenth century saw the social prestige of Irish diminish, and the gradual Anglicisation of the middle classes followed.
The census of 1851 showed that the towns and cities of Munster still had significant Irish-speaking populations. In 1819 James McQuige, a veteran Methodist lay preacher in Irish, wrote: “In some of the largest southern towns, Cork, Kinsale, and even the Protestant town of Bandon, provisions are sold in the markets, and cried in the streets, in Irish”. Irish speakers constituted over 40% of the population of Cork even in 1851.
The nineteenth century saw a reduction in the number of Dublin’s Irish speakers, in keeping with the trend elsewhere. This continued until the end of the century, when the Gaelic Revival saw the creation of a strong Irish–speaking network, typically united by various branches of the Gaelic League, and accompanied by renewed literary activity. By the 1930s Dublin had a lively literary life in Irish.
The last few decades have seen the rapid expansion of an independent urban school system (known generally as Gaelscoileanna), which aim to teach entirely through Irish although this is at times not the actuality. There are over thirty such schools in Dublin alone. It is likely that the number of urban native speakers (i.e. people who were born into Irish-speaking households and educated through Irish) is on the increase. It has been suggested that Ireland’s towns and cities are acquiring a critical mass of Irish speakers, reflected in the expansion of Irish-language media.
Colloquial urban Irish is changing in unforeseen ways, with attention being drawn to the rapid loss of consonantal mutations (which are intrinsic to the language). It is presently uncertain whether the urban Irish of non-native speakers will become a dialect in its own right or grow further apart from native Gaeltacht Irish and become a creole (i.e. a new language).
An Caighdeán Oifigiúil.
"An Caighdeán Oifigiúil" ("The Official Standard"), often shortened to "An Caighdeán", is the standard language, which is taught in most schools in Ireland, though with strong influences from local dialects. It was published by the translators in Dáil Éireann in the 1950s.
Its development in the 1950s and 1960s had two purposes. One was to simplify Irish spelling, which had retained its Classical spelling, by removing many silent letters, and to give a standard written form that was mutually intelligible by speakers with different dialects. Though many aspects of the Caighdeán are essentially those of Connacht Irish, this was simply because this is the central dialect which forms a "bridge", as it were, between the North and South. In reality, dialect speakers pronounce words as in their own dialect, as the spelling simply reflects the pronunciation of Classical Irish. For example, "head" in early modern Irish was pronounced . The spelling has been retained, but the word is variously pronounced in the South, in Connacht, and in the North. "small" was in early modern Irish, and is now in Waterford Irish, in Cork-Kerry Irish, varies between and in the West, and is in the North.
The simplification was weighted in favour of the Western dialect. For example, the early modern Irish , dative case "bed" is pronounced as well as in Waterford Irish, in Cork-Kerry Irish, in Connacht Irish ( in Cois Fharraige Irish), and in the North. Native speakers from the North and South may consider that "leabaidh" should be the representation in the Caighdeán rather than actual . However, is the historically correct nominative form and arguably preferable to the historically incorrect yet common use of the dative form for the nominative.
On the other hand, in some cases the Caighdeán retained classical spellings even when none of the dialects had retained the corresponding pronunciation. For example, it has retained the Classical Irish spelling of "on, for, etc." and "at, by, of, etc.". The first is pronounced throughout the Goidelic-speaking world (and is written in Manx, and in Scottish Gaelic), and should be written either or in Irish. The second is pronounced in the South, and in the North and West. Again, Manx and Scottish Gaelic reflect this pronunciation much more clearly than Irish does (Manx , Scottish ).
In many cases, however, the Caighdeán can only refer to the Classical language, in that every dialect is different, as happens in the personal forms of "at, by, of, etc."
Another purpose was to create a grammatically regularised or "simplified" standard which would make the language more accessible for the majority English speaking school population. In part this is why the Caighdeán is not universally respected by native speakers, in that it makes simplified language an ideal, rather than the ideal that native speakers traditionally had of their dialects (or of the Classical dialect if they had knowledge of that). Of course, this was not the original aim of the developers, who rather saw the "school-version" Caighdeán as a means of easing second-language learners into the task of learning "full" Irish. The Caighdeán verb system is a prime example, with the reduction in irregular verb forms and personal forms of the verb – except for the first persons. However, once the word "standard" becomes used, the forms represented as "standard" take on a power of their own, and therefore the ultimate goal has become forgotten in many circles.
The Caighdeán, in general is used by non-native speakers, frequently from the capital, and is sometimes also called "Dublin Irish" or "Urban Irish". As it is taught in many Irish-Language schools (where Irish is the main, or sometimes only, medium of instruction), it is also sometimes called "Gaelscoil Irish". The so-called "Belfast Irish", spoken in that city's Gaeltacht Quarter is the Caighdeán heavily influenced by Ulster Irish and Belfast English.
The differences between dialects are considerable, and have led to recurrent difficulties in defining standard Irish. In recent decades contacts between speakers of different dialects have become more frequent and the differences between the dialects are less noticeable.
An Caighdeán Oifigiúil—Caighdeán Athbhreithnithe.
As of August 2012, the first major revision of the Caighdeán Oifigiúil is available, both online and in print. Among the changes to be found in the revised version are, for example, various attempts to bring the recommendations of the Caighdeán closer to the spoken dialect of Gaeltacht speakers, including allowing further use of the nominative case where the genitive would historically have been found.
Current status.
Republic of Ireland.
Irish is given recognition by the Constitution of Ireland as the national and first official language of the Republic of Ireland (with English being another official language). Although this is technically the case, in practice almost all government debates and business are conducted in English. In 1938, the founder of Conradh na Gaeilge (The Gaelic League), Douglas Hyde, was inaugurated as the first President of Ireland. The record of his delivering his inaugural "Declaration of Office" in Roscommon Irish remains almost the only surviving remnant of anyone speaking in that dialect.
From the foundation of the Irish Free State in 1922 (see also "History of the Republic of Ireland"), the Irish Government required a degree of proficiency in Irish for all those who became newly appointed to civil service positions (including postal workers, tax officials, agricultural inspectors, etc.). Proficiency in just one official language for entrance to the public service was introduced in 1974, in part through the actions of protest organisations like the Language Freedom Movement.
Though the First Official Language requirement was also dropped for wider public service jobs, Irish remains a required subject of study in all schools within the Republic which receive public money (see also "Education in the Republic of Ireland"). Those wishing to teach in primary schools in the State must also pass a compulsory examination called "Scrúdú Cáilíochta sa Ghaeilge". The need for a pass in Leaving Certificate Irish or English for entry to the Gardaí (police) was introduced in September 2005, although applicants are given lessons in the language during the two years of training. The most important official documents of the Irish Government must be published in both Irish and English or Irish alone (in accordance with the Official Languages Act 2003, enforced by "An Coimisinéir Teanga", the Irish language ombudsman).
The National University of Ireland requires all students wishing to embark on a degree course in the NUI federal system to pass the subject of Irish in the Leaving Certificate or GCE/GCSE Examinations. Exemptions are made from this requirement for students born outside of the Republic of Ireland, those who were born in the Republic but completed primary education outside it, and students diagnosed with dyslexia.
The National University of Ireland, Galway is required to appoint people who are competent in the Irish language, as long as they meet all other respects of the vacancy they are appointed to. This requirement is laid down by the University College Galway Act, 1929 (Section 3). It is expected that the requirement may be repealed in due course.
For a number of years there has been vigorous debate in political, academic and other circles about the failure of most students in the mainstream (English-medium) schools to achieve competence in the language, even after fourteen years. The concomitant decline in the number of traditional native speakers has also been a cause of great concern.
There is, however, a growing body of Irish speakers in the cities. Most of these are products of an independent education system in which Irish is the sole language of instruction. Such schools are known at the primary level as "Gaelscoileanna" and are supported by a number of secondary colleges. These Irish-medium schools send a much higher proportion of students on to tertiary level than do the mainstream schools, and it seems increasingly likely that, within a generation, habitual users of Irish will typically be members of an urban, middle-class and highly educated minority.
Parliamentary legislation is supposed to be available in both Irish and English but is frequently only available in English. This is notwithstanding that Article 25.4 of the Constitution of Ireland requires that an "official translation" of any law in one official language be provided immediately in the other official language—if not already passed in both official languages.
In 2007, filmmaker Manchán Magan found few speakers and some incredulity while speaking only Irish in Dublin. He was unable to accomplish some everyday tasks, as portrayed in his documentary No Béarla.
Gaeltacht.
There are parts of Ireland where Irish is still spoken daily to some extent as a traditional native language. These regions are known individually and collectively as the Gaeltacht, or in the plural as "Gaeltachtaí". While the Gaeltacht's fluent Irish speakers, whose numbers have been estimated at twenty or thirty thousand, are a minority of the total number of fluent Irish speakers, they represent a higher concentration of Irish speakers than other parts of the country and it is only in Gaeltacht areas that Irish continues to be a natural community vernacular for part of the general population.
According to data compiled by the Irish Department of Community, Rural and Gaeltacht Affairs, only one quarter of households in officially Gaeltacht areas are fluent in Irish. The author of a detailed analysis of the survey, Donncha Ó hÉallaithe of the Galway-Mayo Institute of Technology, described the Irish language policy followed by Irish governments as a "complete and absolute disaster". "The Irish Times", referring to his analysis published in the Irish-language newspaper "Foinse", quoted him as follows: "It is an absolute indictment of successive Irish Governments that at the foundation of the Irish State there were 250,000 fluent Irish speakers living in Irish-speaking or semi Irish-speaking areas, but the number now is between 20,000 and 30,000".
In the 1920s, when the Irish Free State was founded, Irish was still a vernacular in the following areas: south Connemara, from a point west of Spiddal, covering Inverin, Carraroe, Rosmuck, and the islands; the Aran Islands; northwest Donegal in the area around Gweedore, including Rannafast (Rann na Feirste, birthplace of notable writers and musicians); Gortahork, the surrounding townlands and Tory Island; the townland of Rathcarn, County Meath. To some extent this remains the case. The strongest Gaeltacht areas, numerically and socially, are those of South Connemara, the west of the Dingle Peninsula and northwest Donegal, in which some residents still use Irish as their primary language. These areas were referred to until recently as the ("true Gaeltacht").
There are Gaeltacht regions in:
Smaller ones also exist in counties Mayo ('), Meath ('), Waterford ('), and Cork (').
Gweedore (), County Donegal is the largest Gaeltacht parish in Ireland.
Irish summer colleges are attended by tens of thousands of Irish teenagers annually. Students live with Gaeltacht families, attend classes, participate in sports, go to "céilithe" and are obliged to speak Irish. All aspects of Irish culture and tradition are encouraged.
Northern Ireland.
Before the establishment of the Northern Ireland state in 1921, Irish was recognised as a school subject and as "Celtic" in some third level institutions. Between 1921 and 1972, Northern Ireland had devolved government. During those years the political party holding power in the Stormont Parliament, the Ulster Unionist Party (UUP), was hostile to the language. The context of this hostility was the political use of the language by Nationalists to assert the belief of an Independent Ireland. In broadcasting, there was an exclusion on the reporting of minority cultural issues, and Irish was excluded from radio and television for almost the first fifty years of the previous devolved government. The language received a degree of formal recognition in Northern Ireland from the United Kingdom, under the 1998 Good Friday Agreement, and then, in 2003, by the Government's ratification in respect of the language of the European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages. The British government promised to create legislation encouraging the language as part of the 2006 St Andrews Agreement.
European Union.
Irish became an official language of the EU on 1 January 2007 meaning that MEPs with Irish fluency can now speak the language in the EU Parliament in Europe and at committees although in the case of the latter they have to give prior notice to a simultaneous interpreter in order to ensure that what they say can be interpreted into other languages. While an official language of the European Union, only co-decision regulations must be available in Irish for the moment, due to a renewable five-year derogation on what has to be translated, requested by the Irish Government when negotiating the language's new official status. Any expansion in the range of documents to be translated will depend on the results of the first five-year review and on whether the Irish authorities decide to seek an extension. The Irish government has committed itself to train the necessary number of translators and interpreters and to bear the related costs.
Before Irish became an official language it was afforded the status of treaty language and only the highest-level documents of the EU had been made available in Irish.
Outside Ireland.
The Irish language was carried abroad in the modern period by a vast diaspora, chiefly to Britain and North America, but also to Australia, New Zealand and Argentina.
The first large movements began in the 17th century, largely as a result of the Cromwellian conquest, which saw many Irish sent to the West Indies. Irish emigration to America was well established by the 18th century, and was reinforced in the 1840s by thousands fleeing from the Famine. This flight also affected Britain. Up until that time most emigrants spoke Irish as their first language, though English was steadily establishing itself as the primary language. Irish speakers had first arrived in Australia in the late 18th century as convicts and soldiers, and many Irish-speaking settlers followed, particularly in the 1860s. New Zealand also received some of this influx. Argentina was the only non-English speaking country to receive large numbers of Irish emigrants, and there were few Irish speakers among them.
Relatively few of the emigrants were literate in Irish, but manuscripts in the language were brought to both Australia and America, and it was in America that the first newspaper to make significant use of Irish was established. In Australia, too, the language found its way into print. The Gaelic Revival, which started in Ireland in the 1890s, found a response abroad, with branches of the Gaelic League being established in all the countries to which Irish speakers had emigrated.
The decline of Irish in Ireland and a slowing of emigration helped to ensure a decline in the language abroad, along with natural attrition in the host countries. Despite this, a handful of enthusiasts continued to learn and cultivate Irish in diaspora countries and elsewhere, a trend which strengthened in the second half of the 20th century. Today the language is taught at tertiary level in North America, Australia and Europe, and Irish speakers outside Ireland contribute to journalism and literature in the language.
The Irish language is also one of the Official languages of the Celtic League (political organisation) which is a non-governmental organisation that promotes self-determination and Celtic identity and culture in Ireland, Scotland, Wales, Brittany, Cornwall and the Isle of Man, known as the Celtic nations. It places particular emphasis on the indigenous Celtic languages. It is recognised by the United Nations as a non-governmental organisation with "Roster Status" and is part of the UN's Economic and Social Council. The organisation has branches in all the Celtic Nations and in Patagonia, Argentina and New York City, USA and London, UK.
Use.
The following statistics were published in 2012:
Of the 1.77 million who indicated they could speak Irish, 77,185 said they speak it daily outside the education system. A further 110,642 said they spoke it weekly, while 613,236 said they spoke it less often. One in four said they never spoke Irish.
The numbers speaking Irish on a daily basis outside the education system showed an increase of 5,037 since 2006, from 72,148 to 77,185; the numbers of weekly speakers showed an increase of 7,781 persons, while those speaking Irish less often showed the largest increase of 27,139.
To place those figures in context, the same report provided statistics for other household languages in Ireland (excluding English).
References.
Caerwyn Williams, J.E. & Ní Mhuiríosa, Máirín (ed.). "Traidisiún Liteartha na nGael". An Clóchomhar Tta 1979.
McCabe, Richard A.. "Spenser's Monstrous Regiment: Elizabethan Ireland and the Poetics of Difference". Oxford University Press 2002. ISBN 0-19-818734-3.
De Brún, Pádraig. "Scriptural Instruction in the Vernacular: The Irish Society and Its Teachers 1818-1827". Dublin Institute for Advanced Studies 2009. ISBN 978-1-85500-212-8
Fitzgerald, Garrett, ‘Estimates for baronies of minimal level of Irish-speaking amongst successive decennial cohorts, 117-1781 to 1861-1871,’ Volume 84, "Proceedings of the Royal Irish Academy " 1984.
Hindley, Reg (1991, new ed.). "The Death of the Irish Language: A Qualified Obituary". Routledge. ISBN 978-0-4150-6481-1
McMahon, Timothy G.. "Grand Opportunity: The Gaelic Revival and Irish Society, 1893-1910". Syracuse University Press 2008. ISBN 978-0-8156-3158-3
Ó Gráda, Cormac. 'Cé Fada le Fán' in "Dublin Review of Books", Issue 34, May 6, 2013: 
http://www.drb.ie/essays/c%C3%A9-fada-le-f%C3%A1n.
Kelly, James & Mac Murchaidh, Ciarán (eds.). "Irish and English: Essays on the Linguistic and Cultural Frontier 1600-1900". Four Courts Press 2012. ISBN 978-1846823404
Ní Mhunghaile, Lesa. 'An eighteenth century Irish scribe's private library: Muiris Ó Gormáin's books' in "Proceedings of the Royal Irish Academy", Volume 110C, 2010, pp. 239–276.
Ní Mhuiríosa, Máirín. ‘Cumann na Scríbhneoirí: Memoir’ in "Scríobh 5", ed. Seán Ó Mórdha. Baile Átha Cliath: An Clóchomhar Tta 1981.
Ó hÓgáin, Dáithí. "Labhrann Laighnigh: Téacsanna agus Cainteanna ó Shean-Chúige Laighean". Coiscéim 2011.
Ó Laoire, Muiris. '‘Language Use and Language Attitudes in Ireland’ in "Multilingualism in European Bilingual Contexts : Language Use and Attitudes", ed. David Lasagabaster and Ángel Huguet. Multilingual Matters Ltd 2007. ISBN 1-85359-929-8
Williams, Nicholas. ‘Na Canúintí a Theacht chun Solais’ in "Stair na Gaeilge", ed. Kim McCone and others. Maigh Nuad 1994. ISBN 0-901519-90-1

</doc>
<doc id="19872437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872437" title="Ellen Dean">
Ellen Dean

Ellen Dean is a British writer (fiction and non-fiction), screenwriter, filmmaker. Owner of Cheeky Monkey Productions.
Early life and education.
Dean was born in County Durham, England, UK
Career.
Dean moved to North Yorkshire in 2008 and began writing. Before penning her first novel, Dean wrote features for national magazines and regional newspapers. 
Dean hosted a show on Durham Dales Radio for five years.
Dean is writing the sequel to her best selling novel "Beautiful Strangers" entitled "Beyond Midnight" to be published by Colbere Publishing. She has several non-fiction books published including How To Live Your Dreams - One Step At A Time co-written with Olivia Tarn. The Penny Farthing Mysteries are in pre-production.
Previously Dean was the UK writer for the American celebrity and entertainment website Shewired.com.
Personal.
In 2013, Dean became an Ambassador for the Orangutan Protection Foundation. She is an active fundraiser for this endangered species. Dean is Patron of Albert Kennedy Trust/Outpost in Newcastle upon Tyne, North East England.
Works.
Fiction
Non-fiction
Screenplays

</doc>
<doc id="19872442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872442" title="User model">
User model

User model may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19872448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872448" title="Louise Camrass">
Louise Camrass

Louise Camrass (born 1969 in London) is a film maker and artist. She received her Masters in Fine Art at the Royal College of Art (1999) and BA (Hons) in Painting at Central St Martins School of Art (1994). She also received a Rome Scholarship in 2002. She has worked in various formats, predominantly on film and videos but also still life paintings, portraits and photographs. 
Her background stems from fine art painting but gravitated towards the moving images and sound because of its capacity to encompass narrative, abstraction, colour and movement for emotive effect through three-dimensional space but resulting like painting in a two-dimensional object. While still a painter she became interested in scale, sound, dialogue and moving pictures and in the absolute attention required by the viewer in a cinema environment, in its ability to provoke strong emotional responses from an audience. She continues to paint, and deconstructs film ideas for installation purposes. The content of her work evolves from the life experiences of herself and her friends, the imagination, abstract thoughts, observations, and a desire to play with the language of film and art. 
She lives in London, England.
Excerpt.
Her short film "Cows" ("a new viewpoint on a familiar animal") was a winner of the Channel 4 FourDocs best four-minute documentary competition and was screened by Channel 4 on television as a 3 Minute Wonder.
""Cows breathe heavily in a field, sun drowns a courtyard, an open car drives into the city, facetious young girls joke about older men, a young woman meets her father on her birthday; in the series of short films by Louise Camrass. They are awkward and yet funny. Camrass manages in even more short time to convey the filmic equivalent of a short story."" -- Notes from conversations on the artists' work held at different times between Keith Tyson, Sacha Craddock and Simon Morrisey and between Susan Hiller, Sacha Craddock and Des Lawrence - from newcontemporaries 2008
In 2006, Louise completed a residency and showed at the Capellades Paper Museum in Spain: 
Other recent notable mentions include:

</doc>
<doc id="19872461" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872461" title="Gordon Shi-Wen Chin">
Gordon Shi-Wen Chin

Gordon Shi-Wen Chin, 金希文, a Taiwanese composer and conductor, is a member of the faculty of National Taiwan Normal University. He earned his doctoral degree at the Eastman School of Music under Christopher Rouse and Samuel Adler. As Taiwan's most prolific composer, his works have been performed by the Seattle Symphony Orchestra, San Diego Symphony Orchestra, and Vancouver Symphony Orchestra, as well as by ensembles in Tokyo (Euodia Orchestra), France (Ensemble 2e2m), the International Sejong Soloists (USA), and many others. The Los Angeles Times has called him a "confident master of the Western modernistic large orchestral idiom used for dramatic rather than abstract purposes." Chin is now the music director of the Yinqi Chorus & Orchestra.

</doc>
<doc id="19872466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872466" title="Saint-Urbain, Quebec">
Saint-Urbain, Quebec

Saint-Urbain is a parish municipality in Quebec, Canada, located in the Capitale-Nationale region.
The municipality lies along Quebec Route 381 at the intersection with Quebec Route 138.
History.
Saint-Urbain was one of the localities affected by the 1925 Charlevoix-Kamouraska earthquake.
Demographics.
Population trend:
Private dwellings occupied by usual residents: 603 (total dwellings: 672)
Mother tongue:
Media.
Television :
References.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19872479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872479" title="Faecalibacterium prausnitzii">
Faecalibacterium prausnitzii

Faecalibacterium prausnitzii is a commensal bacterium of the human gut flora.
Recent medical research has suggested that low levels of "F. prausnitzii" may be associated with Crohn's Disease.

</doc>
<doc id="19872483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872483" title="Hamsterley Hall">
Hamsterley Hall

Hamsterley Hall is an 18th-century English country house at Hamsterley, Rowlands Gill, County Durham, England. It is a Grade II* listed building.
The estate at Hamsterley was given, in 1762, by Sir John Swinburne Bt to his younger brother Henry Swinburne. In 1769, Henry carried out substantial alterations to the then existing house to create the present two-story, four-bayed castellated Gothic Revival-style mansion.
Swinburne died in 1803 and in 1806 the property was sold to Anthony Surtees. His son Robert Smith Surtees, a novelist, acquired the estate in 1838. He was High Sheriff of Durham in 1856. He died in 1864, leaving his estate to his daughter Eleanor, who married John Gage Prendergast Vereker, 5th Viscount Gort in 1885. Their first son John Vereker, 6th Viscount Gort VC was succeeded in 1946 by his brother Standish Vereker, 7th Viscount MC who lived at Hamsterley until his death in 1975.

</doc>
<doc id="19872488" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872488" title="Wallal">
Wallal

Wallal is the location of a bore in the Kimberley region of Western Australia.
The bore is located from the Great Northern Highway between Port Hedland and Broome and has an elevation of . The nearest town is Marble Bar which is situated South of the bore.
The bore falls within the boundaries of Wallal Downs Station, a historical pastoral lease, that operates in the area. The station also has a caravan park situated in close proximity to the bore and Eighty Mile Beach. An airstrip suitable for light planes is also located nearby. 
The station is the most southerly cattle station in the Kimberley, although it is arguable whether the station is located in the Pilbara. With a size of approximately Wallal Downs the property stretches from the coastal flats into the Great Sandy Desert. Cattle reared in the area are mostly sent to market in Port Hedland or Broome and occasionally are sent to Darwin after being fattened up in the Northern Territory in lean seasons.

</doc>
<doc id="19872496" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872496" title="Alfred Putnam">
Alfred Putnam

Alfred Putnam (September 8, 1836 – October 12, 1904) was a ship builder and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Hants in the Canadian House of Commons from 1887 to 1896 as a Conservative member.
He was born in Noel, Hants County, Nova Scotia, of Scottish descent. He married Maggie Fleming in 1866. Putnam was president of the Hants County Marine Insurance Company. He ran unsuccessfully for reelection to the House of Commons in 1896 and 1900.

</doc>
<doc id="19872512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872512" title="Scrap Metal (band)">
Scrap Metal (band)

Scrap Metal were a band from Broome, Western Australia who played rock music with elements of country and reggae. The members had Aboriginal, Irish, Filipino, French, Chinese, Scottish, Indonesian and Japanese heritage. The band toured nationally as part of the Bran Nue Dae musical and with Midnight Oil, and were the first Aboriginal band to sign an international publishing deal. An ABC TV documentary "From Broome to the Big Smoke" was made about them. Scrap Metal won the 'Best Indigenous Act' award at the 1992 West Australian Music Industry Awards.
After Scrap Metal Alan, Stephen and Phillip Pigram joined up with their brothers David, Colin, Gavin and Peter to create The Pigram Brothers.
In 2006 Stephen and Alan Pigram were inducted into the Western Australian Music Hall of Fame.

</doc>
<doc id="19872534" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872534" title="Jason Hitz">
Jason Hitz

Jason Henry Hitz (born February 20, 1980) was a Zimbabwean cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler who played for Matabeleland. He was born in Bulawayo.
Hitz made three appearances during the Logan Cup competition of 1999/2000, debuting against Manicaland. Batting as a tailender, 24 of Hitz's 28 career runs came in the same innings, against Mashonaland.
Hitz took four wickets in 27 overs of bowling.

</doc>
<doc id="19872536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872536" title="Stuart Walker (cricketer)">
Stuart Walker (cricketer)

Stuart Walker (born November 25, 1976) was a Zimbabwean cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm off-break bowler and wicket-keeper who played for Matabeleland. He was born in Bulawayo.
Walker's first cricketing appearances came for Queens Sports Club in the Dunlop National League in 1998 and 2000.
Walker represented Matabeleland on three occasions in the 2001-02 Logan Cup, as an opening batsman. His highest total with the bat came in his second match, in which he scored 75 runs in partnership with Wisdom Siziba.

</doc>
<doc id="19872537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872537" title="Darren Weber">
Darren Weber

Darren Douglas Weber (born February 5, 1972) was a Zimbabwean cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm off-break bowler who played for Matabeleland. He was born in Bulawayo.
Weber made two first-class appearances for the team, during the Logan Cup competition of 1994-95. Batting in the tailend, he was mostly ineffective, making a top score of just 5 in four innings.

</doc>
<doc id="19872538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872538" title="Brian Clark (cricketer)">
Brian Clark (cricketer)

Brian Clark (born September 3, 1964) was a Zimbabwean cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a leg-break bowler who played for Matabeleland. He was born in Bulawayo.
Clark made three appearances in the Logan Cup competition of 1993-94, scoring a half century in his debut innings. His second first-class match was slightly more successful still, as he scored a career-best 56 runs in an innings victory, in which he partnered four-time Test cricketer Wayne James to James' highest first-class score of 215 runs.
Clarke was an upper-middle order batsman and an occasional bowler, though he failed to secure a single wicket in 18 overs of bowling.

</doc>
<doc id="19872539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872539" title="Graham Edwards (Zimbabwean cricketer)">
Graham Edwards (Zimbabwean cricketer)

Graham Edwards (born 19 September 1970) is a former Zimbabwean cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and right-arm medium-pace bowler who played for Matabeleland. He was born in Bulawayo.
Edwards made a single first-class appearance for the team, during the 1994/95 Logan Cup competition, against Mashonaland Under-25s. Batting in the lower order, Edwards scored 20 runs in the first innings and 32 in the second innings of the match, 32 being the highest individual score of the second innings.

</doc>
<doc id="19872545" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872545" title="Vac-u-form">
Vac-u-form

The Vac-u-form, also called Vac-u-former, was a toy made by Mattel in the 1960s. Based on the industrial process of vacuum forming, a rectangular piece of plastic was clamped in a holder and heated over a metal plate. When the plastic was soft, the holder was swung to the other side, over a mold of the object to be formed. Then pressing a handle on the side of the unit created a vacuum, sucking the plastic down over the mold and shaping it to it. When the plastic cooled it solidified, making an impression of the item.
Various molds came with the kit, but almost any small object could be used as a mold.
Because very hot surfaces were easily accessible to a child (or adult) playing with the toy, it probably could not be sold today due to safety restrictions.

</doc>
<doc id="19872549" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872549" title="Plowman's Railroad">
Plowman's Railroad

Plowman's Railroad operates the collection of gauge American outline steam and diesel locomotives from the former Dobwalls Adventure Park and is located at Plowmans Garden Nursery & Plant Centre Ltd, West Parley, Ferndown, Dorset. The rolling stock has since been sold and shipped to Australia and the railway is now run by the West Parley Miniature Engineering Society.
Locomotives & Rolling Stock.
The locomotives from the Dobwall's Collection are as follows:
Live Steamer
Diesel
Other Rolling Stock 
There is a set of 'sit-astride' coaches, built to a high standard these are also part of the original Dobwall's collection.
Railroad Tracks.
Phase One of this railroad was a simple loop with a siding running to/ from the passenger station and storage tracks, trains start at the main station, run round the loop twice and then reverse back into the main station. There is approximately of track including 2 storage tracks.
See also.
Ridable miniature railway
Dobwalls Adventure Park

</doc>
<doc id="19872554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872554" title="Institutionalized Vol. 2">
Institutionalized Vol. 2

Institutionalized Volume 2 is Ras Kass's fourth studio album, commercially released by Babygrande Records, but technically/officially his seventh record since his first LP.
Samples.
John Is Real
B.I.B.L.E.
Ups & Downs

</doc>
<doc id="19872558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872558" title="Language primitive">
Language primitive

In computing, language primitives are the simplest elements available in a programming language. A primitive is the smallest 'unit of processing' available to a programmer of a particular machine, or can be an atomic element of an expression in a language.
Primitives are units with a meaning, i.e. a semantic value in the language. Thus they're different from tokens in a parser, which are the minimal elements of syntax.
Machine level primitives.
A machine instruction, usually generated by an assembler program, is often considered the smallest unit of processing although this is not always the case. It typically performs what is perceived to be one single operation such as copying a byte or string of bytes from one memory location to another or adding one processor register to another.
Micro code primitives.
Many of today's computers, however, actually embody an even lower unit of processing known as microcode which interprets the "machine code" and it is then that the microcode instructions would be the "genuine" primitives. These instructions would typically be available for modification only by the hardware vendors programmers.
High level language primitives.
A high-level programming language ("HLL") program is composed of discrete statements and primitive data types that may also be "perceived" to perform a single operation or represent a single data item, but at a more abstract level than those provided by the machine. Copying a data item from one location to another may actually involve many machine instructions that, for instance, 
before finally
Some HLL statements, particularly those involving loops, can generate thousands or even millions of primitives in a low level language - which comprise the genuine instruction path length the processor has to execute at the lowest level. This perception has been referred to as the "Abstraction penalty" 
Interpreted language primitives.
An interpreted language statement has similarities to the HLL primitives but with a further added 'layer'. Before the statement can be executed in a manner very similar to a HLL statement, first, it has to be processed by an interpreter, a process that may involve many primitives in the target machine language.
Fourth and Fifth-generation programming language primitives.
4gls and 5gls do not have a simple one-to-many correspondence from high-to-low level primitives. There are some elements of interpreted language primitives embodied in 4gl and 5gl specifications but the approach to the original problem is less a procedural language construct and are more oriented toward problem solving and systems engineering.

</doc>
<doc id="19872573" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872573" title="First Australians">
First Australians

First Australians is an Australian historical documentary series produced by Blackfella Films over the course of six years, and first aired in October 2008. The documentary is part of a greater project that further consists of a hard-cover book, a community outreach program and a substantial website featuring over 200 mini-documentaries.
The series chronicles the history of contemporary Australia, from the perspective of its first people, or Aborigines. The series is essentially a synthesis of well documented historical information. It relies heavily on archival documents and interpretations from historians and members of both the Indigenous and European community and leaders. The story begins in 1788 in Sydney, with the arrival of the First Fleet and ends in 1993 with Koiki Mabo's legal challenge to the foundation of Australia.
The series comprises seven episodes in which it explores what unfolded when the oldest living culture in the world was confronted by the British Empire. It explores the lives of particular individuals and uses their stories as a vehicle to explain the larger situations of the time. It explains violent aspects of European settlement of Australia, such as killings, battles, wars, as well as acts of friendship and decency between the early European settlers and Indigenous Australians. Indigenous Australian history has until recently been clouded by the "great Australian silence" where ignorance of the real history of Australia can be seen as a way for non-Indigenous to hide shame for their own history. In this respect it has been controversial in that many of these stories have not been portrayed on Australian television before and the Indigenous Australian perspective of European settlement is confrontational for many.
Episodes.
The series was first transmitted in Australia from 12 October to 2 November 2008. A total of seven episodes were filmed, no further episodes have been announced.
Production.
The series was made by Film Australia and the Film Finance Corporation in conjunction with SBS Independent and the New South Wales Film and Television Office. It was written, produced and directed by Rachel Perkins, daughter of outspoken Aboriginal activist Charles Perkins.
Community consultation.
A significant part of the production of the series involved consultation with the descendents of the individuals portrayed in the documentary. According to the First Australians Documentary website, this involved; checking the content of scripts, usually face to face, seeking permission to film in particular locations, showing the rough cut of the film for comment and showing the film at fine cut. The series was made in accordance with Indigenous Cultural and Intellectual Property (ICIP) rights, to ensure the cultural content and the rights of Indigenous people.

</doc>
<doc id="19872587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872587" title="K. Raghavan">
K. Raghavan

K. Raghavan () (2 December 1913 – 19 October 2013), popularly known as Raghavan Master, was a Malayalam music composer. Along with G. Devarajan, V. Dakshinamoorthy and Baburaj, Raghavan was often credited for the renaissance of Malayalam film music. He was the pioneer in contributing Malyalam film songs with its own tunes ans tyles. Till then, Malyalam film songs were in the tunes of popular Hindi and Tamil film songs and old classical kritis. K. Raghavan gave a new direction and identity to Malayalam film music. As he searched for the right tune for the lyrics, little did K. Raghavan realise that he was about to compose history. He had composed around 400 songs in Malayalam Cinema and was active in Malayalam film industry for nearly four decades.
Personal life.
Raghavan was born to folk singer M Krishnan and Narayani in Thalassery on December 2, 1913. He died at the age of 99 on 19 October 2013 in Thalassery.
Early life.
Raghavan was born in Thalassery, Kannur in the Indian state of Kerala to M. Krishnan and Narayani in 1913. He started studying classical music from his childhood and was also a good football player. His professional career was started as a Tambura player in All India Radio, Chennai. In 1950 he got transferred to Kozhikode and there he got involved with film artists.
Career.
Raghavan set a new trend in Malayalam film music with the release of the 1954 movie "Neelakuyil". Renowned lyricist and Raghavan's 
friend P. Bhaskaran had penned the songs in Neelakkuyil. Raghavan himself has rendered his voice for one of the songs in "Neelakkuyil". The song
"Kayalarikathu valayerinjappol" went on to become an instant hit.
Music career.
In a career spanning over four decades, he has scored music for more than sixty Malayalam films and many of his compositions remain ever green classics in Malayalam. Raghavan infused the folk element into Malayalam film music and his rustic melodies replaced the then prevailing trend of imitations of popular Hindi tunes of the day.He also composed songs for plays like Kerala People's Arts Club and All India Radio. And he dared try out a variety of voices to Malayalam film music, many of them were new. Mehboob, K. P. Brahmanandan, Balamuralikrishna, M. L. Vasanthakumari, A. P. Komala, Gayathri Srikrishnan, Santha P. Nair, A. M. Rajah, K. P. Udayabhanu, M.G. Radhakrishnan, P. B. Sreenivas, Vani Jayaram, Jikki, V. T. Murali, and G. Venugopal... they have all sung for him.
Immortal songs.
Some of the unforgettable songs composed by K. Raghavan:
Awards.
Civilian Awards by Govt. of India
Kerala State Film Awards
Other Awards

</doc>
<doc id="19872591" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872591" title="Vasavadatta">
Vasavadatta

Vasavadatta (, ) is a Gupta period romantic "akhyayika" (tale) written in an ornate style of language that was in fashion at the height of Classical Sanskrit literature.
Its author is Subandhu, a courtier of Kumaragupta I (414-455) and his son Skandagupta (455-467).
The work's style has been described as "developed, elaborate, ornate and pedantic" and has influenced later prose writers.
The "Kanchanadarpana" of Sivarama Tripathin (18th century) and the "Tattvadipini" of Jagaddhara are two significant works that have critiqued and commented on the "Vasavadatta."
Plot outline.
The outline of the plot of this work is as follows:
Kandarpaketu, son of king Chintamani, is a handsome and charming prince. In his dreams, he once has a vision of a lovely maiden whose sheer beauty bewitches him. He resolves to set out in search of this beauty. His friend Makaranda remonstrates with him, saying that setting out into the wilderness with no idea of one's goal is foolishness. Kandarpaketu tells him of his conviction that this girl has been his companion of many lifetimes and that they are certainly destined to be united in this lifetime and every future lifetime too. Let them set out, and fate will surely direct their steps in the right direction.
Rather than let his friend depart alone, Makaranda accompanies him in his quest, and they leave the capital in search of this unknown beauty. Soon enough, they meet with success. The two friends lie down to rest in the shade of a tree on the banks of the Narmada river. Here, the prince overhears a conversation between a pair of love-birds perched on the tree above them. The male bird is extolling the charms and virtues of Vasavadatta, daughter of king Shringarashekhara of Kusumapura. The bird reveals further that this princess had, in her dreams, had a vision of a charming prince who had smitten her heart. The princess had vividly described the young man to her companion and confidante, Tamalika, and had despaired of ever meeting with him in real life, for her destiny seemed to take her another way. The bird had overheard the description of the prince and, being a love-bird, had resolved to fly out over the country, locate the young man, and bring him to the princess.
To cut the story short, the bird leads Kandarpaketu to Tamalika and the group proceeds to Kusumapura where Tamalika arranges for Kandarpaketu to meet Vasavadatta. They meet and duly recognize each other from their respective dreams in a lyrical passage. However, Kandarpaketu learns to his horror that Vasavadatta's father, king Shringarshekhara, has arranged for her to wed Pushpaketu, son of Vijayaketu, chief of the Vidyadharas, the very next morning. Kandarpaketu and Vasavadatta flee to the Vindhya mountains forthwith, mounted upon a magic steed, leaving Makaranda behind at Kusumapura.
After reaching safety in the Vindhya mountains, the exhausted lovers fell asleep. When Kandarpaketu wakes up, he finds Vasavadatta missing. He searches for her in vain and then, mad with grief, decides to end his life. When he is on the verge of committing suicide by drowning, a voice from the sky rings out and promises him that he will be re-united with Vasavadatta. Kandarpaketu wanders for several months in the forest, distraught and lovelorn. He finally chances upon a stone image of Vasavadatta. He touches the image, and miraculously, the stone turns into a living and breathing Vasavadatta.
After regaining life, Vasavadatta narrates to Kandarpaketu the series of events that befell her after they both fell asleep in the forests of the Vindhya mountains. She awoke hungry and went in search of wild fruits to eat. She was then caught between two groups of soldiers, each led by a chieftain who fell in love with her at first sight and wished to possess her. While they were fighting with each other, she managed to escape. During her flight through the forest, she unintentionally trespassed into the hermitage of an ascetic and disturbed his penances. Again, Vasavadatta's beauty is the culprit; her mere presence has disturbed years of penance. The hermit curses Vasavadatta that her beauty be turned to stone, and that she return to vibrant life only upon receiving the touch of the man who is destined from previous births to be her husband; this husband of many births would control and absorb her siren-like vibes and thus allay the disasters that a loose, beautiful woman visits upon everything that she comes in contact with. By the curse of the hermit, Vasavadatta was petrified into stone.
The fact that Vasavadatta returned to life upon being touched by Kandarpaketu confirms that he has been her husband in former lifetimes and is destined to be her husband in this and future lifetimes as well. Her father, King Sringarasekhara, recognizes this and gives her hand in marriage to Kandarpaketu. The couple proceed to Kandarpaketu's paternal kingdom and live there happily ever after.

</doc>
<doc id="19872605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872605" title="Niklas Storbacka">
Niklas Storbacka

Niklas Storbacka (born 20 February 1977) is a Finnish footballer, who currently represents FF Jaro of Veikkausliiga, the Finnish premier division of football.

</doc>
<doc id="19872611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872611" title="Nur, Poland">
Nur, Poland

Nur is a village in Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Nur. It lies approximately south-east of Ostrów Mazowiecka and north-east of Warsaw.
In 2006 the village had a population of 760.
Nur has a long and rich history. In the Kingdom of Poland, it was one of main administrative centers of the province of Mazovia, and the seat of a separate administrative district (ziemia). In the early Middle Ages, Nur was a trade center, with a Roman Catholic parish established here probably in the 12th century. 
Nur received its town charter either in 1410, or 1425. A local vogt was established, with town council. Until 1526, Nur was part of the Duchy of Mazovia, which was a Polish vassal. After annexation of Mazovia into Poland, and creation of Masovian Voivodeship, the Land of Nur consisted of three counties: Kamieniec Mazowiecki, Ostrow Mazowiecka, and Nur, which also was the seat of a starosta, Sejmik, and land court for the three counties. 
The Land of Nur had been established in 1377, during a meeting of Mazovian dukes in Sochaczew. Its total area was 3,500 sq. km.: Kamieniec Castellany, later renamed into Kamieniec County, had the area of 2,000 sq. km., Nur County 1,000 sq. km., and Ostrow County 500 sq. km. Boundaries of the Land of Nur remained unchanged for over 400 years, until the Partitions of Poland.
In the 16th century, during the Polish Golden Age, Nur prospered. The town had 263 houses, a number of craftsmen and merchants, a brewery, a folwark, eight watermills and four fairs a year. Due to its convenient location along the Bug river waterway, Nur was an important trade center, with goods sent along the Bug and the Vistula to the Baltic Sea port of Gdansk. 
In December 1640, King Wladyslaw IV Waza announced that the sejmiks be moved from Nur to Ostrow Mazowiecka, but in 1647, the Sejm in Warsaw decided to move them back to Nur. In 1648, during the Khmelnytsky Uprising, the Land of Nur equipped 100 cavalrymen, sending them south to fight the enemy. 
Swedish invasion of Poland (1655 - 1660) was a disaster to the town. It was completely destroyed, and has never regained its prominence. The parish church was not rebuilt until 1693, and by 1777, the number of houses was only 63. The last starosta of Nur, Karol Wodzynski, participated in Kosciuszko Uprising (1794).
Since 1815, Nur belonged to Russian-controlled Congress Poland. In 1827, its population was 514, with 75 houses. The town continued its decline: in 1853, the church was dismantled, and replaced with a wooden chapel. By 1860, the population grew to 813, including 299 Jews. In 1869, following January Uprising, Nur lost its town charter. 

</doc>
<doc id="19872615" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872615" title="Felix Airways">
Felix Airways

Felix Airways is an airline based in Sana'a, Yemen as a low cost airline.
Destinations.
Felix Airways serves the following destinations:
Fleet.
The Felix Airways fleet includes the following aircraft :

</doc>
<doc id="19872617" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872617" title="Liang Boqiang">
Liang Boqiang

Liang Boqiang 梁伯强 (1899–1968, Meixian, Guangdong, China) Medicine educationalist, and pathologist, member of Chinese Academy of Sciences, pioneer pathologist in China.

</doc>
<doc id="19872624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872624" title="Charles Edward Cawley">
Charles Edward Cawley

Charles Edward Cawley (1812 – 9 April 1877) was a British civil engineer and Conservative Party politician.
He was the only son of Samuel Cawley of Goodden House, Middleton, Lancashire and his wife Mary Jones of Packington, Warwickshire. He became involved in Conservative politics and was for many years was an alderman on Salford Borough Council. In 1842 he married Harriet Motley.
Under the Representation of the People Act 1867 the parliamentary borough of Salford was given a second member of parliament, and Cawley was elected at the 1868 general election by a small majority. He comfortably retained his seat at the 1874 general election.
Charles Cawley died at his residence in Higher Broughton, near Manchester, in April 1877 aged 64.

</doc>
<doc id="19872629" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872629" title="Roman jokes">
Roman jokes

Ancient Roman jokes are usually recorded by ancient writers to be used as a rhetorical device, and many of them are apparently taken from real-life trials conducted by famous advocates, such as Cicero.
One of the oldest Roman jokes, which is based on a fictitious story and survived alive to this time, is told by Macrobius in his Saturnalia: (4th century AD, but the joke itself is probably several centuries older):
(The modern version is that an aristocrat, having met his exact double, asks: "Was your mother a housemaid in our palace?" "No, my father was a gardener there").
An example of a joke based on double meaning is recorded in Gellius (2nd century AD):
(the pun is in the expression used for "in all your honesty" - orig. "ex animi tui sententia", typically used in oaths - which can also be understood as "to your liking").
Some of the jokes are about fortune-tellers and the like, and are probably of Greek origin. An example (1st century BCE):

</doc>
<doc id="19872648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872648" title="Shane Cloete">
Shane Cloete

Shane Cloete (born May 21, 1971) was a Zimbabwean cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and wicket-keeper. He was born in Salisbury (now Harare).
Cloete made two first-class appearances, the first for Mashonaland in 1994-95, in which he scored six runs and ran one batsman out. His second match, in the following season's competition, for Young Mashonaland, saw him score an impressive 34 in the first innings and 41 in the second, though he was unable to secure another first-class appearance.
Cloete was a lower-middle order batsman.

</doc>
<doc id="19872655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872655" title="Aishiteiru to Ittekure">
Aishiteiru to Ittekure

Five months before the album came out, she topped on the Oricon singles chart with a song "The Parting Song (Wakareuta)", which was released as her fifth single in September 1977. The album features her commercial breakthrough single and another well-known song, "World's Context (Sejou)". The latter was later featured in the second series of TV drama "Kimpachi Sensei" aired on TBS in 1980, and became known widely as one of her signature songs.
"Aishiteiru to Ittekure" has been her longest charting album on the Oricon, because the album re-entered the chart when "World's Context" was featured on TV program in the early 1980s.
Track listing.
All songs written and composed by Miyuki Nakajima, unless otherwise noted
Side one.
All tracks arranged by Kinji Yoshino (except "The Parting Song" co-arranged by Shun Fukui)
Side two.
All tracks arranged by Kinji Yoshino (except "World's Context" co-arranged by Shun Fukui, "Milk 32" and "Omae no Ie" arranged by Miyuki Nakajima)

</doc>
<doc id="19872662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872662" title="Sandown Bay Academy">
Sandown Bay Academy

Sandown Bay Academy, formerly Sandown High School, is an academy status secondary school, including sixth form, located in Sandown on the Isle of Wight, England.
History.
The main school was established in 1970 when the former Sandown Grammar and Fairway Secondary Modern schools merged to form Sandown High School. In 2005, it gained status as a sports college.
As part of the reorganisation of the education system on the Isle of Wight, Academies Enterprise Trust was successful in their bid against Innovative Schools and East Wight Educational Trust to take over the school. Sandown Bay Academy was formed on the main school site and the site of former Sandham Middle School, now North School, in 2011, with the age range extended to Year 7 to Year 14. It is now one of five secondary education providers on the Isle of Wight.
The 2012 pass rates for the school were 40% 5+ A*-C including English and Maths for GCSE and 92% pass rate with 67% A* to C for A Level. 

</doc>
<doc id="19872665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872665" title="Tang Zhengzai">
Tang Zhengzai

Tang Zhengzai (唐正才, 1816–1863, born in Xian de Qiyang Hunan) was an eminent navy leader during the Taiping Rebellion, known during his tenure as the King of Sail (杭王). He led the Taiping fleet in many battles, nearly destroying the Xiang Army. He trained other naval officers, including Li Ronfar and Li Xiucheng. Tang was killed in action in 1863.
Tang Zhengzai employed wooden bridges similar in design to the Bailey bridge later developed by Donald Bailey.
Battles.
In the a battle near occupied Nanjing on March 10, 1853, Tang commanded the first offensive, successfully cutting off every river pass that could reinforce Nanjing. In 1854, at Lake Dongting, Tang's fleet surrounded the Xiang Army's fleet and destroyed much of it. Tang's fleet later transported 30,000 of Shi Dakai's troops along the Yangtze River in a swift surprise attack.
In 1857, Tang's fleet moved to Wuhu, between Wuhan and Nanjing; it remained there to defend the location until 1861, when a Xiang counterattack forced Tang to retreat to Nanjing.
In 1863, he was killed in action – shot by the Huai Army in Wuxi.

</doc>
<doc id="19872666" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872666" title="Jean François Cornu de La Poype">
Jean François Cornu de La Poype

Jean François Cornu de La Poype (May 31, 1758 – January 27, 1851) was a French military leader. He was born in Lyon, to a noble, military family.
French Revolutionary Wars.
Under the ancien regime he joined the army at a young age and received the rank of brigadier before the French Revolution in 1789. He was named a major general on May 15, 1793. A Revolutionary partisan, he married the daughter of famous convention member Louis-Marie Stanislas Fréron. He distinguished himself at Siege of Toulon. He contributed strongly to the retaking of the fortified town; he then directed the attack on Fort Pharon, then is charged by Committee of public safety to contain Marseilles and the South of France under the regime of the Terror. Lapoype was not associated with the thermidor reaction, in which his brother-in-law was one of agitators. He remained without employment under the Directory and served in Italy after 18 brumaire.
Consulate and Napoleonic wars.
Sent to Santo Domingo in 1802, he deployed as much capacity there as of courage, made a treaty with Jean-Jacques Dessalines and embarked for France in 1803, and was captured en route by the English, who imprisoned him at Portsmouth. He was exchanged with another prisoner for British prisoners held by the French, and was unemployed until 1813. He was then named to command Wittenberg on the Elbe which Napoleon refortifies. La Poype is distinguished in the conflict there in 1814 when it was stormed by the Prussian Army under General Bogislav Friedrich Emanuel von Tauentzien. La Poype fought with an elite unit, against forces ten times bigger and against a rebellion of the inhabitants. He took measures to escape the city rather than to yield. He left Wittenberg with weapons in hand, i.e. did not have to give them up after the suspension of hostilities. He was awarded the order of Saint-Louis and the command of Agen.
Hundred Days.
In 1815, Napoleon named him commander of Lille. He forced the city to recognise the imperial revival, in spite of the exasperation of its inhabitants, who were strongly in favour of Bourbons. To respond to the threat of insurrection, he placed two cannons charged with grapeshot at the door of the house where he was staying,; but it was the general headquarters he wanted to protect, and not his own person; and to prove it, one saw him walking without escort and hands behind his back on the streets of Lille.
Restoration.
At the Bourbon Restoration, he was put into retirement. Named member of Chambre des deputes in 1822, he voted consistently with the extreme left. In 1824, he was imprisoned for several months for a political booklet. He died at Brosses.

</doc>
<doc id="19872668" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872668" title="Joseph Mendelssohn">
Joseph Mendelssohn

Joseph Mendelssohn (August 11, 1770 – November 24, 1848) was a German Jewish banker.
He was the oldest son of the influential philosopher Moses Mendelssohn. In 1795, he founded his own banking house. In 1804, his younger brother Abraham Mendelssohn Bartholdy, the father of the composer Felix Mendelssohn, joined the company. The bank Mendelssohn & Co. continued under the control of the Mendelssohn family and would rise to prominence during the 19th century, becoming one of the most important and influential German banks during the early 20th century. Although the Mendelssohns had largely given up their Jewish religion by 1900, the bank was shut down by the Nazis in 1938 under the policy of Aryanization.
Joseph's descendants include the neurologist Alexander Carl Otto Westphal, (1863–1941).

</doc>
<doc id="19872669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872669" title="Exeter City LFC">
Exeter City LFC

Exeter City Ladies Football Club is an English women's football club, based in Exeter, that plays in the South West Combination League, the fourth level of the Women's pyramid.
History.
Elmore Eagles L.F.C..
The team was originally formed around 1997 when they were named Elmore Eagles L.F.C..
Exeter City Ladies Football Club.
In 2001, the Elmore Eagles joined forces with Exeter City and the Exeter City Ladies Football Club was formed.
Exeter City Centre Of Excellence (COE) Ladies.
In 2006, the club controversially changed their name to Cullompton Rangers L.F.C.. Many were keen to keep the 'Exeter City Ladies' name, and in the summer of 2006, Exeter City COE Ladies was formed, entering the Devon Women's Division 2.
The team won all but 1 game in the league that season and were promoted. The team also won the League Cup. However, they were stripped of the honour after investigations were made at the beginning of the 2007/2008 and it was proven that 'illegally' signed players had played in the cup games.

</doc>
<doc id="19872679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872679" title="List of Pan Pacific Championships records in swimming">
List of Pan Pacific Championships records in swimming

The fastest swims recorded at the Pan Pacific Swimming Championships are listed by the championships organisers in a list of records. The events are held in a long course (50 m) pool, with the last championships held in Irvine, California, United States in August 2010.
All records were set in finals unless noted otherwise.

</doc>
<doc id="19872687" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872687" title="Ferro Liquid Display">
Ferro Liquid Display

"Most of the content is verified to be copyright-violation-free. Please edit the article to remove any copyright violation instead of deleting the article."
Ferro Liquid Display, or Ferro-electric Liquid Display (FLD) or Ferro Fluid Display (FFD), is a display technology based on the ferroelectric properties of certain liquids. Not all such fluids are crystal but they are generically referred to as Ferro Liquid Crystal Displays (FLCD).
Description.
These fluids have bistable properties that can be switched with a magnetic field. The switching time is much shorter than that of a typical LCD that twist/untwist due to magnetic rather than electric interactions.
Also see Ferrofluid for how some liquids behave in presence of a magnetic field. Practically the switching time is just the same as the time it takes for the electric signal to switch (the magnetic field). The ferro liquid reacts almost instantly when used in µg quantities (thin layer) as in a typical LCD's crystal layer.
The dot pitch of such displays can be as low as 10 µm giving a very dense high resolution display on a small area. These might find applications in 3D displays and head mounted displays (HMD) where typical LCDs have failed to provide anything better than a 640x480 (RGB pixel) resolution on a sq.cm display area.
Displays based on these are still experimental or of less commercial value only due to the costs. Gradual adoption in consumer electronics is expected to bring the costs down.
A major drawback is that the angle of twist is not easily controlled by intensity of magnetic field. To produce color scales, time multiplexing might be used exploiting the quick switching time. The materials found so far are sensitive to vibration and shock.
Working of Ferro Electric Crystals.
Those based on crystals can retain polarisation permanently. FLCDs are smectic liquid crystals that have a natural layered order. Most FLCDs are 
So, an unconstrained system, the azimuthal direction in which the molecules tilt away from the layer normal will differ slightly from one layer to the next.
Typically, the FLCDs are built with cell gaps less than 2 µm for stable molecular alignment. Alignment layer causes perpendicular stacked alignment. The cell's polarisation is determined by the magnetic field applied. That in turn results in opaque or transparent layer when used in combination with polarised layers as in LCD.
Properties and uses.
Some commercial products do seem to utilize FLCD.
High switching allows building optical switches and shutters in printer heads.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19872688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872688" title="Dimitris Bogdanos">
Dimitris Bogdanos

Dimitris Bogdanos (born on October 26, 1975 in Greece) is a Greek professional basketball player. He is 2.02 m (6 ft 7 ½ in) in height. He plays at both the small forward and power forward positions. He is currently with the pro club Trikala 2000.
Pro career.
Bogdanos has played with clubs such as Ionikos Nikaias, Gymnastikos S. Larissas, Panorama, and Trikala 2000 in his professional career.

</doc>
<doc id="19872691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872691" title="Alexei Zamolodchikov">
Alexei Zamolodchikov

Alexei Zamolodchikov (September 18, 1952, Novo-Ivankovo - October 18, 2007) was a Russian physicist well known for his contributions to quantum field theory, quantum gravity and the Liouville string theory. Today, the application of this technique is a standard way of analyzing 2D quantum field theories beyond perturbation theory.
He was the brother of well known physicist Alexander Zamolodchikov. Born near Dubna, they both earned a B.Sc. in nuclear engineering (1969–76) from Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology. They each earned a Ph.D. in physics from the Institute for Theoretical and Experimental Physics, Alexei with a thesis entitled "Factorized scattering in asymptotically free two-dimensional models of quantum field theory" (1979). 
He then worked for Scientific Council on Cybernetics, Academy of Sciences of USSR, Moscow (1984–87), rejoined as senior researcher, the Institute for Theoretical and Experimental Physics (1987-). He visited Laboratoire de Physique Statistique, Ecole Normale (1990) before taking a senior CNRS position at University of Montpellier II (1991–2007). His last year he was with the Independent University of Moscow. He died in Moscow. The "Liouville field theory and stochastic models" seminar was held in his honor (2008).

</doc>
<doc id="19872696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872696" title="Conops">
Conops

Conops is a genus of fly from the family Conopidae. The larvae of "Conops" are parasitic on bees, especially bumblebees. Adults feed on nectar.

</doc>
<doc id="19872699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872699" title="2008–09 Volvo Ocean Race">
2008–09 Volvo Ocean Race

The 2008–09 Volvo Ocean Race was a yacht race held between October 4, 2008, and June 27, 2009—the 10th edition of the round the world Volvo Ocean Race.
The eight participating boats made ten stops in nine countries around the world. The first offshore leg of the 2008–09 Race started in Alicante, Spain, on October 11, 2008, with the in-port race having been held seven days earlier. A total of ten legs created the route, with seven in-port (IP) races held at various cities around the world. The boats covered in the course of their journey. The chief executive of the 08–09 race was Knut Frostad.
On June 15, 2009, Ericsson 4, skippered by Torben Grael, finished third on leg 9 from Marstrand to Stockholm, Sweden. With their third place finish, they were able to secure overall victory.
Participants.
Budgets.
Ericsson's budgets were €50 million, whilst Puma's budget was approximately €20 million. By comparison, the joint Irish and Chinese team, Green Dragon, received €8 million from the Irish government and €4 million from China.
Route.
Summary.
The route also included seven ‘scoring gates’ (at Fernando de Noronha, Mauritius, Pulau Weh, Indonesia, Latitude 36S, Cape Horn, Fernando de Noronha and St John's, Newfoundland). Yachts scored 'half-points' at these gates, the same as for the in port races.
Stopovers.
Cape Town.
Ericsson 4 won leg one of the 2008–09 Volvo Ocean Race from Alicante, Spain, to Cape Town in South Africa in a time of 21 days, 17 hours and 54 minutes.
Kochi.
The second leg of began on 15 November 2008, with the sailors avoiding pirates off the coast of Somalia on their way to India.
Singapore.
Telefonica Blue won leg three of the 2008–09 Volvo Ocean Race from Kochi, India, to Singapore in Singapore. Puma Ocean Racing finished in second place, whilst Ericsson 3 and Ericsson 4 finished in third and fourth places respectively. The race was described as very close, with the top four boats finishing the race within twenty minutes of each other. The race took ten days to complete, ending on 22 December 2008.
Qingdao.
Telefonica Blue won leg four of the 2008–09 Volvo Ocean Race from Singapore in Singapore to Qingdao, China. Puma Ocean Racing finished in second place, whilst Ericsson 4 finished in third place. Telefonica Black, Ericsson 3 and Delta Lloyd all withdrew to sail to the Philippines and Taiwan for repairs. The leg lasted from 18 January until 29 January 2009.
Rio de Janeiro.
Ericsson 3 won leg five, the longest leg at , of the 2008–09 Volvo Ocean Race from Qingdao in China to Rio de Janeiro in Brazil, in a time of 40 days and five hours, arriving on 26 March 2009.
The teams left for Boston in the United States on leg five, which began on 11 April 2009.
Boston.
The boats arrived in Boston in late April, with an in port race on May 9.
Leg 6 was won by Ericsson 4 at 21:05 GMT, 26 April 2009 after 15 days, 10 hours and 31 minutes of sailing
Galway.
Ericsson 4 won leg seven of the 2008–09 Volvo Ocean Race from Boston in the United States to Galway, crossing the Atlantic Ocean in a time of seven days, 10 hours, 33 minutes and 51 seconds. Puma Ocean Racing finished in second place, one hour behind. Green Dragon finished in third position, whilst Telefonica Blue finished in fourth place.
Fáilte Ireland West sponsored the two-week Galway Stopover. It was expected that 140,000 people would visit Galway during the Stopover but the final total significantly outnumbered half a million, with some early reports suggesting that over 600,000 people had come to Galway to view the boats. €43 million was the economic total predicted for Galway from the events but the final total was anticipated to be over €80 million. Figures released the following November suggested the total was just under €56 million. The atmosphere and support in Galway was described positively.
At least 50,000 people watched the seven yachts leave Galway on Leg 8 of the race. Irish President Mary McAleese made a public speech before the sailors took off, noting their “extraordinary skill and resilience” which had “inspired all of us”. Liu Biwei, China's ambassador to Ireland, spoke of how he favoured the Irish-Chinese pairing, and the fleet received several blessings. The sailors reported of the enjoyment they had in Galway, with Puma skipper Ken Read describing it as "the best stopover I have ever been involved with" saying he would return the following year after enjoying his time on the golf course and declaring that there was "something about Ireland and myself that seem to like each other".
Galway is expected to compete again for a stopover during the next race, with other Irish destinations such as Belfast and Dún Laoghaire expected to compete also.
Marstrand.
Ericsson 4 won leg eight of the 2008–09 Volvo Ocean Race from Galway to Marstrand in Sweden in a time of 12 hours and 57 minutes, their third consecutive victory and fifth overall Puma finished in second place and Green Dragon finished in third place. It was Green Dragon's second successive podium finish and, although they finished third, they had led for most of the race.
The boats left Galway Bay, journeying southward along the west coast of Ireland. They then travelled in a south-easterly direction across the Irish Sea to south England, moving in an eastwards direction up the English Channel. The teams then travelled up into the North Sea until arrival at the Baltic Sea.
Stockholm.
Puma won leg nine of the 2008–09 Volvo Ocean Race from Marstrand to Stockholm in Sweden, their first win in the race. The third place for Ericsson 4 was enough for the team to also win the overall race at this point, leading to comparisons with the victor of the previous race, Mike Sanderson and ABN AMRO One, who won at the end of leg seven in Portsmouth, England, in 2006.
Saint Petersburg.
Telefonica Black won the last leg of the 2008–09 Volvo Ocean Race from Stockholm to Saint Petersburg, covering the in a time of 1 day, 12 hours and 41 minutes. Puma Ocean Racing had led the race for most of the way. Ericsson 4, finished in third place.
Results.
Results* are listed below:
Records.
During Leg 1 "Ericsson 4", skippered by Torben Grael, broke the monohull 24 hour distance record when he sailed , an average of .

</doc>
<doc id="19872700" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872700" title="2005–06 Volvo Ocean Race">
2005–06 Volvo Ocean Race

The 2005-06 Volvo Ocean Race was held between 5 November 2005 and 17 June 2006. Seven boats took part in the race and made ten stops in nine countries.
The 2006-2006 race was the first to not begin in the United Kingdom. The course of was divided into 9 legs, and would take over 8 months to complete.
A new design of boat, the Volvo Open 70 was also used for the first time in this race. The new boats were 2m longer and about 1,000 kg lighter than the VO60's used in the previous race. They were also allowed to have more sail area and include the use of canting keels.
During Leg 7 of the race Hans Horrevoets, 32, of The Netherlands was swept overboard from ABN Amro II. Although he was recovered from the water, attempts to resuscitate him were not successful. CPR was stopped at 0420GMT, 18 May 2006.
The crew of Movistar abandoned ship after the aft end of their keel pivot broke away from their hull in the night of 20 May 2006, and transferred to ABN Amro II which had been standing by and was escorted by HMS Mersey back to land. Although a search was carried out for the yacht, it is believed she sank due to the damage sustained.
The 2005/2006 race had tighter restrictions on the number of crewmembers allowed than previous races. An all-male crew was restricted to ten, while a crew with at least 5 women could have eleven members, and an all-female crew, (of which there were none in the race), could have twelve. The only woman who served as crew was Adrienne Cahalan of Brasil 1, who was replaced after the first leg. The skipper of each team may nominate one additional person for the in-port races.

</doc>
<doc id="19872723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872723" title="Puiseaux">
Puiseaux

Puiseaux is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France.

</doc>
<doc id="19872733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872733" title="Crest of the Wave (musical)">
Crest of the Wave (musical)

Crest of the Wave is a musical with book and music by Ivor Novello and lyrics by Christopher Hassall.
It premiered at the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane in London, on 1 September 1937, starring Novello as both hero and villain, Dorothy Dickson, Olive Gilbert, Walter Crisham and Edgar Elmes. It ran for 203 performances.
The best-known songs from the musical are "Rose of England", "Why isn't it you?", "Haven of your heart" and "If you only knew". The story concerns an impoverished nobleman, The Duke of Cheviot, who is shot by a lover and pursued by the villainous Otto Fresch. It featured a spectacular train crash, one of several Novello musicals featuring a spectacular disaster: "Glamorous Night" has a shipwreck and "Careless Rapture" depicts an earthquake. 

</doc>
<doc id="19872738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872738" title="Arman, Nepal">
Arman, Nepal

Arman, Nepal is a village development committee in Myagdi District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3867 people living in 767 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19872740" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872740" title="Arthunge">
Arthunge

Arthunge is a village development committee in Myagdi District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4166 people living in 919 individual households.
To Promote local culture Arthunge has one FM radio station Myagdi kali F.M - 88.2 MHz Which is a Community radio Station.

</doc>
<doc id="19872744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872744" title="Babiyachaur">
Babiyachaur

Babiyachaur is a village development committee in Myagdi District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2797 people living in 537 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19872747" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872747" title="Baranja, Nepal">
Baranja, Nepal

Baranja is a village development committee in Myagdi District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4576 people living in 891 individual households.
References.
Satbise is the small village of Barangja V.D.C. in Myagdi District.

</doc>
<doc id="19872751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872751" title="Begkhola">
Begkhola

Begkhola is a village development committee in Myagdi District in the Dhaulagiri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1770 people living in 377 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19872752" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872752" title="Bredo Henrik von Munthe af Morgenstierne, Sr.">
Bredo Henrik von Munthe af Morgenstierne, Sr.

Bredo Henrik von Munthe af Morgenstierne (27 September 1774 – 3 June 1835) was a Norwegian jurist, part of an old noble family.
Personal life.
He was born in Denmark as the son of Otto Christopher von Munthe af Morgenstierne and his wife Christine Bodilla Birgitte de Flindt.
In 1800 he married Cathrine Elisabeth Fries. They had ten children. His son Vilhelm Ludvig Herman became a County Governor, and Christian Fredrik Jacob was a jurist as well as chief of police in Christiania for some time. Through Vilhelm Ludvig Herman he was the grandfather of professor of law Bredo Henrik von Munthe af Morgenstierne and great-grandfather of Norwegian Ambassador to the United States of America, Wilhelm Thorlief von Munthe af Morgenstierne, Dean of the Diplomatic Corp in Washington, DC during WWII and his brother, indologist Georg Valentin von Munthe af Morgenstierne. His daughter Augusta Julie Georgine married Prime Minister Frederik Stang.
Career.
Bredo Henrik von Munthe af Morgenstierne took the cand.jur. degree in Copenhagen, and was hired as assessor in Copenhagen city court. In 1802 he was promoted to Supreme Court barrister. He left Denmark in 1804, and travelled around in Europe as a violinist. In 1806 he came to Norway, and originally settled in Moss. When the Gunboat War (1807–1814) broke out, he served in the Norwegian coastal defence, but in 1810 was hired as an attorney. In 1820 he was appointed district stipendiary magistrate ("sorenskriver") in Bamble, residing in nearby city Porsgrund.
Following the 1823 election, Bredo Henrik became a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament. Some years earlier he had made his mark as a supporter of King Charles John of Sweden and Norway, who at that time was feuding with Parliament over a proposed Royal veto. After this, Charles John had issued Bredo Henrik a payment of speciedaler, which has been seen as a return of the favor. When meeting in a parliamentary session in 1824, Bredo Henrik was accused of disqualification due to his gift from the King. While originally claiming that he turned down the money, a later letter from Bredo Henrik revealed that he had requested the redirection of the payment to his son. As a result, he lost his place as deputy representative.
The same year, his house in Porsgrund burned down. The fire also consumed the house of his neighbor Jens Gasmann, who by an ironic coincidence had taken over as deputy representative. Bredo Henrik left Porsgrund after the fire, moving to the neighboring city Skien.
In 1829 he left the district stipendiary magistrate post, and moved to Christiania. He worked with three other jurists with a new Criminal Act. He published several periodicals, including "Juridisk Maanedstidende", "Juridisk Repertorium" with Lorentz Lange, Jørgen Herman Vogt and Jonas Anton Hielm, and "Juridiske samlinger" with Peder Carl Lasson and Claus Winter Hjelm.
He died in 1835 in Christiania.

</doc>
<doc id="19872753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872753" title="Bhakilmi">
Bhakilmi

Bhakilmi is a village development committee in Myagdi District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3132 people living in 599 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19872756" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872756" title="Conops (subgenus)">
Conops (subgenus)

Conops is a subgenus of fly from the genus "Conops" in the family Conopidae.
The European species of the subgenus are:

</doc>
<doc id="19872757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872757" title="Leslie Charles Leach">
Leslie Charles Leach

Leslie Charles Leach "Larry" (18 November 1909 Southend - 18 July 1996 Pietersburg) was a Rhodesian taxonomic botanist.
Leach arrived in Rhodesia in 1938 and carried on business in Salisbury as an electrical engineer. He developed an interest in succulent plants, particularly Stapeliae, Euphorbieae and the genus "Aloe". He gave up the business world in 1956 and devoted himself to a self-financed taxonomic study of the three groups with a special interest in the ""Flora Zambesiaca"" region. He collected extensively in Mozambique and East Africa, also covering Angola, South West Africa and South Africa.
Between 1972-81 Leach worked as Honorary Botanist of the staff of Rhodesia's National Herbarium and described himself as 'probably Rhodesia's only unpaid civil servant'. He coerced the "Aloe, Cactus and Succulent Society of Rhodesia" into producing a taxonomic series supplementary to "Excelsa". Consequently four volumes, including monographs of the Stapeliae, "Orbea", "Stapelia", "Huernia" and "Tridentea", were authored by Leach and published between 1878-88.
In 1981 he settled in South Africa, working at the National Botanic Garden at Worcester from 1982-89, and finishing his work on the succulent Stapeliae of Southern Africa, publishing the results in "Excelsa".
From 1990 he worked as Honorary Research Fellow in the Department of Botany at the University of the North near Pietersburg, where, before his death, he worked on the succulent Euphorbieae for "Flora Zambeziaca". 
He was awarded the Harry Bolus Medal by the Botanical Society of Southern Africa in 1968, the Rhodesia Scientific Association's Gold Medal in 1977 and had fellowship of the Cactus and Succulent Society of America conferred in 1983. 
He is commemorated in numerous specific names such as "Aloe leachii" Reynolds, "Huernia leachii" Lavranos, "Dombeya leachii" Wild, the Asclepiad genus "Larryleachia" and the Choreocolacaceae genus "Leachiella" Plowes. This botanist is denoted by the author abbreviation L.C.Leach when citing a botanical name.

</doc>
<doc id="19872759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872759" title="Bima, Nepal">
Bima, Nepal

Bima, Nepal is a village development committee in Myagdi District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1685 people living in 339 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19872762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872762" title="Dagnam">
Dagnam

Dagnam is a village development committee in Myagdi District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1273 people living in 286 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19872763" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872763" title="Supervising Scientist">
Supervising Scientist

The Supervising Scientist is a statutory office under Australian law, originally created to assist in the monitoring of what was then one of the world's largest uranium mines, the Ranger Uranium Mine. It now provides advice more generally on a 'wide range of scientific matters and mining-related environmental issues of national importance, including; radiological matters and tropical wetlands conservation and management'. The Supervising Scientist is administered as a division within the Department of the Environment, Water, Heritage and the Arts.

</doc>
<doc id="19872765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872765" title="Dana, Nepal">
Dana, Nepal

Dana, Nepal is a village development committee in Myagdi District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1787 people living in 398 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19872771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872771" title="Darwang">
Darwang

Darwang is a village development committee in Myagdi District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2819 people living in 585 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19872776" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872776" title="Devisthan, Myagdi">
Devisthan, Myagdi

Devisthan, Myagdi is a village development committee in Myagdi District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3225 people living in 618 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19872778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872778" title="Dhatan">
Dhatan

Dhatan is a village development committee in Myagdi District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3475 people living in 758 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19872782" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872782" title="2001–02 Volvo Ocean Race">
2001–02 Volvo Ocean Race

For the 2001 to 2002 the sponsorship of the race was taken over by Volvo and Volvo Cars. The race was renamed the Volvo Ocean Race. Stopovers were added in Germany, France, and Sweden being the Volvo's three biggest car markets in Europe. In addition the points system had been modified significantly in an effort to keep the race competitive until the final leg. The previous "points" race having been effectively won two full legs before the final gun.
John Kostecki, who had co-skippered with George Collins on Chessie Racing in the 1997 to 1998 Whitbread to great effect, captained his first Volvo Ocean race winner in 2002. Assa Abloy's new composite mold technique proved very quick, but not quite quick enough, while long time Whitbread skipper Grant Dalton's two boat syndicate suffered badly from a lack of preparation time (the Amer boats were last in the water).
For Leg 3, yachts joined the iconic Australian Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race that begins on Boxing Day (the day after Christmas Day).

</doc>
<doc id="19872783" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872783" title="Dowa, Nepal">
Dowa, Nepal

Dowa, Nepal is a village development committee in Myagdi District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1315 people living in 319 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19872791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872791" title="Gurja Khani">
Gurja Khani

Gurja Khani is a village development committee in Myagdi District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 874 people living in 160 individual households. It is one of the many villages in Myadgi district predominately inhabited by Chhantyal Community 

</doc>
<doc id="19872794" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872794" title="Histhan Mandali">
Histhan Mandali

Histhan Mandali is a village development committee in Myagdi District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2206 people living in 514 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19872795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872795" title="1997–98 Whitbread Round the World Race">
1997–98 Whitbread Round the World Race

The Whitbread Round the World Race ran for the first time with all W60 boats and to a "points vs time" (instead of aggregate leg time) scoring system to enhance the value of the shorter race legs. Also, in an effort to attract additional media coverage, the Whitbread race committee divided the race into no less than 9 legs for the 1997 to 1998 race. Volvo had its first major association with the race in 1997 to 1998 by sponsoring the trophy (thus the race was officially known as the Whitbread 'round the world race for the Volvo Trophy) and some of the media coverage. For the first time running to W60-only specification, this year's Whitbread attracted just 10 entries—the fewest to date.
Final Standings:
Leg Winners:

</doc>
<doc id="19872799" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872799" title="1973–74 Whitbread Round the World Race">
1973–74 Whitbread Round the World Race

The first Whitbread Round the World Race started off from Portsmouth, England on September 8, 1973. Seventeen yachts of various sizes and rigs took part. During the race three sailors were swept over board and died: Paul Waterhouse, Dominique Guillet and Bernie Hosking. Waterhouse and Guillet were never to be seen again.
Final Standings.
The crew of the Mexican yacht "Sayula II", a brand new Swan 65 owned and skippered by mexican Captain Ramón Carlin, successfully won the overall race in 133 days and 13 hours. Her actual time was 152 days [http://www.mexconnect.com/mex_/travel/tonysarticles/tbdid1201.html]. 
References.
Full details of finishing positions

</doc>
<doc id="19872800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872800" title="1977–78 Whitbread Round the World Race">
1977–78 Whitbread Round the World Race

On August 27, 1977, 15 boats started out from Southampton for the Whitbread Round the World Race under gale force winds and driving rain.
Final Standings.
The maxi ketch "Flyer" was designed by Sparkman & Stephens and built at the W. Huisman shipyard in 1977 for skipper Cornelius van Rietschoten. She won the race. All 15 boats finished the race. "Great Britain II" was winner on elapsed time for the second race in succession.

</doc>
<doc id="19872801" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872801" title="1981–82 Whitbread Round the World Race">
1981–82 Whitbread Round the World Race

On August 8, 1981, 29 boats started out from Southampton for the Whitbread Round the World Race.
Final Standings.
The maxi yacht "Flyer II" was designed by Germán Frers and built at the W. Huisman shipyard in 1981 for skipper Cornelius van Rietschoten. In an unusual feat, she won the race both on line honours and on handicap. Only 20 finished the race out of the 29 that started it.

</doc>
<doc id="19872802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872802" title="1985–86 Whitbread Round the World Race">
1985–86 Whitbread Round the World Race

On September 28, 1985, 15 boats started out from Southampton for the Whitbread Round the World Race.
Final Standings:
"L'Esprit d'Equipe" skippered by Lionel Péan won the race in a corrected time of 111 days 23 hours. "Phillips Innovator" was second, and "Fazer Finland" third. ("UBS Switzerland" was named first on elapsed time, with "Lion New Zealand" as runner-up. "Drum" (carrying owner/pop star Simon Le Bon) finished just a breath behind.)

</doc>
<doc id="19872803" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872803" title="1989–90 Whitbread Round the World Race">
1989–90 Whitbread Round the World Race

The Whitbread Round the World Race was run with several classes (for size of boat). This race featured the first all-woman crew on Tracy Edwards' "Maiden". Although in a much smaller boat than many of their male counterparts the women fared well—claiming two leg victories in class.
Final standings:
The boat "Creighton's Naturally" suffered a serious broach on leg 2, at about 3 in the morning. Crew members Anthony (Tony) Philips and Bart van den Dwey were swept over board. They were both pulled back on deck. Van den Dwey successfully resuscitated, but, after three hours of trying, crewmembers were unable to revive Philips. A few days later, by radio agreement with relatives ashore, Philips was buried at sea.
Leg Winners:
"Steinlager 2" skippered by Peter Blake won the race easily. For the first time since 1981 to 1982 (when the race comprised just four legs), the victor won every leg (albeit closely chased by both Grant Dalton's Fisher & Paykel NZ and Pierre Fehlmann's Merit entries). The vast difference in speed and capability of the many different boats involved in the 1989 to 1990 race lead to the creation of a committee to examine the commission of a Whitbread class boat for use in future races. Many of the Maxi yachts in this year's race were nearly twice the size (LOA) of the smallest, and carried well over twice the sail area. The net result of this was that many of the smaller boats finished the longer legs more than ten days after the leg winner. In the overall results, the last finisher was some 52 days behind Blake's Steinlager 2 128 day aggregate time. In addition, the expense of the big yachts was getting to be too much - even for the well funded teams like Steinlager, Rothmans and Merit. Eventually, the new class would be called the W60 - but its gestation would not be quick or lack controversy.

</doc>
<doc id="19872804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872804" title="Jhin">
Jhin

Jhin is a village development committee in Myagdi District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1234 people living in 283 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19872805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872805" title="1993–94 Whitbread Round the World Race">
1993–94 Whitbread Round the World Race

The 1993 to 1994 Whitbread Round the World Race was run to "mixed class" rules (as with prior races). New for the 93/4 race was a purpose built Whitbread boat—the W60. As with previous years a handicap was applied to different boats based on their race rating. The competitors were none too keen or running both Maxis and W60's together. The two competing classes battled throughout with protest flags always at the ready. Many entrants wanted the old maxis banned for this year, however owing to concerns over whether enough new boats would be ready (not to mention the large investments the Maxi owners had made in previous years), several Maxis were allowed to compete in the 1993 to 1994 race. The W60 skippers almost unanimously insisted they were in a 'completely different boat race', to the fury of Grant Dalton skippering a maxi. Dalton conceded afterwards however that the race should only have one class in future, to avoid similar squabbles.
Final Standings
"Intrum Justitia" was originally skippered by Roger Nilson, who was injured on the first leg.
Leg Winners:

</doc>
<doc id="19872807" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872807" title="Jyamrukot">
Jyamrukot

Jyamrukot is a village development committee in Myagdi District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2825 people living in 578 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19872810" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872810" title="Nikos Kaklamanos">
Nikos Kaklamanos

Nikos Kaklamanos (born July 12, 1981 in Greece) is a Greek professional basketball player. He is 1.89 m (6 ft 2 ½ in) in height. He can play at both the point guard and shooting guard positions.
Professional career.
In his pro career, Kaklamanos has played with clubs such as Olympia Larissa, Trikala 2000, and Trikala. He was named the Greek A2 League Player of the Year by Eurobasket.com in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19872811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872811" title="Kuhunkot">
Kuhunkot

Kuhunkot is a village development committee in Myagdi District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3311 people living in 668 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19872826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872826" title="Kuinemangale">
Kuinemangale

Kuinemangale is a village development committee in Myagdi District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1650 people living in 290 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19872832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872832" title="Lulang">
Lulang

Lulang is a village development committee in Myagdi District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1158 people living in 222 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19872835" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872835" title="Malkwang">
Malkwang

Malkwang is a village development committee in Myagdi District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1602 people living in 308 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19872836" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872836" title="Marang, Nepal">
Marang, Nepal

Marang, Nepal is a village development committee in Myagdi District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1878 people living in 356 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19872839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872839" title="Santokben Jadeja">
Santokben Jadeja

Santokben Jadeja, popularly was known as "Godmother", and probably the only famous case of a lady heading an underworld enterprise in India. Her area of operations have been in and around Porbandar. Though now marginalized by the Bharatiya Janata Party, she was once a key player in the Mafia operations of Porbandar.
Early life.
She was married to Sarman Munja Jadeja, a leader of Maher community, who was an ordinary mill worker at Maharana Mill, but became a gangster and don when he killed the local gangster Devu Vagher, who was hired by the mill owner to break the strike. 
Till 1986 Santokben was playing the role of a home maker and a mother when under the influence of Pandurang Shastri of the Swadhyay movement her husband Samran had bid farewell to arms and crime. But in December 1986, her husband was shot dead by Kala Keshav gang owing to old rivalry. This brought Santokben in to forefront, who decided to go back to old way of his spouse, to get even.
She was an MLA from 1990 to 1995 as a candidate of Janata Dal and was close to Chimanbhai Patel
She was alleged to be behind the murder of 14 people, who she believed were responsible for her husband's murder.She was arrested for giving shelter to the people, who raped two girls.
She hailed from Kutiyana town in Porbandar district.
She also lived in Kadach, near Porbandar before she became GODMOTHER.
Operations during height of influence.
Her period of operation started during the 1980s and lasted for about a decade, until she was made to relocate to Rajkot.
Moving into backseat.
She had planned to contest the 2002 assembly elections from her native place, Kutiyana in Saurashtra. However, she later vacated the seat for the Congress party's candidate. The subsequent defeat of Congress, BJP's action of further marginalization and arrest for the murder of a BJP councilor in August 2005 put her deep into the backseat.
Last years.
In 2007, she came into the news again with the killing of Navghan Arsi, the son of Arsi Jadeja, the brother-in-law of Santokben.
She was in the news in 2008 when her daughter-in-law was shot dead by unknown assailants.
She died of a heart attack in Porbandar, Gujarat on Thursday night, Mar 31, 2011.
In popular culture.
She was the subject of a Hindi film, "Godmother" (1999), where her role was essayed by Shabana Azmi, who later won the National Film Award for Best Actress.

</doc>
<doc id="19872840" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872840" title="Mudi, Nepal">
Mudi, Nepal

Mudi, Nepal is a village development committee in Myagdi District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2244 people living in 410 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19872849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872849" title="Muna, Nepal">
Muna, Nepal

Muna, Nepal is a village development committee in Myagdi District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2152 people living in 456 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19872851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872851" title="Abdulmalik Dehamshe">
Abdulmalik Dehamshe

Abdulmalik Dehamshe (; , born 4 March 1943) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the United Arab List between 1996 and 2006. He was also leader of the party.
Biography.
Born in Kafr Kanna during the Mandate era, Dehamshe completed his secondary education in Nazareth and gained a BA from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in 1968, and worked as a lawyer.
In 1996 he was elected to the Knesset on the Arab Democratic Party-United Arab List joint list. He was re-elected in 1999 and became a Deputy Speaker of the Knesset. The Or Commission found that he was responsible for inflaming violence during the October 2000 events.
In 1998, he commented "Any Arab who serves in the Israeli Army is a disgusting criminal. We reject all forms of national service because we are part of the Palestinian people." After an Israeli airstrike killed three Syrian soldiers, he sent a letter of condolences to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, and wrote the return address as "Nazareth, Palestine".
He retained his seat again in the 2003 elections and remained a Deputy Speaker. He lost his seat in the 2006 elections. That same year, following the loss of his Knesset seat, he expressed his support for suicide bombings, the use of Qassam rockets on Israeli population centers, and kidnappings of Israelis by Palestinian militants.

</doc>
<doc id="19872852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872852" title="Narchyang">
Narchyang

Narchyang is a village development committee in Myagdi District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 2001 Nepal census it had a population of 1762 people living in 421 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19872855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872855" title="Niskot">
Niskot

Niskot is a village development committee in Myagdi District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1772 people living in 327 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19872857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872857" title="Okharbot">
Okharbot

Okharbot is a village development committee in Myagdi District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2009 people living in 379 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19872865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872865" title="Pakhapani, Myagdi">
Pakhapani, Myagdi

Pakhapani, Myagdi is a village development committee in Myagdi District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2565 people living in 533 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19872872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872872" title="Postscriptum (album)">
Postscriptum (album)

Postscriptum is an album by Czesław Niemen released in 1980. ""Dziwny jest ten świat '79"" is new version of best known Niemen song ""Dziwny jest ten świat"".

</doc>
<doc id="19872873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872873" title="Patlekhet">
Patlekhet

Patlekhet is a village development committee in Myagdi District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1697 people living in 345 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19872877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872877" title="Pulachaur">
Pulachaur

Pulachaur is a village development committee in Myagdi District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3394 people living in 736 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19872882" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872882" title="Rakhu Bhagawati">
Rakhu Bhagawati

Rakhu Bhagawati is a village development committee in Myagdi District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3329 people living in 698 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19872887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872887" title="Rakhupiple">
Rakhupiple

Rakhupiple is a village development committee in Myagdi District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3538 people living in 782 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19872890" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872890" title="Magdy Ishak">
Magdy Ishak

Magdy A Ishak MD, FRCS, CCIM, born 1947 in Suez, Egypt, is an orthopedic surgeon and the President of the Egyptian Medical Society UK. He is also Chairman of the Scottish-Egyptian Association and Vice Chairman 
of the British Egyptian Society., he is also Chairman of M I Holdings.
He is honorary Companion Chartered Institute of Management.
Magdy is married to Rita GadelRab, a consultant anesthetist, and has one daughter, Lorraine, a maxillofacial surgeon.

</doc>
<doc id="19872891" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872891" title="Ramche, Myagdi">
Ramche, Myagdi

Ramche is a village development committee in Myagdi District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2028 people living in 416 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19872893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872893" title="List of Shugo Chara!! Doki— episodes">
List of Shugo Chara!! Doki— episodes

The first episode, , was first broadcast on TV Tokyo in Japan on October 4, 2008, where the series continues to air. The episodes are rebroadcast by TV Aichi, TV Hokkaido, TV Osaka, TV Setouchi, and TVQ Kyushu Broadcasting within a few days of the initial broadcast.
Several pieces of theme music are used over the course of the series—two opening themes by Shugo Chara Egg! and two closing themes by J-pop group Buono!. The opening theme for the first twelve episodes is , and starting with episode sixty-five the opening theme is . The opening theme , which is from episode seventy-seven to episode eighty-nine, is by the newest group, Guardians 4. The opening theme from episodes ninety to one hundred two is "School Days", also performed by Guardians 4. The ending theme from episodes fifty-two to sixty-eight is . From episode sixty-nine to seventy-six, the ending theme is . The ending theme from seventy-seven to eighty-nine is "My Boy", which is also performed by Buono!. The ending theme from ninety to one hundred one, is "Take It Easy!", again performed by Buono!. Episode one hundred two ends with "Honto no Jibun" originally shown as the first ending theme to the first season.
Episode list.
__FORCETOC__

</doc>
<doc id="19872895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872895" title="Ratnechaur">
Ratnechaur

Ratnechaur is a village development committee in Myagdi District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2369 people living in 434 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19872896" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872896" title="Sidrach Simpson">
Sidrach Simpson

Sidrach Simpson (c.1600-1655) was an English Independent minister, one of the leaders of the Independent faction in the Westminster Assembly.
Life.
Sidrach Simpson came from Lincolnshire. He was educated as a sizar at Emmanuel College and Queens' College, Cambridge.
After losing his Church of England status under William Laud, he spent time as a minister in the Netherlands. In the Westminster Assembly he was one of the "Five Dissenting Brethren" putting their names to the "An Apologeticall Narration" presented to Parliament on 3 January, 1644. The others in the group were William Bridge, Jeremiah Burroughs, Thomas Goodwin and Philip Nye, all with a comparable Dutch background as ministers (Burroughs and Simpson both in Rotterdam), and united in a form of Congregationalism He was also in the group of ten, dominated by Independents, condemning in 1652 the Racovian Catechism, with Nye and Bridge, six further Independents,John Dury, and Adoniram Byfield.
He became Master of Pembroke Hall, Cambridge in 1650, but was drifting in his last years to the outer extremes in his positions. He was preoccupied by his concurrent post as rector in London, at St Mary Abchurch, and then from 1653 at St Bartholomew-by-the-Exchange. Oliver Cromwell had him imprisoned for aggressive preaching.

</doc>
<doc id="19872899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872899" title="Roomaga">
Roomaga

Roomaga is a village development committee in Myagdi District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4612 people living in 873 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19872903" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872903" title="Shikha, Nepal">
Shikha, Nepal

Shikha is a village development committee in Myagdi District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5862 people living in 1350 individual households.
The VDC includes the village of Ghorepani, a popular stop for trekkers on the Annapurna Circuit trek, and the Poon Hill viewpoint.

</doc>
<doc id="19872917" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872917" title="Singa, Nepal">
Singa, Nepal

Singa is a village development committee in Myagdi District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2666 people living in 555 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19872921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872921" title="Takam, Nepal">
Takam, Nepal

Takam is a village development committee in Myagdi District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3629 people living in 757 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19872924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872924" title="Mika Ahola">
Mika Ahola

Mika Ahola (13 December 1974 – 15 January 2012) was a Finnish enduro rider and a five-time world champion. He was also a seven-time winner of the International Six Days Enduro (ISDE) World Trophy with Team Finland, and was the fastest overall in the competition in 1999, 2001 and 2002.
Ahola debuted in the World Enduro Championship in a Husqvarna in 1993, and became a regular title contender after joining the TM factory team in 1997. In 2001, he finished runner-up for the third time, after losing the final round in Sweden and the 500 cc world title to Anders Eriksson by 0.06 seconds and a single point, respectively. Ahola took three more wins than Eriksson, but a mechanical problem in the second round in Slovakia proved costly for his title chase. After another second placing in 2002 and a third in 2003, he briefly moved to Husqvarna until signing for Honda for the 2006 season, which saw him finish second to KTM's Samuli Aro in the E2 class. 
In 2007, Ahola took seven wins and finished on the podium in all but one event, beating compatriot Aro and Yamaha's Johnny Aubert to finally win the world championship. For the 2008 season, he moved to the E1 class and took his second world title ahead of KTM's Iván Cervantes. Ahola went on to win a fourth consecutive title in 2010. In 2011, he moved to the E3 class and became the first rider to win the world championship in all the three current categories.
Ahola debuted in the Barcelona Indoor Enduro in 2003, resulting fourth. He ended fourth again in 2004 and fifth in 2006. The rider entered the FIM Indoor Enduro World Cup in 2007/08, where he took two podiums and resulted third in points. In 2008/09 he got three podiums and ended fourth in the standings. The rider resulted sixth in 2009/10 with a best result of third. The Finn won a race and collected three podiums, to end third in points.
Mika Ahola announced his retirement from enduro racing on New Year's Day 2012. Ahola died of internal injuries on 15 January 2012 at a hospital in Barcelona, a few weeks after crashing while training in Girona, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="19872926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872926" title="Tatopani, Myagdi">
Tatopani, Myagdi

Tatopani is a village development committee in Myagdi District in the Dhawalagiri Zone of western-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 843 people living in 182 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19872939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872939" title="Ilana Cohen">
Ilana Cohen

Ilana Cohen (, born 16 November 1943) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for One Nation and the Labor Party from 2003 until 2006.
Biography.
Born in Iraq, Cohen made aliyah in 1949. She worked as a nurse, and chaired the Nurses' Union. 
In 2003 she was elected to the Knesset on the One Nation list. In 2005 the party merged into the Labor Party. She lost her seat in the 2006 elections, having decided to retire from politics.

</doc>
<doc id="19872946" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872946" title="Asiconops">
Asiconops

Asiconops is a subgenus of fly from the genus "Conops" in the family Conopidae.
The European species of the subgenus are:

</doc>
<doc id="19872959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872959" title="Jelani Gardner">
Jelani Gardner

Jelani Gardner (born on December 26, 1975 in the USA) is an American-French professional basketball player. In 2002, he underwent a kidney transplant operation. He is 1.98 m (6 ft 6 in) in height. He plays mainly at the shooting guard position, but he can also play at the point guard and small forward positions. He played with the Milton Keynes Lions Basketball Club until he was released in January 2011.
College career.
After playing high school basketball at St. John Bosco High School in Bellflower, California, Gardner played college basketball at the University of California. However, when his parents became disenchanted with their son's lack of playing time, they revealed to the NCAA that Todd Bozeman, Cal's head coach, had paid them about $30,000 over a two-year period so his parents could attend Jelani's games. After the scandal broke, Gardner transferred to Pepperdine. Bozeman was ultimately forced to resign and effectively blackballed from the college ranks until 2005, and Cal was forced to forfeit every game in which Gardner played (the entire 1994-95 season and all but two games of the 1995-96 season).
Pro career.
A blood test as part of a pre-NBA Draft physical examination in 1995 revealed that Gardner had kidney disease further hurting his NBA draft stock.
Gardner played professionally with clubs such as Maccabi Rishon, the Grand Rapids Hoops, the Fort Wayne Fury, the Hamburg Tigers, the Roanoke Dazzle, Reims, Krka Novo Mesto, ESPE Basket Châlons-en-Champagne, AS Golbey-Epinal, Universitet Yugra Surgut, Trikala 2000 in his professional career.
Finally, in 2002, after playing with kidney disease for 7 years, Gardner's disease reached the critical stage and he received a kidney transplant from his mother that year.

</doc>
<doc id="19872962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872962" title="Towers of Darkover">
Towers of Darkover

Towers of Darkover is an anthology of fantasy and science fiction short stories edited by Marion Zimmer Bradley. The stories are set in Bradley's world of Darkover. The book was first published by DAW Books (No. 919) in July, 1993.

</doc>
<doc id="19872966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872966" title="Wazir Ali Khan">
Wazir Ali Khan

Wazir Ali Khan (, )(b. c. 1780 – d. c. 1817) 
was the fourth nawab wazir of Oudh from 21 September 1797 to 21 January 1798, and the son of Muhammad Nasir.
Life.
He was adopted the son of Asaf-Ud-Dowlah, who although keeping a harem of 500 women had no legitimate son. He purchased the pregnant daughter of a servant. Enchanted by the boy he adopted and pampered him. At 13 years of age Ali, who was known to have a cruel streak, was married at the cost of £ 300000 in Lucknow.
After the death of his "father" in September 1797 he ascended to the throne ("musnud"), with support of the British. Within four months they accused him of being unfaithful. Sir John Shore (1751–1834) then moved in with 12 battalions and replaced him with his uncle Saadat Ali Khan II. 
Ali was granted a pension of 20,000 Rupies and removed to Benares. The government in Calcutta decided that he should be removed further from his former realm. Cherry, a British resident, relayed this order to him on 14 February 1799 during a breakfast invitation at which Ali had appeared with an armed guard. During the ensuing argument Cherry abused and ignored Ali's request which resulted in Ali striking Cherry a blow with his sabre, whereupon the guards killed the resident and two more Europeans. They then set out to attack the house of Davis, another colonial officer. He defended himself on the staircase of his house until rescued by British troops.
Subsequently Ali assembled a rebellious army of several thousand men. A quickly assembled force commanded by General Erskine moved into Benares and "restored order" by the 21st. Ali fled into Rajputana and was granted asylum by the Raja of Jeypore. On request of Arthur Wellesley, Earl of Mornington, the raja turned Ali over to the British on the condition that he neither be hanged nor be put in fetters.
The colonial government complied with this: Ali spent the rest of life - 17 years - in an iron cage in Fort Williams of Calcutta. He was buried in the Muslim graveyard of "Casia Baguan."

</doc>
<doc id="19872969" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872969" title="The Intelligencer">
The Intelligencer

The Intelligencer can refer to the following newspapers:

</doc>
<doc id="19872971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872971" title="Cherry Blossoms (film)">
Cherry Blossoms (film)

Cherry Blossoms () is a 2008 German film directed by Doris Dörrie. This film, starring Elmar Wepper, Hannelore Elsner and Aya Irizuki, tells the story of Rudi: terminally ill, he travels to Japan after the sudden death of his wife Trudi – in order to make up for missed opportunities in life.
Plot.
The story culminates in a pilgrimage to Mount Fuji in the midst of the cherry blossom season, a celebration of beauty, impermanence, and new beginnings.
Trudi (Hannelore Elsner) and Rudi (Elmar Wepper) are an affectionate, long-married couple whose children have grown up and moved away. They live in a small Bavarian village. Trudi learns that her husband is terminally ill. The doctor suggests a final adventure, which the two wanted to have for some time, but never managed.
Trudi decides to keep the disease secret from Rudi. She manages to convince him to visit their children and grandchildren in Berlin. But when they arrive, they realize that their children are too busy with their own lives to take care of the parents. Then they decide to drive to the Baltic Sea. But there, Trudi suddenly dies. Rudi is thrown completely off track and doesn't know how to go on. After he learns from a his daughter's girlfriend that Trudi has actually sacrificed her life out of love for him, he starts to see his dead wife with new eyes.
Rudi tries to make up for the loss of his wife. As her secret passions were Japan and the Japanese Butoh dance expression, Rudi travels to visit his son in Tokyo. As the situation gets too claustrophobic, his son wishes his father to go away. Then Rudi goes to a park full of cherry blossoms. He meets an eighteen-year-old Japanese girl named Yu (Aya Irizuki). She catches his eyes because she dances Butoh there every day. Yu lives in a tent and has lost her mother only a year ago, so she understands Rudi's feelings. She helps him get by in the big city. Despite the language barrier – they have to speak English – and huge cultural differences, they soon get along very well. Since Trudi has always talked about how much she wanted to see the sacred Mount Fuji, Rudi persuades his new companion to travel there together with him. Mount Fuji is so "shy" that it constantly hides behind clouds, so they put up in a hotel room beside a lake and wait for better weather. Rudi's health is deteriorating. One day, when he wakes up in the night restlessly and stands in front of the door, the mighty Mount Fuji greets him in the bright moonlight. Rudi lies down on the clothes of his wife, puts on make-up like a Japanese dancer, and begins to imitate the slow movements of Butoh at the lakeside. In his last vision, his dead wife appears to him and holds his hand. Then they unite to create a dance before the sublime backdrop of mountain and water. The next morning, when Yu sees Rudi's empty bed, she looks for him and finally finds him dead on the shore of the lake. In his luggage, there is a parcel written "For You, Yu". Inside the parcel, Rudi has left her his life savings.
Two contrasting scenes precede the conclusion of the film: On the one hand, in a solemn cremation ceremony, his son and Yu are balancing the remaining ashes of Rudi's bones with chopsticks in a Japanese urn. On the other hand, the last scene but one is a table discussion by his children out of complete misunderstanding of their father – their indignation at his grumpiness and adventures with Yu, and his scandalous soft spot for Trudi's clothes.
The final scene is of Yu again dancing Butoh with her pink telephone in the park.

</doc>
<doc id="19872981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872981" title="Terra Deflorata">
Terra Deflorata

Terra Deflorata was an album by Czesław Niemen released in 1989 and re-released in 1991 on CD as Extended Version.
Track listening.
All lyrics by Czesław Niemen.

</doc>
<doc id="19872983" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872983" title="1969 Uber Cup">
1969 Uber Cup

The 1969 Uber Cup was the fifth edition of the Uber Cup, the women's badminton team competition. The tournament took place in the 1968-1969 badminton season, 18 countries competed. Japan won its second title in the Uber Cup, after beating the Indonesia team in the Final Round in Tokyo, Japan.
Teams.
18 teams from 4 regions took part in the competition. As defending champion, Japan skipped the qualifications and played directly in the final round of the "inter-zone" ties (team matches), effectively the semifinals of the tournament. 
From the qualifying rounds, four countries progressed to the inter-zone ties. From the Australasian zone, Indonesia advanced to the next round after beating Australia 7-0. From the Asian zone the Thailand team beat South Korea 5-2. In the European zone final England defeated East Germany 6-1. From the Pan American zone, United States advanced to the inter-zone ties after beating Canada 5-2 and getting a walkover from Peru.
Final round.
Japan won its second consecutive Uber Cup final, having won the tournament in 1966. The Indonesian women won just one of seven matches. That winner was Minarni who beat the reigning All England champion Hiroe Yuki.

</doc>
<doc id="19872984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19872984" title="The Intelligencer &amp; Wheeling News Register">
The Intelligencer &amp; Wheeling News Register

"The Intelligencer" and "Wheeling News Register" are combined daily newspapers under common ownership in Wheeling, West Virginia owned by Ogden Newspapers. The "Intelligencer" is published weekday mornings and Saturdays, while the "News-Register" is published weekday afternoons and Sundays.
<br clear=right>

</doc>
<doc id="19873001" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873001" title="La Bien-aimée">
La Bien-aimée

La Bien-aimée is a 1967 French television drama directed by Jacques Doniol-Valcroze. It was based on short story "Fanny" by Lucie Faure who wrote screenplay. The music score is by Maurice Leroux. The production designer was Jean d'Eaubonne and the cinematographer was Sacha Vierny.

</doc>
<doc id="19873005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873005" title="Confederate effect">
Confederate effect

In artificial intelligence, the confederate effect is the phenomenon of a human being considered a machine from their textual discourse during practical Turing tests staged in the Loebner Prize for artificial intelligence.
It is the reverse of the ELIZA effect, which Sherry Turkle states is "our more general tendency to treat responsive computer programmers as more intelligent than they really are" and the cause to "very small amounts of interactivity", causing humans to "project own complexity onto the undeserving object".
In the first Loebner Prize for artificial intelligence, in 1991, which deployed restricted conversational one-to-one Turing imitation games, each interrogator chatted to one artificial conversational entity (ACE) at a time, a female confederate or hidden-human, about William Shakespeare. The phenomenon was seen in the University of Surrey 2003 Loebner Prize for Artificial Intelligence, when both hidden-humans, one male and one female, were each ranked as machine by at least one judge: Judge 7 and Judge 9 ranked the female 'confederate 2' as "1.00=definitely a machine"; the male 'confederate 1' was ranked "1.00=definitely a machine" by Judge 4 and Judge 9. The gender of these two hidden-humans were incorrectly identified (male considered female; woman considered man) in independent transcript analysis ('gender-blurring' phenomenon, see Shah & Henry, 2005).\
References.
1. * 

</doc>
<doc id="19873016" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873016" title="PADICAT">
PADICAT

PADICAT acronym for "Patrimoni Digital de Catalunya", in Catalan; or Digital Heritage of Catalonia, in English, is the Web Archive of Catalonia.
Created in 2005 by the Biblioteca de Catalunya, the public institution responsible for collecting, preserving and distributing the bibliographic heritage, and the digital heritage by extension. Has the technological collaboration of the Center for Scientific and Academic Services of Catalonia, (CESCA) for preserving and giving access to old versions of web pages published on the Internet. The Biblioteca de Catalunya, as the responsible of PADICAT, is member of the International Internet Preservation Consortium (IIPC).
History.
PADICAT was born in 2005 following the trend of other national libraries on web archives creation, and as an answer to the publication of the guidelines for the preservation of digital heritage by the UNESCO.
There are many web archives running. The most famous began in 1996: the Swedish Kulturarw3; the Australian Pandora, and the most popular repository, Internet Archive. 
The analysis of these and other projects, made way to the planning of PADICAT project, following the common trend around the world of a hybrid model of functioning, complementing the regular capture of a whole geographical domain (.cat domain in this case), with selective actions, and expand these coverage to different social events that generate an intense activity in the network (electoral campaigns, for instance) or with thematic packages (museums of Catalonia, Catalan folk-rock on the web, etc.). PADICAT complements all this with users contributions through the recommended webs.
In June 2005, the Biblioteca de Catalunya started the preliminary phase, of planning, in which a projects analysis was performed about existing resources, agents involved in production of web pages of Catalonia and legal issues that determine practices that want to do.
Based on parameters defined by the Biblioteca de Catalunya, on July 21, 2006, began to collect automatically websites likely to be part of the digital heritage of Catalonia. On September 11, 2006, coinciding with celebration of National Day of Catalonia, PADICAT website was opened to the public, with about thirty web pages stored.
The 2006–08 period represents production phase, project plan pilot, PADICAT operation phase: systematic capture of web pages of Catalonia.
The 2009–2011 period, Biblioteca de Catalunya should be in an optimum position, whereby this system -a pioneer in Spain and a benchmark in Europe- operates at full capacity. Furthermore, have reached cooperation agreements with moret han 450 institutions of all kinds and has warranted online open access to all collection.
On September 11, 2011, coinciding again with the National Day of Catalonia and with the fifth anniversary of its website, PADICAT has opened a new website version to access all deposited contents.
In November 2012, PADICAT has preserved 58,122 webs, 249.609 crawls, 349 million files and 13 TB of disk space. All of them are freely available.
Mission and functioning.
Mission and objectives.
The mission of PADICAT is to harvest, to process and to provide access to digital heritage of Catalonia born on the Internet.
Its objectives are:
After its birth (2005-2006), growth (2007-2008) and consolidation (2009-2011) phases, since 2012 is wanted to systematize its capacity for growth, with the goal of incorporating 75.700 versions of about 32.000 web sites per year, from:
In addition, there are four permanent work areas:
Functioning.
Software.
PADICAT is a system based on the implementation of several software that allow web pages to be collected, stored, organized, preserved and permanently accessed. Later to analysis phase and software test was determined that be used Heritrix software, applied in most capture of digital resources projects. This is a software charge to compile web pages as the user sees when surf the Internet and store it in compressed files with ARC or WARC extension. Then, Heritrix software is complemented by NutchWax, or by combination with Hadoop and Wayback, doing an indexing process to compiled information that will permit use these index for localize collection resources from query interfaces: Wera, that permits search from keywords through generated indexes by NutchWax; and Wayback, that lets consult by URL in generated indexes by Hadoop and same Wayback.
Has been used Web Curator Tool software, developed by National Library of New Zealand and British Library, as a document management system that permits allocate metadata to a significant part of collection, in order to integrate, in future, funds of deposit to search in other catalogs, from the Biblioteca de Catalunya or other institutions. Nowadays, websites are being cataloged through CAT, a software expressly developed by CESCA technicians for the project.
Hardware.
With regard to hardware that maintains system, there are six nodes HP ProLiant DL360 G4p, charge to collection and indexation tasks of web pages. In charge of results searching and viewing in web interface there is Linux cluster high-availability, with balance features of requests loads and error tolerance if there is a technical disaster of nodes that integrate platform. NetApp FAS3170 cabin presents 19TB of disk capacity via NFS to these nodes.
Nodes are connected with fibre to a Storage Area Network (SAN) and is complemented with saving system of data backup robot.
Is expected to include the deposited contents in PADICAT to COFRE (COnservem per al Futur Recursos Electrònics), a high security preservation system created for the Biblioteca de Catalunya

</doc>
<doc id="19873017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873017" title="Charles Maries">
Charles Maries

Charles Maries (18 December 1851 – 11 October 1902) was an English botanist and plant collector who was sent by James Veitch & Sons of Chelsea, London to search for new hardy plants in Japan, China and Taiwan between 1877 and 1879; there he discovered over 500 new species, which Veitch introduced to England. Amongst his finds, several bear his name, including "Abies mariesii", "Davallia mariesii", "Hydrangea macrophylla" "Mariesii", "Platycodon grandiflorus" "Mariesii" and "Viburnum plicatum" "Mariesii".
Early life.
Maries was born in Hampton Lucy, Warwickshire, the youngest of five sons born to George and Mary Maries. His father was the boot- and shoe-maker for the village, as was his grandfather, Thomas Maries. He was educated at the Hampton Lucy Grammar School, where he learnt about plants from the Reverend George Henslow, who was headmaster between 1861 and 1865. Reverend Henslow went on to become the Royal Horticultural Society's Professor of Botany. 
Of his brothers, Frederick (the eldest brother) and George followed their father and became cordwainers and shoe-makers, while Henry became a music teacher at Stratford-upon-Avon. The fourth brother, Richard, also had a strong interest in plants and he set up as a florist and nurseryman in Lytham, Lancashire. When their father died in 1869, Charles moved to Lytham to work at Richard's nursery.
James Veitch & Sons.
After seven years working with Richard, Charles joined James Veitch & Sons of Chelsea, London in 1876, then one of the largest nurseries in Britain. According to ""Hortus Veitchii"", ""he proved to be an industrious and steady workman"" and he was soon promoted to foreman. His knowledge of Japanese and Chinese plants led to him being invited by Harry Veitch to ""undertake an exploring expedition to the Far East, the object of which was to obtain seeds of the coniferous trees of Japan, and to explore the great Yangtsze valley of China"".
He left for Shanghai on 1 February 1877, calling at Hong Kong and Ningbo (where he visited the mountains previously explored by Robert Fortune) en route and then went on to Japan, arriving at Nagasaki on 20 April. After visiting local gardens, he left Nagasaki, for Shimonoseki, and then, by way of the Inland Sea, Osaka and Kyoto, reached Yokohama, where he visited the nurseries of which Fortune had written in such glowing terms, although Maries was disappointed with what he saw.
From Yokohama and Tokyo, Maries proceeded overland to Nikkō and thence to Aomori, the northernmost port of the main island. According to the account in ""Hortus Veitchii"", whilst waiting at Aomori for a steamer to convey him to Hakodate on the island of Hokkaidō: Maries noticed a conifer new to him growing in a garden, and learnt that it could be found in quantity on a neighbouring mountain. He went in search, and had reached a height of 3,500 ft., when it became obvious that the bamboo scrub formed an impassable barrier on that side of the mountain, and he reluctantly had to turn back, although the object of his search could plainly be seen. The following day he again made the ascent, but this time from the north side, and he succeeded in procuring cones of a new species, since named by Dr. Masters, "Abies mariesii".
Nearby, Maries also re-discovered "Abies sachalinensis", which had previously been identified by Carl Friedrich Schmidt, a German botanical traveller, on the Russian island of Sakhalin in 1866, but had not been introduced to Europe. 
Maries crossed to Hakodate on 20 June 1877 where he collected seeds of the beautiful "Azalea rollisoni" ("Rhododendron indicum balsaminseflorum") which he dispatched to the Veitch Nurseries at Chelsea. He also sent back "Styrax obassia", which was common on the volcanic slopes of the north island. Maries then continued to Sapporo; from the thickly wooded and mountainous districts in the neighbourhood, Maries sent back to England seeds of "Abies yessoensis" and "Daphniphyllum glaucescens", as well as many maples and climbers, including "Schizophragma hydrangeoides" and "Actinidia kolomikta".
From Sapporo he travelled by way of Chitose and Yūbetsu, visiting Urakawa and Samani. Near Samani, he discovered the pretty little "Dracocephalum ruyschiana" and obtained seed to send to Chelsea. Making Horoizumi, on Cape Erimo, his head-quarters, Maries stayed in Hokkaidō from June to October 1877, exploring the mountains and making extensive entomological and botanical collections. Whilst exploring the forests of Hokkaido and the Hidaka Mountains, he discovered "Platycodon grandiflorus" and "Acer nikoense". 
Prior to his departure, he arranged for his collection to be taken by boat to Hakodate, to be sent on to England. The boat was laden with seaweed, which caused the ship to run aground; the box containing the seeds was transferred to another boat, which capsized and sank and the seed collection was lost. Fortunately, Maries had sufficient time to retrace his tracks and he managed to replace most of the missing seeds, which were successfully dispatched to London.
He left Hokkaidō on board the "H.M.S. Modeste", arriving at Niigata, on the western coast of the main island, in December 1877, and travelled overland to Yokohama. On Christmas Day 1877, Maries left Yokohama for Hong Kong, arriving on 2 January 1878, and sailed a few days later for the island of Formosa (now Taiwan). He found penetrating the interior of the island difficult, and was only able to find a small amount of material, including seed of a new species of Lilium.
Maries then returned to Shanghai, on mainland China, from where, in the spring of 1878, he visited Zhenjiang, Jiujiang and nearby Mount Lushan, where he discovered a white form of "Daphne genkwa" as well as "Hamamelis mollis", "Pseudolarix amabilis", "Rhododendron fortunei" and "Loropetalum chinense". In the Lushan Mountains, Maries visited the Temple of Teen Cha where he saw magnificent trees of "Larix kaempferi", "Cryptomeria japonica" and "Liriodendron chinense", as well as "Lilium lancifolium formosanum". On this trip Maries suffered severely from sunstroke and returned to the coast. Whilst in China, Maries re-discovered "Acer davidii", which had been originally discovered by Père Armand David when there as a missionary.
After spending the summer of 1878 back in Japan, where he collected seeds of conifers, he returned to China in December, basing himself at Hankou on the Yangtze River. In the early spring of 1879, he set off for Yichang, 800 miles higher up the river. In the gorges of Ichang, Maries found "Primula obconica", and sent seed to Chelsea. Because of his unwillingness to understand the Chinese and his unstable temperament, they made life so miserable for him it was necessary for him to leave. He incurred their enmity to such a degree that they destroyed virtually everything that he had collected. According to Hortus Veitchii, ""he was not sufficiently gentle, and was often threatened and occasionally robbed of his baggage"".
By the summer of 1879, he was back in Japan – on this trip seeds of many Japanese oaks were gathered and the beautiful dwarf bamboos, including the Square Bamboo, which he successfully introduced to England.
Maries returned to England in February 1880, when his herbarium was sent to the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew and his collection of insects was accepted by the British Museum.
India.
Maries had left England before 1881 (his name does not appear in the 1881 census) to take up employment in India and in 1882, he was recommended by Sir Joseph Hooker to the post of Superintendent of the gardens of the Maharajah of Darbhanga, where he laid out the very extensive grounds which surround the palaces. 
He subsequently entered the service of the Maharajah Scindia of Gwalior, and again laid out the palace gardens. He remained superintendent of both the palace gardens and the Gwalior State Gardens until his death on 11 October 1902.
While working in India, Maries became an expert on mangoes, studying the texture, flavour, colour, history and location of mangoes that grew both wild and in cultivation. He wrote and illustrated a manuscript entitled "Cultivated Mangoes of India" but it was never published and is now in the archive at the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew.
Honours.
Amongst the many honours he obtained in his lifetime, he was elected Fellow of the Linnean Society in 1877, and in 1897 was one of the first sixty recipients of the Royal Horticultural Society's Victoria Medal of Honour. Other inaugural recipients were his childhood tutor, the Reverend George Henslow.
Hampton Lucy, where Maries was born, has created the "Charles Maries Trail" featuring samples of many of the plants he discovered and introduced to England. The trail was opened on 30 July 2005 by Dr David Gray OBE, Director of Horticulture, Education & Science for the Royal Horticultural Society.
Family and personal life.
On 19 November 1881, he married Martha Maria Kerr, whose sister, Mary Haworth Kerr, was his brother Richard's wife. Martha had been born in Lytham in 1850 and travelled out to India to join him. They were married at St John's Church, Calcutta and went on to have three children; Francis, Mildred and Jasper, all of whom were born in India. Charles died on 11 October 1902 from a kidney stone – Martha survived him and lived until March 1936, dying in Edmonton, London aged 85.
According to Hortus Veitchii, ""Maries had enthusiasm, but lacked "staying" power: he was musical, much to the delight of the Japanese peasants, and doubtless this must often have helped the work: he was a skilled shot, as the bucks on the domains of the Maharajah Scindia learnt to their cost when Maries was living in the country of the Mahrattas.""
Plant introductions.
Maries is credited with discovering over 500 new species which he introduced to England. Amongst these were:

</doc>
<doc id="19873025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873025" title="Hengli Railway Station">
Hengli Railway Station

Hengli is a railway station in Hengli, Dongguan, Guangdong, China. It is a station on the Guangshen Railway and managed by the Guangshen Railway Company. It was built in 1911, and is currently a class 4 station on the national railway station scale.

</doc>
<doc id="19873039" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873039" title="Portmarnock Golf Club">
Portmarnock Golf Club

Portmarnock Golf Club was established in 1894, and lies just North of Dublin, in Portmarnock, Fingal, Ireland. The course was laid out by William Pickeman on land owned by the distiller John Jameson, and originally consisted of just 9 holes, with another nine being added two years later.
Portmarnock was the venue for the first Irish Open in 1927, and has hosted the tournament on many occasions since, including 13 following its revival in 1975. Many other important golf tournaments have been held at the club, including the British Amateur Championship in 1949, the Walker Cup in 1991, and the Canada Cup in 1960.
The club has been at the centre of controversy, by continuing to bar women from becoming members. In 2003 the Equality Authority of Ireland brought a successful discrimination case in the Dublin District Court under which the club's drinks licence was suspended for 7 days. The finding was overturned in the High Court in 2005, and again in the Supreme Court in 2009, allowing the club to keep its men-only policy.
To play Portmarnock will cost between €145 and €175 per person. These are rates published at various online tee time websites and are July 2012 prices.
Portmarnock was voted the second best golf course in Ireland as featured in Golf Digest Ireland November 2011 edition.

</doc>
<doc id="19873046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873046" title="Defensible space">
Defensible space

Defensible space may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19873052" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873052" title="Steven Freeman">
Steven Freeman

Steven Freeman may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19873054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873054" title="The Jackson Sun">
The Jackson Sun

The Jackson Sun is a daily newspaper published in Jackson, Tennessee, and is one of western Tennessee's major newspapers, delivered to 13 counties. The newspaper is owned by Gannett. Its history dates back over 150 years.

</doc>
<doc id="19873060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873060" title="Nanshe Railway Station">
Nanshe Railway Station

Nanshe is a railway station in the village of Nanshe, Dongguan, Guangdong, China. It is a station on the Guangshen Railway and is managed by the Guangshen Railway Company. It was built in 1911, and is currently a class 5 station on the national railway station scale.

</doc>
<doc id="19873061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873061" title="1999 Minnesota Lynx season">
1999 Minnesota Lynx season

The 1999 WNBA season was the first in franchise history.

</doc>
<doc id="19873066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873066" title="Marion Zimmer Bradley's Darkover">
Marion Zimmer Bradley's Darkover

"Marion Zimmer Bradley's Darkover" is a collection of fantasy and science fiction short stories by Marion Zimmer Bradley. The stories are set in Bradley's world of Darkover. The book was first published by DAW Books (No. 929) in October, 1993. 
The stories are divided into four sections, each preceded by a brief overview of Bradley's thoughts on that category's main subject(s). Some of the stories were previously unpublished, notably the "Hilary" stories that had been intended as drafts for a proposed novel about the character Hilary Castamir. Other stories in this collection originally appeared in previous Darkover anthologies edited by Bradley, although not all of her previous anthology contributions are reprinted here.

</doc>
<doc id="19873073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873073" title="Defensible space (fire control)">
Defensible space (fire control)

Defensible Space, (sometimes called 'firescaping'), in the context of fire control, is the natural and landscaped area around a structure that has been maintained and designed to reduce fire danger, sometimes called 'Firescaping'. "Defensible space" is also used in the context of wildfires, especially in the wildland-urban interface (WUI). This defensible space reduces the risk that fire will spread from the surroundings to the structure and provides firefighters access and a safer area to defend it from. Firefighters sometimes do not attempt to protect structures without adequate defensible space, as it is less safe and less likely to succeed.
Landscape use.
The term Defensible Space in landscape ('firescape') use refers to the zone surrounding a structure. Often the location is in the wildland-urban interface. This area need not be devoid of vegetation by using naturally fire resistive plants that are spaced, pruned and trimmed, and irrigated, to minimize the fuel mass available to ignite and also to hamper the spread of a fire.
An important component is ongoing maintenance of the fire-resistant landscaping for reduced fuel loads and fire fighting access. Fire resistive plants that are not maintained can desiccate, die, or amass deadwood debris, and become fire assistive. Irrigation systems and pruning can help maintain a plant's fire resistance. Maintaining access roads and driveways clear of side and low-hanging vegetation can allow large fire equipment to reach properties and structures.
Some agencies recommend clearing combustible vegetation at minimum horizontal 10 ft from roads and driveways a vertical of 13 ft 6 inches above them. Considering the plant material involved is important to not create unintended consequences to habitat integrity and unnecessary aesthetic issues. Street signs, and homes clearly identified with the numerical address, assist access also.
Unintended consequences.
The unintended negative consequences of erosion and native habitat loss can result from some unskillful defensible space applications. The disturbance of the soil surface, such as garden soil cultivation in and firebreaks beyond native landscape zones areas destroy the native plant cover and expose open soil, accelerating invasive species of plants ('invasive exotics') spreading and replacing native habitats.
In suburban and wildland-urban interface areas the vegetation clearance and brush removal ordinances of municipalities for defensible space can result in mistaken excessive clearcutting of native and non-invasive introduced shrubs and perennials that exposes the soil to more light and less competition for invasive plant species, and also erosion and landslides. Negative aesthetic consequences to natural and landscape areas can be minimized with integrated and balanced defensible space practices.

</doc>
<doc id="19873079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873079" title="Chashan Railway Station">
Chashan Railway Station

Chashan (Chinese: 茶山站) is a railway station in Chashan, Dongguan, Guangdong, China. It is a station on the Guangshen Railway managed by the Guangshen Railway Company. It was built in 1911 and is currently a class 4 station on the national railway station scale.

</doc>
<doc id="19873085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873085" title="Arthur Arnold">
Arthur Arnold

Sir (Robert) Arthur Arnold (28 May 1833 – 20 May 1902) was a British Liberal politician and author.
Biography.
He was the third son of Robert Coles Arnold, a justice of the peace of Framfield, Sussex, and was the younger brother of the poet, Edwin Arnold, and was born in Gravesend, Kent He was educated privately and trained as a surveyor and land agent.
In 1861 he was involved in the surveying operations prior to the construction of the Thames Embankment. Two years later he was appointed under Public Works (Manufacturing Districts) Act as an Assistant Commissioner (and later Inspector) of Public Works in Lancashire, during the Cotton Famine, and subsequently wrote "A History of the Cotton Famine". In his spare time he was a writer, and published two "sensation" novels: "Ralph, or St Sepulchre's and St Stephen's" (1863) and "Hever Court" (1867). He made a tour of southern and eastern Europe in 1867, and became a strong supporter of the Kingdom of Greece a position he set out in "From the Levant". In 1873 he was awarded the Golden Cross of the Order of the Saviour of Greece. 
In 1867 he married Amelia Elizabeth Hyde of Castle Hyde, County Cork. They had no children. His wife was a campaigner for women's suffrage and a prominent public figure in her own right.
He was a member of the Radical faction of the Liberal Party, and in 1868 was the first editor of "The Echo", a Liberal evening paper. In 1873 was an unsuccessful candidate for a by-election at Huntingdon. In 1875 soon after the sale of the "Echo" to Albert Grant, Arnold resigned his editorship and journeyed through the Middle East with his wife. He published an account of the thousand-mile journey in 1877 as "Through Persia by Caravan". In 1878 he published a collection of his political writings as "Social Politics". Among causes he supported were disestablishment of the Church of England, land law reform, reform of local government in The Metropolis, nationalisation of railways, women's suffrage and support for the temperance movement.
In 1880 he was elected as one of two members of parliament for Salford, with the Liberals gaining both seats at the expense of the Conservatives. The Redistribution of Seats Act 1885 split the parliamentary borough of Salford into three single-member divisions, and Arnold stood unsuccessfully for the new Salford North constituency in 1885 and 1886. At the 1892 general election he stood at Dorset North, but again failed to be elected.
On the creation of the London County Council in 1889, Arnold was elected as a county alderman, and was chairman of the council from 1895 - 1897. He was knighted in 1895. He was also a Deputy Lieutenant and Justice of the Peace for the County of London, and a Board of Trade Harbour Commissioner and JP for Dartmouth.
He beliefs were reflected in his presidency of the Free Land League and his membership of the London Anti-Vivisection Society.
Sir Arthur Arnold died suddenly at his Kensington, London, home in May 1902, aged 68.

</doc>
<doc id="19873089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873089" title="The Horrorist (comics)">
The Horrorist (comics)

The Horrorist was an occult and horror-themed comic book limited series written by Jamie Delano, with art by David Lloyd. It was a spin-off of Vertigo's popular "Hellblazer" series. The book consisted of two 52-page issues without advertisements, published in December 1995 and January 1996 respectively.
Plot.
The story revolves around Angel, who as a young girl was rescued from war-torn Mozambique, and who witnessed the most unspeakable war crimes and atrocities. As an adult, in the present day, Angel becomes a "Horrorist", that is, someone who redistributes pain by unveiling to people the suffering of others. She travels America's roadways, annihilating people's solipsistic existence by exposing them to the unfettered scope of true oppression, famine and murder. Sometimes this takes the form of altered reality, such as several boys playing in the snow dying from landmines that were not there earlier. 
Demonologist John Constantine is drawn to Angel, both sexually and psychologically, mostly out of a hope that she can penetrate his emotional numbness. While they have sex, Angel fills Constantine's mind with all the suffering in the world, emptying herself, which ultimately restores a bit of Constantine's lost humanity at the apparent cost of her life.
Collected editions.
"The Horrorist" was collected along with "Hellblazer" #10–13, and "The Hellblazer Annual" as "The Devil You Know" (ISBN 1-40121-269-7).

</doc>
<doc id="19873110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873110" title="Dostana">
Dostana

Dostana is a word in Hindi / Urdu meaning "Friendship". It is also the title of two Bollywood movies.

</doc>
<doc id="19873149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873149" title="Ramshorn Dude Ranch Lodge">
Ramshorn Dude Ranch Lodge

The Ramshorn Dude Ranch Lodge in Grand Teton National Park was built after 1935 by mountaineers Paul Petzoldt, founder of the National Outdoor Leadership School, and Gustav Koven. The property that became the Ramshorn Ranch was originally established by Ransom Adams at the mouth of Gros Ventre Canyon near Ditch Creek. By 1921 the property was acquired by Jack and Dollye Woodsman, who established the Flying V dude ranch, featuring a large central lodge. In 1932 the lodge burned, prompting the Woodsmans to sell the ranch to Koven and Petzoldt in 1935, who planned to expand the dude ranch as a climbing school and hunting camp. Petzoldt withdrew from the partnership in 1937 after suggesting the name be changed to the Ramshorn Ranch. The present lodge was completed in 1937 by the Woodward brothers, who took over operation. A variety of owners and partners ensued until 1956, when the ranch was sold to the National Park Service. The Park Service then leased the ranch back to concessioners who operated it as the Elbo Ranch until 1973, replacing the former Elbo Ranch purchased by the Park Service. The Teton Science School was established on the property in 1974 under a special use permit.
The lodge is now the main building of the Kelly Campus of the Teton Science School, and retains its rustic character. Structures from the nearby Hunter Hereford Ranch designed by Ogden, Utah architect Eber Piers were moved from the Hunter ranch when the Hunter residential complex was removed in the 1990s. The Ramshorn was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on August 19, 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="19873151" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873151" title="Riva Palacio">
Riva Palacio

Riva Palacio may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19873165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873165" title="Privates on Parade">
Privates on Parade

Privates on Parade: A Play with Songs in Two Acts is a 1977 farce by English playwright Peter Nichols (book and lyrics), with music by Denis King.
Plot.
The play is set around the activities and exploits of the fictional Song and Dance Unit South East Asia (SADUSEA), a mostly gay British military concert party stationed in Singapore and Malaysia in the late 1940s during the Malayan Emergency. The drama draws upon Nichols' own experiences in the real-life Combined Services Entertainment, the postwar successor to ENSA, Entertainments National Service Association.
Productions.
It was premiered at Stratford by the Royal Shakespeare Company, before receiving its London première at the Aldwych Theatre on 17 February 1977, where it ran for 208 performances. This production won the 1977 Laurence Olivier Award for Best New Comedy.
It was revived in 1979 at the Derby Playhouse, and again in 1982 with Bruce Payne as Flight Sergeant Kevin Cartwright and Tim Barlow. A 2001 revival directed by Michael Grandage at the Donmar Warehouse had a cast including Roger Allam, James McAvoy, Malcolm Sinclair and Indira Varma, set design by Christopher Oram and choreography by Scarlett Mackmin. Allam received the 2002 Laurence Olivier Award for Best Actor for his performance.
In 2012 it was staged at the Noel Coward Theatre in London as the opening production of the first season of work from the newly formed Michael Grandage Company, with Simon Russell Beale in the lead.
Film adaptation.
The play was adapted by Nichols and Handmade Films for a 1982 film with John Cleese, David Bamber, and Denis Quilley directed by Michael Blakemore.

</doc>
<doc id="19873185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873185" title="Ringetsu">
Ringetsu

The album features "Hitori Jouzu", a song released as a lead single in October 1980 and became her second top-ten hit on the Japanese Oricon (since her 1977 chart-topper "The Parting Song").
"Month of Parturition" topped the Japanese albums chart for two weeks, and marked the number-six on the country's year-end chart of 1981. Also in December 1981, the album received honor of winning the 23rd Japan Record Awards for "Album Best 10", a category acclaimed the ten most magnificent long-playing records.
Along with a follow-up "Kansuigyo" released in the following year, "Month of Parturition" has been one of her best-selling non-compilation albums to date, selling over 590,000 copies.
Track listing.
All songs written and composed by Miyuki Nakajima.

</doc>
<doc id="19873203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873203" title="Swarthmore High School">
Swarthmore High School

Swarthmore High School was a four-year public high school in Swarthmore, Pennsylvania serving the Boroughs of Swarthmore and Rutledge. 
Swarthmore established its own independent school district when Swarthmore Borough incorporated in 1893. The Swarthmore and Rutledge School Districts merged in 1955. In 1971 the Swarthmore-Rutledge District merged with adjacent Nether Providence School District to create the Wallingford-Swarthmore School District. 
Swarthmore High School became Strath Haven High School when it merged with Nether Providence High School in 1984. Swarthmore students were moved to Nether Providence High School. 
The building that was Swarthmore High School is now the Swarthmore Rutledge School, an elementary school in the Wallingford-Swarthmore School District.

</doc>
<doc id="19873217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873217" title="Honghai Railway Station">
Honghai Railway Station

Honghai is a railway station in Zengcheng, Guangdong, China. It is on the Guangshen Railway and managed by the Guangshen Railway Company. It was built in 1989 and is now a class 4 station on the national railway station scale.

</doc>
<doc id="19873225" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873225" title="Wachapreague Channel">
Wachapreague Channel

The Wachapreague Channel is an inlet on the Eastern Shore of the state of Virginia in the United States. 
The channel winds from the town of Wachapreague, Virginia, through a seaside marsh, and out to barrier islands. Between Cedar Island and Parramore Island it reaches the Atlantic Ocean.
Easy access from the town of Wachapreague to the marsh and ocean makes the Wachapreague Channel a popular transit route for fishermen.
The name of the channel came from the Algonquian people who resided in the area centuries ago. 
The United States Navy motor torpedo boat tender USS "Wachapreague" (AGP-8), which was in commission from 1943 to 1946 and saw action in World War II, was named for the channel.

</doc>
<doc id="19873229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873229" title="Conopini">
Conopini

Conopini is a tribe of the fly family Conopidae. The larvae of species are parasitic on bees, especially bumblebees. Most adults will feed on nectar.

</doc>
<doc id="19873232" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873232" title="Birjis Qadra">
Birjis Qadra

Berjis Qadr (, ) (c. 1845 – Aug 14,1893) was the son of Wajid Ali Shah and was last, Padshah-e Awadh, Shah-e Zaman.
He and his supporters were one of the rebels of 1857 Mutiny after which he was deposed.

</doc>
<doc id="19873235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873235" title="Institute of Electronic Music and Acoustics">
Institute of Electronic Music and Acoustics

The Institute of Electronic Music and Acoustics (IEM) is a multidisciplinary research center within the Graz University of Music and Dramatic Arts (Austria).
Research and Development.
Research activities are concentrated mainly in digital signal processing, audio engineering, and psycho acoustics, e.g. projects in analysis and syntheses of sound and loudness perception. 
Art Production.
IEM provides technology and know-how to composers and musicians in the creation and realization of their works. 
Since 1990, IEM has collaborated with guest artists (including Olga Neuwirth, Peter Ablinger, Bernhard Lang) in the production and performance of more than 80 new compositions. In this process, many international partnerships have been established.
Education.
At IEM, compositions students are trained in musical acoustics, sound synthesis, algorithmic composition, and real-time systems. 
The institute has established an audio engineering curriculum in collaboration with the Graz University of Technology. The most important aspects of these courses is to bring technology and artistic creativity closer together. 
Electrical Engineering / Sound Engineering.
Bachelor/Master study in cooperation with the Graz University of Technology
Musicology.
Bachelor/Master study in cooperation with the University of Graz
Composition - Computer Music.
In close collaboration with the "Institute of Composition, Music Theory and Conducting" (Institute 1) of the "Graz University of Music and Dramatic Arts"
Publications.
the IEM publishes the series "Contributions to Electronic Music".
Open Source.
The IEM is involved in several Open Source projects.
It is currently hosting the main community portal and the mailing-lists for Pure Data

</doc>
<doc id="19873240" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873240" title="Yisrael Eichler">
Yisrael Eichler

Yisrael Eichler (, born 27 March 1955) is an Israeli politician who currently serves as a member of the Knesset for United Torah Judaism.
Biography.
Born in Jerusalem, Eichler worked as an author and journalist. He became editor of "HaMahane HaHaredi" in 1980, and in 1996 became chairman of the Centre for Jewish Publicity.
A member of Agudat Yisrael, in 2003 he was elected to the Knesset on the United Torah Judaism list (UTJ being an alliance of Agudat Yisrael and Degel HaTorah). The alliance split in January 2005. He resigned from the Knesset on 23 February that year and was replaced by Shmuel Halpert.
As part of a seat rotation agreement within United Torah Judaism, he returned to the Knesset on 6 February 2011 as a replacement for Meir Porush.
Eichler is married with 14 children.

</doc>
<doc id="19873247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873247" title="1972 Uber Cup">
1972 Uber Cup

The 1972 Uber Cup was the fifth edition of the Uber Cup, the women's badminton team competition. The tournament took place in the 1971-1972 badminton season, 17 countries competed. Japan won its third title in the Uber Cup, after beating the Indonesia team 6-1 in the Final Round in Tokyo, Japan.
Teams.
17 teams from 4 regions took part in the competition. As defending champion, Japan skipped the qualifications and played directly in the final round of the "inter-zone" ties (team matches), effectively the semifinals of the tournament. 
From the qualifying rounds, four countries progressed to the inter-zone ties. From the Australasian zone, New Zealand advanced to the next round after beating Australia 4-3. From the Asian zone the Indonesia team advanced to the inter-zone ties after Thailand got w/o. In the European zone final Denmark defeated England 5-2. From the Pan American zone, Canada beating USA with 6-1
Final round.
Japan won the Uber Cup title for the third consecutive time, after beating Indonesia in the final for the second consecutive time. Indonesia got its point from third singles player Intan Nurtjahja who won the first match of the tie. Japan's Noriko Nakayama, née Noriko Takagi, remained undefeated in Uber Cup singles.

</doc>
<doc id="19873256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873256" title="Alfredo Welby">
Alfredo Welby

Alfredo Welby (16 December 1910 – 14 July 1998) was an Italian professional footballer who played for AS Roma, Reggina, Cosenza and MATER.
He was the father of right-to-die activist Piergiorgio Welby.

</doc>
<doc id="19873265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873265" title="Shitan Railway Station">
Shitan Railway Station

Shitan is a railway station in Shitan, Zengcheng, Guangdong, China. It is a station on the Guangshen Railway and managed by the Guangshen Railway Company. It was built in 1911 and is now a level 4 station on the national railway station scale.

</doc>
<doc id="19873289" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873289" title="Xiancun Railway Station">
Xiancun Railway Station

Xiancun is a railway station in Xiancun, Zengcheng, Guangdong, China. It is a station on the Guangshen Railway and is managed by the Guangshen Railway Company. It was built in 1910 and is currently a class 4 station on the national railway station scale.

</doc>
<doc id="19873295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873295" title="Shin-Etsu Chemical">
Shin-Etsu Chemical

“Shin-Etsu” in the company's name derives from Shin'etsu Region, where the company established the first chemical plant as Shin-Etsu Nitrogen Fertilizer in 1926, though the company today is headquartered in Tokyo and has its manufacturing locations in 14 countries worldwide.
Segments.
Shin-Etsu splits its business into three distinct groups:

</doc>
<doc id="19873306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873306" title="Wachapreague people">
Wachapreague people

The Wachapreague people were an Algonquian Native American people who lived in coastal Virginia centuries ago.
The town of Wachapreague, Virginia, and the Wachapreague Channel are named for them.

</doc>
<doc id="19873307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873307" title="Shapu Railway Station">
Shapu Railway Station

Shapu (formerly Baishi) is a railway station in the village of Shapu in Zengcheng, Guangdong, China. It is a station on the Guangshen Railway and managed by the Guangshen Railway Company. It was built in 1917 and is now a class 5 station on the national railway station scale.

</doc>
<doc id="19873308" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873308" title="Dhuseni">
Dhuseni

Dhuseni may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19873309" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873309" title="Mo Ibrahim Prize for Achievement in African Leadership">
Mo Ibrahim Prize for Achievement in African Leadership

The Mo Ibrahim Prize for Achievement in African Leadership is awarded by the Mo Ibrahim Foundation to African heads of state or government who deliver security, health, education and economic development to their constituents, and who democratically transfer power to their successor. It was sponsored by Mo Ibrahim, a businessman born in Sudan. According to Ibrahim, "Good governance is crucial." With a US$5 million initial payment, plus $200,000 a year for life, the prize is believed to be the world's largest, exceeding the $1.3m Nobel Peace Prize. Former South African President Nelson Mandela, former United States President Bill Clinton, and former United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan are among those who have welcomed the initiative.
The Ibrahim Prize for Achievement in African Leadership was awarded in 2007, 2008 and 2011. Former South African president Nelson Mandela was an honorary laureate.

</doc>
<doc id="19873320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873320" title="Franz Ludwig Fick">
Franz Ludwig Fick

Franz Ludwick Fick (18 May 1813 – 31 December 1858) was a professor of anatomy at the University of Marburg.
Education.
In 1835, he received his MD under Bünger from the University of Marburg.
Career.
Fick studied the developmental mechanics of bone growth, especially of the skull. He invented the cerebral phantom - an openable paper model showing the various parts of the brain that became the prototype of openable figures in medical texts. Fick wrote texts on human anatomy and pathology. He studied the mechanism of vision and the function of the retina. He investigated the function and performance of the taste buds and described the anatomy of elephant's ears.

</doc>
<doc id="19873322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873322" title="Askeaton railway station">
Askeaton railway station

Askeaton was a station which served Askeaton in County Limerick, Ireland.
History.
The station was opened by the Waterford and Limerick and Limerick and Foynes railways, then absorbed into the Great Southern and Western Railway. In 1924 the Railways Act passed by the Oireachtas of the Irish Free State moved the station to the "Great Southern Railway". In 1925 another merger led to management by the Great Southern Railways. Then it was moved to the CIE by the Transport Act 1944 from 1 January 1945, on nationalisation. The station was closed to passenger traffic by CIE on 4 February 1963 and freight on 2 December 1974. Trains for Foynes continued to pass through Askeaton until the line effectively lost all its freight services in 2000. The line is still officially open to freight traffic, it has not seen a train since the annual weedspray train visited the line on 7 May 2002. The last known movement was on 9 January 2003 when a permanent way inspection car visited the line.
In an interview on Limerick's Live 95 fm on April 18, 2011, Kay McGuinness Chairperson of Shannon Foynes Port Company said that they are confident that the rail link could be reopened for €7 million, which was considerably less than initially quoted price of €30 million by Irish Rail following the involvement of consultants and it was now a do-able project.
The site today.
The building and platform are still in good condition next to the mothballed railway.[http://www.industrialheritageireland.info/railways/foynes/askeatonstationeast.htm]

</doc>
<doc id="19873323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873323" title="Xintang Railway Station">
Xintang Railway Station

Xintang is a railway station in Xintang, Zengcheng, Guangdong, China. It is a station on the Guangshen Railway and managed by the Guangshen Railway Company. It was built in 1910 and is now a class 4 station on the national railway station scale.

</doc>
<doc id="19873326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873326" title="Weakley County Press">
Weakley County Press

Weakley County Press is a weekly newspaper based in Martin, Tennessee.
<br clear=right>

</doc>
<doc id="19873333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873333" title="List of J. League managers">
List of J. League managers

This is a list of J. League managers. Some of these managers were appointed as caretaker managers prior to being given a permanent position.

</doc>
<doc id="19873350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873350" title="Alaska Journal of Commerce">
Alaska Journal of Commerce

Alaska Journal of Commerce is a weekly newspaper based in Anchorage, Alaska.
<br clear=right>

</doc>
<doc id="19873358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873358" title="Mont Faron">
Mont Faron

Mont Faron is a mountain overlooking the city and roadstead of Toulon, France. It is 584m high. At its peak is a memorial dedicated to the 1944 Allied landings in Provence (Operation Dragoon), and to the liberation of Toulon.
The top can be reached either by a cable car from Toulon, or by a steep and narrow road which ascends from the west side and descends on the east side. The road is one of the most challenging stages of the annual Paris–Nice and Tour Méditerranéen bicycle races.
Near the summit there is a zoo which covers an area of 1.5 hectares.

</doc>
<doc id="19873365" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873365" title="Mario Rinaldi">
Mario Rinaldi

Mario Rinaldi (born 17 March 1966) is an Italian enduro rider and a four-time World Enduro Champion. He is also a four-time winner of the International Six Days Enduro (ISDE) World Trophy with Team Italy. Rinaldi won all his world championship titles with KTM; in 1992 and 1994 in the 350 cc class, and in 1997 and 2000 in the 400 cc class. He subsequently competed for Yamaha and Husaberg until retiring from the World Enduro Championship, and concentrating on the Italian national championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19873367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873367" title="Judd Gregg Meteorology Institute">
Judd Gregg Meteorology Institute

Judd Gregg Meteorology Institute (JGMI), established in 2003, is the center of meteorological and atmospheric research at Plymouth State University, which offers the only meteorology degree program in the state of New Hampshire. The institute, named for U.S. Senator Judd Gregg, provides state-of-the-art equipment and technology to PSU students, faculty, and staff, while providing outreach throughout New Hampshire and the rest of the country.
Resources and outreach opportunities.
The institute houses the Plymouth State Weather Center, a facility which provides comprehensive weather information, including observations, tutorials, satellite and radar data and more. The Weather Center's web site is accessed more than 500,000 times a week. 
Research facilities for undergraduate and graduate meteorology students include a rooftop weather observation center, an electronic map wall, a weather technology lab, a GPS-radiosonde system, a portable micrometeorological measurement platform and a fully instrumental Automated Weather Observation System (AWOS). An online archive of meteorological data is used to analyze air chemistry and pollution events. 
The institute conducts projects and partnerships with the National Weather Center, the University of New Hampshire, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, the U.S. Air Force, the National Center for Atmospheric Research, the Federal Aviation Administration, the Mount Washington Observatory, the U.S. Army Cold Regions Research and Engineering Laboratory and many other agencies. The institute has a 10-year agreement with the New Hampshire Department of Transportation to deploy over 50 weather observation stations throughout the state to measure road surface and subsurface temperature and ozone concentrations.
In outreach to the community, the institute conducts workshops for teachers of grades K-12 and leads field trips for students.

</doc>
<doc id="19873369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873369" title="Nangang Railway Station">
Nangang Railway Station

Nangang is a railway station in Nangang, Huangpu District, Guangzhou, Guangdong, China. It is a station on the Guangshen Railway and managed by the Guangshen Railway Company. It was built in 1910 and is a class 4 station on the national railway station scale. 

</doc>
<doc id="19873411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873411" title="Xiayuan Railway Station">
Xiayuan Railway Station

Xiayuan is a railway station in Xiayuan, Huangpu District, Guangzhou, Guangdong, China. It is a station on the Guangshen Railway and managed by the Guangshen Railway Company. It was built in 1975 and is a class 3 station on the national railway station scale.

</doc>
<doc id="19873415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873415" title="Simpani">
Simpani

Simpani may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19873425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873425" title="Tandrang">
Tandrang

Tandrang may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19873427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873427" title="Gila Finkelstein">
Gila Finkelstein

Gila Finkelstein (, born 22 September 1950) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the National Religious Party between 2003 and 2006.
Biography.
Born in Tel Aviv, Finkelstein studied English and Israeli history at Tel Aviv University, where she gained a BA and a teaching certificate. She went on to gain an MA in educational management, and work as an English teacher and headmistress.
In 2003 she was elected to the Knesset on the National Religious Party list, and was appointed a Deputy Speaker of the Knesset. Finkelstein was also chairwoman of the subcommittee for Learning Disabilities, and a member of the Education, Culture and Sports committee, the committee on the Status of Women, and the committee on the Rights of the Child.
For the 2006 elections she was placed tenth on the joint National Union-National Religious Party list, but lost her seat when the alliance won only nine seats.

</doc>
<doc id="19873432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873432" title="Nigel Dorward">
Nigel Dorward

Nigel Douglas Dorward (born February 4, 1966) was a Zimbabwean cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a left-arm slow bowler who played for Mashonaland County Districts. He was born in Salisbury (now Harare).
Dorward's debut came during the Logan Cup competition of 1994/95, though, batting at number one, he was unable to make much of an imprint on the scorecard.
Dorward's second and final first-class appearance came in the following season, and while he scored 23 and 3 with the bat, he did not play another first-class game.

</doc>
<doc id="19873433" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873433" title="Financial Guaranty Insurance Company">
Financial Guaranty Insurance Company

Financial Guaranty Insurance Company (FGIC) is a monoline bond insurer established in 1983. It faced significant financial difficulties in 2008 which affected its ability to write new business. 
The firm was acquired in December 2003 by a consortium of investors including PMI Group, Blackstone Group, The Cypress Group and CIVC Partners.
As of March 24, 2009, it was rated "CC" by Standard & Poor's (S&P) and "Caa3" by Moody's Investors Service. Fitch Ratings had already withdrawn its rating, while Moody's announced it would remove its rating. The ratings are negative from both Moody's and Standard & Poor's
On November 24, 2009, it was released that the New York Insurance Department ordered FGIC to suspend payment on all claims due.
On June 11, 2011, the company was taken over by New York State.

</doc>
<doc id="19873436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873436" title="Monterrey Open">
Monterrey Open

The Monterrey Open is a professional women's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. The event is affiliated with the Women's Tennis Association (WTA), and is part of the International tournaments on the WTA Tour. The tournament is currently held at the Sierra Madre Tennis Club.

</doc>
<doc id="19873437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873437" title="Tarku">
Tarku

Tarku may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19873446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873446" title="Stadionul Milcovul">
Stadionul Milcovul

Milcovul Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Focşani, Romania. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of CSM Focșani. The stadium holds 8,500 people.

</doc>
<doc id="19873452" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873452" title="Jishan Railway Station">
Jishan Railway Station

Jishan is a railway station in Jishan, Dongpu, Tianhe District, Guangzhou, Guangdong, China. It is a station on the Guangshen Railway and managed by the Guangshen Railway Company. It was built in 1916 and is a class 3 station on the national railway station scale.

</doc>
<doc id="19873460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873460" title="Stadionul Parc (Caracal)">
Stadionul Parc (Caracal)

Parc Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Caracal, Olt county, Romania. It is currently used mostly for football matches, and is the home ground of FC Caracal. The stadium holds 12,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="19873464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873464" title="Emil Andersson">
Emil Andersson

Emil Mangersson (born 14 November 1979) is a Swedish running target shooter. He grew up close to the Småland-Skåne border, but now lives in Strömsund, Jämtland. His trainer is Claes Johansson.
At the 2008 World Running Target Championships, Andersson became the first ever 10 metre running target World Champion in a knockout format. He defeated top seed Vladyslav Prianishnikov in the semifinal (6–3) and then scored seven straight tens in the final, winning it with 6–1 over Miroslav Januš. Andersson defeated his title at the 2009 World Running Target Championships, once again scoring straight tens in the final.
Prior to this, Andersson had won two individual world championship medals: a silver in 50 metre running target mixed at the 2002 ISSF World Shooting Championships and a bronze in 10 metre running target mixed in 2008. He also participated in the last Olympic running target competition which was held in 2004, reaching the final and finishing fourth, missing the bronze medal by 0.3 points. At the 2006 ISSF World Shooting Championships he failed to win an individual medal, but was part of the Swedish team that won medals in all four team events (one silver and three bronze).
Andersson holds several Swedish records; his 50 metre running target record is 598 points, two points higher than the world record.

</doc>
<doc id="19873466" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873466" title="Beach sepaktakraw at the 2008 Asian Beach Games">
Beach sepaktakraw at the 2008 Asian Beach Games

Beach sepaktakraw at the 2008 Asian Beach Games were held from 18 October to 25 October 2008 in Bali, Indonesia.

</doc>
<doc id="19873469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873469" title="Panderichthyidae">
Panderichthyidae

Panderichthyidae is a family of prehistoric lobe-finned fishes which lived during the Late Devonian period.

</doc>
<doc id="19873476" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873476" title="Figure skating at the 1924 Winter Olympics – Men's singles">
Figure skating at the 1924 Winter Olympics – Men's singles

The men's individual figure skating event was held as part of the figure skating programme at the 1924 Winter Olympics. It was the third appearance of the event, which had previously been held at the Summer Olympics in 1908 and 1920. The competition was held on Tuesday January 29, 1924 and on Wednesday January 30, 1924.
Eleven figure skaters from nine nations competed.
Results.
Gillis Grafström successfully defended his 1920 title.
Referee: 
Judges:

</doc>
<doc id="19873478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873478" title="Stadionul Michael Klein">
Stadionul Michael Klein

Michael Klein Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Hunedoara, Romania. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of FC Hunedoara. The stadium holds 16,500 people.
Also Corvinul Hunedoara played on this stadium until the club was dissolved.
The stadium is named after Michael Klein the Romanian international footballer who died on the pitch.
It is the 18th stadium in the country by capacity.

</doc>
<doc id="19873495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873495" title="Yunlu Railway Station">
Yunlu Railway Station

Yunlu is a railway station in Yuexiu District, Guangzhou, Guangdong, China, between Guangzhou and Guangzhou East stations. It was built in 1911 and is a class 4 railway station on the national railway station scale.

</doc>
<doc id="19873501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873501" title="Elpistostegidae">
Elpistostegidae

Elpistostegidae is an extinct family of tetrapod-like fish that lived in the Late Devonian period (Late Givetian to Early Frasnian). Fossils of skull and a part of the backbone have been found at Escuminac Formation in Quebec, Canada. Recently, the entire fossil of the fish was found in the same formation. It is proposed by the palaeontologist Richard Cloutier at Université du Québec à Rimouski that "Elpistostege" may dethrone "Tiktaalik" in the position of the nearest fish from the tetrapods. Family based on cladistic affinities compiled by Swartz, 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19873509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873509" title="Treaty of Stettin (1630)">
Treaty of Stettin (1630)

The Treaty of Stettin ( or "Fördraget i Stettin") or Alliance of Stettin () was the legal framework for the occupation of the Duchy of Pomerania by the Swedish Empire during the Thirty Years' War. Concluded on 25 August (O.S.) or 4 September 1630 (N.S.), it was predated to 10 July (O.S.) or 20 July 1630 (N.S.), the date of the Swedish landing.Swedish invasion: 10 July - Julian, 20 July - Gregorian;Treaty: 25 August - Julian, 4 September - Gregorian.</ref> Sweden assumed military control, and used the Pomeranian bridgehead for campaigns into Central and Southern Germany. After the death of the last Pomeranian duke in 1637, forces of the Holy Roman Empire invaded Pomerania to enforce Brandenburg's claims on succession, but they were defeated by Sweden in the ensuing battles. Some of the Pomeranian nobility had changed sides and supported Brandenburg. By the end of the war, the treaty was superseded by the Peace of Westphalia (1648) and the subsequent Treaty of Stettin (1653), when Pomerania was partitioned into a western, Swedish part (Western Pomerania, thenceforth Swedish Pomerania), and an eastern, Brandenburgian part (Farther Pomerania, thenceforth the Brandenburg-Prussian Province of Pomerania).
Background.
Following the Capitulation of Franzburg in 1627, the Duchy of Pomerania was occupied by forces of Ferdinand II, Holy Roman Emperor, under command of Albrecht von Wallenstein. The Swedish intervention in the Thirty Years' War began with the active military support of Stralsund, a Pomeranian Hanseatic port which since the Battle of Stralsund successfully resisted imperial occupation with Danish and Swedish support. Sweden and Stralsund concluded an alliance scheduled for twenty years. The Danish campaigns in Pomerania and other parts of the Holy Roman Empire ended with the Battle of Wolgast in 1628 and the subsequent Treaty of Lübeck in 1629. Except for Stralsund, all of Northern Germany was occupied by forces of the emperor and the Catholic League. In 1629, the emperor initiated the Re-Catholization of these Protestant territories by issuing the Edict of Restitution.
The Truce of Altmark ended the Polish–Swedish War (1626–1629) in September 1629, releasing the military capacities needed for an invasion of the Holy Roman Empire. Plans of Gustavus Adolphus of Sweden for such an intervention were approved of by a Riksdag commission already in the winter of 1627/28, approval by the Riksråd followed in January 1629.
On 26 June (O.S.) or 6 July (N.S.) 1630, Gustavus Adolphus of Sweden with a fleet of 27 ships arrived at the island of Usedom and made landfall near Peenemünde with 13,000 troops (10,000 infantry and 3,000 cavalry on thirteen transport ships). The core of the invasion force consisted of trained peasants, recruited to the Swedish army following Gustavus Adolphus' military reforms of 1623. The western flank of the Swedish invasion force was cleared from Stralsund, which served as the basis for Swedish forces clearing Rügen and the adjacent mainland from 29 March until June 1630. The officially stated Swedish motives were:
The Swedish landing force faced Albrecht von Wallenstein's imperial occupation forces in Pomerania, commanded by Torquato Conti. Large parts of the imperial army were pinned down in Italy and unable to react. Wallenstein, who two years before had expelled the Danish landing forces at the same place was about to be dismissed. On 9 July, Swedish forces took Stettin (now Szczecin), but throughout 1630 were content with establishing themselves in the Oder estuary.
The treaty and amendments.
The first draft of a Swedish-Pomeranian alliance, which the Pomeranian ducal councillors had worked out since 20 July 1630 (N.S.), was rejected by Gustavus Adolphus of Sweden. A second draft was returned to the council together with a list of modifications Sweden insisted on. On 22 August (N.S.), actual Swedish-Pomeranian negotiations started, which Gustavus Adolphus on 1 September (N.S.) joined in person. The final negotiations lasted from 2–4 September (N.S.).
The actual agreement was made on 25 August (O.S.) or 4 September (N.S.), but pre-dated to 10 July (O.S.) or 20 July 1630 (N.S.). The alliance was to be "eternal". The treaty also included the alliance with Stralsund of 1628, which was concluded when the town resisted the Capitulation of Franzburg and was thus besieged by Albrecht von Wallenstein's army.
Subsequent treaties were the "Pomeranian Defense Constitution" of 30 August 1630 (O.S.), and the "Quartering Order" of 1631. The Swedish king and the high-ranking officers were given absolute control over the duchy's military affairs, while the political and ecclesial power remained with the dukes, nobles, and towns. The duchy's foreign affairs were to be within the responsibility of the Swedish crown. The amending treaties were necessary because the Pomeranian nobility had insisted on having the shift in military control of the duchy to Sweden separate from the Swedish-Pomeranian alliance. 
The Pomeranian contributions detailed in the treaties amounted to an annual 100,000 Talers. Furthermore, Pomerania was obliged to supply four Swedish garrisons.
The alliance.
Implementation in Pomerania.
When Bogislaw XIV, Duke of Pomerania had concluded the alliance, he immediately wrote a letter to Ferdinand II, Holy Roman Emperor, reading "This union is not directed against the majesty of the Emperor or the Empire, but is rather designed to maintain the constitution of the Empire in its ancient state of liberty and tranquillity, and to protect the religious and secular settlements against the ravagers and disturbers of the public peace, and thereby not only to leave intact the relationship which binds us, Bogislaw XIV [...] to His Imperial Roman Majesty [...] but also to preserve our lawful duty and obligations to the same." Bogislaw XIV further blamed the "barbarities and cruelties of the Imperial soldiers" for leaving him no choice. Yet, Ferdinand II did not forgive Bogislaw XIV, and instead the imperial occupation forces in Pomerania were instructed to act even more harshly. As a consequence, raids were conducted frequently, buildings and villages were burned, and the population was tormented. The imperial atrocities became one argument for the Pomeranian population to support Sweden. Another argument was that in contrast to Pomerania, there was no serfdom in Sweden, and thus the Pomeranian peasants held a very positive view of the Swedish soldiers, who were in fact peasants in arms.
With the aforementioned treaties, Sweden included the Pomeranian duchy in her military contributions' system, enabling her to triple the size of her forces there within a short period. In 1630, Carl Banér was appointed Swedish legate in Stettin, succeeded in 1631 by Steno or Sten Svantesson Bielke, who in 1630 was the Swedish commander in Stralsund.
From the Oder estuary bridgehead, the Swedish forces subsequently cleared the Duchy of Pomerania of imperial forces in 1631. The Pomeranian towns of Gartz (Oder) and Greifenhagen (now Gryfino), both south of Stettin, were attacked on 4 and 5 January 1631. The imperial occupation forces had established a defense in both towns since 4 and 7 June 1630. With these taken, Sweden was able to advance further south into Brandenburg, and west into Western Pomerania and Mecklenburg. The last imperial stronghold in Pomerania was Greifswald, which was besieged by Sweden since 12 June 1631. When imperial commander Perusi was shot during a ride, the imperial garrison surrendered on 16 June. Gustavus Adolphus of Sweden even returned from Brandenburg to supervise the siege, and upon his arrival received the university's homage for the liberation.
Support for Sweden among the peasants did not fade even when they were mobilized and recruited for military construction works. A different situation emerged in the towns, where burghers were often in conflict with the garrison. While the Swedish king issued several decrees ruling and restricting the interaction of soldiers and burghers, this did not prevent "turmoils against the undisciplined soldatesca" already in 1632. The larger towns often refused to fulfill the demands of the Swedish military.
Bridgehead for the Swedish intervention in the Holy Roman Empire.
When Gustavus Adolphus landed in Pomerania, the German Protestant nobility met his intervention with distrust. In April 1631, at a convention in Leipzig, they decided to set up a third front on their own, and except for Magdeburg, who had allied with Sweden already on 1 August 1630, did not side with Sweden. In Swedish strategy, Magdeburg was to be the spark inflaming a "universal rebellion in Germany" - yet initially this strategy failed. 
In early 1631, Swedish forces advanced into Brandenburgian territory. On 23 January 1631, Sweden concluded an alliance with France in Brandenburgian Bärwalde (now Mieszkowice) near Greiffenhagen. Brandenburgian Frankfurt (Oder) and Landsberg (Warthe) (now Gorzow) were taken on 15 and 23 April, respectively. Subsequently, Brandenburg was forced into treaties with Sweden on 14 May, 20 June and 10 September 1631. While these obliged George William, Elector of Brandenburg to hand over control of the Brandenburgian military to Sweden, he refused to enter an alliance.
Sweden was not able to support Magdeburg, and in the summer of 1631, the town was taken and looted by Johann Tserclaes, Count of Tilly's forces. When a fire destroyed what was left of the town, and 20,000 inhabitants were burned, the Protestants' scepsis turned into support for the Swedish king. When Tilly attacked the Electorate of Saxony, the Saxon electors joined their forces with the Swedish army, and the combined forces decisively defeated Tilly in the Battle of Breitenfeld (1631). This defeat of the combined imperial and Catholic League forces allowed Sweden to pursue deep into Central and Southern Germany.
After Gustavus Adolphus' death.
Gustavus Adolphus was killed in the Battle of Lützen on 6 November 1632. George William, Elector of Brandenburg, joined the obsequies in Stettin on 31 May, and proposed joining the Alliance of Stettin if he would in turn participate in the Pomeranian succession. Bogislaw XIV, Duke of Pomerania, the last living member of the House of Pomerania, had suffered a stroke already in April 1631. Sweden neither approved nor rejected the Brandenburgian offer. On 19 November 1634, a "regiment constitution" reformed the administration of the duchy of Pomerania. The two governments in Wolgast and Stettin resulting from the partition of 1569 had already been merged on 18 March. The new constitution reformed this government to consist of a proconsul, a president, and seven members. 
After Sweden had to acknowledge her first serious defeat in the Battle of Nördlingen (1634), Ferdinand II, Holy Roman Emperor and several Protestant states concluded the Peace of Prague in May 1635. Calvinist Brandenburg was reluctant to sign, since besides the announced annulment of the Edict of Restitution, toleration of Calvinism was not mentioned. To get Brandenburg to sign up, Sweden and Ferdinand promised her the succession in the Duchy of Pomerania in return.
Another consequence of the lost Battle of Nördlingen was that large parts of the Swedish army, including thousands of injured, retreated to Pomerania, followed by imperial forces who entered the duchy in 1636. The rigsråd considered to abandon all of Pomerania except for Stralsund. Both the atrocities committed by the Swedish soldiers and the contributions paid by Pomerania for the military peaked during the following years. Short of supplies, the Swedish as well as the imperial mercenaries forced their means of subsistence from the local population. In 1637, a capitulation was issued that mentions "irruption" and "insolentia" by the military, and ruled out more drastic consequences for irregular behaviour of the soldiers.
On 24 February 1637, the Pomeranian councillors decided that the Pomeranian constitution of 1634 should remain in effect in case of the duke's death, which was approved of by Sweden and rejected by Brandenburg.
After Bogislaw XIV's death - Confrontation with Brandenburg.
On 10 March 1637, Bogislaw XIV died without issue. Swedish legate Sten Svantesson Bielke on 11 March advised the Pomeranian council to nevertheless adhere to the Alliance of Stettin, and to reject any Brandenburgian interference. George William, Elector of Brandenburg, in turn mailed Christina of Sweden on 14 March to respect his succession in the Pomeranian duchy based on the treaties of Pyritz (1493) and Grimnitz (1529), on which the alliance did not have any impact. Similar letters addressed Bielke, and Swedish field-marshal Carl Gustaf Wrangel. The same day, a courier arrived in Stettin with the elector's seizure patent, who at once was incarcerated by Bielke and threatened with death by hanging. The next day, the Brandenburgian elector admonished the Pomeranian nobility to behave as his subjects. 
On 19 March 1637, a delegation of Pomeranian nobles pledged that the elector suspend his claims until a Swedish-Brandenburgian agreement was reached. The elector rejected, and Bielke on 24 March rejected any negotiations with Brandenburg. While Bielke clarified on 3 April, that he does not "per se" challenge the Brandenburgian claim, but rather Brandenburg's disregard of Swedish claims, Wrangel on 12 April definitely rejected any Brandenburgian claim and advised the Pomeranian nobility to remain loyal to Sweden. George William reacted on 28 April, repeating his claims of 14 March and threatening with imperial intervention. Ferdinand II issued a patent confirming the Brandenburgian succession, and George William issued another patent on 22 May. The Pomeranians assembled a Landtag between 7 and 29 June, where Bielke and the nobility agreed on resisting the pending Brandenburgian take-over.
In August 1637, an imperial army commanded by Matthias Gallas moved toward the Pomeranian frontier with Mecklenburg, and Swedish forces were concentrated on the Pomeranian side. While Gallas withdrew in late October, imperial forces commanded by von Bredow crossed into Western Pomerania on 24/25 October taking Tribsees, Loitz, Wolgast and Demmin. The nobles of the duchy's southern districts changed allegiance and rendered homage to the elector of Brandenburg on 25 November, and several nobles from the eastern districts Stolp and Schlawe met with the elector's ambassador in Danzig and obtained permission to resettle to East Prussia on 1 January 1638. The same month, emperor Ferdinand II gave the duchy of Pomerania to Brandenburg as a fief, which was accepted by the nobility on 26 January. The Pomeranian government resigned in March.
On 3 April 1638, the Swedish rigsråd debates the Pomeranian issue, and decides to take over the duchy. On 2 May, Axel Lillje and Johann Lilljehök were appointed Swedish governors of Pomerania, occupied primarily with military tasks, and several other functionaries were appointed to administrate the duchy. Johan Nicodemi Lilleström was appointed to draft a schedule for the final integration of Pomerania into the Swedish Empire.
On 28 July 1638, Swedish field marshal Johan Banér from Farther Pomerania attacked the imperial forces in Western Pomerania. The ensuing warfare devastated the duchy. By the end of the year, Banér was appointed general governor of the whole duchy. Though Brandenburg prepared a military re-capture throughout 1639-1641, she made no actual progress. Neither did attempts of Sweden and the Pomeranian nobility to re-establish a civilian government succeed. On 14 July 1641, Sweden and Brandenburg agreed on a truce. Yet negotiations in February 1642 and April 1643 did not result in a settlement.
Between 1 and 7 September 1643, imperial forces commanded by von Krockow invaded the Duchy of Pomerania and took western Farther Pomerania. Swedish forces commanded by Hans Christoff von Königsmarck attacked Krockow on 1 October, the battles lasted until 12 November when Krockow retreated pursued by Königsmarck's forces.
Aftermath.
When peace talks started in Osnabrück to end the Thirty Years' War, a Pomeranian delegation was present in early 1644 and from October 1645 to August 1647. Stralsund had sent her own delegates, and the rest of the duchy was represented by von Eickstedt and Runge, accredited by both Sweden and Brandenburg. On 3 August, George William of Brandenburg's delegation started to negotiate a partition of the duchy with Sweden. While the Pomeranian nobility in October rejected a partition and urged Brandenburg to look for alternatives, the partition was made definite on 28 January 1647 in Osnabrück, signed as Peace of Westphalia on 24 October 1648: Western Pomerania was to remain with Sweden, while Farther Pomerania was to become a fief of Brandenburg. Swedish field-marshal Carl Gustaf Wrangel was appointed general governor of Pomerania in 1648. After the peace treaty, Sweden demobilized her forces in Pomerania, keeping between 2,000 and 4,000 troops.
Swedish-Brandenburgian negotiations about the definite frontier started in early 1650, resulting in another Treaty of Stettin which defined the exact border on 4 May 1653. Bogislaw XIV was finally buried in Stettin on 25 May 1654.

</doc>
<doc id="19873510" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873510" title="Noge">
Noge

Noge S.L. is a Spanish-based coachbuilder. The company builds bus and coach bodies on various possible chassis. Their products are sold throughout all of Western Europe.
Noge was, after Indcar, Ayats and Beulas, the fourth coachbuilding company to be founded in the village of Arbúcies, in the province of Girona, Catalonia. It was established in 1964 by a former Ayats worker, Miquel Genabat Puig (whose son presides the company today) and by Josep Noguera, who dissociated himself from the company in 1978. Noge began its activities building city buses but soon expanded to intercity and luxury coaches as well. Today, the company has over 250 employees and produces an average of 600 vehicles a year.

</doc>
<doc id="19873520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873520" title="Canoeing at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Men's slalom C-1">
Canoeing at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Men's slalom C-1

These are the results of the men's C-1 slalom competition in canoeing at the 1996 Summer Olympics. The C-1 (canoe single) event is raced by one-man canoes through a whitewater course. The venue for the 1996 Olympic competition was on the Toccoa/Ocoee River near the Georgia-Tennessee state line.
Results.
The 30 competitors each took two runs through the whitewater slalom course on July 27. The best time of the two runs counted for the event.

</doc>
<doc id="19873570" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873570" title="Lamina dura">
Lamina dura

Lamina dura is bundle bone that lies adjacent to the periodontal ligament, lining the tooth socket. The lamina dura surrounds the tooth socket and provides the attachment surface with which the Sharpey's fibers of the periodontal ligament perforate. On an x-ray a lamina dura will appear as a radiopaque line surrounding the tooth root. An intact lamina dura is seen as a sign of healthy periodontium. Lamina dura, along with the periodontal ligament, plays an important role in bone remodeling and thus in orthodontic tooth movement.
Under the lamina dura is the less bright cancellous bone. Trabeculae are the tiny spicules of bone crisscrossing the cancellous bone that make it look spongy. These trabeculae separate the cancellous bone into tiny compartments which contain the blood producing marrow.

</doc>
<doc id="19873594" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873594" title="Amir Qureshi">
Amir Qureshi

Amir Qureshi (born October 17, 1974) is a Pakistani football player. He plays for the KRL FC as a goalkeeper, and was awarded PPL Goalkeeper of the Year in the 2007/08 season.
Amir was called to the national squad due to his high caliber performance, and won his first international cap during the Nepal series in 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19873605" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873605" title="Heartland (1999 novel)">
Heartland (1999 novel)

Heartland is a novel by Daren Shiau, first published by SNP Editions in 1999. The book won the 1998 Singapore Literature Prize Commendation Award and is Shiau's debut novel. The book is now selected as a set text for GCE 'O' and 'N' levels.
Plot introduction.
The narrative follows the coming-of-age story of Wing Seng, a young ethnic Chinese at the threshold of adulthood. The novel starts when he is eighteen years old, in his second year of his junior college and facing enlistment into national service. Wing Seng has two good friends in junior college: Sham, an Indian, and Audrey, a female friend. He starts a relationship with schoolmate and environmentalist, Chloe, but finds her upper middle class background clashes with his more modest one. 
Eventually he is enlisted and undergoes the gruelling three-month Basic Military Training at Pulau Tekong. He makes friend with Yong, a lower middle-class boy who speaks only Singlish, and befriends his younger sister May Lin. Wing also learns harsh truths about his own family along the way.

</doc>
<doc id="19873607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873607" title="River Greet">
River Greet

The River Greet is a small river in Nottinghamshire, England. Rising close to the village of Kirklington, the Greet flows in a southeasterly direction past Southwell and Rolleston to meet the River Trent at Fiskerton.
Hydrology.
The river has a catchment of and an average flow of 6.08 million gallons (27.65 Megalitres) per day, measured at the gauging station in Southwell. The catchment receives of rainfall in an average year. Above Southwell, the underlying geology is mainly Sherwood and Mercia sandstone, with some Mercia mudstone along the southern edge of the catchment. Below Southwell, the geology is predominantly Mercia mudstone. There is a layer of clay, sand and gravel alluvium overlaying this in the river channel.
The river is greatly affected by rainfall, raising levels and muddying the water.
Course.
The river rises as a series of springs to the west of Kirklington, close to the contour. It is joined by Cotton Mill Dyke and Edingley Beck, and to the east of Kirklington, turns to flow in a south-easterly direction. Halam Beck joins from the south, and there is a disused mill at Maythorne Farm. It was built as a cotton mill in 1795 by a hop merchant, to supply yarn to the framework knitting industry. The firm of Messrs. Bean and Johnson altered it in the early nineteenth century, after which silk and lace thread was produced. A small community was established around the mill, with cottages for some of the workers, of whom there were 70 in 1838, a general store, a public house and a mission hall. Willow for making baskets was grown in osier beds, and hops were also cultivated. The building was used as a billet for soldiers during the Second World War, by which time its industrial function had ceased. It has subsequently been converted into flats, with some of the outbuildings used as industrial workshops. There are two mill buildings, the north mill and the south mill, both of which are grade II listed structures. Below the mill the Robin Hood Way, a long distance footpath, follows the banks of the river, which forms the northern boundary of Southwell. There is a wildfowl centre on the north bank, and Caudwell flour Mill is on the south bank. It was built over the site of Burgage mill, a medieval building, and was bought by Charles Caudwell in 1851. He increased the capacity of the mill, which was subsequently damaged by fires in 1867, 1893 and 1917. Each time the mill was rebuilt, the equipment was upgraded. The Caudwell family were millers for four generations, after which Associated British Foods bought the mill. It closed in 1977, and was turned into flats in 1989.
After leaving the mill, the river crosses under the A612 road and flows through open countryside, to reach Upton Mill. It passes to the north of Southwell Racecourse, and then turns to the south, where Rolleston Mill is built over its course. This is a late eighteenth century brick structure, with a basement, two storeys and a garret, which still contains some of the milling equipment. It is a grade II listed structure. The river continues under the Nottingham to Lincoln Line close to Rolleston railway station, to reach Fiskerton Mill, built on the site of a medieval mill owned by the monks of Thurgaton Priory. Just beyond the mill, it passes under a minor road and into the River Trent.
History.
There was some sort of dispute in 1598, when the millers from Fiskerton, Rolleston and Upton went to Newark to collect corn for milling. They were detained, with their horses taken to the castle, and the corn was taken to "her majesty's mills", where it was ground and tolls were paid. Eventually the millers were set free. On another occasion, Rolleston's miller was detained by Edward Earl of Rutland, but was released when he promised not to collect any more corn from Newark. There seems to have been less of an issue when the inhabitants of Newark took their corn to the mills voluntarily.
The Willoughby family, who lived at Wollaton Hall ran a fleet of barges in the 1580s, and delivered coal to Southwell, which Caffyn has taken to mean that the river was navigable for the first to enable this to happen.
Those who lived beside the river had a responsibility to keep it scoured, and on 13 July 1642 the residents of Rolleston, Southwell and Upton were indicted for not carrying out this duty.
Ecology.
The upper reaches of the river contain fish such as brown trout ("Salmo trutta"), but although coarse fish species can be found lower down, the modifications made to the channel to assist its land-drainage function have resulted in the habitat suffering, with a result that fish numbers are low. The Environment Agency, who manage the river, have applied a "Hands-Off Flow" limit to the river, which specifies that if the flow drops below 2650 Megalitres per day (Mld) in the Trent, all abstraction of water must cease, in order to protect the environment. The volume of groundwater extracted from the catchment has fallen in recent years, with the result that water levels have risen a little. 
Catches of Atlantic salmon ("Salmo salar") have also been reported on the river.

</doc>
<doc id="19873609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873609" title="Sky Cops">
Sky Cops

Sky Cops is a British reality TV show revealing the work of the air police in the UK. The BBC show follows police helicopters from the South Yorkshire Air Operations Unit and the Metropolitan Police Air Support Unit. The show was narrated by Jamie Theakston and aired for six episodes in 2006, and a further eleven episodes in 2008.
Broadcast History.
The series was distributed in the United States by American Public Television.

</doc>
<doc id="19873610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873610" title="Sonja Bernadotte">
Sonja Bernadotte

Sonja Anita Maria Countess Bernadotte af Wisborg (née Haunz) (7 May 1944 – 21 October 2008) was the widow of Count Lennart Bernadotte, grandson of Sweden's King Gustaf V through his father, Prince Wilhelm, the king's second son, married in Mainau on 29 April 1972.
Biography.
She managed the Mainau estate on Lake Constance in southern Germany which her late husband purchased in 1932 from his father. The Mainau estate serves as Lake Constance's main tourist attraction, featuring elaborate floral gardens, a butterfly house, and attractive views of the lake. Bernadotte became the Count's second wife in 1972.
After the death of the Count in 2004, Sonja Bernadotte became head of the foundation that organizes Nobel Laureate Meetings at Lindau, a scientific conference held yearly in Lindau, inviting Nobel prize winners interact with young researchers from all over the world.
Marriage and family.
In 1969, Sonja met her future husband Count Lennart Bernadotte of Wisborg whilst she was his personal assistant. Count Lennart and Countess Sonja's wedding took place on 29 April 1972. The couple have five children together:
Death.
Sonja Bernadotte died of breast cancer in Freiburg im Breisgau, Germany, aged 64.

</doc>
<doc id="19873611" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873611" title="Faceless (film)">
Faceless (film)

Faceless is a 1988 French slasher film directed by Jesús Franco. The film is about Dr. Flamand (Helmut Berger) and his assistant Nathalie (Brigitte Lahaie) who lure unsuspecting victims to use their skin to perform plastic surgery on the doctor's disfigured sister - a plot reminiscent of Franco's first film, "Gritos en la noche" (1961). Hallen (Telly Savalas) is a New York businessman who hires private detective Sam Morgan (Chris Mitchum) to find his missing fashion model daughter Barbara (Caroline Munro). Other elements of the story include a Nazi doctor (Anton Diffring) and a chainsaw/power tool tormentor who are called in by Dr. Flamand. This was Savalas' final acting appearance before his death in 1994.
Plot.
A former patient of Dr. Frank Flamand (Helmut Berger), a disfigured Mrs. Francoisis (Tilda Thamar) seeks revenge for a botched operation by throwing acid at him but she misses and catches his sister, Ingrid (Christiane Jean), full in the face, resulting in severe burns.
At a photo shoot in Paris, the doctor's assistant Nathalie (Brigitte Lahaie) drugs and kidnaps Barbara Hallen (Caroline Munro) and locks her in a room in the basement of Flamand's clinic. Whilst checking on other kidnapped girls, a scuffle starts with Natalie and Gordon (Gerard Zalcberg), who lives in the basement chops off the girl's arms. 
In New York City, Barbara's father Terry Hallen (Telly Savalas) is desperately awaiting a news of his daughter and hires a private detective, Sam Morgan (Chris Mitchum), to go and find her. Once in Paris, Morganvisits a morgue with Brian Wallace (Daniel Grimm) of the Paris police to see a decapitated body, but knows it's not Barbara due to a missing mole. 
Flamand and Nathalie go to see a surgeon Dr. Orloff (Howard Vernon) about an operation to amputate Barbara's face and attach it to his sister's Ingrid's face. Orloff tells them to track down Nazi doctor Karl Heinz Moser (Anton Diffring). They return to find Barbara's face has been badly cut by Gordon. 
Morgan interviews Barbara's photo director Maxence (Marcel Philippot) and gets some information through intimidation before Maxence's bouncer, Doudo (Tony Awak), forces Morgan to flee. Meanwhile, Flamand has kidnapped another women, Melissa, to use for the face transplant. Morgan updates Terry with limited information on Barbara - that she was a prostitute and that she left with a gold watch. 
Moser arrives for the operation, but destroys Melissa's donor face due to complications and Flamand and Nathalie seek a replacement. At a club they find an actress (Florence Guerin), trick her into going to the clinic, drug her and hide her body. Morgan traces a credit card belonging to Barbara Hallen to the Paris suburb of "St. Cloud", and to Flamand's clinic. 
At the clinic Morgan sees a watch Natalie is wearing and later sees this in pictures at his hotel as belonging to Barbara and decides to return to the clinic. A nurse at the clinic enters the basement and finds all of the girls locked up. She is caught and killed by Gordon. At this moment Moser, Flamand and Nathalie remove the actress's face and show it to Ingrid.
Morgan returns to the clinic and is attacked by Gordon but manages to impale him on some hooks. Morgan finds keys and locates the girls and Barbara but is locked in Barbara's cell with her by Natalie. Flamand, Moser and Nathalie then brick up the cell. Barbara and Sam find themselves trapped and gasping for air. 
Sam though has sent Terry a message saying "Terry, I traced Barbara to this clinic in Paris. I'm going in tonight to look for her. If I don't leave a message in 12 hours, send in the marines, Merry Christmas". Terry says to his office executive "Jenny, get me on the first flight to Paris!", in hopes to rescue the two.
Alternate Ending.
The original ending of the film involved Sam successfully rescuing Barbara, and arresting Flamand, Nathalie, Moser, and Ingrid, with Terry going to Paris to pick them up. Jess Franco wanted a slightly different touch to make it different, so while switching the ending around, this time it is mentioned that Terry Hallen is going to Paris to the clinic, but it is left open, if he gets there in time to save them or not.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack to the film was released on a Maxi single with the theme song, Faceless, by Vincenzo Thoma although it has been out of print and hard to find for many years now. 
Two more of the songs used in the film by Thoma, Crystal Eyes and In the Heart of the City can be found on Romano Musumarra's soundtrack to Les Nouveaux Tricheurs which is an LP. The last two songs used in the film, both by Carol Welsman were Just Imagination and Mais Que Bonita. Just Imagination had its own Maxi 45T single, and the song Mais Que Bonita can only be found on the Just Imagination LP album, which only printed 500 to 900 copies.

</doc>
<doc id="19873626" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873626" title="Estella Solomons">
Estella Solomons

Estella Francis Solomons (1882–1968) was one of the leading Irish artists of her generation.
Life.
She was born in Dublin, Ireland, the daughter of Maurice Solomons (1832–1922), an optician whose practice in 19 Nassau St., Dublin, is mentioned in "Ulysses". Her family, the Solomons, who came to Dublin from England in 1824, are one of the oldest continuous lines of Jews in Ireland. Her grandmother Rosa Jacobs Solomons (1833–1926) was born in Hull in England. Her brother Bethel Solomons, a renowned physician, master of the Rotunda Hospital and Irish international rugby player, is mentioned in "Finnegans Wake". Her brother Edwin (1879–1964) was a stockbroker and prominent member of the Dublin Jewish community. Her younger sister Sophie was a trained opera singer.
In 1898, at the age of 16, she entered the Dublin Metropolitan School of Art. She went on to study in London and Paris, and upon her return to Ireland spent some time painting in County Kerry. She studied under two of Ireland's leading artists, Walter Osborne and William Orpen, and was an early member of the Irish impressionist school. She exhibited in the Leinster Hall, Molesworth St., with contemporaries such as Beatrice Elvery, Eva Hamilton and Grace Gifford.
She joined the Ranelagh branch of Cumann na mBan about 1918 and was active in politics before and during the Irish war of independence. She took the republican side in the civil war and her studio was used as a safe house by republican volunteers. She married poet and publisher Seamus O'Sullivan (1879–1958) (real name James Sullivan Starkey) although her parents opposed the relationship as O'Sullivan was not of the Jewish faith. They married in 1929 after her parents had died. She collaborated with her husband in The Dublin Magazine (1923–1958), the renowned literary and art magazine, of which O'Sullivan was editor for 35 years.
Estella took up a teaching position at Bolton Street, Dublin. She painted landscapes and portraits, including Jack Yeats, Arthur Griffiths, poet Austin Clarke, James Stephens and George Russell.
TV documentaries on her life have been shown on RTÉ and on the History Channel.
The works of Estella Solomon are held in The Niland Collection, at The Model, County Sligo.

</doc>
<doc id="19873645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873645" title="Lady Cop">
Lady Cop

The Lady Cop is a fictional police officer, a comic book character published by DC Comics. She debuted in "1st Issue Special" #4, (July 1975), and was created by Robert Kanigher and John Rosenberger.
Fictional character biography.
Origin.
Lady Cop is Liza Warner, a young woman who watches from beneath a bed as a murderer in cowboy boots decorated with the skull and crossbones, slaughters her two roommates, leaving the Ace of spades behind as his calling card. Later a policewoman (circa 1975) praises her eidetic memory, calling her "natural police". Deciding that she will never be able to rest until she finds the murderer, Liza enrolls in the unnamed metropolitan city's police academy. At her academy graduation ceremony, Liza disarms a madman carrying a primed grenade.
"Poisoned Love".
In the book's main story Liza foils the attempted rape of an underaged girl, and then disables and arrests the two assailants after they attempt to sexually assault her. She later disarms a switchblade wielding madman and performs Cardiopulmonary resuscitation on a stabbing victim. Later she counsels a panicky young woman on the dangers of sexually transmitted disease, helps the girl to reconcile a relationship with her dock worker father, and finally fends off an attack by a chain wielding gang member who'd been stalking her all day and saves him from drowning. In the issue's final panel Liza wonders if she will ever find the mysterious "Killer in Boots".
All-New Atom.
Liza Warner returned to the DC Universe in the pages of "All-New Atom" #6 and #11, now having become Chief of Police for Ivy Town. She advises and assists the new Atom Ryan Choi.

</doc>
<doc id="19873659" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873659" title="Figure skating at the 1924 Winter Olympics – Ladies' singles">
Figure skating at the 1924 Winter Olympics – Ladies' singles

The ladies's individual figure skating event was held as part of the figure skating programme at the 1924 Winter Olympics. It was the third appearance of the event, which had previously been held at the Summer Olympics in 1908 and 1920. The competition was held on Tuesday January 29, 1924 and on Thursday January 31, 1924.
Eight figure skaters from six nations competed.
Results.
Although eleven-year-old Sonja Henie finished last in this competition, she went on to win gold medals in the next three consecutive Olympic Games.
Referee: 
Judges:

</doc>
<doc id="19873663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873663" title="List of active Royal Marines military watercraft">
List of active Royal Marines military watercraft

List of active Royal Marines military watercraft is a list of landing craft and other watercraft in service with the Royal Marines. It consist of a varied fleet of transport vessels, patrol vessels and special forces watercraft (I.e mini submarines etc) maintained by the Royal Navy and designed to transport the Royal Marines or special forces from ship to shore as well as conduct river or estuary patrols. 
Vessels.
The total displacement of these 66 vessels is approximately 5,000 tonnes.
Rigid Raider (RRC) & Inflatable Raiding Craft (IRC).
The Royal Marine Commandos operate a large number of these types of craft, deploying them in amphibious and riverine operations in environments ranging from the Arctic to the tropics. Examples of these craft are embarked on all amphibious warfare vessels. They can also be carried aboard other Royal Navy ships for use on patrol duties, such as searching ships.

</doc>
<doc id="19873667" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873667" title="Tomas Gustafson (disambiguation)">
Tomas Gustafson (disambiguation)

Tomas Gustafson is a Swedish speed skater.
Tomas Gustafson may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19873675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873675" title="Jorge Fernandes (swimmer)">
Jorge Fernandes (swimmer)

Jorge Luiz Fernandes Leite (born April 3, 1962 in Rio de Janeiro) is a former international freestyle swimmer from Brazil, who participated in three consecutive Summer Olympics for his native country, starting in 1980.
Participated at the 1978 World Aquatics Championships in West Berlin, where he finished 24th in the 100-metre freestyle, and 31st in the 200-metre freestyle.
He was at the 1979 Pan American Games, in San Juan. He won a silver medal in the 4×200-metre freestyle. He also finished 6th in the 100-metre freestyle. He broke the South American record of the 4×200-metre freestyle. 
Fernandes won the bronze medal in the men's 4×200-metre freestyle relay event at the 1980 Summer Olympics, alongside Marcus Mattioli, Cyro Delgado, and Djan Madruga, with a time of 7:29.30. He also went to the 4×100-metre medley final, finishing 8th, and swam the 100-metre and 200-metre freestyle, not going to the final. 
At the 1981 Summer Universiade, held in Bucharest, Fernandes won the silver medal in the 200-metre freestyle and bronze medal in the 100-metre freestyle. The 3 Brazilians relays (4×100-metre freestyle, 4×200-metre freestyle, 4×100-metre medley) won bronze too; Fernandes participated in all. 
Participated at the 1982 World Aquatics Championships in Guayaquil, where he finished 7th in the 4×200-metre freestyle final, 8th in the 4×100-metre medley final, 19th in the 200-metre freestyle, and 26th in the 100-metre freestyle.
At the 1983 Summer Universiade, in Edmonton, he finished 7th in the 200-metre freestyle. 
He was at the 1983 Pan American Games, in Caracas. He won silver in the 4×100-metre freestyle and in the 4×200-metre freestyle. He also finished 5th in the 200-metre freestyle, and 6th in the 100-metre freestyle. He broke the South American record in the 4×100-metre freestyle. 
At the 1984 Summer Olympics, in Los Angeles, he finished 9th in the 4×200-metre freestyle, 10th in the 4×100-metre freestyle, and 20th in the 200-metre freestyle.
Participated at the 1986 World Aquatics Championships in Madrid, where he finished 33rd in the 200-metre freestyle, and 40th in the 100-metre freestyle.
He was at the 1987 Pan American Games, in Indianapolis. He won three bronze medals at the three Brazilian relays. He also finished 5th in the 100-metre freestyle, and 8th in the 50-metre freestyle.
At the 1988 Summer Olympics, in Seoul, he finished 10th in the 4×200-metre freestyle, 12th in the 4×100-metre freestyle, 33rd in the 100-metre freestyle, and 37th in the 50-metre freestyle. 
He was the South American record holder of the 100-metre freestyle, between 1980 and 1990. 
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19873712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873712" title="Abdoul Nassirou Omouroun">
Abdoul Nassirou Omouroun

Abdoul Nassirou Omouroun (born on 12 July 1987) is a Togolese footballer currently playing for AS Togo-Port.

</doc>
<doc id="19873715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873715" title="Walter Morosco">
Walter Morosco

Walter Morosco (February 1, 1899 – December 30, 1948) was an American film producer, writer, and director.
Morosco was born in San Francisco, the son of theater impresario Oliver Morosco. He worked for United Artists and Fox Film Corporation before signing a contract with Twentieth Century-Fox.
From 1924 to 1934 he was married to Corinne Griffith. They had no children.
He died at the age of 49 after suffering a stroke.

</doc>
<doc id="19873722" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873722" title="Donora Smog Museum">
Donora Smog Museum

Donora Smog Museum features a collection of archival materials documenting the Donora Smog of 1948, an air inversion of smog containing fluorine that killed 20 people in Donora, Pennsylvania, United States, a mill town 20 miles south of Pittsburgh on the Monongahela River. 
Donora was home to U.S. Steel's Donora Zinc Works and its American Steel & Wire plant. The event is sometimes credited for initiating the clean-air movement in the United States, whose crowning achievement was the Clean Air Act.
The museum, which opened October 20, 2008, is located at 595 McKean Avenue near Sixth Street in an old storefront.
The museum has partnered with California University of Pennsylvania to develop a digital collection of primary sources that are archived on site. 

</doc>
<doc id="19873730" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873730" title="GMR Stadium">
GMR Stadium

The Great Manmade River Stadium (GMR or GMMR stadium) is a football stadium situated just a few metres away from the 11 June Stadium in the heart of Tripoli's sporting city. The stadium is named after the Great Manmade River. The stadium has a capacity of around 20,000 and is currently the home of Libyan Premier League clubs Al Wahda, Al Tersana and Alamn Alaam.
The stadium was opened on 17 May 2000, and was celebrated with a friendly match between Middlesbrough F.C. and A.S. Bari.
This ground has hosted matches at international level, and the most celebrated results on this ground were won by the likes of Al Madina, who defeated ES Tunis 2-1, and on 19 September 2006, Al Ittihad defeated Al Nahdha of Oman in the 2006-07 Arab Champions League.

</doc>
<doc id="19873741" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873741" title="Bob Mensch">
Bob Mensch

Robert "Bob" Mensch (born August 27, 1945) is a Republican politician. He is a former member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, where he represented the 147th legislative district. He was first elected in 2006 to succeed the retiring Raymond Bunt, Jr..
Mensch attended Valley Forge Military Academy and College on a music scholarship. He worked for 27 years as a general manager at AT&T and later for ARBROS Communications as a National Sales Director. In 2010, he voted to make texting while driving a secondary rather than primary offense, watering down the House version of the bill which would make texting while driving a primary offense.
He served as a Marlborough Township Supervisor from 2004 through 2006. He is the co-founder of the Unami Watershed Conservancy and chairman of the Upper Perkiomen Valley Regional Planning Commission.
PA State Senate.
On July 28, 2009, State Senator Rob Wonderling retired from his seat in the 24th district in order to assume the presidency of the Greater Philadelphia Chamber of Commerce. Mensch announced his intention to seek the Republican nomination for the special election as soon as Wonderling announced his plans. With Montgomery County Commissioner and former District Attorney Bruce Castor and former State Representative Jay Moyer withdrawing their names, Mensch had a clear path to the nomination that he received on August 6.
On September 29, Mensch defeated Democrat Lansdale Borough Council member Anne Henning Scheuring with 66% of the vote. In the 2010 general election he defeated Democrat Bill Wallace with 60% of the vote. [http://www.electionreturns.state.pa.us/ElectionsInformation.aspx?FunctionID=13&ElectionID=39&OfficeID=12#24]
In the News.
In May, 2011, Mensch was found guilty of disorderly conduct in a road-rage incident with a handgun, as reported in The Morning Call.

</doc>
<doc id="19873745" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873745" title="Grant Normington">
Grant Normington

Grant Normington (born 9 May 1990 in Kingston upon Hull) is an English former professional footballer who played as a midfielder from 2008 until 2011.
His natural position is on the right side of midfield, although he has been known to play as a right back. Normington played as a professional for Grimsby Town between 2008 and 2010. He went on to have spells with Frickley Athletic and Hall Road Rangers.
Career.
Grimsby Town.
Grant began his career with Grimsby Town and was added to the first team squad during the 2007–08 season by Alan Buckley and was offered a new contract for the following season. He made his debut for the club under Mike Newell as he came on as a substitute for James Hunt in the 82nd minute of the clubs 0–0 away draw with Exeter City. Normington was then given a new two year contract on 28 November 2008 by the club after impressing since the arrival of the new manager.
In an interview to the "Grimsby Telegraph" on 9 December Normington commented at his relief at his chances under the new manager, stating that Alan Buckley failed to help his in his career.
"The feedback from the gaffer has been positive.
"When the old manager was here, he didn't talk to me as much and didn't help me out as much.
"Alan Buckley didn't really give me a chance - not even a sniff.
"I wasn't even on the bench sometimes - even when there were seven subs in the cup, he named just six.
"Since Mike Newell got here, he has been great with me.
"He helps me and tells me my chance will come and this contract backs that up."
On 23 October 2009 Normington joined Frickley Athletic on loan for one month. He re-joined Frickley for a second spell on 21 December 2009. On 28 January 2010 Normington had his contract cancelled by manager Neil Woods and subsequently was released by the club.
Non-league.
On 8 February 2010 it was revealed that Normington had re-joined Frickley on a permanent deal until the end of the season. In October 2010 Normington signed for Hall Road Rangers. Normington left Rangers in 2011 and has since not returned to play football at a competitive level. 

</doc>
<doc id="19873765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873765" title="Georg Sooden">
Georg Sooden

Georg Aleksander Sooden (lived December 2, 1904 – July 28, 1944) was an Estonian officer, serving firstly in the Estonian Army, secondly in Wehrmacht and thirdly in Waffen-SS, fighting mostly in the Estonian area.
Georg Sooden was born in Helsinki, Finland. He had brother Gunnar August Sooden (born in 1903) and sister Irene Johanna Sooden (born in 1907). Their family moved to Estonia into Jõhvi where Georg started learning in Jõhvi grade school and after that in Jõhvi Gymnasium which he graduated in 1924. After school Sooden started working in Jõhvi police station and in 1925 he went to the Estonian Army. Sooden graduated war school in 1927 and as an officer he started work there.
After Estonia was occupied by the Soviet Union in 1941, Sooden had to start serving in the Red Army but he escaped from there and gave himself to the Germans as a prisoner. That same year, Sooden volunteered for the Wehrmacht's Estonian units and he was promoted to Oberleutnant. In September, the Estonian East battalions were moved to Russia, fighting against the Red Army in Volkhov. In May 1943, Sooden was ordered to lead the 659 Estonian East Battalion and on October 16, he was promoted to Hauptmann and was awarded with the Iron cross. On January, 1944 Sooden was promoted to Sturmbannführer. After many battles, soldiers started to call Sooden names like "meie vana" (our old), "vana koll" (old monster) and "vana Jüri" (old Jüri).
In 1944, the battalion came to Jõhvi and soon it was sent to the Narva front in the Kriivasoo swamp. Soon the Estonian East battalions were sent under 20th Waffen Grenadier Division of the SS (1st Estonian) command. He fought in the battle of Narva and the Battle of Tannenberg Line in the Sinimäed Hills.
Georg Sooden died on July 28, 1944 after a Russian shell landed exactly in Sooden's bunker in Blue Hills. Sooden was buried to Jõhvi in the square of the War of Independence. Soon his good friend and warmate Raul Jüriado was buried next to him.
On June 20, 1996 Sooden's and Jüriado's graves were restored.
Awards.
Decorations

</doc>
<doc id="19873772" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873772" title="Ousseni Labo">
Ousseni Labo

Ousseni Labo (born June 11, 1982 in Lomé) is a Togolese footballer, who currently plays for VfL Wolbeck.
Career.
Labo played formerly for FC Eintracht Rheine in the Oberliga Westfalen, he left the team on 15 May 2008. Labo formerly played for SC Verl, SV Davaria Davensberg, GW Gelmer, ESV Münster and FC Modèle da Lomé. On 4 February 2009, he signed a contract with Rot-Weiss Ahlen to play in the reserve team, but after only a half year returned to SV Davaria Davensberg in July 2009.
Position.
He currently plays as Left Midfielder. Formerly, he played Left Back in Lomé, and as striker in his last club.
International career.
Labo played his first game on 22 August 2007 against Zambia, appearing as substitute in minute 60.
Coaching career.
He worked two years as youth coach for ESV Münster, now as U19 Assistant Coach for ESV Münster.

</doc>
<doc id="19873779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873779" title="Composite Gazetteer of Antarctica">
Composite Gazetteer of Antarctica

The Composite Gazetteer of Antarctica (CGA) of the Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR) is the authoritative international gazetteer containing all the Antarctic toponyms published in national gazetteers, plus basic information about those names and the relevant geographical features. The Gazetteer includes also parts of the International Hydrographic Organization (IHO) General Bathymetric Chart of the Oceans (GEBCO) gazetteer for under-sea features situated south of 60° south latitude.
As of December 2013, the overall content of the CGA amounts to 37,169 geographic names for 19,166 features including some 500 features with two or more entirely different names, contributed by the following sources:
<br>
<br>
National Authorities for Antarctic place-names.
Country / Official authority:
Argentina: Instituto Geográfico Militar Sección Toponimia del Servicio de Hidrografía Naval de la Armada Argentina and Instituto Antártico Argentino;<br>
Australia: Australian Antarctic Names and Medals Committee;<br>
Bulgaria: Antarctic Place-names Commission;<br>
Canada: Geographical Names Board of Canada;<br>
Chile: Instituto Hidrográfíco y Oceanográfico de la Armada de Chile (SHOA) and Instituto Geográfico Militar (IGM);<br>
China: Chinese Place-names Committee;<br>
France: Commission de Toponymie des TAAF, Institut Géographique National (Commission of Toponymy of TAAF, National Geographic Institute);<br>
Germany: Ständiger Ausschuß für Geographische Namen (Permanent committee on geographical names);<br>
Italy: Comitato per i nomi geografici antartici (Antarctic geographic names Committee);<br>
Japan: Antarctic Place-names Committee of Japan;<br>
New Zealand: Antarctic Place-names Committee of New Zealand;<br>
Norway: Antarctic Place-names Committee of Norway, Norsk Polarinstitutt;<br>
Poland: Committee of Polar Research of the Polish Academy of Sciences;<br>
Russia: Russian Interministerial Commission on Geographical Names;<br>
UK: British Antarctic Survey UK Antarctic Place-names Committee;<br>
Uruguay: Instituto Antártico Uruguayo;<br>
USA: United States Board on Geographic Names;<br>
GEBCO: GEBCO Sub-Committee on Undersea Feature Names.

</doc>
<doc id="19873805" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873805" title="Phlegethonyarre">
Phlegethonyarre

Phlegethonyarre is a Malebolgia archetypal demon lord, appearing in the Curse of the Spawn miniseries 1-4. He commands power over the 12th Level and, although he puts up a fearsome appearance, he does not engage in any battles nor force Daniel Llanso with his power.
Character description.
He attempts by setup to have Daniel kill his still living sister and her young son, Matt but underestimates how hard it would be to goad his Hellspawn into the murder of his only remaining family. Daniel consequently saves his sister, Madrid Llanso, and Matt, killing a Minor demon named Desiccator. Phlegethonyarre then calls forth his servant Abaddon (the angel of the bottomless pit), and commands him to set up Spawn so that he would be forced to kill Madrid Llanso and/or her son.
The Anti-Pope, an apparently still alive servant of Satan who leads the "Spiritual" forces of Hell's army on Earth, summons forth another named demon (Bune) to attack a human survivor encampment where Madrid and Matt find refuge. The Anti-Pope also sends in a freshly risen necro zombie to infiltrate the camp and pass as human. Spawn battles and with a minor use of his Darklight power saves the human encampment, along with Madrid Llanso and her son, and kills Bune. Matt is kidnapped by the necro zombie and is taken to 'The Tower', where Abaddon awaits Spawn. Spawn arrives and is given a choice to watch as Matt would be "Baptized" (disembowelled and eviscerated, and into the wound is poured worms, roaches, lice, fleas, grubs, spiders, before the person is 'prayed' over, infused with darklight and sewn back up to rise as the undead) or kill him and release his soul to heaven (though this is probably a lie).
Spawn refuses and saves Matt. Battling Abaddon, he again defies Phlegethonyarre and uses his necro darklight energy to destroy the tower, and apparently Abaddon, in a huge blast.
Physical Appearance.
Phlegethonyarre looks much like Malebolgia; a fat, sharp-toothed demon with a large lower jaw dripping pus. Phlegethonyarre has the ability to alter his shape and size, though he only is drawn in his true form. Instead of hair he has spikes growing from his head in the shape of a mohawk. Phlegethonyarre's power seems to come from a form of evil energy called Darklight, an energy similar to Necroplasm.

</doc>
<doc id="19873847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873847" title="Ian Campbell (American football)">
Ian Campbell (American football)

Ian Cade Campbell (born May 15, 1985 in Garden City, Kansas) is a former starting defensive end for Kansas State University. He is a former walk-on and two-time team captain for the Wildcats.
High school.
Campbell went to high school at Cimarron High School. He earned All-Hi Plains League, All-Area, Hutchinson all-area 3A top 11 and 3A all-state honorable mention honors as a junior linebacker. He also received all-league, all-area, Hutchinson all-area 3A Top 11 and honorable mention all-state honors at linebacker as a senior. He set the career tackle record for Cimarron with 324 tackles and also lettered three years in basketball.
College.
2004.
Campbell redshirted the 2004 season.
2005.
He appeared in 10 of 11 of the Wildcats' games. He blocked a punt against Missouri that was returned for a touchdown. He earned team’s Purple Pride award as the top walk-on, displaying quality play, leadership and work ethic.
2006.
He was one of five Wildcats to start and appear in all 13 games. Campbell earned consensus First-team All-Big 12 honors from the league’s coaches, the Associated Press, "The Kansas City Star", the "Dallas Morning News", the "Fort Worth Star-Telegram", the "Houston Chronicle" and the "San Antonio Express-News". He was named Big 12 Defensive Player of the Year by the "Houston Chronicle". He was a semi-finalist for the Hendricks Award. He was also an honorable mention All-American by CNN/SI.com. Campbell finished third on the team in total tackles with 67 and led the Wildcats in both tackles for losses (17.5) and sacks (11.5). His tackle total ranked No. 1 among all Big 12 defensive linemen. He led the Big 12 and ranked 18th nationally in tackles for losses. His sack total tied the K-State single-season record, while ranking No. 2 in the Big 12 and 10th nationally. He also ranked third in the Big 12 with three fumble recoveries in conference games. He collected at least one sack in 9 of 13 games.
2007.
To start the season, Campbell was switched from defensive lineman to outside linebacker to accommodate Ron Prince's 3-4 defense. He seem to struggle but he was a First-team All-Big 12 linebacker by the league’s coaches and Second-team All-Big 12 linebacker by the Associated Press, "The Kansas City Star" and the "Waco Tribune-Herald". After the 2007 season he ranked sixth all-time at K-State with 16 career sacks. Started all 12 games at either end or linebacker. He recorded 45 tackles, including a team-best 11 tackles for loss. Campbell led the Big 12 with four fumble recoveries, which also was one shy of the school record.
2008.
Campbell had another strong year, earning Second-team All-Big 12 defensive lineman honors. He closed out his senior season strong with 4.5 sacks and 47 tackles, and 8 tackles for loss. Campbell recorded his best games of the 2008 season against Louisiana and Iowa State, carding 11 tackles, 1.5 sacks and a pass break up against the Ragin’ Cajuns, while closing out his career with 10 stops and a blocked field goal against the Cyclones.
Campbell ranks sixth in school history with 20.5 career sacks and compiled 37.5 tackles for loss in his career.
NFL.
St. Louis Rams.
On April 26, 2009, was signed by the St. Louis Rams as an undrafted free agent. He received a two- year, $705,000 contract from the Rams, with none guaranteed. He was cut during final cuts on September 5. He was re-signed to the teams' practice squad, but released from it a week later.
CFL.
On April, 13, 2010, was signed for a two year contract plus an option with the Montreal Alouettes but was released prior to seeing any game action.
Personal.
Campbell is the son of Curtis and Audrey Campbell. Campbell has five siblings and he enjoys lifting weights and riding motorcycles.

</doc>
<doc id="19873851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873851" title="Canoeing at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Men's slalom C-2">
Canoeing at the 1996 Summer Olympics – Men's slalom C-2

These are the results of the men's C-2 slalom competition in canoeing at the 1996 Summer Olympics. The C-2 (canoe single) event is raced by two-man canoes through a whitewater course. The venue for the 1996 Olympic competition was at the Toccoa/Ocoee River near the Georgia-Tennessee state line.
Results.
The 15 teams each took two runs through the whitewater slalom course on July 28. The best time of the two runs counted for the event.

</doc>
<doc id="19873856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873856" title="Mike Vereb">
Mike Vereb

Michael "Mike" Vereb is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, representing the 150th legislative district. He was first elected in 2006.
Vereb graduated from the Montgomery County Police Academy in 1986 and worked for the West Consohohocken Police Department and in Corporate Security for Comcast and Day and Zimmerman. He served President of the West Norriton Township Board of Commissioners prior to his election to the House of Representatives.

</doc>
<doc id="19873865" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873865" title="Soman (disambiguation)">
Soman (disambiguation)

Soman is a chemical weapon.
Soman may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19873889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873889" title="Malaysia–New Zealand relations">
Malaysia–New Zealand relations

Malaysia–New Zealand relations refers to foreign relations between Malaysia and New Zealand. Malaysia has a high commission in Wellington, and New Zealand has a high commission in Kuala Lumpur. Both countries are full members of the Commonwealth of Nations.
The Malaysia–New Zealand Free Trade Agreement was signed into force on 26 October 2009 in Kuala Lumpur.

</doc>
<doc id="19873919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873919" title="Helmut Sonnenfeldt">
Helmut Sonnenfeldt

Helmut Sonnenfeldt (September 13, 1926 - November 18, 2012), also known as Hal Sonnenfeldt, was an American foreign policy expert. He was known as "Kissinger’s Kissinger" for his philosophical affinity with and influence on Henry A. Kissinger, the architect of American foreign policy in the Nixon and Ford administrations. 
He was a veteran staff member of the National Security Council, and held several advisory posts in the U.S. government and the private sector. Later in life he was a visiting scholar at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies and a Guest Scholar at The Brookings Institution.
Early life.
Sonnenfeldt was born in 1926 in Berlin, Germany, to Drs. Walther and Gertrud (Liebenthal) Sonnenfeldt. His family was Jewish. He spent his childhood in Gardelegen, Germany, where his parents had a family medical practice. In 1938, Sonnenfeldt was sent to Anna Essinger's Bunce Court School in England, as was his brother, Richard Sonnenfeldt. Helmut Sonnenfeldt remained in England until 1944, when he immigrated to the United States and rejoined his parents, who had resettled in Baltimore, Maryland. He entered the U.S. Army in 1944, became a naturalized American citizen and served in both the Philippines and in the U.S. occupation forces in Germany.
After military service, he attended Johns Hopkins University (BA 1950, MA 1951, Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies).
Career.
Helmut Sonnenfeldt entered service in the U.S. Department of State in 1952 as a member of the staff of the Office of Research on the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe, and served as the Director of that Office from 1963-1969.
Within days of the 1968 Nixon election, Henry Kissinger picked him to serve on the National Security Council staff. He was a senior staff member of the National Security Council from 1969-1974. In 1974, he was appointed Counselor of the U.S. Department of State, where he served from 1974, continuing after Nixon's resignation for the duration of the Ford administration.
During his time in the National Security Council and in the State Department, he was a close assistant and adviser of Kissinger and became known as "Kissinger's Kissinger".
After leaving government service, he was a visiting scholar at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies. Since 1978, he had been a Guest Scholar at the Brookings Institution in Washington, D.C..
Family.
In 1953, he married Marjorie Hecht. They had three children: Babette Hecht, Walter Herman and Stewart Hecht.
Death.
Sonnenfeldt died on Sunday, November 18, 2012 after a long illness, leaving behind his wife and their three children. The cause was complications of Alzheimer’s disease.
Publications.
He is author of the following books and articles:
Awards.
He has also been honored by the governments of France, Germany, Luxembourg and Sweden.

</doc>
<doc id="19873955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873955" title="Marcus Mattioli">
Marcus Mattioli

Marcus Laborne Mattioli (born October 18, 1960 in Belo Horizonte) is a former international freestyle and butterfly swimmer from Brazil, who participated in the 1980 Summer Olympics for his native country. There he won the bronze medal in the men's 4×200-metre freestyle relay event at the 1980 Summer Olympics, alongside Jorge Fernandes, Cyro Delgado, and Djan Madruga.
Participated at the 1978 World Aquatics Championships in West Berlin, where he finished 34th in the 100-metre freestyle, and 29th in the 200-metre freestyle.
He was at the 1979 Pan American Games, in San Juan. He won a silver medal in the 4×200-metre freestyle, and a bronze medal in the 4×100-metre freestyle. He also finished 7th in the 200-metre freestyle, and 13th in the 100-metre freestyle. He broke the South American record of the 4×200-metre freestyle. 
Mattioli won the bronze medal in the men's 4×200-metre freestyle relay event at the 1980 Summer Olympics, alongside Jorge Fernandes, Cyro Delgado, and Djan Madruga, with a time of 7:29.30. He also swam the 100-metre butterfly, 200-metre butterfly and 200-metre freestyle, not going to the final. 
Participated at the 1986 World Aquatics Championships in Madrid, where he finished 29th in the 200-metre butterfly, and 39th in the 100-metre butterfly.
Mattioli still swim, now breaking world records in the Masters category.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19873962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873962" title="Geodirectory">
Geodirectory

GeoDirectory is a service, jointly established by An Post and Ordnance Survey Ireland, that provides a complete database of all of the buildings in the Republic of Ireland and their geolocation details. It holds records for 1.8 million properties.

</doc>
<doc id="19873963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19873963" title="Redworth Hall">
Redworth Hall

Redworth Hall is a 17th-century country house at Redworth, Heighington, County Durham, England now converted to an hotel. It is a listed building.
History.
Lord Robert Surtees, a descendant of the ancient family of Surtees of Low Dinsdale Manor acquired the old manor house and estate at Redworth and carried out substantial rebuilding work in 1744, incorporating some of the 17th fabric. He created an impressive sandstone mansion of two storeys and gabled attics to which further extensions were added in 1820 by his nephew and heir, Robert Smith Surtees who High Sheriff of Durham in 1855. 
Robert Surtees (antiquarian) of Mainforth Hall (now demolished) was a great nephew of the elder Robert.
The Surtees family lived at Redworth until the death in 1955 of Henry SB Surtees (High Sheriff in 1929).
Present day.
Following a period of occupation by a residential school the house was converted to a hotel. 
The building was reputed to be haunted by a child walking along the corridors. Folklore has it that Lord Surtees had his mentally ill child chained to the fireplace whose cries of anguish can still be heard. It also tells the story of the peer's affair with his scullery maid, who committed suicide by throwing herself down the staircase when his wife discovered she was pregnant.

</doc>
<doc id="19874023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874023" title="2001 Hamburg Masters">
2001 Hamburg Masters

The 2001 Hamburg Masters was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 94th edition of the Hamburg Masters and was part of the Tennis Masters Series of the 2001 ATP Tour. It took place at the Am Rothenbaum in Hamburg in Germany from May 14 through May 20, 2001.
The men's field was headlined by ATP No. 1, Buenos Aires, Acapulco, Monte Carlo and Hamburg defending champion Gustavo Kuerten, Paris and US Open champion and Dubai runner-up Marat Safin, and Australian Open, Indian Wells and Miami champion and San Jose runner-up Andre Agassi. Other top seeds competing were Wimbledon defending champion Pete Sampras, Sydney and Scottsdale finalist Magnus Norman, Yevgeny Kafelnikov, Lleyton Hewitt and Juan Carlos Ferrero.

</doc>
<doc id="19874044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874044" title="2002 Hamburg Masters">
2002 Hamburg Masters

The 2002 Hamburg Masters was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 95th edition of the Hamburg Masters and was part of the Tennis Masters Series of the 2002 ATP Tour. It took place at the Am Rothenbaum in Hamburg in Germany from May 13 through May 19, 2002.
The men's field was headlined by. Other top seeds competing were.

</doc>
<doc id="19874066" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874066" title="Douglas Bradshaw">
Douglas Bradshaw

Air Commodore Douglas Bradshaw, DFC, CD, ADC was a Canadian Air Commodore and educator. He was the Commandant of the Royal Military College of Canada from 1954-7. He was the first president of Confederation College of Applied Arts and Technology from March 6, 1967 to 1974.
Education.
Douglas Alexander Ransome Bradshaw was born on May 15, 1912 in Ottawa, Ontario (ON). He was educated in London, Ontario. He graduated from the Royal Military College of Canada in Kingston, Ontario, in 1934, student # 2140.
Military career.
He was commissioned in the Royal Canadian Dragoons. He transferred to the RCAF in 1935. He received his pilot's license in 1936. He served as a flying instructor at Camp Borden, Ontario from 1935-1939. In December 1941, he was posted overseas. From March 1942 until April 1943, Wing Commander Bradshaw commanded 420 Snowy Owl Squadron. During this time, Bradshaw led his squadron in some of the first 1000 plane bomber raids into Germany.
At the end of World War II, Group Captain Bradshaw served at RCAF headquarters in Ottawa as Director of Air Operations. He was promoted to the rank of Air Commodore in January 1953. He served as Chief of Training for the RCAF.
He returned to RMC in Kingston as Commandant and ADC to the Governor-General (1947–54). He served as Deputy Air Officer Commanding (Operations) at Air Defense Command Headquarters, St. Hubert, Quebec in 1957.
In November 1959, he was appointed Deputy for Operations for Northern NORAD Region Headquarters, in St. Hubert, Quebec. He was appointed Chief Staff Officer at the RCAF's No. 1 Air in July 1961.
Awards.
He was awarded the DFC effective June 3, 1943, for his skill and bravery as a pilot. He led 420 Snowy Owl Squadronon many risky and dangerous sorties to heavily defended enemy targets in Germany.
Civilian career.
Air Vice Marshall (ret`d) Douglas Bradshaw was the first president of Confederation College from March 6, 1967 to 1974. Confederation College was founded as a trade school in 1967, during the formation of Ontario’s college system. His vision of an aviation program in the north was implemented in the College’s Aviation Centre of Excellence.
Legacy.
He died on 1/10/1996. In his memory, the Douglas Bradshaw Athletic Achievement Award is presented to a graduating student, having the most improvement in and contribution to athletics and whose quality of spirit and competitive drive contributed to the overall success of the Confederation College Athletic program.

</doc>
<doc id="19874102" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874102" title="Figure skating at the 1924 Winter Olympics – Pairs">
Figure skating at the 1924 Winter Olympics – Pairs

The pairs figure skating event was held as part of the figure skating programme at the 1924 Winter Olympics. It was the third appearance of the event, which had previously been held at the Summer Olympics in 1908 and 1920. The competition was held on Thursday January 31, 1924.
Eighteen figure skaters from seven nations competed.
Results.
Referee: 
Judges:

</doc>
<doc id="19874110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874110" title="DXQZ">
DXQZ

DXQZ (1368 kHz Metro Davao) was an AM station owned and operated by Mabuhay Broadcasting Systems, Inc. in the Philippines. The station's studio was located in Matina, Davao City. DXQZ is a relay station of DZXQ.
Following the demise of DZXQ (now DWUN) in March 2011, DXQZ became defunct.

</doc>
<doc id="19874122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874122" title="Elīna Babkina">
Elīna Babkina

Elīna Babkina (born April 24, 1989 in Riga) is a Latvian women's basketball player currently playing for the Romanian Divizia A club CSM Târgovişte and Latvia women's national basketball team.
Babkina was already offered a deal with Russian Superleague team UMMC Ekaterinburg at age 16. She was a member of TTT/Rīga until April 2008, when the team fired her. In September she signed a contract with SK Cēsis. Babkina has played in 2008 Summer Olympics.
She was involved in a car crash on November 24, 2008. She was a passenger. Although she had worn her seat belt, she had a light concussion.
WNBA.
Babkina was selected the third round of the 2011 WNBA Draft (29th overall) by the Los Angeles Sparks.

</doc>
<doc id="19874123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874123" title="Curt Schroder">
Curt Schroder

Curtis "Curt" Schroder is former a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives. He represents the 155th district for nine terms. Schroder resigned on May 6, 2012. Schroder was the Republican Chairman of the House Gaming Oversight Committee, and was also on the House Insurance Committee.
Career.
Prior to his time in the House, Schroder was Prothonotary for Chester County from 1992-1994. 
He began his involvement in public service in 1984, when he worked on constituent issues in the district office of Congressman Richard Schultze. Schroder also served as Campaign Coordinator for Schulze for Congress in 1984. 
Following his time with Congressman Schulze, Schroder worked for Nationwide Insurance as an associate agent before beginning his legal career with the firm of German, Gallagher and Murtagh from 1987 through 1991.
Following Jim Gerlach's July 14, 2009 announcement that he intended to vacate his Congressional seat to run for Governor of Pennsylvania, Schroder announced his candidacy for Congress. Schroder was considered the frontrunner for the GOP nomination, until Gerlach ended his candidacy for governor and announced he would be running for his Congressional seat once again. Gerlach's announcement prompted Schroder to end his bid for Congress.
Personal.
Schroder is member of the Downingtown Lions Club. He also serves on the Board of Directors of Brandywine Hospital, the Transportation Management Association of Chester County (TMACC), and the Brandywine YMCA.
Schroder is a 1979 graduate of Downingtown High School. He holds a bachelor’s degree in political science from Indiana University of Pennsylvania. He earned his Juris Doctorate from Widener University School of Law in 1989.
He and his wife reside in Downingtown with their two children, Mark and Kristen.

</doc>
<doc id="19874135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874135" title="Adolf Fredrik Munck">
Adolf Fredrik Munck

Adolf Fredrik, Count Munck af Fulkila (Rantasalmi, Finland, 28 April 1749 – Massa-Carrara, Italy, 18 July 1831) was a Swedish and Finnish noble, during the Gustavian era.
Biography.
Adolf Fredrik Munck was born to Anders Erik Munck af Fulkila (1720 Skaraborg - 4 September 1779) and Hedvig Juliana Wright (1729 - Lojo 30 December 1808), whom he had wed at St. Michel's then country church at 15 November 1747.
He entered the Swedish royal court, where he became a close friend of the king, Gustaf III. Munck became for his love affairs. Among his lovers were Anna Sofia Ramström, an employee of the queen
. In 1775, hired by the king to assist him in the consummation of his marriage with Queen Sophie Magdalena; he was to act as sexual instructor for the couple. The King, claiming to be sexually inexperienced
called upon Munck to help him with a reconciliation with his spouse and instruct the couple in the ways of sexual intercourse and to physically show them how to consummate their marriage. Munck, a Finnish nobleman and at the time a stable master was at that point the lover of Anna Sofia Ramström the Queen's chamber maid. Munck and Ramström were to be present in a room close to the bedchamber, ready to be of assistance when needed, and he was at some points called into the bedchamber. Munck himself writes in his written account, which is preserved at the National Archives of Sweden, that in order to succeed, he was obliged to touch them both physically.
This "aid" resulted in the birth of the future King Gustaf IV Adolf in 1778. These favors resulted in a great scandal when they became known. Munck was widely spoken of as the lover of the king "and" the queen. When it became known that Munck participated in the reconciliation between the royal couple, there were rumours that he was the father of Sophia Magdalena's firstborn.
These became the subject of accusations from the political opposition, as late as in 1786 and 1789,
where it was claimed that the whole nation was aware of the rumour that the King had asked Munck to make the Queen pregnant.
Pamphlets to that end were posted on street corners all over Stockholm. 
There were also a rumour of a secret marriage between Munck and the queen. The story about the secret marriage was described by the king's sister-in-law Hedwig Elizabeth Charlotte of Holstein-Gottorp and reads as follows: in 1775, when the marriage between the king's brother and sister-in-law did not lead to the birth of any issue, the king asked the queen to take a lover to provide the throne with an heir When she refused this suggestion, he asked for a reconciliation and selected Munck as a mediator with the thought that the queen would find Munck attractive, as she seemed to like his company and he was similar to her in his appearance. When Munck revealed the King's true wish and asked her to give in for the sake of the state and she again declined, the king divorced the queen in secret and had her married to Munck in a secret ceremony conducted by Johan Wingård The only witnesses to this marriage except Munck, the king and the queen, was Wingård, who were appointed bishop of Gothenburg to general amazement despite his youth and Anna Sofia Ramström, who was fired from her position at court and was later poisoned, though the circumstances behind her death were never confirmed. It was widely rumoured at the time that Ramström had been forced to resign in 1779 because of the queen's jealousy and that she had been given a pension on condition that she be silent about the relationship between Munck and the queen
Munck was believed to have been rewarded by both the king and the queen for his support. He received a portrait of the queen by herself set in diamonds. He was appointed Master of the Horse ("Riksstallmästare)", knight and governor of the Royal Order of the Seraphim. He was created Baron "(Friherre)" Munck af Fulkila on 27 December 1778 (introduced in registry of the nobility in 1788, under nr 309), and finally Count "Greve" Munck af Fulkila on 4 July 1788 (introduced 16 May 1789 under nr 103). In 1787, Sophia Magdalena deposited a sum of 50.000 riksdaler in an account for Munck, which was generally rumoured to be a "farewell gift".
At this point, Munck had started an affair with the ballerina Giovanna Bassi, to whom Sophia Magdalena showed great dislike.
The King was terrified when he heard that the queen had made that deposit, and he tried to prevent the transaction from becoming public knowledge, which, however, did not succeed.
A child of Giovanna Bassi's, rumoured to be the child of Munck, bore a strong likeness to the Crown Prince.
These allegations had long going consequences: after Gustaf IV Adolf was deposed in 1809, the Gustavian party tried to get his son Gustavus, Crown Prince of Sweden accepted as crown prince in 1809 and 1810, but were unsuccessful. The Swedish princess Hedwig Elizabeth Charlotte of Holstein-Gottorp, queen in 1809, was one of the leading people of the Gustavian party. She often visited ex-queen Frederica in her house arrest and worked for prince Gustav to be acknowledged as heir to the throne. She wrote of this issue in her diaries: during a dinner, General Georg Adlersparre told her, that Jean Baptiste Bernadotte had asked whether she had any issue, and was interested when he found she had not. She said that the throne already had an heir in the deposed King's son. Adlersparre became upset and expressed the opinion of his party, that no one of the instigators of the coup would accept this, as they feared that the boy would revenge against them when he became King, and that they would go as far as take up the old rumour that the deposed King was in fact illegitimate and the son of Queen Sophia Magdalena and Count Adolf Fredrik Munck af Fulkila to prevent this. The affair was also inspired literature: it was part of the plot in Carl Jonas Love Almquist's "Drottningens juvelsmycke", the first historical novel written in Swedish.
In 1791, he was discovered creating forged notes on Drottningholm Palace, abetting Charles Appelkvist. In 1791, the king was to have contemplated to divorce the queen by exposing her alleged secret marriage to Munck After the death of the king in 1792, Count Munck af Fulkila was forced to leave Sweden. Before his departure, the regent, duke Charles, demanded that he turn over certain documents which could scandalize the royal house if they became known In 1795, he asked for permission to return to Sweden, and when denied, he reportedly threatened to expose the marriage certificate between himself and the queen 
He was ennobled as a Count in the Duchy of Parma and Piacenza in 1816.

</doc>
<doc id="19874156" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874156" title="The Lodger (2009 film)">
The Lodger (2009 film)

The Lodger is a 2009 mystery/thriller film directed by David Ondaatje and starring Alfred Molina, Hope Davis and Simon Baker. It is based on the novel "The Lodger" by Marie Belloc Lowndes, filmed previously by Alfred Hitchcock in 1927, by Maurice Elvey in 1932, by John Brahm in 1944, and as "Man in the Attic" (1953) directed by Hugo Fregonese.
Plot.
The film follows two parallel storylines, one being about a troubled detective (Molina) who plays a cat-and-mouse game with an unknown killer, and the other being about an emotionally disturbed landlady and her relationship with her enigmatic "lodger" (Simon Baker).
Cast.
Storyline 1:
Storyline 2:
Release.
The film premiered on January 23, 2009 in limited release in New York and Los Angeles, and was released on DVD on February 10, 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19874159" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874159" title="Lac des Arcs (Alberta)">
Lac des Arcs (Alberta)

Lac des Arcs is a lake in Alberta, Canada that forms part of the Bow River.
Located within Alberta's Rockies, the Hamlet of Lac des Arcs is located on the lake's southeastern shore, while the Lafarge Exshaw Plant and a limestone quarry lie on the lake's northern shore. 
The Trans-Canada Highway runs along the southern shore, and a Canadian Pacific Railway line and Highway 1A follow the northern shore. The lake is also locally known for having a small island with nothing but a picnic bench on it, which is visible from the Trans-Canada Highway.

</doc>
<doc id="19874167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874167" title="Axelson (company)">
Axelson (company)

The Axelson Aircraft Engine Company was a manufacturer of aircraft engines based in Los Angeles in the late 1920s.
Their engines were originally known as 'Floco', because the manufacturer was originally Frank L. Odenbreidt Co. Their products included the 115 hp Axelson A-7-R and 150 hp Axelson B. Axelson engines were used to power the Swallow F28-AX, among other contemporary aircraft.

</doc>
<doc id="19874169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874169" title="Pacific Broadcasting Systems">
Pacific Broadcasting Systems

Pacific Broadcasting Systems is a radio network in the Philippines. It is a subsidiary of Manila Broadcasting Company. It operates the brands Aksyon Radyo and Yes FM.
Aksyon Radyo.
Aksyon Radyo is a radio network that focuses its news/talk and some drama formats on provincial AM stations in key cities using their dialects. The first Aksyon Radyo was the converted DYRC AM in Cebu city which was renamed DYXR AM Aksyon Radyo - Cebu!
The origins of Aksyon Radyo can be traced to the original DYRC, first known as KZRC in 1929 by the Radio Corporation of the Philippines, then was sold to Isaac Beck. In 1940, the Heacock Company bought KZRC.
After World War II, the Elizalde family bought all Heacock stations and signals the birth of Manila Broadcasting Company. KZRC became DYRC after Philippine independence. KZRC AM is the pioneering AM station for the Visayas and Mindanao areas. It is an affiliate of MBC flagship AM station in Manila, DZRH; and spins off the "new" DYRC/Radio Cebu together with all local AM stations in the provincial areas under MBC into "Aksyon Radyo" provincial AM stations.
The current head of Aksyon Radyo AM Network Operations and Programs is Ed Montilla. He is assisted by the AM Research Manager Juan Yandug!
Yes FM.
It started in 1992 as the show business gossip and music station, 101.1 Showbiz Tsismis. At that time, its callsign was DWST, which stood for "Showbiz Tsismis" (Showbiz Gossip). It had a mix of show business news and the latest music hits, and even employed reporters with a reporting style similar to that of local AM stations.
On December 8, 1998, 101.1 was re-launched as YES FM! with a different call sign (DWYS). It’s format was adult contemporary / easy listening same as its sister station 90.7 Love Radio and became the undisputed number 1 FM station in 1999 to 2002. Its slogan from 2002 to 2008 was "Derecho!" & "YESterday Pa"! In 2008, it was again repackaged and became automated and adopts the slogan Automatic 'Yan! YES-FM.
In the middle of 2009, Yes FM in Baguio, Cebu, Iloilo, Bacolod & Davao changed its brand to Easy Rock. Recently in 2014, Hot FM stations owned and managed by the Manila Broadcasting Company including Cebu, Zamboanga, Cauayan and Dagupan rebranded into Yes FM.

</doc>
<doc id="19874173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874173" title="The Circus Surprise">
The Circus Surprise

The Circus Surprise is a children's book written by Ralph Fletcher and illustrated by Vladimir Vagin. It was first published in 2001.
Plot summary.
Nick is taken to the circus as a surprise for his birthday. While at the circus he follows his nose looking for the cotton candy, and when he turns around his parents are gone. A clown on stilts comes to his rescue and puts him on his shoulders and they locating his parents. While they are searching for Nick's parents the clown has Nick in a small pouch and as they travel he tells Nick to look out at the circus and makes Nick laugh by saying that the lions are kittens and the people were ants.
Reception.
Bina Williams in her review for the School Library Journal said "Fletcher details an occurrence that is bound to happen to just about every kid at one time or another--getting lost in a public place. Vagin's gouache pictures vividly portray the details of a circus that is big enough to be interesting but not so big as to be scary." Publishers Weekly was mixed in their review saying "Fletcher's text is by turns reassuring and practical in tone, providing tips that readers will find useful if facing a predicament like Nick's. Vagin's tightly composed gouaches show crowds, but the bustle doesn't come through. While his work is highly detailed (e.g., he finely delineates the lions' fur and manes, and shows the trim on an acrobat's costume), the scenes themselves look stiff and static."

</doc>
<doc id="19874177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874177" title="Kamran Khan (footballer)">
Kamran Khan (footballer)

Kamran Khan (born on 23 March 1985) is a Pakistani footballer, who plays for KRL FC. 
He was selected for the 2008 Nepal friendlies and the 2008 AFC Challenge Cup qualifiers where he won his first cap.

</doc>
<doc id="19874238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874238" title="Jamshed Anwar">
Jamshed Anwar

Jamshed Anwar (born on 30 November 1974) is a Pakistani footballer, who plays for WAPDA FC.
Anwar plays as a defender and won his first cap against Guam in 2008 where he scored 2 goals.

</doc>
<doc id="19874270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874270" title="Osaka Municipal Subway 30000 series">
Osaka Municipal Subway 30000 series

The is a rapid transit electric multiple unit (EMU) train type operated by Osaka Municipal Subway in Japan since 2009.
Based on the New 20 series design, thirteen 6-car sets are on order to replace the older 30 series sets on the Tanimachi Line. The first set was unveiled in October 2008, and entered service on 18 March 2009.
12 10-car 30000 series sets are also on order for use on the Midōsuji Line, with the first set scheduled to enter service from 10 December 2011, replacing the older 10 series sets.
Formation.
The 6-car Tanimachi Line trainsets are formed as follows, with car 1 at the Yao-Minami end.
The 10-car Midōsuji Line trainsets are formed as follows, with car 1 at the Nakamozu end.

</doc>
<doc id="19874282" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874282" title="Paul Rust">
Paul Rust

Paul Robert Rust (born April 12, 1981) is an American actor, comedian and writer.
Life and career.
Rust was born in Le Mars, Iowa, to Jeanne and Bob Rust. He was raised Catholic and attended Gehlen Catholic High School, subsequently graduating from the University of Iowa in May 2004.
Rust is best known as a stand-up and sketch comedian at the Upright Citizens Brigade Theater (UCBT) in Los Angeles. At UCBT, he is currently a member of the sketch comedy groups "A Kiss From Daddy" and "Last Day of School". He has appeared in films such as "Inglourious Basterds", "Ass Backwards", "Freak Dance", "Paper Heart" and "Semi-Pro". He made his most high profile acting role in the summer of 2009, playing the male lead in the film "I Love You, Beth Cooper". Rust has written for television programs such as "Human Giant" and "Moral Orel". Rust and comedienne Charlyne Yi formed the band "The Glass Beef" in 2006. The two appeared together in a video for 'Song Away' by Hockey. He is also the lead singer and bass player in the comedy rock trio "Don't Stop or We'll Die", with fellow comedians Michael Cassady and Harris Wittels.
In November 2010, Rust appeared in the Comedy Central sketch comedy special ""This Show Will Get You High"", created by and starring Matt Besser. He is currently working with Paul Ruebens on writing an upcoming Pee-Wee Herman film, that will be produced by Judd Apatow.
Rust appears as a frequent guest on the "Comedy Bang Bang" podcast, where he is best known for his "New No Nos" segment.
Rust currently writes for IFC's "Comedy Bang Bang" and also worked as a writer and story editor on the revived for Netflix 4th season of "Arrested Development" in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19874285" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874285" title="Mitja Brulc">
Mitja Brulc

Mitja Brulc (born 7 December 1979 in Novo Mesto) is a Slovenian footballer, who currently plays for Krka in the Slovenian PrvaLiga.

</doc>
<doc id="19874335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874335" title="Edward Ryley Langworthy">
Edward Ryley Langworthy

Edward Ryley (or Riley) Langworthy (1797 - 7 April 1874) was a British businessman and Liberal politician.
Langworthy was born in London, the son of a Somerset merchant. After spending some years in South and Central America, he moved to Salford, Lancashire in 1840 to establish a cotton business with his brother, George. Langworthy Brothers and Company was established at Greengate Mills.
When Salford was incorporated as a municipal borough in 1844, Langworthy was elected as the first alderman for Trinity ward. He was the borough's fifth mayor, elected for two consecutive terms from 1848 to 1850. His term as mayor saw the establishment of the free public museum and library at Peel Park
In January 1857, Salford's Liberal member of parliament, Joseph Brotherton, died. Langworthy was selected as the party's candidate for the vacancy, and as the only nominee, was elected unopposed on 2 February. Following his election he gave a speech outlining his political views: he supported the temperance movement, free trade and civil and religious freedom, the reform of parliament, strengthened local government, but opposed any increase in the size of the country's armed forces. He was only Salford's MP for a matter of months, as he did not stand at the subsequent general election later in the year.
Langworthy retained his connection with Salford Corporation, and on his death in 1874 left £10,000 to the museum and library he had helped establish. Langworthy Road, constructed shortly after his death, was named in his memory by Salford Borough Council.

</doc>
<doc id="19874338" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874338" title="Libušnje">
Libušnje

Libušnje () is a small village in the Municipality of Kobarid in the Littoral region of Slovenia.
The local church, dedicated to the Holy Spirit, was originally built in 1753, and rebuilt in the second half of the 19th century. Its ceiling was painted by Ivan Grohar.
Another local church is built on a small hill outside the village and is dedicated to Saint Lawrence. It is a Baroque church from the mid-18th century. The Slovene poet Simon Gregorčič is buried in the adjacent cemetery.

</doc>
<doc id="19874350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874350" title="TekWorld">
TekWorld

"William Shatner's TekWorld (or Tek World") was a comic book series published by Epic Comics/Marvel, from 1992 to 1995. It is based on the "TekWar" novels.
Publication history.
Lee Sullivan, who was the principal artist on the series (providing the art for 16 issues and all the covers), had worked with Evan Skolnick on Marvel's "RoboCop" series, and it was Skolnick who recommended Sullivan to the editor Fabian Nicieza when they lost the original artist for the project. Sullivan was also allowed to produce the full line art because, he says, "I had found it difficult to provide pencils that anyone could ink well, and the results were much better."
Following a request from Shatner, the look of the series was adjusted to parallel the television series when it was in production Despite being more closely tied-into the expanding "TekWar" franchise, the title was one of those which got cut during Marvel's financial problems in the mid-nineties, with the last issue cover dated August 1994.
Collected editions.
Part of the series has been collected into a trade paperback:

</doc>
<doc id="19874353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874353" title="Surface extended X-ray absorption fine structure">
Surface extended X-ray absorption fine structure

Surface extended X-ray absorption fine structure (SEXAFS)is the surface-sensitive equivalent of the EXAFS technique. This technique involves the illumination of the sample by hig-intensity X-ray beams from a synchrotron and monitoring their photoabsorption by detecting in the intensity of Auger electrons as a function of the incident photon energy. Surface sensitivity is achieved by the interpretation of data depending on the intensity of the Auger electrons (which have an escape depth of ~1–2 nm) instead of looking at the relative absorption of the X-rays as in the parent method, EXAFS.
The photon energies are tuned through the characteristic energy for the onset of core level excitation for surface atoms. The core holes thus created can then be filled by nonradiative decay of a higher-lying electron and communication of energy to yet another electron, which can then escape from the surface (Auger emission). The photoabsorption can therefore be monitored by direct detection of these Auger electrons to the total photoelectron yield. The absorption coefficient versus incident photon energy contains oscillations which are due to the interference of the backscattered Auger electrons with the outward propagating waves. The period of this oscillations depends on the type of the backscattering atom and its distance from the central atom. Thus, this technique enables the investigation of interatomic distances for adsorbates and their coordination chemistry.
This technique benefits from long range order not being required, which sometimes becomes a limitation in the other conventional techniques like LEED (about 10 nm). This method also largely eliminates the background from the signal. It also benefits because it can probe different species in the sample by just tuning the X-ray photon energy to the absorption edge of that species. Joachim Stöhr played a major role in the initial development of this technique.
Experimental setup.
Synchrotron radiation sources.
Normally, the SEXAFS work is done using synchrotron radiation as it has highly collimated, plane-polarized and precisely pulsed X-ray sources, with fluxes of 1012 to 1014 photons/sec/mrad/mA and greatly improves the signal-to-noise ratio over than obtainable from conventional sources. The experimental setup for the conventional EXAFS is shown here in Figure 2. A bright source X-ray source is illuminating the sample and the transmission is being measured as the absorption coefficient as
where "I" is the transmitted and "Io" is the incident intensity of the X-rays. Then it is plotted against the energy of the incoming X-ray photon energy.
Electron detectors.
In SEXAFS, an electron detector and a high vacuum chamber is required to calculate the Auger yields instead of the intensity of the transmitted X-ray waves. The detector can be either an energy analyzer, as in the case of Auger measurements, or an electron multiplier, as in the case of total or partial secondary electron yield. The energy analyzer gives rise to better resolution while the electron multiplier has larger solid angle acceptance.
Signal to noise ratio.
The equation governing the signal to noise ratio is
where
Physics.
Basics.
The absorption of an X-ray photon by the atom excites a core level electron, thus generating a core hole. This generates a spherical electron wave with the excited atom as the center. The wave propagates outwards and get scattered off from the neighbouring atoms and is turned back towards the central ionized atom. The oscillatory component of the photoabsorption originates from the coupling of this reflected wave to the initial state via the dipole operator "Mfs" as in (1). The Fourier transform of the oscillations gives the information about the spacing of the neighboring atoms and their chemical environment. This phase information is carried over to the oscillations in the Auger signal because the transition time in Auger emission is of the same order of magnitude as the average time for a photoelectron in the energy range of interest. Thus, with a proper choice of the absorption edge and characteristic Auger transition, measurement of the variation of the intensity in a particular Auger line as a function of incident photon energy would be a measure of the photoabsorption cross section.
This excitation also triggers various decay mechanisms. These can be of radiative (fluorescence) or nonradiative (Auger and Coster–Kronig) nature. The intensity ratio between the Auger electron and X-ray emissions depends on the atomic number "Z". The yield of the Auger electrons decreases with increasing "Z".
Theory of EXAFS.
The cross section of photoabsorption is given by the Fermi golden rule formula, which, in the dipole approximation, is given as
where the initial state, "i" with energy "Ei", consists of the atomic core and the Fermi sea, and the incident radiation field, the final state, ƒ with energy "E"ƒ (larger than the Fermi level), consists of a core hole and an excited electron. ε is the polarization vector of the electric field, "e" the electron charge, and "ħω" the x-ray photon energy. The photoabsorption signal contains a peak when the core level excitation is neared. It is followed by an oscillatory component which originates from the coupling of that part of the electron wave which upon scattering by the medium is turned back towards the central ionized atom, where it couples to the initial state via the dipole operator, "Mi".
Assuming single-scattering and small atom approximation for "kRj" » 1, where "Rj" is the distance from the central excited atom to the "j"th shell of neighbors and "k" is the photoelectrons wave vector,
where "ħωT" is the absorption edge energy and "Vo" is the inner potential of the solid associated with exchange and correlation, the following expression for the oscillatory component of the photoabsorption cross section (for K-shell excitation) is obtained:
where the atomic scattering factor in a partial wave expansion with partial wave phase-shifts "δl" is given by
"Pl"("x") is the "l"th Legendre polynomial, γ is an attenuation coefficient, exp(−2"σi"2"k"2) is a Debye-Waller factor and weight "Wj" is given in terms of the number of atoms in the "j"th shell and their distance as
The above equation for the "χ"("k") forms the basis of a direct, Fourier transform, method of analysis which has been successfully applied to the analysis of the EXAFS data.
Incorporation of EXAFS-Auger.
The number of electrons arriving at the detector with an energy of the characteristic "WαXY" Auger line (where "Wα" is the absorption edge core-level of element "α", to which the incident x-ray line has been tuned) can be written as
where "NB"("ħω") is the background signal and formula_10 is the Auger signal we are interested in, where
formula_11
where formula_12 is the probability that an excited atom will decay via "WαXY" Auger transition, "ρα"("z") is the atomic concentration of the element "α" at depth "z", "λ"("WαXY") is the mean free path for an "WαXY" Auger electron, "θ" is the angle that the escaping Auger electron makes with the surface normal and "κ" is the photon emission probability which is dictated the atomic number. As the photoabsorption probability, formula_13 is the only term that is dependent on the photon energy, the oscillations in it as a function of energy would give rise to similar oscillations in the formula_10.

</doc>
<doc id="19874358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874358" title="Archery at the 1960 Summer Paralympics">
Archery at the 1960 Summer Paralympics

Archery at the 1960 Summer Paralympics consisted of eight archery events, four for men and four for women.

</doc>
<doc id="19874359" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874359" title="De Lamar Jensen">
De Lamar Jensen

De Lamar Jensen was a historian of early modern Europe and a faculty member of the history department at Brigham Young University (BYU). He wrote several books on Europe during the renaissance and reformation.
Biography.
Jensen was born and raised in Idaho. He was a fighter pilot in World War II. After the war he studied for a year at BYU and then was a physics teacher at a high school in Idaho for a year. He then served a mission for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Mexico and Guatemala. It was while serving as a missionary that he decided to shift to studying history. After his mission he returned to BYU and in 1952 earned a BA in history. He then earned an MA and PhD from Columbia University.
Jensen joined the BYU history department in 1957. In 1979 he was a fellow of the Guggenheim Foundation.
Among Jensen's works are "Renaissance Europe: Age of Recovery and Reconciliation", "Reformation Europe: Age of Reform and Revolution", "Confrontation at Worms: Martin Luther and the Diet of Worms" and "Diplomacy and Dogmatism: Bernardino de Mendoza and the French Catholic League".
Jensen has written several encyclopedia articles including the one on the Protestant Reformation for the "Encyclopedia of Mormonism". He also wrote the foreword to Arnold K. Garr's "Christopher Columbus: A Latter-day Saints perspective".
From 1980-1983 Jensen served as the president of the Peru Arequipa Mission.
Jensen had been granted emeritus status from BYU by 1992 at which time he headed the universities committee in charge of celebration the quinta-centennial of Christopher Columbus' voyage to the Americas. As recently as 2003 Jensen was a participant at a BYU lecture on Latter-day Saint perspectives on world history.
In 2008 the BYU history department established at De Lamar Jensen lectureship in Jensen's honor.

</doc>
<doc id="19874367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874367" title="Election verification exit poll">
Election verification exit poll

Around the world, election exit polls are used as a standard of election verification. In the US, media exit poll operators note that their polls are not designed to detect fraud. Rather, their purpose is to project winners of races and provide material for news coverage. (q.v., National Election Pool)
Media exit polls.
While media polls could be used to detect, and even prosecute, fraud if the data is made available. the purposes are different and so are methodologies used. The purpose of a media exit poll is to strategically poll many precincts to obtain a representative sample for an entire district (e.g., state, city) so election outcomes can be predicted. Most of the polling is done well before polling places close on Election Day so the exit poll results can be tabulated and presented by the news outlets immediately after the polls close.
Contrast with media exit polls.
In sharp contrast, an election verification exit poll’s objective is not to predict election results, but rather to audit or verify the accuracy of vote counts in selected precincts. Therefore, EVEP pollsters focus on targeted precincts, polling very comprehensively so official election results in these targeted precincts can be verified. For example, in the 2006 congressional elections The Warren Poll, sponsored by Election Integrity, interviewed close to 6000 voters in selected precincts in Montgomery, Delaware, and Chester counties in Pennsylvania. However, since verifying particular precinct results is not an objective of media exit polls, typically only 1000-2000 voters are interviewed in an entire state, meaning that relatively few voters are interviewed in any given precinct. Consequently, an EVEP should be considerably more reliable (given that there is no within precinct bias) for the targeted precincts than media exit polling would be since a much larger sample of voters would be interviewed in these selected precincts. Therefore, if EVEP results differ significantly from the actual reported results in the targeted precincts, it would be reasonable to conclude that something is wrong with the official count, especially considering that exit poll methodologies have normally proved quite reliable. Media exit polling has incidentally served to cast doubt on official vote counts, but such polling is not particularly designed to verify election results. Notwithstanding, an EVEP is still a survey and may suffer from the many problems that any survey may experience (e.g. weather, interviewer interaction, distance restrictions, etc.).
Interest in exit polls and EVEPs.
Exit polling in the United States, as well as in other countries of the world, have been used to question the official results. For example, in the 2000 election in Yugoslavia, Slobodan Milosevic claimed that he had defeated Vojislav Kostunica. However, exit polling cast great doubt as to the accuracy of the reported count, suggesting that the vote count had been corrupted. Public and media pressure eventually forced him to concede.
EVEPs as tools to prove election fraud.
The introduction of new electronic voting machines, especially ones that produce no paper trails, has caused many groups, including a considerable number of state and national political leaders, to call for remedies to vote count problems. Some have specifically advocated the use of EVEPs, especially in precincts that have historically had problems with fair vote counts. EVEP proponents believe that EVEP findings can be used to challenge dubious official vote counts in court.
However, EVEPs have inherent weaknesses, especially as legal weapons in lawsuits. Obviously, EVEP results are not 100% accurate. That is, they are subject to an error margin, making them very difficult to use to challenge any election results that are close. Also, obtaining a truly random representative sample is problematic since some voters will not respond to the poll. Another serious problem is caused by the various ways people can vote (e.g., early voting, absentee voting, provisional voting, and regular voting). Obviously, EVEP pollsters cannot poll those who vote early or vote absentee. If election board officials merge all the different kinds of voting alternatives, pollsters cannot accurately verify vote counts because EVEP pollsters interview only those who have cast regular ballots, or possibly provisional ballots.

</doc>
<doc id="19874373" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874373" title="Dubey">
Dubey

Dubey is a surname found among Brahmins. Some notable people with this name include -

</doc>
<doc id="19874382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874382" title="A Suspension of Mercy">
A Suspension of Mercy

A Suspension of Mercy (1965) is a psychological thriller novel by Patricia Highsmith. It was published in the US under the title "The Story-Teller".
Synopsis.
Television scriptwriter Sidney Bartleby, who specialises in murder mysteries, daydreams about killing his wife, Alicia, as a way of drawing inspiration for his stories. However, when she unexpectedly takes a long holiday away from him, he begins wondering whether he could ever put his plan into action.

</doc>
<doc id="19874383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874383" title="Outsiders (DC Comics)">
Outsiders (DC Comics)

The Outsiders are a fictional group of outcasts, comic book characters published by DC Comics. Originally to be called the Freaks, they debuted in "1st Issue Special" #10, (January 1976), and were created by Joe Simon and Jerry Grandenetti.
Publication history.
The Outsiders are a close knit group of people with terrifying teratological deformities, some of which grant beneficial superhuman abilities. 
The team is first seen during the rescue of a macrocephalic mutant boy named Billy from a club-wielding xenophobic mob. After an overwhelming show of force (and the singing of their own personalized introductory theme song...), the Outsiders are able to rescue the child. Back at their secret headquarters, the team engages in a bit of meta-commentary and, ignoring the usual comic conceit of the Fourth Wall, addresses its origin story directly to the Reader. 
In the first flashback, the tiny, newborn Lizard Johnny was found at sea during a storm by a solitary fisherman named Ahab Smith who brought the squalling infant reptilian humanoid to a nearby medical research facility where Doctor Goodie saved Johnny from death at the hands of a cold-hearted colleague and raised the rapidly-growing verdant-hued child himself. 
The next shows that Billy's father Mr. Lundy was a poor old tailor in the town of "Lynnville" who was murdered by burglars for the "treasure" he supposedly kept locked in the basement of his tailor's shop home. Instead of money, however, they found the bald, big-headed Billy hidden in the cellar. Terrified by the strange huge-headed youngster, the crooks set fire to both building and boy with a hastily thrown kerosene lamp, and then the criminals, joined by other fear-maddened citizens, chased the fleeing Billy who jumped into a fountain in order to douse his burning clothes. This incident dovetails with Billy's rescue by the Outsiders at the start of the story.
Finally it is revealed that the handsome golden-haired surgeon Doctor Goodie was a NASA medical consultant on a secret manned mission to Venus to respond to mysterious laser signals promising a cure for cancer and all other earthly ills. Trapped by a strange magnetic force, however, the space probe "Alpha Zero" crashed on the planet. The doctor was the only survivor and was rescued by vaguely seen hairless, purple-clad extraterrestrials who repaired his broken body and transformed him into a cyborg whose mechanical plastic parts are integrated into his remaining organic organs via a complex network of computer circuitry, but because they had no idea what humans looked like, they gave him a new face similar to their own hideously gaunt and shriveled, chinless, snaggle-toothed and bulgy-eyed Phantom of the Opera-like alien features which proved terrifying to most ordinary earthlings when he got back home. Later Doctor Goodie reveals that he has created elaborate prosthetic makeup which allows him to pass as a normal human doctor at the "Ronkite Medical Complex" when not leading the team as the two-fisted Doc Scary. Deep below the hospital is the vast hidden hi-tech headquarters of the Outsiders.
The origins of the three remaining Outsiders were never told. At the end of the issue all team members save for the white surgical tunic-clad Doc Scary are seen wearing their battle uniforms, black leotards with a red stylized "O" emblem on the front and their names in red on the back.
Current status.
The original Outsiders re-appear in "Superman" #692 (November 2009) as detainees of Department 7734 in Project M.

</doc>
<doc id="19874385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874385" title="Nasrullah Khan (footballer)">
Nasrullah Khan (footballer)

Nasrullah Khan is a Pakistani footballer, who is captain for PIA FC. He is also a member of Pakistan national football team.
Khan plays as a Midfielder.

</doc>
<doc id="19874399" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874399" title="Athletics at the 1960 Summer Paralympics">
Athletics at the 1960 Summer Paralympics

Athletics at the 1960 Summer Paralympics consisted of 25 events, 13 for men and 12 for women.

</doc>
<doc id="19874410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874410" title="Juvenaly of Alaska">
Juvenaly of Alaska

Juvenaly of Alaska (1761-1796), Protomartyr of America, was a hieromartyr and member of the first group of Orthodox missionaries who came from the monastery of Valaam to evangelize the native inhabitants of Alaska. He was martyred while evangelizing among the Yupik Eskimos on the mainland of Alaska in 1796. His feast day is celebrated on July 2, and he is also commemorated with all the saints of Alaska (September 24), and with the first martyrs of the American land (December 12).
Life.
He was born in 1761 in Ekaterinburg, Russia, and was named Yakov (Jacob) Govorukhin. In his monastic life he was tonsured and given the name Juvenaliy in memory of St. Juvenal, fifth century Patriarch of Jerusalem. After becoming a monk he was successively ordained deacon and then priest, becoming a hieromonk. He lived much of his early monastic life in the area around Lake Ladoga in northern Russia near Finland at the Konyavesky and Valaam Monasteries.
In 1793, a missionary group of eight monastics was organized at the Monastery of Valaam, near Lake Ladoga, to preach the Word of God to the natives of Alaska. This group of missionaries was led by Archimandrite Joseph (Bolotov), and included four hieromonks including Juvenaliy and Makariy, one hierodeacon, Steven, and two lay monks including Herman. Their destination was the Russian settlement on Kodiak Island in the Gulf of Alaska, some 8,000 miles away across the length of Asia through Siberia and then the cold Bering Sea of the northern Pacific Ocean. The group arrived on Kodiak Island on September 24, 1794, to an unexpected scene. The settlement was primitive beyond what they were told, and violence was commonplace. The promised church was not there, and the promised supplies for three years were absent.
While Archimandrite Joseph dealt with the leadership issues with Baranov, the leader of the settlement, Hieromonk Juvenaly and the others in their party began their missionary work. Within two years their zeal had brought more than 12,000 Alaskans to the Orthodox Christian faith. They did this not by degrading their former shaman based faith but by showing them that Christianity was the fulfillment of that faith.
As the group continued preaching further away from the settlement on Kodiak, Hieromonk Juvenaly began missionary work on the mainland of Alaska 1796. Here he continued the success of the past two years as he baptized hundreds of Chugach Sugpiag and Athabaskan Indians. But as his mission continued along northwest toward the Bering Sea, he disappeared. No material evidence of his disappearance has been found, but among the Alaskan people oral tradition relates of his martyrdom. The tradition is that as he moved into territory inhabited by Eskimos, some Eskimos did not understand some of his gesturing while making the sign of the cross. Disturbed, a Yupik shaman ordered an attack upon the hieromonk, and he was killed by spears and arrows. Thus, Juvenaly became the first Orthodox martyr in the Americas.
Martyrdom.
There are other, conflicting accounts of his martyrdom. In an article entitled "The Orthodox Church in America an Historical Survey", Fr. Dmitry Grigorieff writes: "Father Juvenaly was killed by the natives on the Alaska mainland in 1795. He had urged the people of a village there to send their children to the mission school on Kodiak Island. They agreed, and Father Juvenaly led a group of children to the seashore. On the way he was overtaken and killed by villagers who had changed their mind." (p. 139).
Regarding St. Juvenaly's Alleged Diary: "This mildly uninspiring document, which contradicts both Church and Native traditions about the saint's activities, was summarised in Bancroft's influential History of Alaska and accepted for a century as a major primary source. However, it is now very strongly suspected of being a forgery written by one of Bancroft's assistants." - Lydia T. Black, "The Daily Journal of Reverend Father Juvenal: A Cautionary Tale," Ethnohistory 28(1)33, 1981.
The Death of Hieromonk Juvenaly (DOC) - "The Death of Hieromonk Juvenaly" in Richard Pierce, ed. "Russia in North America: Proceedings of the 2nd International Conference on Russian America, Sitka, Alaska, August 19–22, 1987. Limestone Press, Fairbanks, AK, 1990. 322-357.
Another source states: "He was killed by the natives, and the reason for his death, was partly because the first thing he did after baptizing the natives was to order them to give up polygamy. He had also persuaded the chiefs and other leading men in the tribes there to give him their children so that the latter might be educated on Kodiak. When he set out with the children, the men regretted what they had done, gave chase, caught up with him, and fell upon him."
Another tradition is found in some versions of the life of the saint: "When Father Juvenaly was attacked by the savages he did not try to defend himself, or run away, which he could easily have done, especially since he had a firearm with him. He let himself be taken without offering any resistance, asking only that those with him should be spared, which was done.
Much later those who had been spared related that when Father Juvenaly was already dead he had risen up and followed his murderers, saying something to them. The savages, supposing him to be still alive, attacked him again and beat him. But as soon as they left him he again stood up and followed them, and this happened several times. Finally, in order to be rid of him, the savages hacked his body to pieces. Only then did this fervent preacher fall silent, a Martyr for the word of God. On the spot where the missionary's remains lay, there at once appeared a column of flame, reaching up to the sky."
Hymns.
From the September 24 Feast Day.
Troparion [http://www.oca.org/FSTropars.asp?SID=13&ID=102714] (Tone 4)
Kontakion (Tone 4)

</doc>
<doc id="19874412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874412" title="Weston, Staffordshire">
Weston, Staffordshire

Weston is a village and Civil Parish. within the English county of Staffordshire. The Parish is in the Local Authority of Stafford (Non-Metropolitan District).
Location.
The village is north east of the town of Stafford, and south west of Uttoxeter. The village of Gayton is to the north east. The nearest railway station is at stafford. The nearest main roads are the A51. which skirts the north eastern boundary of the village.
Population.
The 2011 census recorded a population of 965 in 422 Households. The parish comes under the Stafford Non-Metropolitan District.
History.
The ancient village and parish of Weston was a forest clearing on the outskirts and was part of the Chartley Estate which was sold off in 1904. The high ground meant that the surrounding land was well drained with a good water supply from the nearby River Trent. This small settlement was also located at the intersection of the London - Lichfield - Chester road and the Shrewsbury - Stafford - Derby road (the current A51 and A518 respectively). The road from Stafford originally forded the Trent. In the late 18th Century a flood washed away the bridge there. It was later replaced by a single arch stone bridge in the 19th century.
Domesday Book.
Weston on Trent is mentioned in the Domesday Book of 1086. In the survey the village is recorded as being as the holding of one of King William's thegn's named Sperri, having previously being held by a Saxon named Wulfhelm. Assets of the village were listed as half a virgāta of land. Land for one plough, one villager or "villein", 3 acres of meadows. There was one Household in the village and the amont of tax per household was calculated at one-eighth of one 'hide'. The gross taxable value of the village was calculated at 0.1 geld units, with a Value to lord of the manor in 1086 of £0.1.
Saint Andrew's Parish Church.
The Parish Church of St. Andrews was restored by George Gilbert Scott in the 1860s and by William Butterfield in the 1870s. Butterfield's restoration revealed some of the original Norman work. The bell tower dates from the early 13th Century. The tower holds two bells; "Ave Maria" dating from 1402 and "Ann Shaw" dating from 1962. A third bell, "Katerina", dating from 1500, can be found cracked upon the floor. The church also houses a silver communion paten dating from the early 15th Century. The Parish registers, kept by Staffordshire Record Office, date from 1581.
Notable Buildings and Structures.
In the village, the present thatched "Manor House", which has been used as a farm building in the past, dates from the 16th Century. In the mid 19th Century it was used as the national School and school keeper's cottage, then as a Wesleyan Methodist meeting house until the present Methodist Church was built at the start of the 20th Century along the main London - Chester road.

</doc>
<doc id="19874432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874432" title="Ancestors' Shadows">
Ancestors' Shadows

"Ancestors' Shadows (, Tini Predkiv"; ) is the third full-length studio album by Ukrainian black metal band Astrofaes. It was released on Eclipse Productions in 2002.
The track "Ancestors' Shadows" appears on the band's subsequent album, "Heritage".

</doc>
<doc id="19874439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874439" title="History of the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology">
History of the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology

The Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology (RMIT) is an Australian public university, founded by The Hon. Francis Ormond MLA in 1887, in Melbourne, Victoria.
The Working Men's College.
In 1881, prominent grazier and philanthropist, The Hon. Francis Ormond, proposed that a technical college would serve "useful" to City of Melbourne. Ormond, who had donated the majority of funds towards the foundation of Ormond College at the University of Melbourne, offered £5,000 towards the establishment of a college on the proviso that the public contribute a "like sum".
A considerable sum was raised by the Council of the Melbourne Trades Hall, which rallied support amongst its membership of unions. Construction of the "Working Men's College" then began in 1886, on a site provided by the Colony of Victoria, next to the Melbourne Magistrates' Court, and adjacent the Melbourne Public Library on La Trobe Street. The College was officially opened during a gala ceremony on June 4, 1887 and, on the night of its opening, took 320 enrollments which increased to over 1000 in its first 12 months of operation. Ormond, a staunch believer in the values of education and a tireless campaigner for the College, served as its President till his death in 1889.
The College began offering full-time courses in 1899 and was incorporated under the ""Companies Act"" as a private college in 1904. Around the turn of the century, it began developing courses in engineering, applied science, chemistry, metallurgy and mining. Between the 1900s and the 1920s, the College expanded beyond its foundation building, and constructed two new buildings on nearby Bowen Street, a new Art School and also acquired the neighbouring, and recently decommissioned, Melbourne Gaol site for expansion. 
During the 1930s, the College underwent further expansion with the completion of an Engineering School and a Radio School, and two more buildings constructed on Bowen Street. In 1934, the College officially changed its name to the "Melbourne Technical College" (incorporating The Working Men's College), after a representation from its Student's Association.
Legend of Ned Kelly's remains.
After the closure and partial demolishment of the nearby Old Melbourne Gaol, during the 1920s, the College acquired the site for future expansion. In 1929, the remains of Australia's most notorious bushranger, Ned Kelly (who was hanged at the gaol), were believed to have been discovered during the construction of the Kernot Engineering School. These remains were later reinterred Pentridge Prison, and rediscovered in 2008. However, no conclusive evidence of the remains suggest they are that of Ned Kelly's, and many historians believe his remains are still buried under the present day RMIT.
Contribution to WWI and WWII.
The College contributed to Australia's war efforts both in World War I and in World War II. Initially, between 1917 and 1919, it trained over 1500 returned ANZAC service men from World War I in vocational qualifications for post-war life in Australia. Between 1939 and 1945, during World War II, it made a greater contribution to Australia's war efforts by training 23,000 service men and women (approximately one-sixth of all trained in Australia), mainly Royal Australian Air Force personnel in radio communications, as well as 2,000 civilians in munitions manufacturing. The Government of Australia also commissioned the College to manufacture parts for the Air Force's DAP Beaufort Bomber.
After World War II, and during the 1950s, the College again trained returned service men and women for post-war life, which prompted the development of courses in food technology, transport studies, accountancy and advertising, and the revision of its art syllabuses. During this time, the College also embraced the Commonwealth of Nations' newly devised Colombo Plan, which increased its intake of South East Asian students greatly.
Royal patronage and birth of RMIT.
In 1954, the College was awarded royal patronage by Queen Elizabeth II - for its service to the Commonwealth in the area of education and for its contribution to the war effort; and was officially renamed the "Royal Melbourne Technical College". It became (and remains to this day) the only higher education institution in Australia with the right of the prefix "Royal" along with the use of the Monarchy of England's regalia. 
In 1960, the Council of the College voted to begin the process of reconstituting the college as a tertiary institution. The name of the College was then officially changed to the "Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology".
During the late 1950s and 1960s, the non-tertiary branch of RMIT was reconstituted as the "Technical College" (TAFE), and it was believed the Institute and the College would eventually separate. However, the two have remained as incorporated branches of RMIT to the present day. During the 1960s, RMIT's Art School established its reputations as an Australian leader in its field. 
In the 1970s and early 1980s, the Institute expanded its degrees in business and engineering, and the College expanded its courses in technology and general studies. In 1979, the neighbouring Emily McPherson College of Domestic Economy on Russell Street amalgamated with RMIT, bringing with it its reputation in fashion design and food technology. RMIT's Aeronautics School also established its reputation as an Australian leader in its field, during the late 1970s.
RMIT celebrated its centenary in 1987 with a year-long calendar of events staged across the City of Melbourne, a time capsule set in the Bowen Street courtyard of the foundation building of the Working Men's College on La Trobe Street and a book called ""The Tech: A Centenary History of the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology"", documenting the institute's 100 years of history, was also published. 
In 1992, RMIT was granted public university status by the Parliament of Victoria under the ""Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology Act"". RMIT's newly appointed Chancellery officially adopted the names "RMIT University" for its Institute branch and "RMIT TAFE" for its College branch, during the early 1990s, and its Design School also established its reputation as an international leader in eco-friendly design.
Expansion for the 21st Century.
Following its reconstitution as a public university, RMIT then underwent a large and rapid expansion where a number of other institutes and colleges became amalgamated with it, between 1993 and 1999, which included: Phillip Institute of Technology, Melbourne College of Decoration and Design, Melbourne College of Printing and Graphic Art and Melbourne Institute of Textiles. 
In 1995, RMIT acquired the neighbouring, and recently vacated, former Melbourne Magistrates' Court and City Watch House buildings on the corner of La Trobe Street and Russell Street, and renamed its expanding campus in Melbourne the "City campus". It also established a new enivronmentally sustainable "country campus" around 20 km from the City campus, in Bundoora, which opened in 1995.
In 1999, it acquired the derelict state heritage-listed Capitol Theatre in the Melbourne CBD, and refurbished it to its original design. It also established a specialised fashion and printing campus in Brunswick, on the site of the former Melbourne Institute of Textiles in 1999, and became a founding member of the Australian Technology Network, a coalition of leading Australian universities working with industry.
At the turn of the century, RMIT was invited by the Government of Vietnam to establish Vietnam's first foreign-owned university. In 2001, it established "RMIT International University, Vietnam" near the centre of Ho Chi Minh City, and a second campus in the Vietnamese capital city of Hanoi in 2004. In its years of operation, the Government of Vietnam has awarded RMIT International University five Golden Dragon Awards for Education.
During the mid-2000s, RMIT experienced financial problems, partly due to problems associated with its student administration system upgrade (A$47 million was spent in this effort). The financial problems eventually claimed the then Vice-Chancellor, Prof. Ruth Dunkin. In 2005, RMIT appointed a new Vice-Chancellor, Prof. Margaret Gardner AO and, between 2006 and 2007, posted operating profits of A$50.1 million and then A$109.5 million each year respectively. In 2006, it also became a founding member of the Global U8 Consortium.
References.
Texts:

</doc>
<doc id="19874443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874443" title="Chinese people in Germany">
Chinese people in Germany

Chinese people in Germany form one of the smaller and less-studied groups of overseas Chinese in Europe. 2005 figures from Germany's Federal Statistical Office showed 71,639 People's Republic of China nationals living in Germany, making them the second-largest group of immigrants from Asia. Of those, only 3,142, or 4.3%, were born in Germany, far below the average of 20% for all non-citizens. Scholars estimate that Germany is home to tens of thousands more ethnic Chinese with other citizenships. Between 2004 and 2007, a total of 4,213 PRC nationals naturalised as German citizens. The total number of all Ethnic Chinese in Germany is estimated to be at around 110,000, including those from Taiwan, Singapore and other countries with significant Chinese minorities.
Migration history.
19th century to World War I.
Though not well known even to local Chinese communities which formed later, the earliest Chinese in Germany, Feng Yaxing and Feng Yaxue, both from Guangdong, first came to Berlin in 1822 by way of London. Cantonese-speaking seafarers, employed on German steamships as stokers, coal trimmers, and lubricators, began showing up in ports such as Hamburg and Bremen around 1870. Forty-three lived there by 1890. The labour unions and the Social Democratic Party strongly disapproved of their presence; their 1898 boycott of Chinese crews, motivated by racial concerns, resulted in the 30 October 1898 passage of a law by the Reichstag stating that Chinese could not be employed on shipping routes to Australia, and could be employed on routes to China and Japan only in positions that whites would not take because they were detrimental to health. Mass layoffs of Chinese seafarers resulted. Aside from seafarers, students formed the other major group of Chinese living in Germany at the turn of the century. In 1904, at the time of Sun Yat-sen's visit to Germany and other Western European countries, more than twenty joined the anti-Qing Chinese United League he organised in Berlin. There were also groups of travelling entertainers from Shandong, with a smaller proportion from Zhejiang, who came to Germany overland, travelling through Russia and Poland to reach Berlin.
Weimar and Nazi periods.
Chinese formed the fourth largest group of foreign students in Germany by the mid-1920s. Many became involved with radical politics, especially in Berlin; they joined the Communist Party of Germany, and were responsible for setting up its Chinese-language section, the "Zirkel für chinesische Sprache". Chinese communists such as Zhu De and Liao Chengzhi remained active in the late 1920s and early 1930s; Liao succeeded in organising a strike among Chinese sailors in Hamburg to prevent the shipment of armaments to China.
The Nazis, who came to power in 1933, did not classify as racially inferior the Chinese or Japanese, but because so much of the Chinese community had ties to leftist movements, they fell under increased official scrutiny regardless, and many left the country, either heading to Spain to fight in the Civil War that was raging there, or returning to China. As late as 1935, the Overseas Chinese Affairs Commission's statistics showed 1,800 Chinese still living in Germany; more than one thousand of these were students in Berlin, while another few hundred were seafarers based in Hamburg. However, this number shrank to 1,138 by 1939. In 1942, the 323 who still lived in Berlin were all arrested and sent to the Langer Morgen work camp. By the end of World War II, every Chinese restaurant in Hamburg had closed.
Division and reunification of Germany.
After the war, the Chinese government sent officials to organise repatriation for the few hundred Chinese who remained in Germany. Of the 148 from Hamburg, only one, a survivor of Langer Morgen, declined repatriation; he opened the Peace Restaurant, Hamburg's first post-war Chinese restaurant. However, those who departed were soon replaced by new immigrants. In 1947, there were 180 Chinese in Berlin's western sector, and another 67 in the eastern sector; a year later, those numbers had grown to 275 and 72, respectively. With the establishment of the People's Republic of China and its subsequent recognition by East Germany, many traders moved to East Berlin, expecting that there they would be better protected their by their homeland's new government. West Germany did not formally recognise the Republic of China on Taiwan (ROC), and did not establish relations with the People's Republic of China PRC until 1972.
Migration of ethnic Chinese to West Germany in the 1960s and 1970s was drawn primarily from the communities of British Chinese and Chinese in the Netherlands. Other re-migrants came from Italy, Portugal, and Spain. German authorities generally preferred not to issue residence permits to PRC nationals. Regardless, numbers of PRC and ROC nationals in Germany continued to increase, with 477 from the former and 1,916 from the later by 1967. In addition to individual migrants, both the PRC and the ROC provided workers with specific skills to Germany under bilateral agreements. The ROC sent a total of 300 nurses in the 1960s and 1970s. In the case of the PRC, the agreement signed in 1986 for China to provide 90,000 industrial trainees to East Germany was barely implemented by the time the Berlin Wall fell; out of the 90,000 whom the Chinese agreed to send, barely 1,000 went, and all but 40 had gone back home by December 1990. Immigration from the PRC to West Germany was much larger than that to East Germany; in 1983, the number of PRC nationals living there surpassed the number of ROC nationals, and by 1985 had grown to 6,178, versus only 3,993 ROC nationals. By just eight years later, their numbers had more than quintupled; 31,451 PRC nationals lived in Germany, as opposed to only 5,626 ROC nationals. There were also tens of thousands of ethnic Chinese not included in either of the above categories, primarily Vietnamese people of Chinese descent and Hong Kong residents with British National (Overseas) passports.
Socioecomics.
Employment.
Food service has remained a dominant means of making a livelihood in the Chinese community. For example, in Tilburg, the restaurant industry employs roughly 60% of the Chinese population. Even students in Germany who earned doctorates in the sciences have ended up starting restaurants or catering services, rather than engaging in any work related to their studies. 
In Berlin, many Chinese restaurants can be found in Walther Schreiber Platz, as well as along Albrechtstrasse and Grunewaldstrasse. The travel agency business is another one in which intra-ethnic networks have proven valuable; Chinese travel agencies in Germany sell primarily to other Chinese making return trips to their country of origin. Estimates of the number of Chinese travel agencies in Germany range between thirty-five and a few hundred. In contrast, marine-based industries no longer employ a very large proportion of the Chinese community; by 1986, Chinese formed no more than 2%, or 110 individuals, of the foreign workforce on German vessels.
Education.
Students also continue to form a large portion of Germany's Chinese population. In comments to German chancellor Helmut Kohl in 1987, Deng Xiaoping stressed his desire to diversify the destinations of Chinese students going overseas, aiming to send a larger proportion to Europe and a smaller proportion to the United States. By 2000, Chinese formed the largest group of foreign students in German universities, with 10,000 in 2002 and 27,000 in 2007. Schools aimed at the children of Germany's Chinese residents have been set up as well; as early as 1998, there were two Chinese schools in Berlin, one run by the city government, and the other privately established by a group of parents. Stuttgart boasts one such school as well; however, Chinese graduate students who intend to return to China after graduation typically choose instead to home-school their children in accordance with China's national curriculum, to aid their re-integration into the public school system.
Second generation Chinese students were more likely to attend a Gymnasium (college preparatory school) than their ethnic German counterparts.
Illegal immigration.
After 1989, the number of illegal mainland Chinese immigrants who arrived in Germany by way of Eastern Europe began to increase, only to decrease in the mid-1990s; on average, authorities caught 370 each year in the late 1990s, though they believe the actual extent of illegal migration to be much larger. Many illegal migrants work in restaurants, whose managers sponsor their migration costs and require them to pay them back. Such costs usually amount between to RMB 60,000 and 120,000, paid to snakeheads (Chinese people smugglers). Due to network effects, illegal Chinese migrants to Germany largely come from the vicinity of Qingtian, Zhejiang; they are mostly men between twenty and forty years old. Migrants may come as tourists and then overstay (either by applying for a tourist visa on their genuine PRC passport, or obtaining a forged passport from a country with a large Asian population whose nationals are granted visa-free travel to Germany), or they may be smuggled across the Czech-German border.
Community relations and divisions.
Germans generally perceive the Chinese as a monolithic group, owners of grocery stores, snack bars, and Chinese restaurants, and sometimes as criminals and triad members. In actuality, the community is wracked by internal divisions, largely of political allegiances; pro-Taiwan (Republic of China) vs. pro-Mainland (People's Republic of China), supporters vs. opposers of the Chinese democracy movement, etc. One rare example of the various strands of the community coming together in support of a common cause arose in April 1995, when Berlin daily "Bild-Zeitung" published a huge feature item alleging that Chinese restaurants in the city served dog meat; the story appears to have been sparked by an off-color quip by a German official during a press conference about a pot of mystery meat he had seen boiling in a Chinese restaurant kitchen. Chinese caterers and restaurants suffered huge declines in business, as well as personal vilification by their German neighbours. The protests which the various Chinese associations organised in response carefully sidestepped the issue of German racism towards the Chinese, instead focusing mainly on the newspaper itself and the fact that it had published false statements which harmed people's businesses and livelihoods, in an effort to avoid alienating the mainstream community. They eventually achieved what one scholar described as a "meagre victory": a retraction by "Bild-Zeitung". However, the success of the protests laid some foundation for further professional cooperation among Chinese restaurateurs.
Germany also boasts a small number of Uyghurs, a Turkic-speaking ethnic minority of China who live in the Xinjiang region in northwest China; they form one of the few obvious communities of Chinese national minorities in Europe. Though they are Chinese nationals or formerly held Chinese nationality, their cultural and political identity is defined largely by opposition to China, and for the most part they do not consider themselves part of the Chinese community. The initial Uyghur migrants to Germany came by way of Turkey, where they had settled after going into exile with the hope of one day achieving independence from China; they remigrated to Munich as a small part, numbering perhaps fifty individuals, out of the millions of "gastarbeiter" who came from Turkey to Germany beginning in the 1960s. Most worked in semi-skilled trades, with some privileged ones of a political bent achieving positions in the U.S.-funded Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty. Their numbers were later bolstered by post-Cold War migration directly from Xinjiang to Germany, also centred on Munich.

</doc>
<doc id="19874453" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874453" title="Dartchery at the 1960 Summer Paralympics">
Dartchery at the 1960 Summer Paralympics

Dartchery at the 1960 Summer Paralympics consisted of a mixed pairs event.

</doc>
<doc id="19874463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874463" title="Amber Calling">
Amber Calling

Amber Calling are an Australian pop punk and emo band from Adelaide, which formed in 2005 as 919. They issued an extended play, "Road Rage" (2006), under that name. Their second EP, "The Truth About Lies" appeared on 14 April 2008. Amber Calling issued their debut album, "Run Home Jack. Home Run Jack", on 31 May 2011. During their career they have supported shows by Grinspoon, Kenny Vasoli, Panic! At the Disco, and Short Stack.
History.
Amber Calling are a pop-punk and emo band which formed in Adelaide in 2005 as 919 by Adrian Porcaro on bass guitar and his cousins Dave Porcaro (aka Davye Style-Jones) on guitar and vocals, and Mike Porcaro (aka Mike Styles-Jones) on lead vocals. In 2006 under the name, 919, they issued their debut extended play, "Road Rage", with five tracks. It was produced by Darren Thompson with the band line-up of Dave and Mike joined by Matt Kowal on drums and Harvey Davidson on bass guitar and backing vocals. "PostOp" described the release as "here isn’t a single track on this disc, that you won’t want to listen to over and over and over again, and the cherry on top of this magnificent musical sundae is the jaw dropping 'This Cell'". During 2007 the group supported performances by fellow Australian artists, Grinspoon and by Something with Numbers. Mike developed throat problems and had to leave the group for five months to recover.
After September 2007 they changed their name to Amber Calling. On 14 April 2008 the group issued an EP, "The Truth About Lies" on the Tenspeed Music label. Tom Vasic (aka Tommy Ortiz, ex-Capulet) joined in August that year on keyboards and backing vocals. Vasic's first gig with the group was their support show for Panic! At the Disco that same month. In August 2009, for their national tour, they released a single, "Drive Drive" which was "about wanting to just pack up and leave, like so many people around the world I’m sure have felt like that before". In September that year they supported US artist, Kenny Vasoli, on his tour appearance in Adelaide. In 2010 they supported Short Stack at the Adelaide Entertainment Centre.
On 31 May 2011 they released their debut album "Run Home Jack. Home Run Jack". It was recorded at Slaugherhouse Studios, from June 2010 to January 2011 with the band producing and it was mastered by Steve Smart (The Living End, The John Butler Trio, Parkway Drive, Bodyjar) of 301 Studios. For the album Dave, Mike and Vasic were joined by Brennan Shrubsole on drums, Adam Cameron on guitar, Anthony Richards on bass guitar. In August that year, United States crunkcore group, Brokencyde, announced that Amber Calling would be supporting their show in Adelaide in October.
During 2010 the band supported Attack! Attack!, Cute Is What We Aim For, Lydia, the Wonder Years, Fireworks. During their career they have supported Kris Roe/The Ataris, Carpathian, The Used, Cobra Starship, The Academy Is, The Matches, The Getaway Plan, Closure In Moscow, Behind Crimson Eyes, Rise Against, Aiden, Pierce the Veil and Man Overboard.

</doc>
<doc id="19874464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874464" title="Snooker at the 1960 Summer Paralympics">
Snooker at the 1960 Summer Paralympics

Snooker at the 1960 Summer Paralympics consisted of a men's event.

</doc>
<doc id="19874467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874467" title="List of IranKhodro vehicles">
List of IranKhodro vehicles

Iran Khodro produces the following automobiles and trucks.

</doc>
<doc id="19874478" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874478" title="José Moreira (swimmer)">
José Moreira (swimmer)

José Moreira (born November 21, 1961) is a former international freestyle swimmer from Brazil, who participated for his native country at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea. There he ended up in 33rd place in the men's 50-metre freestyle event.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19874479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874479" title="Stephen Barrar">
Stephen Barrar

Stephen "Steve" Barrar is serving his sixth term as representative of the 160th Legislative District of Pennsylvania, USA. He serves as Republican Chairman of the House Tourism and Recreational Development Committee. He also sits on the House Liquor Control Committee.
Career.
Prior to his election to the State House, Barrar served as an Upper Chichester Township commissioner from 1992 to 1996, and was board president from 1994 to 1996. 
At the same time, he was also busy running a business he purchased in 1984, Twin Oaks Garden Mart. Barrar ran this retail garden center until 1997, when he closed the business to focus his energy on working as a full-time state legislator.
Personal.
Barrar is a graduate of Interboro High School. He is involved in several local and community groups, including the Chichester Business Association, Chadds Ford Business Association, Aston Business Association, Bethel VFW Post and the Concord Lodge No. 625. He has also been named an honorary member of the Military Order of the Purple Heart for his support of disabled veterans.

</doc>
<doc id="19874483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19874483" title="Skorupy, Masovian Voivodeship">
Skorupy, Masovian Voivodeship

Skorupy is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołbiel, within Otwock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Kołbiel, south-east of Otwock, and south-east of Warsaw.
References.
<br>

</doc>
