<doc id="19922472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922472" title="CT Connect">
CT Connect

CT Connect is a software product that allows computer applications to monitor and control telephone calls. This monitoring and control is called computer-telephone integration, or CTI. CT Connect implements CTI by providing server software that supports the CTI link protocols used by a range of telephone systems, and client software that provides an application programming interface (API) for telephony functions.
CT Connect is used most frequently in call center applications. Large call centers must handle huge volumes of calls, and the coordination of calls with business applications is essential.
Software Function and Structure.
CT Connect software is not a CTI application in itself; rather, it is a software component that communicates with telephone systems, converts telephone call status and control information to a standardized form, and presents that information to third-party applications. This component approach contrasts with that of integrated offerings such as those from Genesys Telecommunications Laboratories that combine the low-level telephone interface function with higher-level application logic such as retrieving and displaying information from a data base.
Software developers seeking to include telephone-related functions in their applications incorporate CT Connect software modules into their projects. The CT Connect server module must be installed on a computer that has a special CTI communication link to the telephone system. The CT Connect client module is installed on the same computer as the developer's application software. The client module presents an API for application telephone functions such as dialing a new call or generating an alert for an incoming call. The client module executes these requests by signaling them to the server module, which in turn requests the function from the telephone system. The client-server structure allows multiple applications running on multiple computers to share access to a single telephone system.
CTI Standards.
The principal standards specification for CTI is ECMA Computer-supported Telecommunications Applications or CSTA. The CSTA standard specifies a call model (that is, how parties participate in a call and the steps a call goes through as it proceeds) and a set of messages that can be exchanged between a telephone system and a computer system. When both telephone systems and computer systems implement the CSTA standard, a customer can choose freely among competing products with confidence that they will interoperate.
As described more fully below, the CT Connect development team participated in the definition of CSTA. CT Connect and its predecessor, Digital Equipment's Computer Integrated Telephony product line, implement the CSTA call model and support the relevant CSTA protocol standards. Several telecommunications equipment vendors have used CT Connect as a laboratory CSTA reference to test their own products' compliance with the standard.
Environment Independence.
CTI servers like CT Connect must operate in a heterogeneous computing environment and must interoperate with other system components chosen by application developers and users. CT Connect takes an "open" stance towards other system components, interoperating with a wider range of compoennts than other CTI servers. This open stance is undoubtedly one reason that CT Connect has survived for 20 years while other competitors such as IBM CallPath and Novell Telephony Services have been discontinued.
For CTI servers, important dimensions of interoperation are:
Telephone System Independence.
Many telephone switch manufacturers have implemented CTI links for their products. Some of these are proprietary protocols and some are implementations of the ECMA CSTA standard. Some of these manufacturers also offer their own CTI servers (such as Nortel's Contact Center Manager Server), but those servers generally operate only with that single manufacturer's telephone system. By contrast, the companies that have owned and marketed CT Connect over the years (see the CT Connect history below) have made arrangements with most major PBX manufacturers to get access to their protocol specifications and implement their CTI link protocols.
API Independence.
Computer-telephone APIs have proliferated. Microsoft introduced TAPI, Novell introduced TSAPI, Sun Microsystems introduced JTAPI, and a group of vendors formed the Versit Consortium to better integrate the existing protocol standards and APIs. Some manufacturers have attempted to use CTI API specifications to restrict users to their other products. For example, the Microsoft TAPI specification can be implemented only on the Microsoft Windows family of operating systems, and the Novel Telephony Services CTI server (now discontinued) could be used only on Novell networks. By contrast, CT Connect's client-server architecture permits client modules that offer various CTI APIs, and all client modules can interoperate with a common CTI server module.
Operating System Independence.
Like CTI APIs (see above), most CTI servers operate under only one operating system. By contrast, CT Connect has historically included client and server modules that operate under a range of popular operating systems including the Unix and Microsoft Windows families.
History.
CT Connect has had a significant role in the conception and evolution of the CTI concept and its implementation. The product has been owned and marketed by three companies over its 20-year lifetime.
Digital Equipment Corporation.
The software that eventually became CT Connect was originally developed in the late 1980s at Digital Equipment Corporation. During the 1980s, telephony was evolving from analog to digital technology. The international telecommunications standards body CCITT (now the ITU) published specifications for the Integrated Services Digital Network (ISDN). The ISDN specifications define digital interfaces between a subscriber and the network that can simultaneously support multiple telephone calls and packet data transmission.
In the 1980s Digital Equipment was a leader in computer networking with its DECnet software. Digital Equipment studied the ISDN specifications and concluded that the ISDN interface lacked the ability to coordinate a voice call with related data. The Digital Equipment team named this capability "computer integrated telephony" (or CIT) and evangelized the concept among vendors and customers. (The acronym for the original Digital Equipment product line, CIT, is frequently confused with the industry acronym for any form of computer-telephone integration, CTI. The latter term was adopted by members of the MultiMedia Telecommunications Association (MMTA), a prominent US industry association. The MMTA was incorporated into a larger trade association, TIA, in 2000.)
Digital Equipment needed the commercial cooperation of telecommunications equipment manufacturers because their telephone switching systems had to be modified to report telephone call information via new CTI data links. Two Canadian private branch exchange (PBX) manufacturers that were interested in the idea: Northern Telecom (now Nortel) and Mitel, which at that time was controlled by British Telecom. Digital Equipment worked with both of these companies – one in Canada and one in the United Kingdom – to design and implement CTI data links between their respective products. Both efforts were successful, and systems using PBXs from both companies were shown at the quadrennial CCITT exhibition in Geneva in the fall of 1987. Digital Equipment released its first CTI software products, operating with the Mitel SX-20 and Northern Telecom SL-1 PBXs, the following year.
Between 1988 and 1992, the Digital Equipment team approached more telecommunications equipment manufacturers (including Siemens ROLM and the former AT&T, whose Definity PBX product line is now owned by Avaya) and implemented the additional protocols needed to interoperate with their telephone systems. However, it quickly became clear that the number of proprietary protocols was becoming unmanageable. Call models differed between telephone systems, making it difficult to write CTI-enabled application software. The need for a standardized cross-vendor CTI call model and supporting protocol was becoming apparent.
A group of computer and telecommunications equipment vendors interested in this problem approached the European Computer Manufacturers’ Association (now simply known as ECMA) with a proposal to undertake this standardization. The proposal was accepted and Robert Roden, an architect from the Digital Equipment technical team, was chosen as convenor (chairperson) for the standards work. Phase I (the first edition) of CSTA was released in 1992. The CSTA standard has since progressed through several editions, incorporating technologies such as voice response and XML. Each Phase of the CSTA standard includes both a call model as well as a recommended set of communication protocols.
See for more information about the early work on CTI standards.
The initial CTI software from Digital Equipment supported only VAX computers running the VMS operating system both as the server providing the telephone system interconnection and as application clients. Support for Digital's ULTRIX operating system was later added. But during the early 1990s, personal desktop computers became more pervasive in corporate computing environments. Digital Equipment responded to this trend by releasing Pathworks, a networking suite that allowed IBM-compatible PCs and Apple Macintosh computers to participate in a DECnet network. The Digital Equipment CIT team built on this platform and released a PC-based version of the CIT client that supported applications written for the Microsoft Windows operating system. The Windows desktop environment offered easier integration between business applications and telephone functions via the Microsoft Dynamic Data Exchange (DDE) mechanism, since many off-the-shelf PC applications and development platforms supported the DDE interface.
Dialogic Acquires Digital's Technology and Team.
In 1995, Digital Equipment sold the CIT product line to Dialogic Corporation, which was then the leader in server-scale telephone interfaces for the PC form factor. Digital's CIT management staff and most of the development team moved to Dialogic with the sale, forming a new 'CT Division' within Dialogic and maintaining the product’s momentum. Dialogic converted the product from its original proprietary Digital Equipment hardware and software platform to an industry standard platform based on personal computer hardware and the Microsoft Windows family of operating systems. The resulting product, rechristened CT-Connect, was released by Dialogic in August, 1995. (The hyphen was dropped from the name in later releases.)
Dialogic Acquired by Intel.
In 1999, Intel acquired Dialogic and all of its hardware and software product lines including CT Connect. As with the transition from Digital Equipment to Dialogic, most of the CT Connect business and technical team remained after the acquisition and product development and sales continued. CT Connect was renamed "Intel NetMerge Call Processing Software" to conform to Intel product naming conventions but remained the same product under the skin.
The late 1990s saw the rising popularity of Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) telephony. Realizing that CTI would be as important with VoIP as it had with traditional telephony, the CT Connect team enhanced CT Connect to support application control of VoIP voice calls. Intel was issued 11 US patents related to this work.
CT Connect Acquired By Envox Worldwide.
Intel sold the product line to Envox Worldwide in 2005. As before, much of the technical team continued with the product during the transition. Envox restored the product name to CT Connect and continues to market it.
Syntellect, Inc. acquires Envox.
On October 20, 2008, Envox was acquired by Syntellect, Inc. Syntellect is a call center focused software company headquartered in Phoenix, Arizona.

</doc>
<doc id="19922516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922516" title="Ricardo Torres Balaguer">
Ricardo Torres Balaguer

Ricardo Torres Balaguer (Llíria, Valencia Province, 13 February 1955) is a Spanish politician and former deputy who belongs to the governing Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE).
After qualifying in law and economic science, Torres served as Mayor of his hometown of Llíria from 1991 to 1995. In 2004 he was elected to the Congress of Deputies as a deputy for Valencia region and served as Economic and Manufacturing spokesman for the PSOE group. During his time as deputy he was criticised [http://www.abc.es/hemeroteca/historico-22-12-2004/abc/Nacional/el-portavoz-economico-del-psoe-asesora-a-7-empresas-en-paralelo-con-su-actividadbr/_9631098401300.html] for possible conflict of interest. He did not stand at the 2008 election.

</doc>
<doc id="19922532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922532" title="China-EU School of Law">
China-EU School of Law

The China-EU School of Law (CESL; ) at the "China University of Political Science and Law" is located in Beijing, China. CESL was founded on the basis of a financing agreement between the European Community and the Government of the People’s Republic of China. It is the first Sino-foreign law school in China. The current Co-Deans are Fang Liufang and Ninon Colneric. 
Prior to CESL’s establishment, Premier Wen Jiabao expressed his hope that "CESL will educate a great many talented legal professionals with knowledge of both Chinese and Western laws."
History.
The precursor to CESL was the EU-China Legal and Judicial Cooperation Programme, which ran from 2000 to 2005. The former Chinese Minister of Justice, Zhang Fusen, first talked about the idea of creating a Sino-European law school in 2003. The head of the Delegation of the European Commission to China, Serge Abou, also promoted this idea to the European Community. An agreement to create a Sino-European law school was signed by the European Commission and the Chinese government in 2006.
The inauguration ceremony of the China-EU School of Law was held on October 23, 2008 and attended by Chinese Vice Premier Li Keqiang and European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso. The Asia Times stated that CESL’s establishment was a sign of ‘the degree of China's openness’.
CESL is the first law school in China approved by the Ministry of Education of the People's Republic of China under the Sino-foreign jointly administered schools agreement.
CESL’s mission is to support the Chinese Government in its effort to develop a society based on the rule of law and create a platform for European scholars and students to understand China’s legal system.
Organisation and Administration.
CESL is based on a Sino-European consortium, consisting of thirteen European universities, two Chinese Universities, the Chinese National Prosecutors College and the Chinese National Judges College. The consortium is co-ordinated by the University of Hamburg. Members provide teaching staff and co-financing. Further assistance is provided by 27 associates, including international law firms and research institutes.
The School’s highest decision making body is the Joint Managerial Committee, who are assisted by the Advisory Board. Chinese representatives on CESL's Advisory Board are: former President of the Supreme People’s Court, Xiao Yang; former Procurator General of the Supreme People’s Procuratorate, Jia Chunwang; and professor and civil law expert from the Institute of Law of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, Wang Jiafu. European members of the Advisory Board are: former President of the European Court of Justice, Gil Carlos Rodríguez Iglesias; Dean of the China Europe International Business School, Rolf D. Cremer; and former head of the European Union Delegation to China and Mongolia, Serge Abou.
Master’s Programmes.
The flagship programme of CESL is the Double Master. The three year Double Master includes the Master of Chinese Law, awarded by the China University of Political Science and Law and the Master of European and International Law, awarded by the University of Hamburg. The Master of Chinese Law is designed to provide an overview of China's legal framework within the context of post-1978 market reform. The Master of European and International Law exposes students to broad areas of public, private and criminal law with a focus on business law. Lecturers for the Master of European and International Law come from CESL’s partner universities in Europe who are collectively known as the Flying Faculty.
CLTE.
CESL will start a new Chinese Law Taught in English programme in Autumn 2011. Courses aim to provide visiting students with concrete knowledge of Chinese law as well as with a comparative approach to legal studies.The programme will last one term and lead to a certificate awarded by CESL. International students studying the Master of European and International Law will also be able to select CLTE courses.
PhD Programme.
The CESL PhD programme includes students studying for a PhD at CESL and visiting PhD students.
Professional Training Programme.
CESL provides professional training programmes for Chinese judges and prosecutors, Chinese and European lawyers and other legal professionals. CESL works with the Chinese National Judges College and the Chinese National Prosecutors College to train judges and prosecutors respectively. Lawyers training is organized either wholly by CESL or in cooperation with lawyers associations.
Research and Consultancy.
The objectives of research and consultancy at CESL are to contribute to the transformation process in China and the research efforts of the Sino-European academic community. CESL supports research into: legal and administrative transformation in China, China and Europe in a globalizing world, as well as legal theory, law and culture.

</doc>
<doc id="19922537" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922537" title="Volponi">
Volponi

Volponi (foaled 1998 in Kentucky) is an American Thoroughbred racehorse. Bred by trainer Philip G. Johnson's family operation, Amherst Stable, he was sired by Florida Derby winner Cryptoclearance. His dam, Prom Knight, was a daughter of the 1987 Irish Derby winner Sir Harry Lewis, who was a son of the great French runner Alleged, who won back-to-back editions of the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe.
In 2002, Volponi earned the most important win of his career when he won the Breeders' Cup Classic by 6½ lengths, the largest margin in the race's history. In winning the Classic, Volponi overcame odds of 44-to-1 to beat an outstanding field that included runner-up Medaglia d'Oro, Milwaukee Brew, Evening Attire, Macho Uno, Hawk Wing, War Emblem, and Harlan's Holiday, among others. 
At age five, Volponi made eight starts in 2003 without a win but had five seconds and two third place finishes. Retired to stud duty, his offspring have met with limited success in racing. At the end of 2005, he was sent to KRA Jeju Stud Farm in South Korea. To date, his best runner in terms of career earnings is daughter Clearly Foxy, who won the 2007 Grade III Natalma Stakes.

</doc>
<doc id="19922557" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922557" title="Diffusion limited enzyme">
Diffusion limited enzyme

A Diffusion limited enzyme is an enzyme which catalyses a reaction so efficiently that the rate limiting step is that of substrate diffusion into the active site, or product diffusion out. This is also known as kinetic perfection or catalytic perfection. Since the rate of catalysis of such enzymes is set by the diffusion-controlled reaction, it therefore represents an intrinsic, physical constraint on evolution (a maximum peak height in the fitness landscape) Diffusion limited perfect enzymes are very rare. Most enzymes catalyse their reactions to a rate that is 1,000-10,000 times slower than this limit. This is due to both the chemical limitations of difficult reactions, and the evolutionary limitations that such high reaction rates do not confer any extra fitness.
History.
The theory of diffusion-controlled reaction was originally utilized by R.A. Alberty, Gordon Hammes, and Manfred Eigen to estimate the upper limit of enzyme-substrate reaction. According to their estimation, the upper limit of enzyme-substrate reaction was 109/Msec.
In 1972, it was observed that in the dehydration of H2CO3 catalyzed by carbonic anhydrase, the second-order rate constant obtained experimentally was about 1.5 × 1010/Msec, which was one order of magnitude higher than the upper limit estimated by Alberty, Hammes, and Eigen based on a simplified model.
To address such a paradox, Prof. Kuo-Chen Chou and his co-workers proposed a model by taking into account the spatial factor and force field factor between the enzyme and its substrate and found that
the upper limit could reach 1010/Msec, and can be used to explain some surprisingly high reaction rates in molecular biology.
The new upper limit found by Chou et al. for enzyme-substrate reaction was further discussed and analyzed by a series of follow-up studies. 
A detailed comparison between the simplified Alberty-Hammes-Eigen’s model (a) and the Chou’s model (b) in calculating the diffusion-controlled reaction rate of enzyme with its substrate, or the upper limit of enzyme-substrate reaction, was elaborated in the paper.
Mechanics.
Kinetically perfect enzymes have a specificity constant, "k"cat/"K"m, on the order of 108 to 109 M−1 s−1. The rate of the enzyme catalysed reaction is limited by diffusion and so the enzyme 'processes' the substrate well before it encounters another molecule.)
Some enzymes operate with kinetics which are faster than diffusion rates, which would seem to be impossible. Several mechanisms have been invoked to explain this phenomenon. Some proteins are believed to accelerate catalysis by drawing their substrate in and preorienting them by using dipolar electric fields. Some invoke a quantum-mechanical tunneling explanation whereby a proton or an electron can tunnel through activation barriers, although proton tunneling remains a somewhat controversial idea.
Evolution.
It is worth noting that there are not many kinetically perfect enzymes. This can be explained in terms of natural selection. An increase in catalytic speed may be favoured as it could confer some advantage to the organism. However, when the catalytic speed outstrips diffusion speed (i.e. substrates entering and leaving the active site, and also encountering substrates) there is no more advantage to increase the speed even further. The diffusion limit represents an absolute physical constraint on evolution.) Increasing the catalytic speed past the diffusion speed will not aid the organism in any way and so represents a global maximum in a fitness landscape. Therefore these perfect enzymes must have come about by 'lucky' random mutation which happened to spread, or because the faster speed was once useful as part of a different reaction in the enzyme's ancestry.

</doc>
<doc id="19922578" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922578" title="Peter Drobach">
Peter Drobach

Peter Anthony Drobach, Sr. (November 23, 1890 - November 24, 1947) was an American track cyclist who was a professional rider between 1908 and 1922. Especially in the 1910s, he enjoyed many successes in six-day racing.

</doc>
<doc id="19922612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922612" title="Blackmailers">
Blackmailers

Blackmailers Rekord Orkestr — the wedding and funeral orchestra.
History.
The band was created in 1997 by Aleksey Baryshev, a well-known Russian guitar player. At first it was a classical “guitar hero” blues band with an undiluted blues-rock repertoire. However, little by little its creative vision gravitated towards blues formats of Californian persuasion with discernible influences by T-Bone Walker and Tiny Grimes.
At that time, the Blackmailers took part in all major Russian blues festivals and toured the country extensively, but the real breakthrough in the band’s life happened in 2004. Under the impression of the Gypsy Cycle of the famous movie director Emir Kusturica, the Blackmailers attempted to mix the blues with southern Slavic folk music. It was then that they discovered for themselves Balkan wedding-and-funeral bands, such as Fanfare Ciocărlia, Kočani Orkestar, and Mahala Rai Banda, which later reshaped the Blackmailers’ music and concert performances.
In 2005 they released their debut album, "Zlatno Zrno Blues". The title was an allusion to the flour mill from Kusturica’s Black Cat, White Cat. The record made it to the 2005 Russian Blues Bestsellers Top Ten compiled by the BluesNews network magazine. The band was noticed by the mass media. They played together with the world’s top bluesmen, such as Junior Watson, Gary Primich, Vidar Busk, Rick Holmstrom, Mitch Kashmar, and Alex Schultz.
The band’s second album, "Paradise Fanfare Blues", was released in 2007. Its major influences included Nina Simone, T-Bone Walker, Jimmy Witherspoon, and Johnny Cash on the one hand, and Balkan wedding-and-funeral bands on the other hand. The musicians say that their style is evolving slowly and naturally, and that their new album, another attempt at fusing the blues tradition with the Balkan ethnic music, has turned out to be even more organic and powerful.

</doc>
<doc id="19922645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922645" title="Länsikylä, Pyhtää">
Länsikylä, Pyhtää

Länsikylä () is a village in the municipality of Pyhtää, Kymenlaakso, Southern Finland province, Finland. 
Munasuo national park is located in Länsikylä region. It's good place to see rare birds.

</doc>
<doc id="19922655" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922655" title="Bearsville, New York">
Bearsville, New York

Bearsville is a hamlet in Ulster County, New York, USA. Bearsville is in the town of Woodstock, New York and is located along New York State Route 212, within Catskill State Park and just to the west of the hamlet of Woodstock. The highest known temperature in Bearsville was 101°F, which occurred in 1995. The lowest temperature was –27°F, recorded in 1994.
Bearsville was named for German peddler and storekeeper Christian Baehr, who built a store on the Sawkill Creek in 1839. Places of interest in Bearsville, or named for it, include Bearsville Records and Bearsville Studios, the WDST radio studios, and the Little Bear theater and restaurant complex.
On July 13, 2012, a family in Bearsville reported that their home had been repeatedly ransacked by bears that had broken into their kitchen. State wildlife specialists subsequently determined that the mother bear involved was a nuisance and would have to be killed, though efforts to shoot the bear were unsuccessful. Like many towns in Ulster County, Bearsville also has a thriving deer population.

</doc>
<doc id="19922699" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922699" title="Scott Fox (linebacker)">
Scott Fox (linebacker)

Scott Fox (born on December 28, 1963 in Clinton, Tennessee) is a former professional American football linebacker in the National Football League. He was a replacement player for the Houston Oilers during the players strike in the 1987 NFL season. He played in 2 games and had 1 sack. He played college football at Austin Peay State. He was 6'2" and weighed 222 lbs. in his playing time.
Scott Foax In The Grit Boax
External links.
Scott Fox In The Grit Box

</doc>
<doc id="19922704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922704" title="Gurnam Singh (athlete)">
Gurnam Singh (athlete)

Gurnam Singh (born in Punjab, India on August 16, 1931) was the former Indonesian runner who gained three gold medals to the branch ran to Asian Games the four in Jakarta during 1962, respectively in the number ran the marathon, 5000 and 10000 meters. His success made him be given the gift took the form of 20 cattle, two cars, as well as a house in the Sawo Alley, Medan. After that his life began to be uncertain; his wife brought went his six children during 1969. Afterward during 1972, his house was dragged by the regional government because of not having permission to erect the building (IMB). Since that time he kept moving his home, from one relative to other relatives. Finally, during 2003, he lived in the special school the Indian descendants in Medan.

</doc>
<doc id="19922709" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922709" title="Triangle Marsh">
Triangle Marsh

Triangle Marsh is a wetland of the San Francisco Bay situated at the base of Ring Mountain at the north end of the Tiburon Peninsula in Marin County, California, USA. 
Archaeological Pecked curvilinear nucleated petroglyphs, and recovery on Ring Mountain, hold significant evidence of Native American habitation and likely proof that early Miwok peoples exploited marine resources from Triangle Marsh.
The property is owned by the Marin branch of the National Audubon Society who restored upland and wetland habitats there with funding from a variety of sources. Federal endangered species, including the Clapper Rail and Salt Marsh Harvest Mouse, live in the Marsh.

</doc>
<doc id="19922715" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922715" title="How Did a Nice Girl Like You Get Into This Business?">
How Did a Nice Girl Like You Get Into This Business?

How Did a Nice Girl Like You Get Into This Business? (Original German title: "Mir hat es immer Spaß gemacht" (also: "Wie kommt ein so reizendes Mädchen zu diesem Gewerbe?") and also known as "The Naughty Cheerleader") is a 1970 West German comedy film directed by Will Tremper and starring Barbi Benton. 
It is based on the novel of the same title, written by Lynn Keefe.

</doc>
<doc id="19922725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922725" title="Sneffels Range">
Sneffels Range

The Sneffels Range, regionally conterminous with San Juans, is the name of a young, prominent, rocky, range of mountains in southwestern Colorado of the San Juan Mountains. The Sneffels Range is often compared with the Grand Tetons because they both have a similar rugged appearance and a dramatic vertical rise. The Sneffels range form the southern border of Ouray County and run west to east.
Prominence.
The Sneffels Range can be viewed from as far as the La Sal Mountains in eastern Utah and is very prominent from most vantage points of the Uncompahgre Valley. The most prominent peak of the Sneffels Range is Mount Sneffels reaching .

</doc>
<doc id="19922726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922726" title="Dennis Mims">
Dennis Mims

Dennis Mims (born October 15, 1980) is an American professional basketball player. He is married to a Turkish woman and assumed Turkish citizenship. He is currently playing for Tallinna Kalev in Estonia.
He joined Beşiktaş Cola Turka for 2008-09 season, but kicked out at the middle of the season.

</doc>
<doc id="19922744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922744" title="Cochetopa Hills">
Cochetopa Hills

The Cochetopa Hills are a ridge of uplands on the Continental Divide in southern Colorado, United States. The ridge bridges the southern terminus of the Sawatch Range to the northern terminus of the La Garita Mountains. The Cochetopa Hills are characterized by rolling terrain with peaks between and noteworthy volcanic geology. The Sawatch Range to the northeast and the La Garita Mountains to the south are characterized by higher peaks. On USGS topographic maps, the area labeled as the Cochetopa Hills is roughly bounded by Antora Peak, the town of Sargents, the drainage of Cochetopa Creek, and the town of Saguache. North Pass on State Highway 114 and the backcountry Cochetopa Pass allow passage from the upper Rio Grande drainage on the east to the upper Gunnison River drainage to the west.
The practice of naming mid-elevation upland areas in central and southern Colorado using the word hills was also illustrated by the naming of the similar uplands between the upper Arkansas valley and South Park: the Arkansas Hills.

</doc>
<doc id="19922751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922751" title="2002 FIFA World Cup qualification – UEFA Group 2">
2002 FIFA World Cup qualification – UEFA Group 2

The 2002 FIFA World Cup qualification UEFA Group 2 was a UEFA qualifying group for the 2002 FIFA World Cup. The group comprised Andorra, Cyprus, Estonia, Netherlands, Portugal and Republic of Ireland.
The group was won by Portugal, who qualified for the 2002 FIFA World Cup. The runners-up Republic of Ireland entered the UEFA play-off stage.
Team stats.
Head coach: Mick McCarthy

Head coach: Louis van Gaal

Head coach: Tarmo Rüütli (first to fourth match); Arno Pijpers (fifth to tenth match)

Head coach: Stavros Papadopoulos (first to seventh match); Takis Charalambous (eighth to tenth match)

Head coach: David Rodrigo

</doc>
<doc id="19922770" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922770" title="Hiram Denio">
Hiram Denio

Hiram Denio (May 21, 1799 in Rome, Oneida County, New York - November 5, 1871 in Utica, Oneida County, New York) was an American lawyer and politician from New York. He was Chief Judge of the New York Court of Appeals from 1856 to 1857 and from 1862 to 1865.
Life.
He was District Attorney of Oneida County from 1825 to 1834, Judge of the Fifth Circuit Court from 1834 to 1838, and one of three bank commissioners from 1838 to 1840.
He was Clerk of the New York Supreme Court from 1845 to 1847 and published 31 volumes of law reports:
On June 23, 1853, he was appointed by Governor Horatio Seymour a judge of the New York Court of Appeals to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Freeborn G. Jewett. In November 1853, he was re-elected to fill the unexpired term of Jewett until 1857. In November 1857, he was re-elected to a full eight-year term, and remained on the bench until the end of 1865. He was Chief Judge from 1856 to 1857 and, after the resignation of Samuel L. Selden, from July 1862 until the end of his term. He died in 1871, and was buried at the Forest Hill Cemetery in Utica, NY.

</doc>
<doc id="19922774" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922774" title="KnowHow2GOKy">
KnowHow2GOKy

KnowHow2GOKy is a Kentucky outreach initiative focused on improving access to universities and colleges, from The Advertising Council, the American Council on Education and Lumina Foundation for Education.
The campaign was designed to raise awareness about the steps needed to prepare for college and to motivate low-income, first-generation students to turn their dreams of going to college into a reality.
History.
KnowHow2GOKY is a multiyear, multimedia effort to encourage more Kentuckians to plan, enroll and succeed in college modeled after the national KnowHow2GO campaign developed by the American Council on Education, Lumina Foundation for Education and the Council. KnowHow2GOKy is led by the Kentucky Council on Postsecondary Education and supports Kentucky’s Double the Numbers efforts to double the number of college graduates in the state by 2020.
Included in the KnowHow2GOKy outreach is an interactive Web site - KnowHow2GOKy.org. KnowHow2GOKy is the only state KnowHow2GO campaign that has expanded its outreach to include nontraditional students as well. The KnowHow2GOKy Web site targets transfer students, GED students and graduates, and returning and first-time adult learners. The Council secured a $100,000 grant from the National Postsecondary Education Cooperative to fund the online component of the outreach.
KnowHow2GOKy - Outreach to Middle and High School Students.
Kentucky middle school and high school students are challenged to take the “tough” classes to prepare for college through public service radio and TV ads. This component of the outreach is funded primarily with federal funds through the GEAR UP Kentucky program. Outreach efforts also target parents and/or mentors to stay involved in their child’s academic life and help them plan early for college.
KnowHow2GOKy messages and materials are distributed through a coordinated grassroots network, the Kentucky College Access Network, developed in partnership with the Prichard Committee for Academic Excellence. Through the sponsorship of the Kentucky Broadcasters Association’s Public Education Partnership prog ram, statewide TV and radio ads began circulation May 2008.
KnowHow2GoKy - Outreach to Returning Adults.
Description: While the KnowHow2GOKy Web site provides resources for all adult learners, a key component of the effort - Kentucky’s Project Graduate initiative - focuses on more than 11,000 Kentucky adults who have 90 or more credit hours but no bachelor’s degree. All of Kentucky’s public colleges and universities and nine independent colleges and universities are participating in Project Graduate, an outreach that consists primarily of a direct mail effort and Web presence, coupled with a high-touch experience. Colleges and universities are contacting their former students with letters and Project Graduate postcards that list the incentives they are offering to encourage their former students to re-enroll and earn a degree. In addition to the Project Graduate Web site, the Adults section of the KnowHow2GOKy Web site also offers information about this program.
KnowHow2GoKy - Outreach to Transfer Students.
KnowHow2GOKy targets students currently enrolled at a Kentucky community or technical college to encourage them to transfer to and complete a bachelor’s degree program at a four-year college or university. Outreach efforts include the development and distribution of transfer student handbooks to KCTCS students and the development of extensive online resources for transfer students in the ‘College Transfer’ section of KnowHow2GOKy.org.
KnowHow2GoKy - Outreach to Adults with a High School Diploma/GED and GED graduates.
This component of the KnowHow2GOKy initiative targets approximately 800,000 Kentucky adults without a high school diploma or GED for recruitment purposes and 9,500 Kentucky adults with a GED who are not currently enrolled in college. Building upon the results of a survey of 3,200 GED graduates conducted by Kentucky Adult Education in spring 2007, the KnowHow2GOKy Web site offers this audience comprehensive online resources to help them get their GED and transition to college. In partnership with Kentucky Adult Education, CPE plans to expand outreach to this audience to include the development and distribution of recruitment and transition toolkits for adult educators across the state.

</doc>
<doc id="19922779" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922779" title="Abu Nour">
Abu Nour

Abu Nour was a Berber king (Taifa of Banu Ifran) of Ronda (1014- 1058). He built the most important sites in the town.

</doc>
<doc id="19922787" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922787" title="William Headline">
William Headline

William Headline (1931 – October 20, 2008) served as Washington bureau chief for 12 years during the formative years of CNN and headed the Voter News Service during the United States 2000 presidential election. Given his name and his profession, Wolf Blitzer described Headline as having "the best name in news".
Early life.
William Headline was born in Cleveland, Ohio in 1931 and grew up in East Aurora, New York. The family name had been Americanized by a Swedish ancestor. Headline attended Ohio Wesleyan University where he majored in geology. He was an intelligence officer in the United States Navy prior to his career in journalism.
Career in journalism.
He worked for Louis Harris and Associates in New York gathering polling information. CBS News in New York hired him work on coverage of the 1964 presidential election. Headline was promoted to senior vice president and later moved to Washington in 1974 as the network's assistant bureau chief. In his years at CBS News, Headline supervised the network's coverage of political conventions, overseas presidential trips and papal visits, and was the network pool producer during President Richard Nixon's resignation.
Headline was hired by CNN in 1983, and was appointed as the network's bureau chief in Washington, D.C., filling a position that had been occupied by six different individuals in the three years before he was hired. As bureau chief, Headline oversaw the growth of CNN Washington bureau from 80 to 350 staff members. He remained as bureau chief until 1996, when CNN named him to serve as the vice president managing special projects and pool assignments.
He served as the chairman of the Washington-based Radio and Television Correspondents' Association.
Headline left CNN in 1998 and became the executive director of the Voter News Service, a consortium of television networks and newspapers that used exit polling and vote tallies to project election winners. The organization faced criticism after the United States 2000 presidential election, when it incorrectly projected that Vice President Al Gore had won the election. Headline was quoted in 2001 stating that "We were aware some of the computer hardware we have was antiquated," but that "it was actually a good night" when the number of races it projected correctly are considered. The Voter News Service was shut down in January 2003 after it was unable to fix its problems; Headline stated that two years "was much too ambitious" a timeframe for the organization to solve its issues.
Death.
Headline died on October 20, 2008 at age 76 after falling in his home in Bethesda, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="19922800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922800" title="Kenneth G. Mills">
Kenneth G. Mills

Kenneth George Mills (1923–2004) was a Canadian metaphysical/philosophical speaker and author. An exponent of the oral tradition, he gave spontaneous lectures and poetry for over 37 years. At the same time, he became noted for his accomplishments in music, particularly as the conductor of the choral ensemble The Star-Scape Singers. He excelled at composing, painting and design and has been described by some as a New Age man, a man for all seasons, and a Renaissance man.
Life.
Mills was born in St. Stephen, New Brunswick in January 1923. He attended Mount Allison University in Sackville, New Brunswick. Trained from the age of 7 in music, he became a concert pianist, with debuts in Toronto in 1952 and New York City in 1961. Though he chose to end his career as a concert pianist in 1963, he concentrated on teaching piano and adjudicating young musicians for another ten years. Living in Toronto, he began speaking spontaneously to those who requested that he do so, ultimately offering many thousands of hours of metaphysical/philosophical lectures and meetings over his lifetime.
Mills extended his musical interests in 1976 when he formed the a cappella vocal ensemble The Star-Scape Singers. He and his singers would eventually give concerts throughout Eastern and Western Europe and the United States. Mills also engaged in musical composition, creating both choral and orchestral works. In addition, he explored various types of designing, and in 1993 created a line of haute couture fashions. His interest in painting yielded more than 200 large canvases. He was recognized for mentoring and sponsorship of artists in all these disciplines, and he continued his mentoring and spontaneous speaking until shortly before his death in October 2004.
Spontaneous lectures.
In 1964, Mills decided to speak about his inner experiences, but only if asked to do so. He made this agreement after he received the same message from two different sources: “You must learn to speak the Word again.” Then, people began seeking him out - sometimes arriving unexpectedly on his doorstep - asking about their deepest questions and concerns. Mills found himself speaking spontaneously to these seekers. When their number became too large to speak with individually, Mills began giving lectures. He defined his spontaneous speaking, which he called "Unfoldment", as “an impromptu performance under the impelling of divine ideas. It is a projection from another dimension or plane of consciousness, causing those prepared to hear to awaken to the higher or greater possibilities of living beyond the limits of three dimensions and translating what seems to be the ordinary into another level of consideration.” He also often spoke in poetry, offering some 3,000 extemporaneous poems during his lifetime.
Many of Mills’ spontaneous lectures were recorded and transcribed. Ultimately, a number of them were gathered together and published as books or as spoken word recordings, described by one reviewer as offering metaphysical ideas which are “provocative and deeply inspiring.” A reviewer of one of his poetry books observed that Mills’ universal themes “revolve around wonder, light and love,” while an endorsement on another of his books described Mills as having fun with the language and the sounds of words. It has also been pointed out that Mills’ lectures and books “give a universal, metaphysical perspective on some of the most perplexing problems faced by men and women today.” 
In 1989, the Earth-Stage Actors, a New York–based ensemble, began to dramatize excerpts from Mills’ publications. Critics have called these dramatizations “a theatre of philosophy” and “modern-day Shakespeare.”
Music.
Mills’ philosophy always possessed for him strong musical implications. “The purpose of Music is to reveal to man his innate at-one-ment with a harmonic state of Being”, he said. When three singers (from the vocal group The Free Design) asked him for help with their voices in 1976, Mills soon found himself re-engaging the world of concertizing. Within a short time, the three singers were joined by seven others, and the a cappella vocal ensemble he called The Star-Scape Singers was formed. These singers were ultimately acclaimed in the United States and abroad as creators of a renaissance in choral art. 
Star-Scape made their American debut at Carnegie Hall in 1981, ultimately performing seven different concerts there between 1981 and 1986. New York City critics described them as “an instrument of bright and extraordinary varied capacity” and “a vocal ensemble of rare distinction.” In 1983, the Singers embarked upon their first tour to Europe, performing at several large choral festivals, and on subsequent tours at many of the great halls and cathedrals of both Western and Eastern Europe. One critic in Munich described their work with Mills as “phenomenal, artistic, one-of-a-kind vocal art.” Mills and the ensemble made a total of seven lengthy European and Soviet tours. While on tour in 1984, they were asked to make a recording for broadcast on Radio Vatican, inaugurating the World Year of Music in 1985. One of their performances of "The Fire Mass", considered the ensemble’s major work, at Roy Thomson Hall in Toronto was broadcast nationwide by the (Canadian Broadcasting Corporation) in 1988. On their tour to the then-USSR in 1991, Mills and the Singers led the first non-military Victory Day Parade down Gorky Street in Moscow.
Mills co-composed or arranged over 150 pieces for the Star-Scape repertoire in collaboration with composer Christopher Dedrick. In 1996, Mills began composing spontaneous orchestral works, using four MIDI keyboards plus foot pedals to capture his instantaneous compositions. Critics have credited him with bridging the classical and new age genres. His goal was to approximate the sounds of real instruments as closely as possible with the keyboards, and in 2002 a CD of several of his orchestral compositions, titled "Majestic Tonescape", was released, performed by musicians from the Toronto Symphony Orchestra.
Other endeavors.
In February 1993, Mills began to draw and paint for the first time. He soon became a prolific painter of large canvasses, creating more than 200 in less than three years. Most of his paintings depict huge flowers or otherworldly landscapes, and they have been recognized for the bold use of color and their energy. The paintings have been exhibited in both Canada and the U.S., and some are found in private collections.
Mills also ventured into the realm of fashion design. Ultimately, he created an elegant line of haute couture fashions, Moulins Originales, many of which were debuted in a fashion show titled "The Integrity of Elegance". This showing was captured on a pioneering high-definition television recording at New York City’s Ed Sullivan Theater in February 1993. Another showing of Mills’ designs occurred at the Design Exchange in Toronto during the PRIME Mentors’ 10th Anniversary Celebration, in 1997.
Recognition.
At the gala banquet of the MedArt International 1992 World Congress, a gathering of physicians and artists who specialize in bringing the arts to medicine, Mills was presented with a Special Recognition Award “for the outstanding healing power of his art” (i.e. his music).
A lifelong supporter of the arts, Mills founded Patrons of Wisdom in 1980, a non-profit organization that supported and encouraged young classical musicians and artists. In recognition of his continuous support of deserving individuals and “for being an exemplary mentor and for serving as a role model par excellence whom society could look up to for inspiration and guidance,” he was chosen Honorary PRIME Mentor of Canada in April 1997.
In 1998, Mills was awarded an honorary doctorate of Humanities from Wolfe’s University. That same year, the Senate of Canada recognized Mills with their Award of Excellence “for outstanding achievement in humanity, education, philosophy and arts.”

</doc>
<doc id="19922802" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922802" title="Big Indian, New York">
Big Indian, New York

Big Indian is a hamlet within the Town of Shandaken in Ulster County, New York, United States. It is located along State Route 28, within the Catskill Park 17 miles west of Woodstock. The Esopus Creek runs through the area, as Birch Creek feeds in from the north. Big Indian Hollow is located slightly to the west, while Big Indian Mountain sits to the southwest.
Origin of name.
Once a Munsee named Winneesook (the name means "snowfall") lived near Marbletown, New York; because of his height of about seven feet, he was also called "Big Indian". He was in love with a local woman, Gertrude Molyneux, who eventually loved him as well; because her parents opposed the match, they arranged a marriage with one Joseph Bundy. Disliking Bundy, Gertrude eloped with Winneesook into the wilderness. Some years later, a party of people searching for a missing cow was led by Bundy; still seeking revenge, he accused "that big Indian" of stealing the cow. When they finally found Winneesook, Bundy shot him with his rifle and injured him severely; after being left alone, Winneesook crawled to a pine tree where Gertrude found him later dying. After Winneesook's death and burial, Gertrude and her children moved to the site; the hamlet of Big Indian later developed at that location. Local lore holds that the pine tree stood until the railroad through Big Indian was built in the 1880s.
Climate.
This climatic region is typified by large seasonal temperature differences, with warm to hot (and often humid) summers and cold (sometimes severely cold) winters. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Big Indian has a humid continental climate, abbreviated "Dfb" on climate maps.

</doc>
<doc id="19922804" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922804" title="Shweli River">
Shweli River

Shweli River () is a river in Myanmar (Burma). Also known as Nam Mao in Shan and Lung Chuan Chiang in Chinese, it forms part of the boundary between Burma and China. It is one of the tributaries of the country's chief river, the Ayeyarwady, and arises in Yunnan Province of China. It flows through northern Shan state and Sagaing Division, and enters the Ayeyarwady at Inywa, 60 km north of Tagaung and south of Katha.
History.
Tai people, known as Shan in Burma, migrated from Yunnan into Burma along the Shweli. Maw Shans from Mong Mao settled in the Shweli valley, and raided and invaded the Bamar heartlands down the Shweli, but King Anawrahta of Bagan (1044–1077) reduced them to a vassal state. The fall of the kingdom of Bagan in the 13th century, however, saw a resurgence of Shan power, although King Bayinnaung (1551–1581) of the Taungoo Dynasty succeeded in pacifying them to establish Burmese suzerainty once and for all. King Hsinbyushin (1763–1776) of the Konbaung Dynasty also successfully repelled Chinese invasions (1765-9) that advanced down the Shweli and Myitnge river valleys.
The territory south of the Shweli, about 500–600 km2, north of Namtu and from Namkham to the west, was under the control of the Communist Party of Burma (CPB) from 1968 to 1986. The Kachin Independence Army (KIA) controlled the area north of the Shweli, and the Shan State Army (SSA) and the Palaung State Liberation Army (PSLA) farther south. The Shweli river valley and the hills around Momeik (Mong Mit) and Mogok with its ruby mines had been old CPB strongholds since the 1950s. Momeik itself was captured by the Communists in 1977. The Burmese Army recaptured the territory in early 1987, and subsequently opened up border trade with China.
Population.
The region is inhabited mainly by Shan and Palaung peoples, some Kachin and a few Chinese.
Flora and fauna.
There are extensive marshes on both banks of the Shweli at the confluence with the Ayeyarwady. Hills are covered with broad-leaved species of Terminalia and Shorea trees. Rhododendron edgeworthii, of the finest foliage and flowers ranging in colour from white to white flushed pink or pink, sometimes with a yellow blotch, was part of a collection made in 1997 on the Shweli - Salween divide on the Yunnan border with Burma.
White-winged Wood Duck (Cairina scutulata), an endangered species of forest duck, and the Sarus Crane Grus antigone are native to the Shweli river. The Gharial Gavialis gangeticus, a crocodilian, was last spotted in 1927. The Irrawaddy Dolphin has been known to reach the upper tributaries of the Ayeyarwady including the Shweli. 
Trade and commerce.
Muse is connected to Ruili on the Chinese side, and a roaring trade in goods and services was engaged in across the "Gun Bridge", so called because of the armaments transported from China to the military government of Burma. The old bridge was replaced by a new wider one in 2005. Gems especially jade and produce, and illicit heroin, are exported in exchange for cheap motorcycles and household goods from China.
More recently, Chinese hybrid rice called "sinn shweli" has been introduced by the military authorities to the local farmers as part of the opium eradication drive, most of the crop to be exported back to China.

</doc>
<doc id="19922808" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922808" title="Tullycraft – True Blue 7&quot;">
Tullycraft – True Blue 7&quot;

“True Blue” was the debut single from the indiepop band Tullycraft.

</doc>
<doc id="19922830" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922830" title="Portrait (The Nolans album)">
Portrait (The Nolans album)

Portrait is a 1982 album by pop group, The Nolans. It featured the UK top 20 singles "Chemistry" and "Don't Love Me Too Hard" and reached No.7 in the album charts. It was released earlier as "Don't Love Me Too Hard" in Japan with a slightly different track-listing, where it became one of the first 50 albums to be released on Compact disc.
Background.
By early 1982, The Nolans had had a run of success in the UK which included three UK top 20 albums and seven top 20 singles as well as achieving major success in Japan. Many of the tracks for this album had been recorded in 1981, but their touring schedule was preventing them from finishing it. With just one day before the deadline, the record company urged the group to work through the night to complete vocals for the remaining tracks. With a cheque for £25,000 to each of them, they did so and "Portrait" was released in March 1982. Featuring the top 20 hits "Chemistry" and "Don't Love Me Too Hard", the album itself was a success also by reaching No.7 in the album charts. This however signalled the end of their peak, as a third single, "Crashing Down" proved to be aptly titled. The song not only became their first to fail to enter the top 20 this decade, but failed to make the charts at all. Somewhat curiously (and uniquely) it featured on the 'Bubbling Under' section of the chart for five consecutive weeks, without ever entering the top 75. "Portrait" finished as one of the top 100 selling albums of 1982 in the UK and was certified gold by the BPI.
The album, like its predecessor, was produced by Ben Findon and Nicky Graham separately. Both producers were now giving the songs a heavy disco sound such as "Don't Let it Go By" (by Findon) and "Chemistry" (by Graham). For this album, a third producer was added, Robin Smith, who was Coleen's boyfriend at the time. Two of the songs were co-written by member and lead-singer Bernie Nolan ("Are You Thinking of Me" and "Every Little Thing"), while closing track "Amy" was written for (former member) Anne's daughter, to whom the album was also dedicated. The album was a hit also in their biggest market, Japan, where it had been released as "Don't Love Me Too Hard" some months prior to the UK. A fourth single was released there also; "How Do I Survive". (which had been a big hit for Amy Holland in 1980 from her self-titled debut album.) The album was significant in that it became one of the first 50 pop albums ever to be released on Compact disc, when it was released on the format in Japan in October 1982.
The album was later re-released on CD with bonus tracks in September 2010 by Cherry Red Records. 
Track listing.
Side One
Side Two
CD Bonus tracks (2010)
Personnel.
Producers:

</doc>
<doc id="19922842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922842" title="Uncial 0140">
Uncial 0140

Uncial 0140 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 10th century. 
Description.
The codex contains a small part of the Acts of the Apostles 5:34-38, on one parchment leaf (14.5 cm by 12 cm). It is written in one column per page, 18 lines per page, in uncial letters. 
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the mixed text-type. Aland placed it in Category III. 
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 10th century.
The codex now is located in Saint Catherine's Monastery (Sinai Harris App. 41). 

</doc>
<doc id="19922843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922843" title="Equilateral pentagon">
Equilateral pentagon

In geometry an equilateral pentagon is a polygon with five sides of equal length. Its five internal angles, in turn, can take a range of sets of values, thus permitting it to form a family of pentagons. In contrast, the regular pentagon is unique, because it is equilateral and moreover its five angles are equal.
Four intersecting equal circles arranged in a closed chain are sufficient to determine an equilateral pentagon. Each circle's center is one of four vertices of the pentagon. The remain vertex is determined by the intersection of the first and the last circle of the chain.
It is possible to describe any equilateral pentagon with only two angles α and β with α ≥ β provided the fourth angle (δ) is the smallest of the rest of the angles. Thus the general equilateral pentagon can be regarded as a bivariate function "f(α, β)" where the rest of the angles can be obtained by using trigonometric relations. The equilateral pentagon described in this manner will be unique up to a rotation in the plane.
Internal angles.
When the equilateral pentagon is dissected into triangles, two of them appear as isosceles (triangles in orange and blue) while the other one is more general (triangle in green).
According to the law of sines the length of the line dividing the green and blue triangles is:
The square of the length of the line dividing the orange and green triangles is:
According to the law of cosines, the cosine of δ can be seen from the figure:
Simplifying, δ is obtained as function of α and β:
Two dimensional mapping.
The equilateral pentagon as a function of two variables can be plotted in the two-dimensional plane. Each pair of values (α, β) maps to a single point of the plane and also maps to a single pentagon.
The periodicity of the values of α and β and the condition α ≥ β ≥ δ permit the size of the mapping to be limited. In the plane with coordinate axes α and β, α = β is a line dividing the plane in two parts (south border shown in orange in the drawing). δ = β as a curve divides the plane into different sections (north border shown in blue). 
Both borders enclose a continuous region of the plane whose points map to unique equilateral pentagons. Points outside the region just map to repeated pentagons—that is, pentagons that when rotated or reflected can match others already described. Pentagons that map exactly onto those borders have a line of symmetry.
Inside the region of unique mappings there are three types of pentagons: stellated, concave and convex, separated by new borders.
Stellated.
The stellated pentagons have sides intersected by others. A common example of this type of pentagon is the pentagram. A condition for a pentagon to be stellated, or self-intersecting, is to have 2α + β ≤ 180°. So, in the mapping, the line 2α + β = 180° (shown in orange at the north) is the border between the regions of stellated and non-stellated pentagons. Pentagons which map exactly to this border have a vertex touching another side.
Concave.
The concave pentagons are non-stellated pentagons having at least one angle greater than 180°. The first angle which opens wider than 180° is γ, so γ = 180° (border shown in green at right) is a curve which is the border of the regions of concave pentagons and others, called convex. Pentagons which map exactly to this border have at least two consecutive sides appearing as a double length side, which resembles a pentagon degenerated to a quadrilateral.
Convex.
The convex pentagons have all of their five angles smaller than 180° and no sides intersecting others. A common example of this type of pentagon is the regular pentagon.

</doc>
<doc id="19922857" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922857" title="Scalar implicature">
Scalar implicature

In pragmatics, scalar implicature, or quantity implicature, is an implicature that attributes an "implicit" meaning beyond the explicit or "literal" meaning of an utterance, and which suggests that the utterer had a reason for not using a more informative or "stronger" term on the same scale. The choice of the weaker characterization suggests that, as far as the speaker knows, none of the stronger characterizations in the scale holds. This is commonly seen in the use of 'some' to suggest the meaning 'not all', even though 'some' is logically consistent with 'all'. If Bill says 'I have some of my money in cash', this suggests to a hearer (though it does not logically imply it) that Bill does not have all his money in cash.
Origin.
Scalar implicatures typically arise where the speaker qualifies or scales their statement with language that conveys to the listener an inference or implicature that indicates that the speaker had reasons not to use a stronger, more informative, term. For example, where a speaker uses the term "some" in the statement, "Some students can afford a new car.", the use of "some" gives rise to an inference or implicature that "Not all students can afford a new car."
As with pragmatic inference generally, such inferences are defeasible or cancellable - the inferred meaning may not be true, even though the literal meaning is true. This distinguishes such inferences from entailment. They are also non-detachable. A conversational implicature is said to be "non-detachable" when, after the replacement of what is said with another expression with the same literal meaning, the same conversational implicature remains. This distinguishes them from conventional implicatures.
In a 2006 experiment with Greek-speaking five-year-olds' interpretation of aspectual expressions, the results revealed that children have limited success in deriving scalar implicatures from the use of aspectual verbs such as "start" (which implicates non-completion). However, the tested children succeed in deriving scalar implicatures with discrete degree modifiers such as "half" as in half finished. Their ability to spontaneously compute scalar implicatures was greater than their ability to judge the pragmatic appropriateness of scalar statements. In addition, the tested children were able to suspend scalar implicatures in environments where they were not supported. 
Griceans attempt to explain these implicatures in terms of the maxim of quantity, according to which one is to be just as informative as required. The idea is that if the speaker were in a position to make the stronger statement, they would have. Since they did not, the hearer must believe that the stronger statement is not true.
Examples of scalar implicature.
Some examples of scalar implicature are:
Uttering the sentence (a) in most cases will communicate the assumption in (b). This seems to be because the speaker did not use stronger terms such as 'there will be "more" than five people for dinner tonight' or 'she "can't possibly" get the job'. For example, if Bill really did have all of Chomsky's papers, the speaker would have said so. However, according to the maxim of quantity, a speaker will only be informative as is required, and will therefore not use any stronger terms unless required. The hearer, knowing this, will assume that the stronger term does not apply.

</doc>
<doc id="19922862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922862" title="The Commonwealth Medical College">
The Commonwealth Medical College

The Commonwealth Medical College (TCMC) is one of the nation’s newest medical colleges located in northeast and north central Pennsylvania that offers a community-based model of medical education with three regional campuses - north (Scranton), south (Wilkes-Barre) and west (Williamsport). The College was awarded degree granting authority by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in 2008, received preliminary LCME (Liaison Committee on Medical Education) accreditation in 2008; provisional accreditation in 2012, and accepted its first class of medical and master's students in 2009. TCMC offers a Medical Degree (MD) program, Master of Biomedical Sciences (MBS) degree, and Professional Science of Masters degree. 
The College attracts students from within its 16-county region as well as across Pennsylvania and the nation who are interested in studying evidence- and community-based medicine and who have a strong desire to serve their community. The students have early clinical experiences and are engaged with clinical mentors right from the start of their education.
Mission.
The Commonwealth Medical College educates aspiring physicians and scientists to serve society using a community-based, patient-centered, interprofessional and evidence-based model of education that is committed to inclusion, promotes discovery and utilizes innovative techniques.
History.
TCMC was established through the grassroots efforts of visionary individuals who understood what a community-based medical school would bring to a region – and worked to make it a reality. Their goal was to provide more physicians and improved healthcare resources for the people of northeastern and north central Pennsylvania. The focus was to create a unique medical education experience that focused on caring for people in their lives and community. 
TCMC began as the Northeastern Pennsylvania Medical Education Development Consortium (MEDC) in 2003. The consortium included business, medical, community, and government representatives. After acquiring funding, a $35 million grant from the Pennsylvania Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program; $25 million in start up funding from Blue Cross of Northeastern Pennsylvania and an additional $45 million in 2008 to construct the Medical Sciences Building; state, federal and private philanthropic sources, the Commonwealth Medical Education Corporation was formed. In the spring of 2007, Robert M. D’Alessandri, MD, began his tenure as president and founding dean. 
TCMC was established in 2008 and welcomed its first class of 65 medical students and 13 Master of Biomedical Sciences (MBS) students in August 2009. 
In 2011, TCMC opened the 185,000 square foot Medical Sciences Building in Scranton that houses the academic and research programs.
TCMC is a nonprofit organization and to date, has recruited nearly 170 full-time faculty and staff and more than 800 volunteer clinical faculty throughout the 16-county region.
During the next 20 years, the medical school is expected to add 425 qualified, diverse practicing physicians to the region. In addition, it is expected to add $70 million to the local economy and create 1,000 new jobs that directly and indirectly support the school’s operations.
TCMC's first class was graduated in May, 2013. 
Financial problems.
In 2011, TCMC was put on probation by the American medical school accrediting body because of budget difficulties. 
In 2012, TCMC was removed from probation. 
In 2012, TCMC was awarded provisional accreditation status.
TCMC has been state funded and linked this way to political corruption. A $35 million state funding issue helped create TCMC. This funding was stewarded through the State legislature by former Sen. Robert Mellow (D-Peckville). Mellow retired in 2010 ahead of his indictment on federal corruption charges. He pled guilty in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="19922866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922866" title="Stross">
Stross

Stross is an uncommon British surname. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19922879" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922879" title="Carlos José Lugo">
Carlos José Lugo

Carlos Jose Lugo is a baseball analyst in the Dominican Republic. Carlos Jose has more than 17 years of broadcasting experience in radio, television and print media. He is the a field reporter for ESPN Deportes' telecasts of the Dominican Baseball League. Lugo launched his broadcasting career in 1987 as an MLB analyst on Radio Dial in San Pedro de Macoris, Dominican Republic. He is a familiar voice on radio, known for his work as a sports commentator and MLB analyst for FM-103, Radio Continental and Radio Clarin, and Rumba FM (98.5).
Broadcast.
On the Dominican baseball market, Carlos Jose started his TV career as a baseball analyst for the Estrellas Orientales telecast and has been doing the same duties for Tigres del Licey since 2006.
For the international markets, Carlos has been an analyst on Fox Sports En Espanol in the late 90's and has been the field reporter for ESPN Deportes telecast since 2005. His professionalism and impartial analysis has made him a fan favorite.
Printed Media and Internet.
Carlos Jose's writings have been seen in Los Ultimos Innings, a baseball blog with in depth analysis of MLB and Dominican Winter League Baseball. He is also a contributor for the sports pages of Listin Diario.

</doc>
<doc id="19922880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922880" title="And God Said to Cain">
And God Said to Cain

And God Said to Cain (, ) is a 1970 Italian Western film directed by Antonio Margheriti and starring Klaus Kinski.
Gary Hamilton (Kinski) is granted a free pardon from a prison work camp and heads out after the men who framed him. The film is set at a stormy night in town when Hamilton takes his revenge.
Releases.
Wild East released this on a limited edition R0 NTSC DVD alongside "Twice A Judas" in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19922884" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922884" title="Draško Bogdanović">
Draško Bogdanović

Drasko Bogdanovic (or Draško Bogdanović, (Serbian Cyrillic: Драшко Богдановић born 1977 in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Yugoslavia) is a Serbian-Canadian artist, portraitist and photographer of homoeroticism. He emigrated to Canada in 1996 where he took up digital photography. Bogdanović was a classically trained musician and self-taught painter before taking up photography. An early fascination with Hollywood magazines and black & white photography influenced Bogdanovic to juxtapose classical posture with natural light in his male nude photography. Today his landscape and architecture photography capture cities’ geometry, immutable personalities and intrinsic emotions; his photography has appeared in domestic newspapers and magazines and has been featured in local and national advertising campaigns.
"Introspectre", one of Bogdanović's most prominent works, was given the Award of Merit at The Ontario Society of Artist's Annual Exhibition in May 2008.
Drasko Bogdanović is a regular columnist at "fab", Toronto's gay scene magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="19922887" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922887" title="Tomas Löfgren">
Tomas Löfgren

Tomas Löfgren is a Swedish ski-orienteering competitor and world champion.
Ski orienteering.
He competed at the 2004 World Ski Orienteering Championships in Åsarna/Östersund, where he received a gold medal in the "middle distance", and a silver medal in the "long course" behind Eduard Khrennikov. He finished 6th in the "sprint", and 4th in the "relay event" with the Swedish team.
At the World Cup in Ski Orienteering in 2006 Löfgren finished overall second, behind winner Eduard Khrennikov.

</doc>
<doc id="19922894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922894" title="Robert Burgess (sociologist)">
Robert Burgess (sociologist)

Sir Robert George Burgess, AcSS (born 23 April 1947) is Vice-Chancellor of the University of Leicester. A sociologist by training, Burgess was appointed Vice-Chancellor in 1999, succeeding Ken Edwards. He was President of the British Sociological Association 1989-1991.
Burgess received his BA degree from the University of Durham in 1971 and his PhD degree from the University of Warwick in 1981. He remained at Warwick as a lecturer and became Professor of Sociology in 1987. He then rose through the ranks, serving as Senior Pro-Vice-Chancellor 1995–99. Burgess then moved to the University of Leicester as Vice-Chancellor, introducing sweeping changes that enhanced the university's reputation and saw it enter the top-20 institutions in many league tables.
Burgess is chair of the Universities and Colleges Admissions Service (UCAS), the Research Information Network, and the UUK/Guild HE Teacher Education Advisory Group. In 2007, Burgess chaired the steering group that produced the Burgess Report, calling for sweeping changes in university degree classification that would replace the established system of first- and second class degrees.
Burgess was knighted in the 2010 New Year Honours. He became an Academician of the Social Sciences in 2000. He received an Honorary DLitt degree from the University of Staffordshire in 1998 and a DUniv degree from the University of Northampton in 2007.
He married Hilary Margaret Mary Joyce in 1974 and lists his recreations as walking, music and "some gardening". Sir Bob and Lady Burgess live at Knighton Hall, the University of Leicester's traditional vice-chancellor's residence in Knighton, Leicester. Burgess's record in building both the university's academic reputation and its campus buildings have earned him the nickname Bob the Builder among his university colleagues.
In 2013, it was announced that Burgess will retire from the post of Vice-Chancellor in September 2014. His successor is to be announced in February 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="19922909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922909" title="WEC Le Mans">
WEC Le Mans

WEC Le Mans is a sim racing arcade game released in November 1986 by Konami. It was the first video game to depict the 24 Hours of Le Mans. The Lap of Le Mans is split up into three sections, during which the time of day changes from day to dusk, dusk to night, and night to dawn.
Gameplay.
The game attempted to realistically simulate car driving, with the car jumping up and down, turning back and forth, and spinning up to 180 degrees, with an emphasis on acceleration, braking, and gear shifting, along with the need for counter-steering to avoid spin-outs. It also featured accurately simulated courses approved by the Automobile Club de l'Ouest, and used force feedback to simulate road vibration in the form of a vibrating steering wheel that reacts to the driver's acceleration and off-road bumps.
The game is known as being very difficult to complete, the tracks width remains constant at 3 lanes of racing, and any slight contact with an opposing race car will result in either a spin, or a spectacular flip in the air. Going off the course and running wide at a corner will also end in a spin.
Cabinet.
Konami Released 3 different versions of the Video Arcade Game, an upright machine, a 'mini' spin which the driver sat in a sit down cockpit and the 'big' spin version, the deluxe Arcade Version that would actually spin the gamer around a 360° spinning base, Turning left or right depending on the corner. The front of the 'big' spin arcade machine looked like a real Prototype C Race car.
Home conversions.
The game had several ports by Imagine Software to Amstrad CPC, Commodore 64, MSX, and ZX Spectrum. A rumored port to the Amiga and Atari ST was mentioned, but never came to fruition.
The Spectrum version of the game earned critical acclaim and commercial success.
Today, the game can be played via MAME.

</doc>
<doc id="19922929" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922929" title="ImaginOn">
ImaginOn

ImaginOn: The Joe and Joan Martin Center is a collaborative venture of the Public Library of Charlotte and Mecklenburg County (officially known as the Charlotte Mecklenburg Library) and the Children's Theater of Charlotte located in Charlotte, North Carolina. This landmark learning center opened on October 8, 2005. ImaginOn was designed by Gantt Huberman Architects and Holzman Moss Bottino Architecture, and is owned by the Charlotte Mecklenburg Library.
ImaginOn hosts the Spangler Children's Library; the Teen Loft, a library for the teens of Mecklenburg County; Time Warner Tech Central; the Story Lab, a collection of interactive multimedia workstations exploring the arts of narrative; Studio I, an audio/video recording and animation studio; the Hugh McColl Family Theater (seating capacity 570); and the Wells Fargo Playhouse (seating capacity 250), as well as administrative offices for the Children's Theatre of Charlotte and library staff.
ImaginOn is notable as the first LEED-certified public facility in Mecklenburg County. ImaginOn is certified as a 'green' building at the silver level by the U.S. Green Building Council.
Tech Central, the Loft, and Studio I.
The Loft is a space on the third floor of ImaginOn dedicated to teens. Also on the third floor is Studio I, an animation and sound studio that teens can use to produce stop-motion and computer-generated animations as well as accompanying sound tracks. The national winners of the 2007 and the 2008 Young Adult Public Service Announcement contests sponsored by the Collaborative Summer Reading Program were produced by teens using Studio I. The Loft also contains collaborative spaces for teens to work together on projects and a library with the latest in DVDs, books, graphic novels, and CDs of interest to teens.
Tech Central is a computer lab for teens with over thirty computers and a wide variety of activities for visitors under 19 years, and adults accompanied by a child.
Spangler Children's Library.
The Spangler Children's Library is located on the first floor of ImaginOn and contains a large collection of books and materials appealing to children from birth through fifth grade. The Spangler Library also hosts collections of special interest to teachers, parents, and caregivers.
McColl Family Theater.
The McColl Family Theater is a proscenium theater with trapped stage and single purchase fly system. There are 420 seats in the orchestra and an additional 150 seats on the balcony level. 
The Children's Theater of Charlotte uses the McColl Family Theater to stage a full season of plays appealing to children of all ages. "The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe" opened the 2005 season.
Wells Fargo Playhouse.
The Wells Fargo Playhouse is designed as a theater with a modified thrust configuration and a reconfigurable proscenium. Its 250 seats are regularly filled for performances by the Children's Theatre's touring company, the Tarradiddle Players, as well as film series and other programs sponsored by either the Library or the Children's Theatre of Charlotte.

</doc>
<doc id="19922931" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922931" title="1981 BMW Open – Singles">
1981 BMW Open – Singles

Rolf Gehring was the defending champion, but lost in the semifinals this year.
Chris Lewis won the title, defeating Christophe Roger-Vasselin 4–6, 6–2, 2–6, 6–1, 6–1 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19922945" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922945" title="Presentación Urán González">
Presentación Urán González

Presentación Urán González (29 May 1956, Madrid) is a Spanish politician and former member of the Spanish Parliament.
Married, with two children, she worked as an administrator before being elected in 1993 as a United Left (IU) deputy for Valencia region and was re-elected again in 1996 and 2000. At the 2004 election, she stood down, although her name appeared on the IU list in fifteenth place in a district where the party had never won more than two seats. In Congress she was fourth secretary and also served on the New Technologies commission in Congress.

</doc>
<doc id="19922965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922965" title="Confederation of Free Trade Unions">
Confederation of Free Trade Unions

The Confederation of Free Trade Unions (CMTU) is a national trade union center in Mongolia. It was the first alternative trade union centre in Mongolia, founded after the monopoly of the Confederation of Mongolian Trade Unions was broken in the late 1990s. The CFTU and other independent trade union have, however, not been able to challenge the dominance of CMTU in the Mongolian labour market.

</doc>
<doc id="19922968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922968" title="Nathaniel Bowman">
Nathaniel Bowman

Nathaniel Bowman (1608–1682) was the first Bowman immigrant to be among the earliest settlers of the Massachusetts Bay colony. He had the rank of gentlemen in the public records, indicating that he came from some distinguished English stock. On October 19, 1630, he applied to the general court, but his name doesn’t appear on the list of applicants granted the oath of Freeman. He was one of the original proprietors of Watertown, Massachusetts. Around 1650, he removed to the Parish of Cambridge Farms (Lexington) where many of his descendants have lived.

</doc>
<doc id="19922981" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922981" title="The Lionheart School">
The Lionheart School

The Lionheart School is a 501(c)3 non-profit independent school for children ages 6 through 21 with autism or other disorders of relating and communicating. The school was established in 2000 and is located in Alpharetta, Georgia. Lionheart was awarded SACS/SAIS (Southern Association of Colleges and Schools/ Southern Association of Independent Schools) Accreditation in 2008. Lionheart is a member of GISA (Georgia Independent Schools Association). Lionheart currently serves 30 students, and is embarking on a capital campaign in order to move to a larger space and enroll more students. The school was featured in an article in the Atlanta Journal-Constitution on August 17, 2008.
Mission statement.
The school describes its mission as to provide a developmentally appropriate program for children on the autism spectrum or with other disorders of relating and communicating who need a specialized learning environment, therapeutic interventions, relationship building skills, and the educational tools necessary to achieve their greatest potential.
Approach.
The School's approach is described on its website as follows:
"The Lionheart program is founded on the Developmental Individual Difference Relationship-based (DIR) model of Stanley Greenspan, M.D. and Serena Wieder, Ph.D., founders of the Interdisciplinary Council on Developmental and Learning Disorders (ICDL).
Sensory Integration theory, as developed by Jane Ayers, is embedded throughout the school day. Strategies and methods from Lindamood-Bell and Wilson, as well as other innovative and creative learning approaches, are incorporated as needed for each individual child.
The school's main objective is to extend a child's learning environment - from school to home to other settings where nurturing adults maintain a vested interest. A child who has meaningful and important relationships throughout life will naturally initiate academic skills. Hence, a stimulating and loving environment will motivate and allow children to develop interactions, ultimately leading to abstract, logical and creative thinking.
The school emphasizes the importance of addressing the sensory underpinnings of a child’s developmental difficulties. Lionheart specialists examine each child's "pyramid of development", and work on gaps that may exist, to enable each child to consolidate for learning the foundation to move forward. Lionheart believes that affect is a strong motivating factor for a child’s desire to interact, communicate, think and learn – affect connects an individual’s ideas or intents to actions. At more advanced developmental and cognitive levels, affect generates specific interest, passions and competencies and becomes the driving force that leads to successful learning.
Lionheart also features group activities and a recreation program, which includes such outings as swimming, horseback riding and hiking. On these excursions, the students learn to develop friendships, trust, social skills and self-esteem. These outings also set a different stage to practice intentional social communicative skills and work on sensory integration issues."

</doc>
<doc id="19922984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19922984" title="The Mavericks (1991 album)">
The Mavericks (1991 album)

The Mavericks is the 1990 self-titled debut album of the American country music band The Mavericks. It was released on the Miami, Florida-based Cross Three label. Written entirely by lead singer Raul Malo, it is also their only album to feature guitarist Ben Peeler. "This Broken Heart", the only official single from this album, failed to chart. "I Don't Care If You Love Me Anymore" was later released on the soundtrack to the 1996 film "Michael", and was a low-charting country single that year. "Mr. Jones", "The End of the Line (Jim Baker)", "This Broken Heart" and "A Better Way" were later re-recorded on the band's 1992 major-label debut "From Hell to Paradise".
Track listing.
All songs written by Raul Malo.

</doc>
<doc id="19923015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923015" title="Andy Otten">
Andy Otten

Andy Otten (born 15 May 1989) is an Australian rules football player for the Adelaide Football Club. The tall midfielder was Adelaide’s second selection in the 2007 National Draft, taken at pick 27, and recorded strong results at the 2007 NAB AFL Draft Camp ranking in the top 2% for the vertical leap (92 cm), top ten for agility and the top 20% for the beep test (14.2). He is also the brother of Sydney Swans player Max Otten.
Otten made his debut in round 12 against eventual premiers Hawthorn, and played one more game for the 2008 season. The next season he exploded onto the AFL scene, playing a consistent running role across half back and being likened to former defender Nathan Bassett, although he is expected to move back into the midfield in later years. Otten won a NAB AFL Rising Star nomination in round 9 for his performance against Carlton, in which he collected 23 possessions and kicked a brilliant running goal from beyond 50. On 2 September 2009 Otten was named the runner-up NAB AFL Rising Star. He finished second to Daniel Rich who scored the maximum of 45 points. Otten scored 30 points. Later the same month Otten scored three votes in the 2009 Brownlow Medal count.
In his 2010 preseason training, Otten ruptured his anterior cruciate ligament. He missed the entire 2010 season as a result. 
He attended Whitefriars College in Donvale graduating in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19923018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923018" title="Old Flagler County Courthouse">
Old Flagler County Courthouse

The Old Flagler County Courthouse is an historic two-story redbrick courthouse building located at 200 East Moody Boulevard in Bunnell, Florida. Designed by Wilbur Talley in the Classical Revival style, it was built in 1924 by O. P. Woodcock to serve Flagler County which had been created in 1917. It was the county's second courthouse building and its first purpose built one. In 1985 a three-story addition was attached to its rear. In January 2007 the 1924 building was closed due to safety problems with its roof. By January 2008, the 1985 addition had also been vacated due to structural problems. Courthouse operations are now housed at the Kim C. Hammond Justice Center 1769 East Moody Boulevard.
In 1989, the Old Flagler County Courthouse was listed in "A Guide to Florida's Historic Architecture", published by the University of Florida Press.

</doc>
<doc id="19923023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923023" title="Dave Reeves">
Dave Reeves

David Edward "Dave" Reeves(born 20 November 1967) is an English former professional footballer who played as a forward from 1986 to 2009.
He notably played in the Football League for Chesterfield, Bolton Wanderers and Carlisle United. He briefly held the assistant manager's position at Gainsborough Trinity prior to retiring from playing.
Playing career.
Reeves was drafted into the first team squad at Sheffield Wednesday in 1986 aged 19. He played just under 20 first team games for The Owls while at the club between 1986 and 1989 and while at Hillsborough he spent time on loan with Scunthorpe United.
He transferred to non-league side Heswell, where he stayed for one season, while there he re-joined Scunthorpe on loan and also spent time at Turf Moor with Burnley before joining Bolton Wanderers in 1989 for £80,000. Reeves stayed at Burnden Park until 1993 when he moved briefly to Notts County before a move to Carlisle United. Reeves went on to play for Preston North End, Chesterfield, Oldham Athletic and Scarborough before ending his career playing for Gainsborough Trinity.
Coaching career.
Upon retiring from the game Reeves took up a position on the coaching staff at former club Gainsborough Trinity. He has since took up the position of Assistant Manager. Reeves remained the clubs Assistant Manager until late August 2009. Following the dismissal of manager Steve Charles, Reeves and coach Steve Blatherwick were given temporary charge of first team affairs in a caretaker role. But after 1 game in charge, Reeves along with Blatherwick departed the club.
Personal life.
His twin brother Alan was also a professional footballer, most notably with Rochdale, Wimbledon and Swindon Town.

</doc>
<doc id="19923034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923034" title="Kathleen Wilber">
Kathleen Wilber

Kathleen Wilber Ph.D., is a professor of gerontology and policy planning and development at the University of Southern California. At the USC Leonard Davis School of Gerontology, she holds the title of Mary Pickford Foundation Professor of Gerontology. Wilber also holds an appointment in Health Services Administration in the School of Planning, Policy, and Development. She has dedicated her career to improving the quality of life of people with chronic physical and mental health conditions, by improving the formal health and long term care delivery system. The collaborative relationships among health care providers, cost effectiveness and health outcomes of different service delivery structures are more specific examples of her research.

</doc>
<doc id="19923045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923045" title="Panelház">
Panelház

Panelház (short form: "panel") is the Hungarian name of a type of block of flats (panel buildings) in the former socialist countries of Eastern Europe. Transylvanian Magyars call these buildings "tömbház" ("block house"). It was the main housing type built in the Socialist era. From 1959 to 1990 788,000 panel flats were built in Hungary. About 2 million people, about one fifth of the country's total population, live in these flats. In the Czech Republic one third of people live in these kind of houses.
Name of these panel houses in other languages: Czech: panelák, German: Plattenbau, Russian: Khrushchyovka, Mongolian: Ugsarmal bair
Hungarian and local municipalities started a renovation program during the 2000s. In the program they have insulated these buildings, replaced the old doors and windows with multi-layer thermo glass, renewed the heating system and colored the buildings in a more pleasant way.

</doc>
<doc id="19923047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923047" title="Magdalena Cielecka">
Magdalena Cielecka

Magdalena Cielecka (born 20 February 1972 in Myszków) is a Polish film and theatre actress. Cielecka spent her childhood in the small town of Żarki-Letnisko. In 1995, she graduated from Państwowa Wyższa Szkoła Teatralna in Kraków. Soon after, she joined the Teatr Stary Theatre Company in Kraków, where she stayed until 2001, when she moved to Warsaw and joined the Teatr Rozmaitości Theatre Company.
Although she made her first cinema appearance quite early in a film by Barbara Sass called "Pokuszenie" (1995), she initially was known mainly for her work in theatre. A few years later she became widely recognized as an actress and she gained popularity with her cinematic roles such as "Samotność w sieci" or the TV series "Magda M."
Her notable roles include:
At the 2008 Edinburgh International Festival she played the leading role in a critically acclaimed adaptation of Kane's "4.48 Psychosis" by the Polish theatre company Teatr Rozmaitości.

</doc>
<doc id="19923051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923051" title="Björn Lans">
Björn Lans

Björn Lans is a Swedish ski-orienteering competitor and world champion.
Ski orienteering.
He competed at the 1996 World Ski Orienteering Championships in Lillehammer, where he received a gold medal in the "short distance", and also a gold medal in the "relay event", together with Per-Ove Bergqvist, Mikael Lindmark and Bertil Nordqvist. 
At the World Cup in Ski Orienteering in 1999 Lans finished overall second, behind winner Eduard Khrennikov.

</doc>
<doc id="19923055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923055" title="Per Ragnar">
Per Ragnar

Per Ragnar, "Per-Erik Ragnar" (born 29 May 1941 in Kalmar), is a Swedish actor, director and author.
Biography.
Per Ragnar trained at Dramatens elevskola (The Royal Dramatic Theatre's acting school) in 1962-65. The following year he got a job as director's assistant to Ingmar Bergman (on his stage production of Peter Weiss' play "The Investigation"), where Ragnar states he learned a lot on the art of acting and directing from "the master", just by watching and listening when Bergman worked with his actors and the script. In 1968 Per Ragnar had his breakthrough as an actor, earning much critical acclaim and audience praise for his performances in the Arnold Wesker "trilogy" staged that year in Sweden: "Hönssoppa med korngryn (Chicken Soup with Barley)", "Rötter (Roots)" and "Jag talar om Jerusalem (I'm talking about Jerusalem)". The same year he also made his film-breakthrough with "Korridoren (The Corridor)", Jan Haldoff's social commenting film on hospitals and the health care system in Sweden, where Ragnar plays a young doctor, new on the job, facing the dilemmas of prioritizing patients.
In the 1970s his collaborating with TV director Bengt Lagerkvist led to notable performances on TV, first as Arvid Falk in Lagerkvist's TV adaption of Strindberg's "The Red Room)" ("Röda rummet"), and in the popular Swedish TV-series "Någonstans i Sverige (~Somewhere In Sweden)", a series covering the years in Sweden during the time of World War II in Europe, where Ragnar played the character of fänrik Ancker.
For a young audience today, in Sweden, he became unforgettable when playing the religious psycho Sten Frisk in the popular and long running 1990s TV series "Tre Kronor" (1994) on Swedish channel TV4, a role that followed him for long and for more than a decade led to him often being typecast as evil characters and crazy psychos in various roles on film and TV. Even though being cast in a Swedish vampire film, his character of Håkan was this time a bit more complex then just "evil"; in director Tomas Alfredson's popular success feature "Låt den rätte komma in (Let the Right One In)" in 2008. Previously he had worked with Tomas Alfredson and his "Killinggänget" group in their film "En liten film.. (A Little Film..)" in 1999, where he had a small key part as an absent minded boss.
Being versatile in the entertainment field, Per Ragnar has also worked as a TV presenter and host for the Swedish morning show "Gomorron Sverige!" (Good Morning Sweden!). He has also written a number of books, including a book on Hitler and his closed community of friends and party members, and one on Martin Luther's Christian philosophy. His most recent book is called "Om bland tusen stjärnor: en tankebok om döden (~Among Thousand Stars: A Book On Death)", which deals with how differently all of us deals with - and approaches - the subect of death; children and adults, different religions; scientifically, spiritually and logically.
Per Ragnar is also an appreciated lecturer and gives many lectures and public readings around Sweden, in various assembly halls; both on acting and around the subjects from his books and research. He is a longtime vegetarian and an outspoken pacifist, inspired by Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi's non-violence philosophy. He is also attracted to the ideas and concept of Martinus cosmology.
In 2009 he will play the character of Emperor Zing, Master of The Universe, in the Swedish children's sci-fi film feature "Kenny Begins", a film adaption of the popular Swedish children's TV-series "Kenny Starfighter"; about the space super hero Kenny Starfighter.
Per Ragnar is married, and has one daughter (born 2001).

</doc>
<doc id="19923088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923088" title="From Hell to Paradise">
From Hell to Paradise

From Hell to Paradise is the second album by the American country music band The Mavericks. It was released in 1992 on MCA Nashville Records. The album comprises ten songs, including four from their 1991 self-titled debut: "Mr. Jones", "The End of the Line (Jim Baker)", "This Broken Heart", and "A Better Way". Two cover songs are also featured on this compilation: "Excuse Me (I Think I've Got a Heartache)" and "Hey Good Lookin'", which were previously recorded by Buck Owens and Hank Williams, respectively. The latter cover was one of two singles released from this album, and it peaked at #74 on the "Billboard" country charts in 1992. The other, "I Got You" b/w "A Better Way" failed to chart.
Track listing.
All songs written by Raul Malo except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="19923089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923089" title="Nan Wood Graham">
Nan Wood Graham

Nan Wood Graham (July 26, 1899 – December 14, 1990) was the sister of painter Grant Wood. She is best known as the model for the woman in her brother's most famous painting, "American Gothic". She married Edward Graham, a real estate investor; and spent the rest of her life as a historian for her brother's work. She died at a nursing home at the age of 91.

</doc>
<doc id="19923106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923106" title="Surface movement radar">
Surface movement radar

Surface Movement Radar (SMR) is used to detect aircraft and vehicles on the surface of an airport. It is used by air traffic controllers to supplement visual observations. It may also be used at night time and during low visibility to monitor the movement of aircraft and vehicles. Surface movement radar is the term accepted by ICAO, but it has historically been known by other names such a ground movement radar, airport surface detection equipment (ASDE) and airfield surface movement indicator.
SMR is typically presented as a video blip, overlaid onto a plan view map of the airport showing features such as the runways and taxiways, grass areas and buildings. The SMR may be augmented by callsigns to identify each target, and provide warnings in the event of potential conflicts between aircraft on the runway (see AMASS). SMR also forms a key element of A-SMGCS.
SMR is required to provide high accuracy (typically 7.5 m), high update rate (1 per second), high resolution (less than 20 m) detection of airfield targets. To achieve this, SMR uses very short transmitter's pulse length of typically 40 nanoseconds. It use a carrier-frequency in X-Band (9 GHz) or Ku-band (15 to 17 GHz), and antennas with a very narrow beam (about 0.25 degrees in azimut).

</doc>
<doc id="19923114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923114" title="David Prychitko">
David Prychitko

David L. Prychitko (born June 22, 1962) is an American economist of the Austrian School.
Early life and education.
Prychitko was born in Evergreen Park, Illinois to Harry and Joanne Prychitko. He is of Ukrainian and Italian descent. He was raised in Worth, Illinois, and is a 1980 graduate of Alan Shepard High School in Palos Heights, Illinois. He remained in Worth until he moved to Michigan to attend Northern Michigan University in Marquette, a small city in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. After completing his B.S. in Economics (1984), Prychitko attended George Mason University in Fairfax, Virginia, where he earned an M.A. (1987) and a Ph.D. (1989) in economics. At George Mason he was a student of Kenneth Boulding, James Buchanan, Don Lavoie, and Thelma Lavine. Lavoie chaired Prychitko's dissertation committee. Michael Alexeev, Jack High, and Karen I. Vaughn served as the economists on the committee, and Tom Burns, a sociologist, served as the "outside the discipline" committee member.
Before completing his Ph.D., Prychitko was also a Junior Fellow in the Program on Participation and Labor-Managed systems in the Department of Economics at Cornell University in Ithaca, New York (1988). He finished writing his dissertation research there, with some influence under the program's director, Jaroslav Vanek.
Professional history.
After receiving his doctorate, Prychitko conducted post-doctoral research on a Fulbright Grant in the Philosophical Faculty at the University of Zagreb, in Zagreb, Croatia (1989). While there he had also participated in several courses at the Inter-University Centre of Postgraduate Studies in Dubrovnik, Croatia, including Political Theory and Political Education—Anarchism: Community and Utopia. That course was celebrated as the first gathering in Yugoslavia of scholars of anarchism in forty or more years. During his stay at the Inter-University Centre, Prychitko also critically discussed the theory and practice of workers' self-managed socialism with several members of the Yugoslav Praxis School, including Zagorka Golubovic, Mihailo Markovic, Veljko Rus, Laslo Sekelj, Svetozar Stojanovic, and Rudi Supek.
After his return from Yugoslavia, Prychitko served as a faculty member in the Department of Economics at the State University of New York at Oswego, in Oswego, New York (1989–1997). During that time, he participated as a Summer Fellow in the Faculty Seminar on Economy, Values, and Culture, at the Institute for the Study of Economic Culture, Boston University in Boston, Massachusetts (1992), a program directed by the noted sociologist, Peter Berger.
Prychitko was also a Faculty Affiliate in the Program in Philosophy, Politics, and Economics of the James M. Buchanan Center for Political Economy, George Mason University (2001–2004). Additionally, he held the Cecil and Ida Green Chair in Economics at Texas Christian University in Fort Worth, Texas (2003–2004). Prychitko has been a faculty member in the Department of Economics at Northern Michigan University since 1997.
Non-professionally, Prychitko was a college-radio blues disc jockey for several years, a volunteer position he held at radio stations WNYO in Oswego, New York and WUPX in Marquette, Michigan. He is now a member of WUPX's Board of Control. He has since become a devotee of old-time fiddle music, and is one of a handful of Appalachian-style fiddlers in Michigan's Upper Peninsula.
He lives in Marquette, Michigan with his wife Julie and their four children Sonja, Emily, Anthony, and Anna.

</doc>
<doc id="19923122" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923122" title="Maja e Ershellit">
Maja e Ershellit

Maja e Ershellit is a mountain in Albania. The mountain, rising 2,065 m high, is located in the Prokletije. It is situated north of the lake of Koman.

</doc>
<doc id="19923176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923176" title="Ustyanovo">
Ustyanovo

Ustyanovo may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19923180" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923180" title="Michelle Galdenzi">
Michelle Galdenzi

Michelle Galdenzi (born January 2, 1987) is an American model and reality television actress.
Early life.
Galdenzi is from Spring, Texas and graduated from Klein High School in 2005. While in high school, she was also involved in various theater productions including "Beauty and the Beast", "Noise Off", and "The Musical Comedy Murders of 1940".
Galdenzi attended St. Edward's University in Austin, Texas for two years prior to attending a two year conservatory for dramatic arts (SFT) in New York City. She was crowned the winner of Miss Junior Teen Texas (South) in 2001.
Career.
Galdenzi was one of ten actresses on the VH1 series "Scream Queens" where she was Runner-Up in the competition. The first episode aired on Monday, October 20, 2008.
Galdenzi appears in an advertisement in the magazine MAQ: Men's Athletic Quarterly in May 2008. She modeled for Dana-Maxx Pomerantz Spring/Summer line 2009. Galdenzi was in the Summer 2010 campaign for Koral Swimwear. She has modeled for Roar Clothing in 2009 and was featured in billboards in Los Vegas and Los Angeles. Galdenzi has modeled in Aruba for Wema Home and Hardware She was also the featured cover story in Rush Magazine volume 14.
She was featured as a Young Democrat in TruthThroughAction.org's debut political short film, "Blue Balled," released June 2008. She has also appeared as an extra in "Entourage" and a small role in the movie "Date Night", she is set to appear in the upcoming movie "Thorns from a Rose" as Sam.

</doc>
<doc id="19923182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923182" title="Bertil Nordqvist">
Bertil Nordqvist

Bertil Nordqvist is a Swedish ski-orienteering competitor and world champion.
Ski orienteering.
He competed at the 1996 World Ski Orienteering Championships in Lillehammer, where he received a gold medal in the "relay event", together with Per-Ove Bergqvist, Mikael Lindmark and Björn Lans. He has received one individual silver medal and two bronze medals in the world championships.
At the World Cup in Ski Orienteering in 2003 Nordqvist finished overall second, behind winner Eduard Khrennikov. He finished overall third in 1997 and in 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19923207" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923207" title="List of ski areas and resorts in Africa">
List of ski areas and resorts in Africa

This is a list of ski areas and resorts in Africa.
Despite the general sense that Africa is too warm for snow, there are several ski areas that exist across the continent. 

</doc>
<doc id="19923212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923212" title="Mara Mather">
Mara Mather

Mara Mather, Ph.D. is a professor of gerontology and psychology at the USC Davis School of Gerontology. Her research deals with aging and affective neuroscience, focusing on how emotion and stress affect memory and decisions.
Career.
Mather is best known for her contributions to research on emotion and memory. Her work with Laura Carstensen and Susan Charles revealed a positivity effect in older adults’ attention and memory, in which older adults favor positive information more and negative information less in their attention and memory than younger adults do. Perhaps the most intuitive explanation for this effect is that it is related to some sort of age-related decline in neural processes that detect and encode negative information. However, her research indicates that this is not the case; her findings suggest that older adults’ positivity effect is the result of strategic processes that help maintain well-being. 
She has also been investigating how emotional arousal shapes memory. Mather and her graduate student Matthew Sutherland outlined a new arousal-biased competition (ABC) theory that they argue can account for a disparate array of emotional memory effects, including some effects that initially appear contradictory (e.g., emotion-induced retrograde amnesia vs. emotion-induced retrograde enhancement). ABC theory posits that arousal leads to both “winner-take-more” and “loser-take-less” effects in memory by biasing competition to enhance high priority information and suppress low priority information. Priority is determined by both bottom-up salience and top-down goal relevance. Previous theories fail to account for the broad array of selective emotional memory effects in the literature, and so the ABC theory fills a key theoretical hole in the field of emotional memory. 
Mather's research projects have included work on how older adults interpret positive stimuli as well as how stress influences older adults' decision making processes and the differences between men and women's decision-making processes under stress.
Honors.
National Institute on Aging K02 Career Development Award
Distinguished Scientific Award for Early Career Contribution to Psychology from the American Psychological Association
Richard Kalish Innovative Publication Award from the Gerontological Society of America
Excellence in Teaching Award from the UC Santa Cruz Committee on Teaching
Springer Early Career Achievement Award in Research on Adult Development and Aging
Margret Baltes Dissertation Award in the Psychology of Aging from APA Division 20
American Psychological Association Dissertation Research Award
National Science Foundation Graduate Fellowship
Selected Publications.
Mather, M. (2007). Emotional arousal and memory binding: An object-based framework. "Perspectives on Psychological Science, 2", 33-52.
Mather, M., Gorlick, M. A., & Lighthall, N. R. (2009). To brake or accelerate when the light turns yellow? Stress reduces older adults' risk taking in a driving game. "Psychological Science, 20", 174-176.
Mather, M., & Sutherland, M. R. (2011). Arousal-biased competition in perception and memory. "Perspectives on Psychological Science, 6", 114-133.
Nashiro, K., Sakaki, M., & Mather, M. (2011). Age differences in brain activity during emotion processing: Reflections of age-related decline or increased emotion regulation? "Gerontology".
Sakaki, M., Niki, K., & Mather, M. (2011). Updating existing emotional memories involves the frontopolar/orbitofrontal cortex in ways that acquiring new emotional memories does not. "Journal of Cognitive Neuroscience, 23", 3498-3514.
Mather, M, & Lighthall, N. R. (in press). Both risk and reward are processed differently in decisions made under stress. "Current Directions in Psychological Science".

</doc>
<doc id="19923224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923224" title="Handedness of Presidents of the United States">
Handedness of Presidents of the United States

The handedness of presidents of the United States is difficult to establish with any certainty before recent decades. During the 18th and 19th centuries left-handedness was considered a disability and teachers would make efforts to suppress it in their students.
For this reason there are few concrete references to determine the handedness of presidents prior to the early 20th century. The first president to be described as left-handed was Herbert Hoover, though this has been disputed.
Before this point, there is no evidence of any left-handed president, though it was said about President James Garfield that he could simultaneously write Latin with his right hand and Greek with his left. Gerald Ford was also ambidextrous. He described himself as "left-handed sitting down and right-handed standing up". Ronald Reagan is rumored to have been left-hand dominant, but forced by his schoolteachers and parents to switch. Documentation of this is unreliable. If true, it would place Reagan in the category of ambidextrous presidents. Historical photographs of Reagan signing treaties, pacts or pieces of legislation show him signing with his right hand. However, Ronald Reagan did wear and display his weapon on his left hip and left hand, when he played a cowboy during his acting career. Being forced by his schoolteachers and parents to switch handedness was also the case with Harry Truman, according to the biographer David McCullough.
As of 2012, three out of the last seven presidents have been left-handed. Counting as far back as Truman, the number is five (or six) out of twelve. In the 1992 election, all three major candidates – George H. W. Bush, Bill Clinton and Ross Perot – were left-handed. The 1996 election also involved three left-handed candidates: Clinton, Perot, and Bob Dole, who learned to use his left hand after his right hand was paralyzed by a World War II injury. Both major-party candidates in the 2008 presidential election – Barack Obama and John McCain – were left-handed. The percentage of the population who are left-handed is about 10%. While some write this trend off as a coincidence, others have tried to come up with scientific explanations. According to Daniel Geschwind, a professor of human genetics at UCLA, in 2008: "Six out of the past 12 presidents is statistically significant and probably means something".
Amar Klar, a scientist who has worked on handedness, says that left-handed people "have a wider scope of thinking", and points to the disproportionately high number of Nobel Prize winners, writers, and painters who are left-handed. Michael Peters, a neuropsychologist at the University of Guelph, points out that left-handed people have to get by in a world adapted to right-handers, something which can give them extra mental resilience. The pattern, however, is not replicated in other countries; only two British post-war prime ministers have been left-handed (David Cameron and James Callaghan). Winston Churchill has often been credited with being a left-hander, although he was not. 

</doc>
<doc id="19923226" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923226" title="Van Vleck House and Barn">
Van Vleck House and Barn

The Van Vleck House was built in Jackson, Wyoming in 1910-1011. The log house and barn are the only remaining residential structures in the vicinity of the Town Square.
The Van Vleck House was built by Roy Van Vleck, operator of the first "mercantile", or general store, in Jackson. Roy and his new wife, Genevieve Lawton Van Vleck lived in the cabin from 1911 to 1960. The Van Vleck house was notable at the time for possessing its own well, which served much of the surrounding population. In 1920 Genevieve became one of the members of the first all-female town council in the United States, serving until 1923. Roy Van Vleck was the local land commissioner and served on the hospital and school boards. Van Vleck was also a leader of the opposition to the creation and expansion of Grand Teton National Park in the 1930s.
The house is a one story log cabin. The approximately by L-shaped house was moved after a 1988 fire and set on a new foundation. It retains its orientation and context. The interior did not survive the fire and has been reconstructed. The barn, which is a few years newer than the house, stands nearby. The barn includes a central brick chimney and is presently used for storage. The barn was the location for the final fight scene featuring Clint Eastwood in the 1980 movie "Every Which Way But Loose".
From 1980 the house became a restaurant. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995, and is the only authentic historical structure in the central area of Jackson.
Barn removal.
In August 2009 work began to dismantle the barn for removal and reconstruction at a new site south of Jackson. The removal of the barn was approved by the town of Jackson, but the town requested that demolition be stopped to allow a review when it was revealed that the town's list of historic properties did not include the barn, despite its inclusion on the National Register. The owners of the site did not have immediate plans for the property and stated that they wished to "clean up the block."

</doc>
<doc id="19923236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923236" title="Poliana Okimoto">
Poliana Okimoto

Poliana Okimoto (born March 8, 1983 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian long-distance swimmer and Olympian.
She was at the 2002 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m) in Moscow, where she finished 18th in the 800-metre freestyle.
She won the Travessia dos Fortes on 2005.
Okimoto competed in the 2007 Pan American Games in Rio de Janeiro, in the first appearance of the marathon swimming, where she received the silver medal in the Women's 10K, the first Brazilian medal at this edition.
She competed at the 2008 Olympics, where she finished 7th in the Women's 10K race.
She also swam at the 2008 Open Water World Championships in Seville, Spain.
In 2009, Okimoto won the marathon swimming World Cup, winning 9 of 11 stages held, becoming the first Brazilian champion of the sport.
At the 2009 World Aquatics Championships in Rome, obtained the bronze medal. With that, she broke a 15 years-fast for Brazil in the World Championships, and became the first Brazilian woman to win a medal in the competition's history.
She was considered by the Época magazine, one of the 100 most influential Brazilians in 2009.
She was at the 2010 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships in Irvine, where she finished 20th in the 400-metre freestyle.
In 2010, she broke the short-course Brazilian records of the 800-metre freestyle (8:27.77) and 1500-metre freestyle (16:09.04).
At the 2011 Pan American Games in Guadalajara, Okimoto repeated the 2007 result, and again won the silver.
In the 2012 Olympics in London Okimoto was unable to complete the race due to the water temperature, being disqualified.
At the 2013 World Aquatics Championships, in Barcelona, Poliana had a historical participation. She won the silver medal in the Women's 5K race, and, some days later, became the World Champion in the 10K race. Finishing, in the team event, she won the bronze medal with the Brazilian team, along with Samuel de Bona and Allan do Carmo.

</doc>
<doc id="19923238" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923238" title="Max Ehrich">
Max Ehrich

Max Ehrich (born June 24, 1991) is an American actor, singer, and dancer. 
Personal Life.
Ehrich is a native of Marlboro Township, New Jersey.
Career.
He made his film debut starring in "One Easy Job" (2004), then had a supporting role as principal dancer in "". Breaking into television, Ehrich was a recurring guest star in Ugly Betty's Season 3, playing the role of Randy. He then starred in the 2009 Lifetime Original Movie "The Pregnancy Pact" as Jesse Moretti, performing alongside Thora Birch, Camryn Manheim, and Nancy Travis. He filmed two pilots for CBS in 2010, and has since shot another pilot as a recurring guest star for the new Country Music Television sitcom, "Working Class", starring Melissa Peterman. Among many current TV projects, he recently played the role of Adam in "iStart A Fan War", a TV movie for the Nickelodeon show, iCarly.
In 2012, Ehrich join the American CBS Daytime soap opera "The Young and the Restless" as Fenmore Baldwin. 
In 2013, Ehrich received a Daytime Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Younger Actor in a Drama Series for his portrayal of Fenmore. On the day the actor was informed of his nomination, Ehrich stated: "I’ve been in daydream all day. I feel like I was hit by an electrical current." He admitted that it was a "pretty easy choice" choosing which scene to submit for consideration; Ehrich chose a scene where Fenmore tells Jamie that Summer is the one cyberbullying him. He stated that he chose that episode "because that day, I felt this outer body experience. I was not in control at all". Of his nomination, Ehrich stated: "It’s an honor, and it’s something I hope will hit me really soon, because it doesn’t feel real at all!"
Choreography.
Film.
2008: High School Musical 3: Senior Year - Principal Dancer
Commercial.
2008: Sara Lee - 
Music Video.
2008: Vanessa Hudgens - Identified - Sneakernight

</doc>
<doc id="19923266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923266" title="Saving Milly">
Saving Milly

Saving Milly is a 2005 American drama television film stars Madeleine Stowe and Bruce Greenwood, which first aired on CBS on March 13, 2005. It is an adaptation of Morton Kondracke's nonfiction book of the same name.
Plot.
Madeleine Stowe and Bruce Greenwood star in this drama based on the best-selling book and real-life journey of political journalist Mort Kondracke. The movie recounts his inspiring love story with his activist wife, Milly, and the dramatic change in their lives in the years after she is diagnosed with Parkinson's disease.
As a young journalist in Chicago in the '60s, Mort Kondracke envisioned marrying a Vassar graduate whose status would facilitate his goal of becoming a top Washington journalist. His calculated plans go awry when he meets and marries Milly Martinez, a brash part-Mexican, part-Catholic, part-Jewish liberal activist who captures his heart. In Washington, D.C., the loving, strong-willed partners build a passionate and volatile marriage while debating everything from politics to how to raise their two daughters as well as her insatiable, all-consuming desire to save the world by championing a never-ending list of causes—all overshadowed by Mort's struggle with alcoholism.
In 1987, their lives take a dramatic turn when Milly notices a change in her handwriting and a numbness in her fingers. After a series of tests, her worst fears are confirmed and, at the age of 47, Milly is diagnosed with Parkinson's disease.
Holding to his promise of "in sickness and in health," Mort changes his focus from being a die-hard careerist to becoming a devoted caregiver and Parkinson's advocate and the love between the couple grows stronger. As her illness progresses, his life becomes committed to saving Milly."
Reception.
The film received a positive review from "New York Times".

</doc>
<doc id="19923269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923269" title="Journal of Indigenous Studies">
Journal of Indigenous Studies

The Journal of Indigenous Studies (French: La Revue des Études Indigènes) was a multilingual, biannual, peer-reviewed academic journal. It was established in 1989 and was sponsored by the Gabriel Dumont Institute, a Métis-directed educational and cultural entity in Saskatoon (Saskatchewan, Canada), affiliated with the University of Regina. The journal's scope was interdisciplinary and cross-cultural, with a focus on indigenous people, from the perspectives of a variety of academic fields, including archaeology, education, law, linguistics, philosophy, and sociology. The journal was one of several Native American newspapers and periodicals under the auspices of the Aboriginal Multimedia Society of Alberta.
While all six volumes were written in English and French, three of them (Nos. 3, 5, and 6) were also in Cree. The last volume was published in 1997.
History.
Dana F. Lawrence was the founding editor-in-chief.
The first issue, Winter (January) 1989, written in English and French, circulated in Australia, Canada, the United Kingdom, and the United States. Topics included native self-government, indigenous values in a colonial education system, Indian/Métis language programs with French immersion, and death/reburial. There were also two book reviews. The second issue, Summer (July) 1989, featured articles on Aboriginal languages, Michif language, and First Nations women. There were also three book reviews . 
There were no issues printed in 1990 during a personnel turnover while Lawrence moved on to the University of British Columbia. Catherine Littlejohn, free-lance historian, researcher, author and consultant, was introduced as the new editor for the third issue, published in Winter (January) 1991. As with her predecessor, Littlejohn urged for international participation. Besides English and French, it was also written in Cree. There were articles on archaeology, health, and spirituality, as well as two book reviews. 
Summer (July) 1991, the fourth issue, saw several major changes: the associated editors of previous issues were replaced by a review board entirely made up of participants from Canadian institutions, article abstracts were written in Cree syllabics, APA format was no longer required for articles written in a discipline that used another style, and citations for traditional knowledge had to be validated by the indigenous community. The issue contained articles on education, law, policy, and residential schools, as well as two book reviews. McNinch wrote the opening editorial of the Winter (January) 1992 issue, as Littlejohn had left the journal. Circulation expanded to New Zealand and included the topics of Maori language, Maori music, and a literary biography on Native American poet Paula Gunn Allen. There was one book review. 
The sixth and final issue did not appear until Winter (January) 1997, and with it, another editor, Karla Jessen Williamson. The previous long list of editorial board members or assistant editors was gone, replaced by a list of manuscript evaluators. The topics of this issue included education, employment/training, native/newcomer relations. Indigenous Australians and North American Inuit were the subject populations. There were three book reviews.
Publishing.
The front cover was designed by Sherry Farrell-Racette and, while the colours of the front cover changed for the different issues, the design never changed. Earlier issues of the journal were typeset by ABCOM Publishers and the last one was typeset by The Little Print Shop (Saskatoon). All but the last issue were printed and distributed by University of Toronto Press. The journal did not accept paid advertising.
Scholarly references.
The short-lived journal and individual articles were subsequently cited by other scholars. For example, White's "Forced Sterilization amongst American Indian Women" (1989) was quoted by Davies & Clow (2009), "American Indian sovereignty and law", and Douglas' "Maori Language Nests" (1992) was mentioned in Abley (2005), "Spoken Here: Travels Among Threatened Languages". At least one article was reprinted as a chapter in a later book: Watson's, "The affirmation of indigenous values in a colonial education system" in Stone & MacKenzie (1990), "The Excluded past: Archaeology in education". Likewise, a chapter previously published elsewhere (for example, Hubert's, "A proper place for the dead: a critical review of the 'reburial' issue", chapter ten, in Layton (1994), "Conflict in the archaeology of living traditions"), was reprinted in JIA.

</doc>
<doc id="19923292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923292" title="La Historia Continúa... Parte III">
La Historia Continúa... Parte III

La Historia Continúa... Parte III (Eng.: "The History Continues... Vol. 3") is a compilation album released by Marco Antonio Solís. This album became his seventh number-one set on the "Billboard" Top Latin Albums. The album was released in a standard CD presentation and in a CD/DVD combo including the music videos for the singles "Sin Lado Izquierdo", "Mi Mayor Necesidad", "Tu Amor o Tu Desprecio" and "Casas de Cartón".
Chart performance.
Year-End Charts

</doc>
<doc id="19923293" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923293" title="Messerschmitt M 24">
Messerschmitt M 24

__NOTOC__
The Messerschmitt M 24, otherwise known as the BFW M.24 was an airliner developed in Germany in the late 1920s as a further development in the series of designs produced by Messerschmitt based on the M 18. Like the M 18 and its follow-on, the M 20, it was a high-wing cantilever monoplane with a fully enclosed cabin and fixed tailwheel undercarriage. It was slightly smaller than the M 20, seating only eight passengers instead of the ten that could be carried by the previous aircraft.
Two prototypes were initially built with BMW and Junkers inline engines, followed by two more with BMW-built Pratt & Whitney radials. However, Messerschmitt proved unable to sell the design, possibly due at least in part to the enmity of Deutsche Luft Hansa director Erhard Milch towards Messerschmitt.
The first M 24a (Junkers engined, registered "D-1767") was used commercially from 1930 by Nordbayerische Verkersflug on the Dresden-Chemnitz-Plauen-Nuremberg route until it was lost in 1934.

</doc>
<doc id="19923297" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923297" title="Mentor Graham">
Mentor Graham

William Mentor Graham (1800 - 1886) was an American teacher best known for tutoring Abraham Lincoln and giving him his higher education during the future US President's time in New Salem, Illinois. 
Graham was born in near Greensburg, Kentucky.

</doc>
<doc id="19923317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923317" title="SwIPe (protocol)">
SwIPe (protocol)

The swIPe IP Security Protocol (swIPe) is an experimental Internet Protocol (IP) security protocol that was specified in 1993. It operates at the Internet Layer of the Internet Protocol Suite.
Purpose.
swIPe provides confidentiality, integrity, and authentication of network traffic, and can be used to provide both end-to-end and intermediate-hop security. swIPe is concerned only with security mechanisms. The protocol does not handle policy and key management, which are handled outside the protocol. It works by augmenting each packet with a cryptographically-strong authenticator and/or encrypting the data to be sent.
Protocol description.
swIPe encapsulates each IP datagram to be secured inside a swIPe packet. A swIPe packet is an IP packet of protocol type 53. A swIPe packet starts with a header, which contains identifying data and authentication information; the header is followed by the original IP datagram, which in turn is followed by any padding required by the security processing. Depending on the negotiated policy, the sensitive part of the swIPe packet (the authentication information and the original IP datagram) may be encrypted.
Cisco routers and switches running IOS have been found vulnerable to Denial of Service (DoS) attacks which may result from processing packets with IP Protocol 53.

</doc>
<doc id="19923320" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923320" title="Léonard Charner">
Léonard Charner

Léonard Victor Joseph Charner (1797, Saint-Brieuc, Côtes-d'Armor – 1869) was an Admiral of the French Navy.
Retour des Cendres.
He was the vice-captain of the ship "La Belle Poule" that brought back in France the remains of Napoleon I in 1840, during the Retour des Cendres.
War of Crimea.
He participated to the war of Crimea, mainly in the battle for Sebastopol.
Far East.
In 1843, Captain Charner was part of the fleet sent to the Pacific Ocean by the French Foreign Minister François Guizot under Admiral Jean-Baptiste Cécille and together with the diplomat Lagrene. The move responded to the successes of the British in China in 1842, and France hoped to counterbalance these successes by accessing China from the south.
In 1860, Charner was commander of the French naval forces in the Far East. He was involved in the Second Opium War in China until its end in 1861.
War in Vietnam.
As soon as the war ended, Charner left for Vietnam in January 1861 with his naval squadron and a force of 3,000 troops to support French troops encircled in Saigon. On February 11, 1861, he relieved the Siege of Saigon, thereby continuing the endeavour of Admiral Rigault de Genouilly, and permitting the establishment of the first French territories in Vietnam. The French Navy Minister Chasseloup-Laubat wrote to Charner: "We wish to draw commerce to Saigon (...) What we want is a sort of suzerainty or sovereignty with free trade accessible to all".
After three weeks of combat, ending with the Battle of Kỳ Hòa, Charner managed to relieve the Saigon garrison. These efforts allowed the French to capture three provinces of Cochinchina.
Charner was replaced by Admiral Bonard in November 1861, who managed to obtain the recognition of the French conquests by Emperor Tự Đức in 1862, with the June 1862 Treaty of Saigon.
Several French Navy ships have been named after him, such as the French cruiser "Amiral Charner (1893)" or the Bougainville-class colonial sloop (""aviso colonial"") "Amiral Charner (1933)" which fought at the Battle of Koh Chang in the 1941 Franco-Thai War.
Later career.
Charner was made Senator in 1862 and an Admiral of France on November 15, 1864.
He is buried in his hometown of Saint-Brieuc.

</doc>
<doc id="19923342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923342" title="Vincent Comet">
Vincent Comet

The Vincent Comet was designed and built at the Vincent works in Great North Road, Stevenage, Hertfordshire, England]. Developed from the Vincent Rapide by Australian engineer Phil Irving in 1935, it was one of four 499 cc single models. As well as the "sports" Comet, Vincent produced a TT racing model, the Comet "Special" (a TT model with lights) and the standard Vincent Meteor which shared many of the same cycle parts. 
An unusual feature of the valve design for these motors was the double valve guides, and the attachment of the forked rocker arm to a shoulder between the guides, to eliminate side forces on the valve stem and ensure maximum valve life under racing conditions. 
The prototype series A was refined and developed into a production model B but after World War II it was the development of the series C that represents the ultimate Vincent 500 cc single. A series D was actually designed and one was built at the factory. Others had to be subsequently made up from spare parts as Vincent production ceased in 1955.
Specifications.
The 499 cc single-cylinder high-camshaft OHV, air-cooled Vincent engine had a light alloy barrel and cylinder head with a cast-iron liner, 'backbone' type combined frame and oil tank, the engine acting as a stressed member of the frame, and most other components in common with the post-war twin-cylinder models. Unlike the twins, it had a Burman BAP four-speed gearbox held by a vertical piece of cast aluminium, which mated with the backbone frame that it shared with the twin models. 
At the time and to this day some members of the motorcycling fraternity quipped that it was really only 'half of' the desirable Rapide twin-cylinder model, although in fact the specification had more in common with the higher performance Black Shadow twin-cylinder model, sharing compression ratio (7.3:1) and the larger carburettor. Unlike the Black Shadow however, it did not have polished internals nor was it selectively assembled. All Comet models had both front (Vincent Girdraulic forks) and rear suspension with damping at a time when most manufacturers had only front suspension.

</doc>
<doc id="19923360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923360" title="Rosencrans Cabin Historic District">
Rosencrans Cabin Historic District

The Rosencrans Cabin is part of a small historic district comprising five log buildings on three acres in Bridger-Teton National Forest, just east of Grand Teton National Park. The cabin was used by Rudolph "Rosie" Rosencrans, who played a role in the development of Teton National Forest and who later became a U.S. Forest Service administrator in the early 20th century. Rosencrans was buried at this location.
Rudolf "Rosie" Rosencrans was a native of Austria, graduating from the University of Vienna and qualified as an ocean navigator. He first visited Jackson Hole in 1900 and returned in 1903 to become a ranger in the Teton Division of the Yellowstone Timberland Reserve. Rosencrans built the first ranger station in the district, which was replaced in 1915 with the present complex. Rosencrans retired from the Forest Service in 1928 because of failing eyesight, and died in 1970 at 94.
Located to the west of Rosie's Ridge, the log cabin at the center of the district is about by . The cabin contains a kitchen on the west side, with a bedroom and bathroom in an enclosed porch on the north side. The living room features a wood-burning stove. Another bedroom is in a lean-to addition on the east side.
Other buildings in the district include two log storage buildings, a log horse barn, and a privy. Rosencrans' grave is to the northeast of the barn, enclosed by a pole fence.
The cabin and surrounding structures are near the Forest Service's Old Blackrock Office, which was also associated with Rosencrans.
The district was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.

</doc>
<doc id="19923366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923366" title="Heilpraktiker">
Heilpraktiker

Heilpraktiker (Healing Practitioner) is a naturopathic degree in Germany. It is recognized as an alternative and complementary health care profession by the government. A Heilpraktiker is educated in the basic modern medical sciences, such as anatomy, physiology and pathology and then specializes in a complementary and alternative field of health care and that could be anything from homeopathy, phytotherapy, Chinese medicine, Ayurvedic medicine, to reflexology or acupuncture. A Heilpraktiker is a person who is allowed to practice as a non-medical practitioner using any unconventional therapy he or she is trained in.

</doc>
<doc id="19923371" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923371" title="Stanley Williams (rugby union)">
Stanley Williams (rugby union)

Stanley Williams DSO (2 November 1886 – 30 April 1936) was a Welsh rugby union fullback who played club rugby for Newport. He won 4 caps for England and was selected for the British Lions 1910 tour of South Africa, in which he played in all three test games.
Rugby career.
Williams first played for Newport in 1901 and was part of the team that faced the touring 1908 Australians. Whilst with Newport he had several trials with Wales and was at one stage selected as a reserve for the team, but was never officially selected to represent his birth country. In 1910 Williams was one of five Newport players chosen to represent the British Isles on their tour of South Africa. Williams played in all three test matches.
When the English rugby union invoked Newport's rugby union membership Williams switched his international allegiance to England. Williams was first capped for England on 21 January 1911 when he played against Wales at St Helens. England lost the match 11-15, but in the second game of the Championship Williams finished on the winning side when the English team crushed France 37-0. Williams played in the next two games for England when they lost in tight game to Ireland and beat Scotland to leave them with the Wooden Spoon.
International matches played.
England
<br>British Isles
Later life.
Williams served his country during World War I, and was awarded the Distinguished Service Order for his actions during the conflict.
In 1936 on a return trip form Rio de Janeiro to Southampton on the Royal Mail ship Arlanza Williams fell overboard and was declared lost.

</doc>
<doc id="19923378" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923378" title="Patrizia Scianca">
Patrizia Scianca

Patrizia Scianca (born July 5, 1961) is an Italian voice actress from Turin who has dubbed over a number of notable roles in anime.

</doc>
<doc id="19923403" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923403" title="List of road types by features">
List of road types by features

This is a List of road types by features. Roads names are used in different areas and the features of the roads varies. So this table address the differences in that usage when needed.

</doc>
<doc id="19923414" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923414" title="1982 BMW Open – Singles">
1982 BMW Open – Singles

Chris Lewis was the defending champion, but lost in the second round this year.
Gene Mayer won the title, defeating Peter Elter 3–6, 6–3, 6–2, 6–1 in the final.

</doc>
<doc id="19923434" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923434" title="Sir Edmund James Palmer Norton">
Sir Edmund James Palmer Norton

Sir Edmund James Palmer Norton (1865-1944) was an engineer of English descent who was born on the frontier between Germany and Denmark, though raised in England. He is credited as a pioneer of Argentine viticulture. 
Transandine Railway.
After graduating with a degree in engineering his expertise in building railway bridges was requested to help build the Transandine Railway which connected the Argentine railroad from Mendoza to Santiago, Chile. This line, climbing through the Andes through a 12,000-foot pass, was built in one of the most difficult railroad terrains in the world. Though the railway has not been functional since 1984, in 2006, both the Argentine and Chilean governments agreed to refurbish the railway and make it functional by the year 2010, at an estimated total cost of US$460 million.
Argentine viticulture.
Once his work on the railway was completed, he moved to Bahía Blanca before returning to Mendoza in 1889 to settle permanently. Though his formal training was in designing railway bridges, he soon sought other opportunities. In 1895 he founded the very first winery in the area, Bodega Norton, located to the south of the Mendoza River in the district of Perdriel, in the department of Luján de Cuyo. Norton recognized the Mendoza region's potential for wine cultivation and production, and planted grapes with vines imported from France. He devoted the rest of his life to winemaking. He married Juana Suarez and had several children, some of whom continued the family business.
Bodega Norton.
In 1989, Bodega Norton was acquired by Austrian entrepreneur Gernot Langes–Swarovski, owner of Swarovski Crystal Company. Bodega Norton now exports over 1.5 million cases annually.

</doc>
<doc id="19923448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923448" title="No. 83 Squadron RAF">
No. 83 Squadron RAF

No. 83 Squadron RAF was a Royal Flying Corps and Royal Air Force squadron active from 1917 until 1969. It was operative during both World War I and World War II.
Establishment and early service.
Founded on 7 January 1917 at Montrose, the squadron trained at Spittlegate and Wyton, where it equipped with FE2bs and FE2ds for its role as a night bomber squadron. The squadron moved to France in March 1918, being initially used to carry out attacks on German troop concentrations to try and disrupt the German Spring Offensive,before operating for the remainder of the war in the night bombing (mainly against railway targets) and reconnaissance role. It disbanded on 31 December 1919.
Reinstatement and World War II.
The squadron re-formed at Turnhouse in Scotland on 4 August 1936, equipped with Hawker Hinds in preparation for a day bomber role as part of 2 Group. On 14 March 1938 the squadron joined No 5 Group at Scampton and re-equipped with Handley Page Hampdens in October 1938. 
Unlike many Bomber Command squadrons, No. 83 Squadron went into action on the first day of the Second World War, carrying out a sweep over the North Sea looking for German warships. The squadron continued with ‘precision’ raids against German naval and coastal targets but, as the daylight operations became more costly, No 83, along with the majority of Bomber Command, switched to night operations. No. 83 flew against concentrations of Invasion shipping in the Channel Ports in the late summer/autumn of 1940, with a raid on Antwerp on the night of 15 September resulting in the award of a Victoria Cross to Flight Sergeant John Hannah, a Wireless Operator/Gunner for extinguishing a serious fire while receiving severe burns. In December 1941, the squadron was re-equipped with Avro Manchesters but, due to their underpowered and unreliable engines, these were quickly replaced with Avro Lancasters. 
In August 1942, the squadron was transferred to the No 8 Group Pathfinder Force at RAF Wyton, operating as a marker unit for the main force of Bomber Command. However, in April 1944, No 83 was returned to No 5 Group at Coningsby, where it became the ‘Pathfinder’ unit for independent operations by the Group. 
In May 1946, the squadron re-equipped with Avro Lincolns, relocating in October to Hemswell. It deployed to Singapore in September 1953, flying bombing missions against the supposed hiding places of Communist Terrorists during the Malayan Emergency, returning to Hemswell in January, where it remained until disbanding again in December 1955.
Post-World War II and disbandment.
In May 1957, the squadron re-formed at Waddington as the RAF’s first Vulcan squadron. In August 1960, it handed over its Mk1 aircraft to No 44 Squadron and moved to Scampton where it became the first squadron to receive the Mk2 Vulcan. Initially these were armed with Yellow Sun megaton weapons, later to be replaced by Blue Steel stand-off bombs. The squadron remained at Scampton in this role until finally disbanded in August 1969.

</doc>
<doc id="19923449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923449" title="The Mavericks (2003 album)">
The Mavericks (2003 album)

The Mavericks is the self-titled sixth studio album by the American country music band The Mavericks. It was their only release for Sanctuary Records, and their first studio album since 1998's "Trampoline". The album produced three singles in "I Want to Know", "Would You Believe", and a cover of "The Air That I Breathe", which was made famous by The Hollies. This cover was the only single to enter the charts, peaking at number 59 on "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs). "The Mavericks" was also the band's final studio album before their 2003 disbanding.
Also included on this album is a duet with Willie Nelson, "Time Goes By", and "In My Dreams" co-written and previously recorded by Rick Trevino on his 2003 album "In My Dreams", an album which The Mavericks' lead singer Raul Malo produced. Trevino's version was also a single in 2003, peaking at #41 on the country charts.

</doc>
<doc id="19923460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923460" title="2009 Major League Lacrosse season">
2009 Major League Lacrosse season

The 2009 Major League Lacrosse season was the ninth season of the league. The season began on May 15, 2009 and concluded with the championship game on August 23, 2009. 
Milestones & events.
Rule changes.
Major League Lacrosse announced some major rule changes in the off-season. The league will introduce a fourth long–stickman to play. For the first eight seasons the league operated, each team could only field three long–stick defenders on the field at a time. This rule was unique from the traditional men's field lacrosse rules played in high schools and colleges. The league will maintain the two–point goal and shot clock that differentiates Major League Lacrosse rules from high school and college lacrosse. In addition, the league announced that each team would be permitted to have one additional roster position to a total of nineteen players. 
Standings.
"W = Wins, L = Losses, PCT = Winning Percentage, GB = Games Back of first place, GF = Goals For, 2ptGF = 2 point Goals For, GA = Goals Against, 2ptGA = 2 point Goals Against"
Final
"Long Island finished ahead of Boston base on head to head record 3-0."
All Star Game.
The 2009 game took place July 16 at Denver's INVESCO Field. The Old School beat the Young Guns 22-21 in overtime. Brian Langtry (Denver) was named the MVP for the game.
Playoffs.
The 2009 New Balance MLL Championship Weekend took place on Saturday and Sunday, August 22 and 23 at Navy-Marine Corps Memorial Stadium in Annapolis, Maryland. The two semifinal games were at 12 PM ET and 3 PM ET on Saturday. The Toronto Nationals and Denver Outlaws won their semi-final matchups and in the Championship game with 45 seconds left, Shawn Williams scored to give the Nationals a 10-9 lead and Toronto won the MLL championship. 
Merrick Thomson was named MVP for the playoffs

</doc>
<doc id="19923477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923477" title="Pepducin">
Pepducin

Pepducins are novel cell-penetrating peptides that act as intracellular modulators of signal transference from receptors to G proteins. Pepducins were first developed at the Tufts Medical Center laboratories of Dr. Athan Kuliopulos and Dr. Lidija Covic. 
Pepducins utilize lipidated fragments of intracellular G protein-coupled receptor loops to modulate GPCR action in targeted cell-signaling pathways. A Pepducin molecule comprises a short peptide derived from a GPCR intracellular loop tethered to a hydrophobic moiety. This structure allows Pepducin lipopeptides to anchor in the cell membrane lipid bilayer and target the GPCR/G protein interface via a unique intracellular allosteric mechanism. Pepducins for over 15 different GPCRs have been successfully produced, several of which have shown activity in preclinical "in vivo" models.
An anti-PAR4 pepducin extended bleeding time in mice and protected against systemic platelet activation and thrombosis.
A CXCR4 agonist pepducin mobilizes bone marrow hematopoietic cells.
As of 2011 none have entered clinical trials, although progress continues to be made.

</doc>
<doc id="19923490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923490" title="Maja Shkurt">
Maja Shkurt

Maja Shkurt a mountain in northern Albania, part of the Prokletije range. It reaches a height of 2,499m just under 2,500m. The Albanian name Maja Shkurt means 'Small Peak'.

</doc>
<doc id="19923495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923495" title="Journal of Human Capital">
Journal of Human Capital

The Journal of Human Capital is a quarterly peer reviewed academic journal published by the University of Chicago Press. It covers theoretical and empirical research on the role of human capital in economics. The editor-in-chief is Isaac Ehrlich (State University of New York at Buffalo). The journal is abstracted and indexed in the Social Sciences Citation Index and Current Contents/Social & Behavioral Sciences.

</doc>
<doc id="19923504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923504" title="Workers Union of the Comoros">
Workers Union of the Comoros

The Workers Union of the Comoros ("Union des Travailleurs des Comores", UTC) is a national trade union center in the Comoros.

</doc>
<doc id="19923513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923513" title="Acepentalene">
Acepentalene

Acepentalene is a tricyclic anti-aromatic compound. Its molecular formula is C10H6. It consists of three five-membered rings fused across three of the five carbon atoms. The central carbon atom in acepentalene is part of all three rings. There are formally five double bonds in acepentalene, so that the molecule formally contains four double bonds on the exterior, and one double bond from the central carbon to the exterior of the ring system.
The acepentalene dianion, which can be stabilized by two lithium atoms, is more stable. The radical anion is also known.

</doc>
<doc id="19923518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923518" title="The West Coast Don">
The West Coast Don

The West Coast Don is the fifth studio album by rapper Yukmouth, released on July 14, 2009 on Smoke-a-Lot Records/Asylum Records.

</doc>
<doc id="19923536" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923536" title="Archalbot">
Archalbot

Archalbot is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1650 people living in 333 individual households.
The paddy fields for rice farming and the terraces are a characteristic of the village area. Nearby is the Tamang community of Phurano Dobar, which was recently installed with a clean water system. Surrounding the VDC are rhododendron forests, which give view to the Himalayan peaks from the Annapurnas in the west to Manaslu to the Langtang area in the east.

</doc>
<doc id="19923556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923556" title="Supreme Court Review">
Supreme Court Review

The Supreme Court Review (SCR) (), has been published by the University of Chicago Press since 1960. Its editors are Dennis Hutchinson, David A. Strauss and Geoffrey R. Stone, faculty members at the University of Chicago Law School.

</doc>
<doc id="19923574" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923574" title="Haverstock">
Haverstock

Haverstock is an area and electoral ward in the London Borough of Camden. It is centred around Haverstock Hill and Chalk Farm, with Gospel Oak to the north; Kentish Town to the east; Camden Town to the south, and Swiss Cottage to the west.
History.
There has been settlement in the area for hundreds of years, with Haverstock Hill being one of the main roads out of London to Hampstead and the north of England. 
Geography.
The area to the west of the hill, with the NW3 Belsize Park/Hampstead post code, is very wealthy, while the Queen's Crescent NW5 area to the east of the hill is home to Queen's Crescent Market. There is a high density of council housing, with Talacre Gardens the only real open space, although Primrose Hill and Hampstead Heath are both close by. The area still remains a desirable compromise to fashionable areas such as Camden Town and expensive inner suburbs Belsize Park and Hampstead. The area is ethnically and socially diverse, and the marketplace and surrounding area is well known for its African, Jamaican, South American and Eastern European culture, well reflected in the ethnic food stalls and clothes shops in the area.
Haverstock Hill, Rosslyn Hill, and Heath Street, Hampstead together constitute one long hill 2.8 km long, rising 99 m, with an average gradient of 3.5% (maximum 8.5%).
Transport.
Stations in the area are Kentish Town West railway station, and Chalk Farm and Belsize Park tube stations.
The area was formerly served by Haverstock Hill railway station, which closed in 1916. 
Culture.
There are many restaurants, bars and cultural venues in Haverstock. The Barfly club, which launched many artists of the Britpop era, and the Roundhouse venue are in Chalk Farm.
Queen's Crescent Street Market has served the area around Gospel Oak for over 100 years and now frequently hosts farmers' markets and guest traders from across the UK. The marketplace and surrounding area is well known for its African, Jamaican, South American and Eastern European culture, and this is well reflected to the ethnic food stalls and clothes shops in the area.
Famous residents.
Haverstock School includes cabinet ministers David Miliband and Ed Miliband, and former MP Oona King, amongst its alumni.
Politics.
Haverstock is represented by three councillors on the London Borough of Camden, and forms part of the Holborn and St. Pancras constituency. The constituency had previously been a staunch Labour seat, but by 2010 had become marginal between Labour and the Liberal Democrats.

</doc>
<doc id="19923577" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923577" title="Red Rocks Farrell">
Red Rocks Farrell

John "Red Rocks" Farrell (c. 1857-?) was an American criminal, thief and member of the Whyos, a prominent New York street gang during the mid-to late 19th century. One of the more colorful members of the gang at the height of its power, he spent nearly half his life in correctional institutions. 
In late 1891, Farrell was convicted of drugging and then robbing a man and sentenced to two years imprisonment in Sing Sing. He was released in November 1893 and returned to the Bowery where, two months later, he was charged with the robbery of an ex-police officer, 65-year-old James McGill, on the evening of January 9, 1894. McGill claimed that he had met Farrell and was invited to share a drink with him. McGill agreed but recalled losing consciousness after two drinks and awoke the next morning in a jail cell at the Eldridge Street Police Station. He was missing $140 in cash as well as his watch and chain, worth another $150. Farrell was arrested days later and tried at The Tombs police court where he faced a five year prison sentence. Farrell is one of several Whyos to appear in the 2003 historical novel "Dreamland" by Kevin Baker. 

</doc>
<doc id="19923598" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923598" title="John Cocker">
John Cocker

John Cocker (1815 – 27 March 1885) was an English cricketer who played for Kent. Cocker was born in Thurnham and died in South Australia.
Cocker made a single first-class appearance for the team, against England in 1842. Batting in the first innings as an opener, he scored 11 runs, and from the tailend in the second innings he scored 5 runs, before being bowled out by 50-year-old William Lillywhite, uncle of James, who played in the first Test match.

</doc>
<doc id="19923603" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923603" title="Animal (clothing)">
Animal (clothing)

Animal is a UK action sports lifestyle brand based in Poole, England. The company was created in 1987, by two surfers looking for a solution to continuously losing their watches in the water due to the straps breaking under extreme conditions.
The simplicity and rugged nature of the strap made it suitable for crossing over into other action sports such as windsurfing, snowboarding, skateboarding, and mountain biking. Before long, Animal started to make sports watches, apparel and accessories. Animal is now an international brand producing action sports inspired clothing, watches, wetsuits, technical outerwear, eye wear, footwear, luggage and accessories. In 1997 it was bought by the limited company H Young Holdings.
Animal sponsors a team of riders in each of its core sports. These are surfing, BMX, skiing, skateboarding, mountain biking and snowboarding. Animal’s 'rider-refined' program means all products get tried, tested and tweaked by the Animal pro team.
The company has 44 stores in the UK including 3 outlet stores.
References.
http://www.animal.co.uk/about-us
http://actionsportstour.animal.co.uk/

</doc>
<doc id="19923620" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923620" title="R.R. Donnelley and Sons Co. Calumet Plant">
R.R. Donnelley and Sons Co. Calumet Plant

The R.R Donnelley Printing Plant, sometimes known as the Lakeside Press Building or more simply The Calumet Plant and now known as the Lakeside Technology Center, was built between 1912 and 1929 to house the operations of the RR Donnelley printing company. The building supported printing operations for the company and was the Donnelley headquarters until 1991 when they moved the headquarters to 77 West Wacker. In 1993, the plant was closed after the discontinuation by Sears, Roebuck and Co. of its mail-order catalog, which had been the last major account printed there. In 1999 the building was retrofitted and is currently owned by Digital Realty Trust operating as a carrier hotel or data center. The newly outfitted building was the first and largest planned carrier hotel in the United States.
The building was designed by Howard Van Doren Shaw to be a fireproof design of poured reinforced concrete columns and an open-shell concrete floor. Although considered to be expensive by the standards of that time, T.E. Donnelley agreed that the support would be needed for the many tons of paper they used and large presses they operated. Supported by 4,675 steel-reinforced concrete columns, this type of construction not only served the Donnelly well, it also provided the perfect infrastructure for future tenants. To further the building’s support structure, reinforcing bars, normally laid perpendicular, were laid at various angles enabling the floors to bear loads of at least 250 pounds per square foot.
Current major tenants of the building include the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Telx, Equinix, Steadfast Networks and Qwest. 
Exterior ornaments depict symbols of printing history. Portions of the building, including the interior Memorial Library, were designed by architect Charles Klauder. 

</doc>
<doc id="19923622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923622" title="Andrei Gruzdev">
Andrei Gruzdev

Andrei Gruzdev is a Russian ski-orienteering competitor and world champion.
Ski orienteering.
He received a gold medal in "sprint" at the 2002 World Ski Orienteering Championships in Borovetz, and a gold medal in the "middle distance" in Levi in 2005. In 2007 he won a gold medal in the "relay event" (with Kirill Veselov and Eduard Khrennikov). He has received two individual silver medal and three bronze medals at the world championships.
At the World Cup in Ski Orienteering in 2000 Gruzdev finished overall second, behind winner Eduard Khrennikov.

</doc>
<doc id="19923625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923625" title="Mobile automaton">
Mobile automaton

Mobile automaton (plural: mobile automata) is a class of automata similar to cellular automata but which have a single "active" cell instead of updating all cells in parallel. In a mobile automaton, the evolution rules apply only to the active cell, and also specify how the active cell moves from one generation to the next. All cells that are not active remain the same from one generation to the next. Mobile automata can therefore be considered a hybrid between elementary cellular automata and Turing machines.

</doc>
<doc id="19923627" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923627" title="Ted Bami">
Ted Bami

Ted Bami Minsende (born 2 March 1978 in Zaire (now Democratic Republic of the Congo)) is a light-welterweight boxer. Nicknamed "Dangerous", Bami is a former European light welterweight champion and British light welterweight title challenger.
He is currently ranked #70 in the world in the light welterweight division by BoxRec.
Biography.
Bami was born in Zaire (now Democratic Republic of the Congo) but has lived in Britain since the age of 12, having left Zaire to avoid the civil war in the country at that time. He was raised by his uncle who first introduced him to boxing at 15. Bami is self-managed and is trained by James Cook.
Professional career.
Bami made his professional boxing debut in September 1998, with a first round stoppage of Des Sowden. In his second professional fight, Bami knocked out Gary Reid in the 2nd round of a scheduled 4 round contest. Reid would go on to challenge for the commonwealth light welterweight title. Bami's first setback came when he was knocked out by Jacek Bielski in his fourth fight.
Rise to Prominence.
On 17 August 2002, Bami knocked out the previously undefeated Bradley Pryce in the 6th round. Pryce has since gone on to challenge for the British welterweight title and win the Commonwealth title in the light middleweight division.
In April, 2003, Bami won the vacant WBF light welterweight title with a 9th round knockout of Vasile 'Laszlo' Herteg. On 26 July 2003, in his first defence of the title, Bami was knocked out by South African Samuel Malinga, who had previously defeated Colin Lynes.
Following the defeat to Malinga, Bami spent the next couple of years fighting mid-level European opposition. During this period his biggest wins were over Hungarian Jozsef Matolcsi, Russian Viktor Baranov and Poland's Rafal Jackiewicz.
European Title.
On 14 September 2006, following an injury to Jason Cook, Bami received a late call to fight for the vacant European light welterweight title against Italian Giuseppe Lauri, who had previously lost against Ricky Hatton and Junior Witter. On 22 September 2006, despite having a point deducted for headbutting, Bami defeated Lauri via a unanimous points decision with scores of 117-112 twice and 118-111.
On 30 March 2007, Bami scored another unanimous points decision over Lauri in a rematch for the title. Bami vacated the title following an injury.
British Title.
On 14 March 2008, Bami challenged David Barnes for the vacant British light welterweight title. Bami was defeated via a unanimous points decision, in a fight which Barnes controlled with his jab. In July, 2008, Bami returned to winning ways with a 7th round knockout of Stuart Elwell via a body shot.
Prizefighter 3: The Welterweights.
On 24 October 2008, Bami was defeated in the final of the by Michael Lomax. Bami, favourite going into the tournament, defeated Andrew Ferrans via knockout and Mark Lloyd on points on his way to the final.
Bami vs. Hatton.
On 28 March 2009, Bami was defeated by Matthew Hatton in a 6th round stoppage in an eliminator for the IBO welterweight Title. After the fight, Bami announced that he would continue with his boxing career stating "People now think Ted Bami is over but I’m not over," 

</doc>
<doc id="19923631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923631" title="Sign of Victory">
Sign of Victory

Sign Of Victory is the second album of the glam metal band Buster Brown. It is the only Buster Brown album to feature drummer James Kottak.
After this album, singer Johnny Edwards and drummer James Kottak were recruited by guitarist Ronnie Montrose into his band Montrose. They played on Montrose's "Mean" album.
The song "Dirty Girl" resembles the Sweet Savage song "Straight Through The Heart" and, to a lesser extent, the Dio song "Caught In The Middle". The song "Monkey Bars" is a cover of the song originally done by Canadian rock band Coney Hatch.

</doc>
<doc id="19923643" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923643" title="Ericsson R380">
Ericsson R380

The Ericsson R380 Smartphone was a GSM mobile phone made by Ericsson Mobile Communications, released in 2000. It combined the functions of a mobile phone and a personal digital assistant (PDA). It was the first device marketed as a 'smartphone'. In December 1999 the magazine Popular Science appointed the Ericsson R380 Smartphone to one of the most important advances in science and technology. It was a groundbreaking device since it was as small and light as a normal mobile phone. It was the first device to use the new Symbian OS.
The display was a black and white touchscreen, partially covered by a flip. For that reason it can be considered the clear forerunner of the popular P800/P900 series of smartphones. It predates the UIQ user interface which runs on those later phones, but again, the heritage is clear.
Despite the sophisticated user interface, users could not install their own software on the device.
The phone and the software was developed at Ericsson's lab in Kista, Sweden. The UI was developed at Ericsson's Software Applications Laboratory in Warrington, UK. The UI was built using an in-house developed library called the Ericsson Control Kit (ECK). 
The device was delivered in three variants. The most common being the R380s (Dual 900/1800 GSM bands) and the (rarer) R380 World (Dual 900/1900 GSM Bands). The final variant with minor software and cosmetic upgrades was designated the R380e.
The R380s pricing was around $700 USD (compared to the T28s at $500 USD) at introduction, and the device was never network locked.
External pic

</doc>
<doc id="19923645" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923645" title="Práxedis Guerrero">
Práxedis Guerrero

Práxedis Gilberto Guerrero Hurtado (28 August 1882 – 30 December 1910) was a Mexican journalist who served as an insurgent leader during the 1910 Revolution.
Biography.
Guerrero was originally from Los Altos de Ibarra near León, Guanajuato, where his parents owned a hacienda. After finishing his secondary schooling, he began working as a labourer.
In 1899 he submitted his first articles to the newspapers "El Heraldo Comercial" and "El Despertador". 
In 1901, Filomeno Mata appointed him a correspondent on "Diario del Hogar" and, that same year, he enlisted as a reservist in the National Army, where he reached the rank of second lieutenant (cavalry). 
In 1903 he began to read newspapers that opposed the ongoing dictatorship of President Porfirio Díaz, including "El Demófilo" and "El hijo del Ahuizote"; he also met several anarchist writers. 
After the army (under orders from Gov. Bernardo Reyes) opened fire on a liberal demonstration in Monterrey, Nuevo León, on 2 April of that year, 
he resigned his commission in the reserves. 
In 1904 he relocated to the United States and began working as a mine labourer in Denver, Colorado. 
In 1905 he moved to San Francisco, California, where he published the newspaper "Alba Roja" ("Red Dawn"); 
In May 1906 Guerrero was visited by Manuel Sarabia, who invited him to participate on the Organizing Committee of the Mexican Liberal Party (JOPLM).
In addition to "Alba Roja", Guerrero worked on other papers, including "Revolución" (1908) and "Punto Rojo" (1909), 
which had a weekly print-run of 10,000 copies in El Paso, Texas, and joined its voice to calls for a general strike; 
he also contributed to "Regeneración", published by the Flores Magón brothers. He was a member of the Mexican Liberal Party (PLM) and fought in the party's military campaigns.
In September 1910, "Regeneración" published the stories of three 1908 revolutionary episodes, in which Guerrero described PLM attacks on the settlements of Las Vacas (modern-day Ciudad Acuña, Coahuila), Viesca, Coahuila, and Puerto Palomas, Chihuahua, intended to spark a social revolution across Mexico.
The liberal opposition to Díaz's regime finally declared open rebellion on 20 November 1910, under Francisco I. Madero's Plan de San Luis. 
Guerrero, who had been appointed Chief of Operations of the Confederation of Groups of the Liberal Army in Mexico, 
decided to raise an armed force in El Paso, Texas, and lead it across the border, even with the disapproval of the PLM's Organizing Committee, which wanted him to dedicate his efforts to writing and reporting.
On 22 December, some 30 revolutionaries led by Guerrero entered Mexico through Ciudad Juárez, Chihuahua, 
attacked a hacienda, sequestered a train, and advanced toward the south, destroying the railway bridges as they passed. At Estación Guzmán, Chihuahua, they were joined by another 20 insurgents; there, on 25 December, they split into two groups, the larger one led by Guerrero and the other by Prisciliano Silva.
Guerrero took the town of Corralitos on 27 December and, the following day (unsuccessfully) demanded the surrender of Casas Grandes. During the night of 29 December, he led his forces on an attack on Janos and, by the following morning, the town was in rebel hands. 
That same day, however, Práxedis Guerrero was killed. The circumstances of his death are unclear, and there are at least three different versions of the incident. Ethel Duffy Turner claims he was shot by one of his men who confused Guerrero with a spy as he was gaining higher ground to conduct reconnaissance; Martínez Nuñez says Guerrero was shot in the right eye while climbing onto a roof to repel an attack by federal forces; while Enrique Flores Magón reports that Guerrero was shot in the forehead while explaining the ideals of the PLM to the assembled townsfolk.
Legacy.
In Chihuahua, Práxedis Guerrero has a town and a municipality that honour his name. Another settlement in the state of Durango also bears his name.
External links.
Spanish-language Wikiquote has a collection of quotations related to: Práxedis G. Guerrero 

</doc>
<doc id="19923646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923646" title="Godawari, Seti">
Godawari, Seti

Godawari, Seti is a village development committee in Kailali District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 10935 living in 2042 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19923658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923658" title="Hasuliya">
Hasuliya

Hasuliya is a village development committee in Kailali District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 10638 living in 1405 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19923662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923662" title="Liliana Campos">
Liliana Campos

Liliana Campos (born April 27, 1971) is a Portuguese television presenter and fashion model. She has a degree in international relations and started her professional career at SIC television in Portugal. 
Among SIC's television shows she participated are "O Juiz Decide", "Mundo VIP", "Campeões Nacionais", "Flash", "Êxtase", "Animais de Quatro Patas" and "Fama Show".

</doc>
<doc id="19923665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923665" title="Janakinagar, Seti">
Janakinagar, Seti

Janakinagar is a village development committee in Kailali District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4864 living in 604 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19923670" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923670" title="Joshipur">
Joshipur

Joshipur is a village development committee in Kailali District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 13755 living in 1617 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19923679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923679" title="Khailad">
Khailad

Khailad is a village development committee in Kailali District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5734 living in 610 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19923720" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923720" title="Bolly">
Bolly

Bolly may refer to:
Bolly can also be an informal shortening of:

</doc>
<doc id="19923729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923729" title="Feel That Fire (song)">
Feel That Fire (song)

"Feel That Fire" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music singer Dierks Bentley. Bentley co-wrote the song along with Brad and Brett Warren (of The Warren Brothers) and his producer Brett Beavers. It was released in September 2008 as the lead-off single and title track from his album "Feel That Fire", which was released on February 3, 2009. The song became Bentley's sixth Number One on the Hot Country Songs chart for the chart week of February 21, 2009.
Content.
"Feel That Fire" is an up-tempo mostly accompanied by electric guitar and banjo. It describes the narrator's lover, and lists off all the things that she wants, such as riding a bull at the county fair, or making every stray animal a pet. In the chorus, the narrator explains that she "needs to feel that fire" and be his lover. The song is in the key of A-flat major with the guitars set to E-flat tuning and a main chord pattern of A-D-G-A. Bentley's vocals range from G to E.
Reception.
Alison Bonaguro, in an entry for the CMT blog, described the song favorably. In her review, she said, "In a world of passionless relationships, I think this song is very aspirational."
The song received a "thumbs down" review from the country music site The 9513. Despite calling it an "uptempo number that finds Bentley singing about something other than life on the road, featuring a rockin’ intro", critic Brady Vercher said that the song "contains a weak narrative that settles for what's easiest by barely delving into the subject."
Promotion.
To promote the single, Bentley shipped more than 2000 boxes of Cracker Jack to various radio stations (a reference to "she wants the toy in the Cracker Jack", a line from the opening). Fifty-one stations were chosen randomly as winners, with the grand prize being a concert with Bentley.
The music video featured actress and model Sarah Desage.

</doc>
<doc id="19923738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923738" title="G 3/08">
G 3/08

Under case number G 3/08, the Enlarged Board of Appeal of the EPO issued on May 12, 2010 an opinion in response to questions referred to it by the President of the European Patent Office (EPO), Alison Brimelow, on October 22, 2008. The questions subject of the referral related to the patentability of programs for computers under the European Patent Convention (EPC) and were, according to the President of the EPO, of fundamental importance as they related to the definition of "the limits of patentability in the field of computing." In a 55-page long opinion, the Enlarged Board of Appeal considered the referral to be inadmissible because no divergent decisions had been identified in the referral.
The referral had been quoted as relating to the "deeply contentious question about how to assess the patentability of software-related inventions". Alison Brimelow had been reported to have been considering referring the issue to the Enlarged Board of Appeal for almost two years. 
Some amicus curiae briefs had anticipated that the referral would be considered inadmissible under the legal provisions of the EPC, and in particular .
Background.
In addition to the Boards of Appeal before which decisions of the first instances of the EPO can be contested, the EPO includes an Enlarged Board of Appeal. This board does not constitute an additional level of jurisdiction in the classical sense. This instance takes decisions only when the case law of the Boards of Appeal becomes inconsistent or when an important point of law arises. Its purpose is "to ensure uniform application of the law" and to clarify or interpret important points of law in relation to the European Patent Convention. Only the Boards of Appeal themselves and the President of the EPO can refer a question to the Enlarged Board of Appeal. In the first case, the Enlarged Board issues a decision, while in the latter case it issues an opinion. G 3/08 is a referral of the President of the EPO under .
Under , the patentability of programs for computers is excluded. However, provides that this exclusion only applies to the extent to which a European patent application or European patent relates to such programs for computers "as such". The interpretation of the exclusion, including the words "as such", have caused applicants, attorneys, examiners, and judges a great deal of difficulty since the EPC came into force in 1978. An interpretation, which is followed by the Boards of Appeal of the EPO, is that an invention is patentable if it provides a new and non-obvious technical solution to a technical problem. 
Referrals to the Enlarged Board of Appeal are said to be rare, happening only with the most complex questions. The patentability of software has provoked fierce debate in Europe over the recent years, especially in relation to the proposed European Union (EU) directive on the patentability of computer-implemented inventions. The directive was rejected in 2005 by the European Parliament, a decision that was welcomed by those on both sides of the debate, by those supporting the patentability of software in Europe as well as those opposing it.
Questions.
Four questions have been referred by the President of the EPO to the Enlarged Board of Appeal. The four questions have been chosen to look at four different aspects of patentability in the field of computer programs.
Question 1: Claim category.
A divergence between decisions T 1173/97, making no distinction between categories of claims, especially between computer-implemented claims and computer program claims, and T 424/03, making a distinction between these two categories, is cited as justifying this question.
Question 2: Claim as a whole.
A divergence between decisions T 1173/97 and T 258/03 is cited as justifying this question. Under T 1173/97, computer programs are methods, and in order to have a technical character computer programs must demonstrate a further technical effect (which goes beyond the "normal" physical interactions between program (software) and computer (hardware)). Under T 258/03, a method acquires a technical character simply by involving technical means.
Question 3: Individual features of a claim.
A divergence between, on the one hand, decisions T 163/85 and T 190/94, according to which a technical effect on a physical entity in the real world is required (to escape the exclusion under Article 52(2)(c) and (3)), and, on the other hand, T 125/01 and T 424/03, according to which the technical effects can be essentially confined to the respective computer programs, is cited as justifying this question.
Question 4: The activity of programming.
A divergence between decisions considering that a programmer's activity, i.e. writing computer programs, falls within the exclusions of Article 52(2)(c) (T 833/91, T 204/93, and T 769/92) and decisions having taken the opposite view (T 1177/97 and T 172/03) is cited as justifying the question.
Statements by third parties ("Amicus curiae" briefs).
On November 11, 2008, the Enlarged Board of Appeal decided to announce in the Official Journal of the EPO "further provisions concerning statements by third parties on the points of law concerning the patentability of programs for computers referred to it by the President of the European Patent Office". The expected announcement was made in the Official Journal of January 2009. Namely, any written statements, i.e. amicus curiae briefs, had to be filed by the end of April 2009.
Around a hundred amicus curiae briefs have been submitted, including briefs by Accenture, the Association for Competitive Technology (ACT), the American Intellectual Property Law Association (AIPLA), the International Association for the Protection of Industrial Property (AIPPI), Apple Inc., BT, BUSINESSEUROPE, Canonical Group Ltd, the Computer & Communication Industry Association (CCIA), Chartered Institute of Patent Attorneys (CIPA), the Computing Technology Industry Association (CompTIA), DIGITALEUROPE, Ericsson, the European Patent Institute (epi), the Foundation for a Free Information Infrastructure (FFII), the Free Software Foundation Europe (FSFE), the International Federation of Intellectual Property Attorneys (FICPI), France Télécom, IBM, the Irish Free Software Organisation (IFSO), ITechLaw, the Japan Intellectual Property Association (JIPA), Prof. Donald Knuth, Licensing Executives Society International (LESI), Microsoft Corporation and General Electric Company, Philips, the Pirate Party, Pitney Bowes, the Polish Patent Office, Red Hat, SAP, Siemens, Prof. Joseph Straus, the UNION of European Practitioners in Industrial Property, and the United Kingdom.
Reception to the referral and further developments.
According to the "New York Times", the referral has been welcomed "by lawyers and software engineers alike".
After the referral, the England and Wales Court of Appeal did not give the UK Intellectual Property Office (UK-IPO) leave to appeal to the House of Lords regarding the "Symbian’s Patent Application" case, "because in its view it would be premature for the House of Lords to decide what computer programs are patentable before the issue has been considered by the Enlarged Board of Appeal of the Intellectual Property Office web site, [http://www.ipo.gov.uk/press-briefings-patentability-coa.htm "Patentability of computer programs, recent Court of Appeal judgment and questions raised by the President of the European Patent Office", Press notice, reviewed 7 November 2008. Consulted on May 6, 2009.</ref>
Interlocutory decision of 16 October 2009.
In an interlocutory decision of 16 October 2009, the Enlarged Board of Appeal dealt with an objection of partiality raised in an amicus brief. The objection of partiality was against a particular member of the Board, Dai Rees, and against the Board as a whole. The Enlarged Board of Appeal concluded that there was "no reason to exclude Mr Rees from its composition in case G 3/08 or to replace further members." The original composition of the Board therefore remained unchanged.
Opinion.
The reasons for the opinion first address the admissibility of the referral. After considering that the President of the EPO had not forfeited her right to a referral because the preceding President, Alain Pompidou, had declined in 2007 to refer questions to the Enlarged Board Appeal (when suggested to do so by British judge Lord Justice Jacob), the Board considered the referred questions to be undoubtedly of fundamental importance under . The Board goes on by writing that the president's right of referral to the Enlarged Board does not extend to means of replacing Board of Appeal rulings with the decision of a putatively higher instance, as / does not constitute a further instance ranking above the Boards of Appeal within the EPC judicial system. According to the Board, "EPO's Boards of Appeal are ... assigned interpretative supremacy with regard to the EPC in terms of its scope of application". The notion of "legal development" and its normal character are also addressed, in the context of the reference to "different decisions" in , a requirement considered crucial for the referral to be admissible. The Board then concludes its "fundamental considerations on the interpretation of Article 112(1)(b) EPC" (before considering the questions of the referral themselves) as follows:
First reactions.
Justine Pila argued that the basis for this decision is an interpretation of Article 112(1)(b) that is inconsistent with the principles of Articles 31 and 33 of the Vienna Convention, and that it offends the constitutional principles from which it was expressly derived. Namely she criticizes that the Boards’ approach 
She concluded by criticizing the opinion, stating notably that "the EBA rendered a decision that is higher on democratic language than democratic content" and that "the only hope is for the European or national Legislatures to recognize that “judiciary-driven legal development” within the EPO has indeed met its limits".

</doc>
<doc id="19923739" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923739" title="Nils Erik Flakstad">
Nils Erik Flakstad

Nils Erik Flakstad (23 March 1876 - 9 December 1939) was a Norwegian businessperson and politician for the Conservative Party.
He was born in Åmot as the son of a businessman. His maternal grandfather was Nils Jønsberg. He finished his secondary education in Hamar in 1894, enrolled in law studies and graduated as cand.jur. in 1899. He worked in Moss for two years before being hired as an attorney in Hamar in 1901. He was then CEO of the local savings bank from 1911 to 1931, and CEO of the local brewery from 1921 to 1937. From 1927 he was a member of the board of employers' organisation Norwegian Brewers as well as of Vinmonopolet.
Flakstad was a member of Hamar city council from 1919 to 1922 and 1928 to 1931. He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1922 and 1925, representing the Market towns of Hedmark and Oppland counties. From 1926 to 1927 he was the President of the Lagting. As such he chaired the Constitutional Court of the Realm during the impeachment case towards former Prime Minister Abraham Berge and six of his cabinet members. All seven were found not guilty.
Flakstad also served as a delegate to the Inter-Parliamentary Union Congress in Paris, France in 1927.

</doc>
<doc id="19923765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923765" title="National Centre of Polar Research (Bulgaria)">
National Centre of Polar Research (Bulgaria)

The National Centre of Polar Research is a specialized body established by the St. Kliment Ohridski University of Sofia in 2007 to appropriate the state budget funds allocated to polar scientific exploration, granted through the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Bulgaria.

</doc>
<doc id="19923791" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923791" title="Dent Oliver">
Dent Oliver

John Walter Denton (Dent) Oliver (born 13 April 1918 in Crook, County Durham, England) was a former international speedway who qualified for the Speedway World Championship finals three times.
Career summary.
Oliver started speedway in 1945 and was given guidance and support from pre war rider Bob Harrison. In 1946 he joined the Belle Vue Aces. After an impressive first two seasons he was called up to race for England in the 1947-1948 Ashes test series in Australia.
In 1949 Oliver reached the first of his three World final appearances but in 1951 he announced his retirement. In 1951 he was tempted into riding again by the Bradford Tudors. Belle Vue signed him up again at the start of 1952 but he later rejoined the Tudors and remained there until he retired in 1954. He came out of retirement in 1956 to ride nine meetings for the Tudors but again retired.
In 1963, at the age of forty-five he returned to racing for the Sheffield Tigers in the Provincial League following a call from Frank Varey. He stayed there for two seasons until 1965 when the Belle Vue Aces used him for a few matches that season. He finally retired at the end of 1965 but reamiend onm the staff at Belle Vue. He became team manager and in 1970, 1971 and 1972 the team won the British League.
In 1973 Dent suffered a serious deterioration in his health and died in the December.

</doc>
<doc id="19923798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923798" title="Embassy of Germany, Saint Petersburg">
Embassy of Germany, Saint Petersburg

The Embassy of Germany in Saint Petersburg was the diplomatic mission of the German Empire to the Russian Empire in Saint Petersburg. After the relocation by the Bolsheviks of the Soviet capital from Petrograd (as Saint Petersburg was then known) to Moscow, it served as a consulate of the Weimar Republic and Nazi Germany. Located at 11/41 Saint Isaac's Square () in the Tsentralny District of Saint Petersburg, the building now houses the offices of two Russian government agencies.
History of the site.
In the 1740s a two-storey building was erected by Nikita Shestakov on the site which is today at 11/41 Saint Isaac's Square. In 1743 Shestakov sold the building to merchant Fedot Stepanov and from the 1760s to 1812 it was owned by a jeweller to the court of the Russian Empire. From 1815-1820, renowned Russian architect Vasily Stasov redesigned the house in the Empire style common in Russia during this period.
In 1832 General-Adjutant Pavel Konstantinovich Aleksandrov, the illegitimate son of Grand Duke Konstantin Pavlovich, purchased the building and lived there with his wife Anna Alexandrovna. The couple regularly held balls in the residence, with frequent visitors including Alexander Pushkin. The house was passed onto their daughter Princess Alexandra Pavlovna Lvova, wife of Prince Dmitry Aleksandrovich Lvov, and between 1870-1871 the facade of the building was designed in Eclecticism style by Ferdinand Müller.
German Embassy.
In 1873 the German Ambassador declared an intention to acquire the building from Princess Lvova and the building was bought by the German Empire for housing the German Embassy to the Russian Empire that same year. The Germans commissioned architect Rudolf Bernhard to redecorate the buildings interiors, and in 1889 Ivan Schlupp redesigned the building by adding a second floor over a part of the facade on Bolshaya Morskaya Street. 
In 1911-1913 the building was again redesigned, this time in Neoclassical style by German architect Peter Behrens, as a grandiose monument the power of a unified Germany. Behrens' design, which Albert Speer reported Adolf Hitler admired, saw the facade of the building being built in red granite, the frontispiece, reminiscent of Ancient Greek architecture, was completed with 14 columns, and decorated with pilasters. Ludwig Mies van der Rohe served as construction manager on the project, and sculptor Eberhard Enke created the Castor and Pollux sculpture, symbolising the reunion of the German nation, which adorned the tympanum. Other prominent German masters created paintings, sculptures and fretwork to adorn the building. The Embassy building was officially opened on 14 January 1913.
The artistic community in Saint Petersburg held negative opinions of the building, with prominent members of the community, Alexandre Benois, Nikolay Wrangel and Georgy Lukomsky, criticising the Teutonic style of the building as being hostile to the architectural style of the city, and due to it differing greatly from the Russian neoclassical revival style. 
It was rumoured at the time that the Embassy was linked to the German–owned Hotel Astoria via an underground tunnel, and on 1–2 August 1914, after Germany declared war on Russia, crowds stormed the building as anti-German sentiment took hold in the city. The building sustained considerable damage, with crowds torching the throne room of Kaiser Wilhelm II, destroying Greek and Italian art work and a collection of Sèvres porcelain. The Dioskouroi sculpture from the roof disappeared during this time, and rumours abounded that it was dumped in the Moika River by the crowd, however, researchers have been unable to find any fragments of the sculpture in the river.
After the war, the Germans returned to the city in 1922, at the time known as Petrograd, and operated a consulate from the building, representing the Weimar Republic and later Nazi Germany, until 1939. During the Siege of Leningrad, the Red Army operated a hospital in the premises, and after the Great Patriotic War it housed the Institute of Semiconductor Physics. Later tenants of the building have included Intourist, Dresdner Bank and the Committee for the Management of City Property of the Saint Petersburg City Administration (). Today the building houses the Administration Board of the Ministry of Justice and the Chief Technical Commission to the President of the Russian Federation for the Northwestern Federal District.
Restoration of the building began in 2001, and with the support of Rossvyazokhrankultura and Governor Valentina Matvienko, in a project estimated at 170 million rubles, a group of restorers led by OOO «StroyTREST» are planning to recreate the Dioskouroi sculpture for placement on the tympanum of the building. Plans have been in the works for several years to replace the sculpture, and the warm relations between Russia and Germany have created the right political atmosphere for the restoration of the building to its former glory.

</doc>
<doc id="19923846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923846" title="Sarangbang">
Sarangbang

Sarangbang (사랑방, 舍廊房) is a room located in a Korean traditional house (hanok) which served as man's room, used for studying, writing poetry, and leisure activities. The Koreans created the sarangbang strictly following the Confucianism principles of the Joseon Dynasty. In lower-class homes, the sarangbang is located across from the women's space (anbang), separated with a hall called daecheong. One of the characteristics of the sarangbang is that it usually has a separate study called a sarangchae. The sarangchae is forbidden to women and only men can enter it.

</doc>
<doc id="19923849" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923849" title="Blarney GAA">
Blarney GAA

Blarney GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club based in the town of Blarney, County Cork, Ireland. The club fields Gaelic football, hurling and camogie teams in competitions organized by Cork GAA county board and the Muskerry divisional board. In 2008,the club won the Premier division of the Cork Intermediate Hurling Championship, and played in the Cork Senior Hurling Championship in 2009.
History.
Blarney GAA was formed in 1884 and is one of the oldest GAA clubs in Ireland.
2008 was a very successful year this the club's roll of honour of 2008
2009 Honours to Date:

</doc>
<doc id="19923853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923853" title="Vladislav Kormtshikov">
Vladislav Kormtshikov

Vladislav Kormtshikov (; "Vladislav Kormshchikov", born 1967) is a Russian ski-orienteering competitor and world champion. He received a gold medal in the "long distance" at the 2000 World Ski Orienteering Championships in Krasnoyarsk.

</doc>
<doc id="19923872" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923872" title="Associated British Oil Engine Company">
Associated British Oil Engine Company

The Associated British Oil Engine Company (ABOE) was a British engineering company. It started life as a combine, similar to Agricultural & General Engineers. Petters Limited joined ABOE in 1937. J&H McLaren & Co. was sold to ABOE in 1943, although it may have been a member from an earlier date. In 1945 Mirrlees, Bickerton and Day joined the group followed by the National Gas and Oil Engine company in 1950.
Later, ABOE became a more conventional company as the oil engine division of the Brush-ABOE Group of Companies, an ancestor of Brush Traction.

</doc>
<doc id="19923875" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923875" title="Guy Calthrop">
Guy Calthrop

Sir Calthrop Guy Spencer Calthrop, 1st Baronet (26 March 1870 - 23 February 1919) was a British railway manager.
Biography.
Born in Uppingham, Rutland, his brother was Everard Calthrop, railway engineer. He entered the London and North Western Railway (LNWR) as a Cadet at the age of 16 in 1886. In 1892 he was appointed outdoor assistant to the Superintendent of the Line at Euston, and in 1894. In 1901 he became personal assistant to Sir Frederick Harrison. However, in 1902 Calthrop left the LNWR to take up a position as General Superintendent of the Caledonian Railway, and in 1908 was promoted to General Manager. In 1910 Calthrop left Britain to become General Manager of the Buenos Aires and Pacific Railway.
In 1913 Calthrop returned to Britain and the LNWR, where he was appointed General Manager of the LNWR in succession to Frank Ree, who died in 1914. During the First World War, Calthrop was seconded by the Government, who appointed him Controller of Mines. For this service, Calthrop was made a baronet of Croxley House, Hertfordshire in 1918. He died less than a year later however on 23 February 1919, and his baronetcy became extinct upon his death.

</doc>
<doc id="19923880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923880" title="Frederick, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg-Schaumburg-Hoym">
Frederick, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg-Schaumburg-Hoym

Frederick of Anhalt-Bernburg-Schaumburg-Hoym (Schaumburg, 29 November 1741 – Homburg vor der Höhe, 24 December 1812), was a German prince of the House of Ascania from the Anhalt-Bernburg branch and the last ruler of the principality of Anhalt-Bernburg-Schaumburg-Hoym. 
He was the fifth (but fourth surviving) son of Victor I, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg-Schaumburg-Hoym, but the first-born by his second wife, Countess Hedwig Sophie Henckel of Donnersmarck.
Life.
After the death of his father in 1772, Frederick and his brothers were excluded from the government of Anhalt-Bernburg-Schaumburg-Hoym by their older brother, Prince Karl Louis, until his death in 1806.
At the time of Karl Louis's death, Frederick was his only surviving brother and reclaimed the government from his nephew Prince Victor II. Frederick claimed that the primogeniture was never formally instaled in Anhalt-Bernburg-Schaumburg-Hoym and, according to the traditional laws of the House of Ascania, he had the right to share the government with Victor II. The dispute ended with the death of Victor II without male heirs on 22 April 1812, who left Frederick as the only living agnate of the branch and, in consequence, heir to the principality.
Reign.
Frederick's rule lasted only eight months until his death. Because he never married or had children, the line of Anhalt-Bernburg-Schaumburg-Hoym became extinct with him.
Succession.
His kinsman Duke Alexius of Anhalt-Bernburg inherited Hoym and the other lands obtained from the main branch of Anhalt-Bernburg in 1718 when the line was created; but the Counties of Holzappel and Schaumburg were inherited by his eldest grandniece, Hermine, by marriage Archduchess of Austria, as the senior heir of Elisabeth Charlotte Melander, who by treaty in 1690 gave her counties as a dowry to her youngest daughter, Princess Charlotte of Nassau-Dillenburg, then betrothed to Prince Lebrecht of Anhalt-Zeitz-Hoym. Hermine's son Archduke Stephen of Austria, Palatine of Hungary eventually inherited the Counties.

</doc>
<doc id="19923970" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923970" title="An Irish Evening">
An Irish Evening

An Irish Evening: Live at the Grand Opera House, Belfast is an album by The Chieftains. The album is a live recording of a concert (over two nights) in Belfast, Northern Ireland. The band invited on stage Roger Daltrey, lead singer of the British band The Who, and American folk singer Nanci Griffith to join them for several songs.

</doc>
<doc id="19923974" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923974" title="Joe vs. Joe">
Joe vs. Joe

Joe vs. Joe (ふたりのジョーFutari no Joe) is a Japanese animated OVA (original video animation) consisting of six episodes. The show was produced by the studio Proudman.
"Joe vs. Joe" tells the story of two youths from totally opposite lifestyles. The only way they can overcome their own personal troubles in the story is to fight each other in the ring.
The animation is a spiritual successor of "Tomorrow's Joe" (あしたのジョー Ashita no Joe), one of the first dramatic animations to ever be created globally, which was originally broadcast on April 1, 1970 in Japan. "Joe vs. Joe" was a direct-to-video release and was never broadcast.
Episodes.
Two Joes from different economic backgrounds, one came from a wealthy family and the other, from a poverty-stricken one: One is Shibuya's city's top DJ, and the other is a parcel delivery man. Two different Joes living an opposite life, both walk on different paths until one day their roads are merged by faith in the boxing ring.
Fateful encounter.
After his DJ gig at a nightclub, Joe Yuuki encountered a drunk girl named Maki Takakura. At first, he ignored her, because he thought Maki was just another prowling drunk in the street. But as Joe Yuuki walked away, he noticed she was being attacked by a group of Yakuza. He rescued her; this was the first time he met his future girlfriend.
Meanwhile, Joe Akamine is a truck driver and package delivery person. He went to a boxing gym to keep himself fit. He was not taking boxing seriously, although deep down he loves it. Joe Akamine had his own reason for not being serious.
Once a week, Joe Akamine goes down to the city streets to put up a street show as a human punching bag. He will let people hit him, and he will not throw punches back. But in return, he will try to dodge all the attacks. As he was "performing", Joe Yuuki noticed him. As curiosity got Joe Yuuki's attention, it made him remember about his dark past. He soon became annoyed, and he decided to participate. He was knocked out by Joe Akamine.
Seal the Nightmare.
After the incident with Joe Yuuki, Joe Akamine started to think about Yuuki's remarks, and those words motivated him to continue with boxing. By the same token, both Ryuichi and George Takizawa encouraged him to become a professional boxer by convincing him that he was one-of-a-kind and a natural talented boxer. Moreover, Ryuichi demanded that Joe Akamine either take boxing seriously, or else just quit. This made Joe Akamine befuddled and confused. He then assured himself that he will continue doing what he loves the most.
The Snowy Illusion.
After losing the match with Joe Akamine on the street, Joe Yuuki decided to pursue the next boxing championship as retribution. He joined Matsuda Boxing Gym in Shibuya for his training. Joe Yuuki was a proud man, and his antipathy toward losing made him embrace boxing. Joe Yuuki did not know that Joe Akamine was a professional boxer as well. Consequently, Joe Yuuki diverted his ambition of becoming champion into an avid pursuit of humiliating Joe Akamine’s boxing career.

</doc>
<doc id="19923977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923977" title="Kyra Petrovskaya Wayne">
Kyra Petrovskaya Wayne

Kyra Petrovskaya Wayne (born December 31, 1918, Crimea) is a Russian-born American author. She is a survivor of the Siege of Leningrad, and in Russia, she was an actress who married an American diplomat and came to the United States as a war bride, becoming the author of 14 books. Among her various activities in America, she made many appearances on television programs, gave lectures on literature and history on cruise ships, and sang on concert stages.
Early life.
Kyra was born in the Crimea, on the coast of the Black Sea in 1918. She is the descendant of one of the Russian noble families. Her father was a pilot during World War I. He was executed by the Bolshevik firing squad after the Russian Revolution, when Kyra was 7 months old. Her young mother never remarried, and they lived in poverty in Leningrad with her grandmother. They lost all the males of their family in the civil war that followed the Russian Revolution. 
At age 8, Kyra was admitted into a school for musically gifted children, the Leningrad Academic Capella, and became a member of the children’s group of the Kirov Theater of Opera and Ballet. Even though she was studying music, she had to go through military training: All Soviet schools had to spend a certain amount of time on military education—marching, learning about guns, and competitive shooting. Kyra was a good marksman, and at 16 she won a top shooting medal, the Voroshilov Sniper. After graduation, she entered the Institute of Theater Arts and became an actress and concert singer.
The Siege of Leningrad.
She was drafted into the Red Army in 1941 at the beginning of the Siege of Leningrad and became a sharpshooter and a lieutenant. During this tragic period, almost 1 million people died in Leningrad of starvation, including Kyra’s mother and grandmother, who died while she was in the army.
After being wounded twice, Kyra returned to service as a field nurse. During that time, she rescued a homeless orphan boy, who later became the subject of her book, Shurik. Toward the end of the war, she was decorated with three medals. She left for Moscow in 1943 and joined the Moscow Satire Theatre, renewing her artistic career.
Moving to the United States.
Because Kyra spoke several foreign languages fluently, she was invited to various diplomatic receptions as a representative of the Young Soviet Intelligentsia. It was there that she met her future husband, an American diplomat named Shirk. In February 1946, they married, in the first church service between a foreigner and a Russian since the Revolution. Perhaps because the wedding was attended by the whole diplomatic corps stationed in Moscow at that time, she was given permission to leave Russia with her husband. They left for the United States a few months later. 
Kyra hoped to continue her theatrical career in the United States and went to several auditions but without success, mainly because of her accent. Her husband bought a farm in Pennsylvania, but neither one of them knew anything about farming. They worked hard on the farm, and Kyra continued to sing. She had a musical program called "Interlude with Kyra" on a television channel in Pennsylvania. She also was invited to join International Platform Association and began a thriving career as a speaker.
After nine years of marriage, she and her husband divorced, and Kyra moved to Los Angeles, where she became a contestant on Groucho Marx’s show "You Bet Your Life". In 1955 she appeared on the show "Big Surprise", but failed to win the $100,000 jackpot.
She was offered a contract by a publisher to write her autobiography, and in 1959, "Kyra", her first book, was published by Prentice-Hall. The TV appearance also led to more television and concert invitations. Unfortunately, Kyra had to stop singing many years later when a nerve of her vocal cord was nipped during a thyroid surgery.
In 1960, she met and married Dr. George Wayne, a distinguished psychiatrist. They traveled extensively, leading to Kyra becoming an enrichment lecturer on Royal Viking Line cruises, which she pursued for 10 years. Her husband died in 1994. Kyra has one son and five grandchildren. She is passionate about dogs, some of which are the subjects of her books.
Her writing.
Writing has been part of her life from a very young age. A story she wrote at age 7 was published in a school magazine. In a special after-school playwriting program, she was part of a group of 10 students who created a Russian version of Huckleberry Finn for children’s theater, which, she believes is still being performed in Russia. After the success of her autobiography, Kyra wrote 13 more books on various subjects from Greek mythology to Russian cooking and from Russian-American history to young adult novels.
Other activities.
In the 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s, Kyra was active in many cultural and civic organizations, receiving many awards and commendations. In the 1980s, she was the founder and president of the Clean Air Program (CAP), a program of the American Lung Association of Los Angeles County—intended to eradicate smog. She was president of the UCLA Medical Faculty Wives, a member of the board of ISOMATA, an international school of music and the arts, an affiliate of USC, and several other Los Angeles-based cultural organizations.

</doc>
<doc id="19923980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923980" title="Viktor Korchagin">
Viktor Korchagin

Viktor Korchagin (born 7 August 1967) is a Russian ski-orienteering competitor and world champion. He received a gold medal in the "long distance" at the 1998 World Ski Orienteering Championships in Windischgarsten.

</doc>
<doc id="19923982" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923982" title="Messerschmitt M 28">
Messerschmitt M 28

__NOTOC__
The Messerschmitt M 28 was a mail plane developed in Germany in the early 1930s to meet a requirement by Deutsche Luft Hansa. It was a single-engine, low-wing cantilever monoplane of conventional design with an enclosed cockpit and fixed, tailskid undercarriage.
Despite successful trials, Luft Hansa changed its requirement and did not purchase the design, possibly due at least in part to the enmity of Luft Hansa director Erhard Milch towards Messerschmitt. This would be Messerschmitt's final attempt to market a commercial aircraft in Germany (the Messerschmitt M 36 was designed specifically for Rumania), with the company subsequently returning to the production of sport aircraft instead.

</doc>
<doc id="19923987" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923987" title="Kyontawa">
Kyontawa

Kyontawa may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19923995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19923995" title="2009 CAF Champions League">
2009 CAF Champions League

The 2009 CAF Champions League is the 45th edition of Africa's premier club football tournament organized by the Confederation of African Football (CAF), and the 13th edition under the current CAF Champions League format. The winner will participate in the 2009 FIFA Club World Cup and the 2010 CAF Super Cup.
Qualification.
Below is the qualification scheme for the competition. Nations are shown according to their CAF 5-Year Ranking - those with a ranking score have their rank and score indicated:
"Italicised" clubs withdrew without playing.
Bolded clubs received a bye in the preliminary round, entering the tournament in the first round.
Unranked associations have no ranking points and hence are equal 23rd (Malawi - ranked =18th - did not enter a champion this year).
TH Title holders
1 The champions of Congo DR, South Africa, Sudan, and Tunisia were not given byes in the first stage although the runners-up were. Unlike European tournaments, seeding within the CAF draws is based on performance in continental tournaments only.
2 The 2007–08 Egyptian Premier League runner-up, Ismaily opted not to enter this competition, choosing instead to play in the 2008–09 Arab Champions League. The third-placed Egyptian side, Al-Zamalek were not allowed to replace them as the CAF Champions League regulations allow only national champions and runners-up to compete.
3 2008 Réunion Premier League Champion, JS Saint-Pierroise, banned from African club competitions after withdrawing from the 2007 CAF Champions League.
Preliminary round.
The preliminary round first legs were played on 30 January-1 February, and the second legs on 13–15 February 2009.
1 Played over one leg after first leg cancelled due to political violence in Madagascar
Dispensation round.
Two federations inscribed their clubs after the deadline, but were admitted for an intermediate round. However, the winning club could only gain access to the first round if another winning club from the preliminary round withdrew subsequently. The first leg was played on 22 February, and the second leg on 8 March 2009.
As no side withdrew from the first round, Akonangui were effectively eliminated as well.
First Round.
The first round first legs were played on 13–15 March, and the second legs on 3–6 April 2009.
Second Round.
The first leg will be on 17–19 April and the second leg on 1–3 May.
Group stage.
The draw for the group stage was held on May 7 in CAF headquarters in Cairo.
Étoile du Sahel and Al-Merreikh were seeded as level I, while TP Mazembe and Al-Hilal were seeded as level II.
Semi finals.
The first legs were scheduled for 4 October and the second legs for 17–18 October.
Heartland won 5 – 0 on aggregate.
TP Mazembe won 5 – 4 on aggregate.
The Nigerian Football Federation requested the second leg of the Heartland - Kano Pillars semi final be rescheduled from 17 October due to preparations for the 2009 FIFA U-17 World Cup
Final.
The first leg was held on 1 November and the second leg on 7 November.
2 – 2 on aggregate. TP Mazembe won on the away goals rule.
Leading goal scorers.
"Last updated 2 August"

</doc>
<doc id="19924018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924018" title="Jens Carl Peter Brandt">
Jens Carl Peter Brandt

Jens Carl Peter Brandt (20 June 1848 – 10 August 1912) was a Norwegian businessperson and politician for the Conservative Party.
He was born at Froen in Frogn as the son of Captain Ole Peter Brandt and his wife Mathilde Kristine Brandt. The family still owns this manor.
He finished his secondary education in 1865 and graduated with the cand.jur. degree in 1869. He then worked six years as an attorney, before taking over his family manor in 1875. In addition to a farm, the manor had a mill, a sawmill, a planing mill and a brickworks. He was also among the co-founders of the local savings bank in 1884, and was chairman of the board there.
Brandt was a member of Frogn municipal council from 1884 to 1912, serving many years as mayor. He was elected to the Parliament of Norway in 1900 and 1903, representing the constituency of Akershus Amt. Brandt was also a deputy member of the Norwegian Nobel Committee. He died in August 1912.

</doc>
<doc id="19924024" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924024" title="McLaren M29">
McLaren M29

The McLaren M29 is a Formula One racing car built and run by McLaren during part of both the 1979 Formula One World Championship and the 1980 Formula One World Championship. The F version was built in 1979, but ran during five races of the 1981 Formula One World Championship. The M29F was the last of the M-numbered cars, as later in the season, the McLaren MP4/1 was readied for use in the championship, with the MP4-numbered cars still in use currently in Formula One.

</doc>
<doc id="19924026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924026" title="Partridge and Orange">
Partridge and Orange

The Partridge and Orange is an Artificial fly commonly categorized as a wet fly or soft hackle and is fished under the water surface. The fly is a well known fly with its roots set firmly in English angling history. It is an impressionistic pattern fished successfully during caddis hatches and spinner falls. The Partridge and Orange is traditionally a trout and grayling pattern but may be used for other aquatic insect feeding species.
Origin.
Soft-hackled flies as they are known today and in particular "The Partridge and Orange" originated in the north country of England and were first described in T. E. Pritt's "Yorkshire Trout Flies" (1895) although even Pritt gave credit to earlier versions under different names. Pritt was the Angling Editor of the Yorkshire Post at the time.
Sylvester Nemes in "The Soft-hackled Fly" popularized this style of artificial fly in the early 1980s while giving credit to Pritt and many others for the evolution of this genera of pattern which had also been known as "spiders."
Imitates.
The Partridge and Orange resembles emerging caddis pupa, diving adult caddis or sunken may fly spinners
Variations and sizes.
The Partridge and Orange is typically tied on standard wet fly and nymph hooks unweighted but may be tied on short caddis pupa hooks. Some tiers tie a bead head version. The gold ribbing may be omitted or replaced with a thread ribbing. There are similar versions of this fly known as the "Partridge and Yellow" and the "Partridge and Green". Many tiers include a small section of fur dubbing for a thorax. Soft-hackle nymphs based on the Partridge and Orange design are tied with a wide variety of quill, feather and dubbed bodies.

</doc>
<doc id="19924038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924038" title="Kyontawa, Burma">
Kyontawa, Burma

Kyontawa is a populated area in Ayeyarwady Division, Myanmar (also known as Burma).

</doc>
<doc id="19924042" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924042" title="Centenary World Cup">
Centenary World Cup

Centenary World Cup may refer to.

</doc>
<doc id="19924051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924051" title="Jesse Purnell">
Jesse Purnell

Jesse Rhoades Purnell (May 11, 1881 to July 4, 1966), was a Major League Baseball third baseman who played in with the Philadelphia Phillies. He batted left and threw right-handed. Purnell had two hits in 19 at-bats in seven career games. He was born in Glenside, Pennsylvania, and died in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

</doc>
<doc id="19924079" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924079" title="Princedom of Albania">
Princedom of Albania

Princedom of Albania (1368–1392) was an Albanian principality formed after the disestablishment of Kingdom of Albania, by Karl Thopia. The principality changed hands between the Thopia dynasty and the Balsha dynasty, until 1392, when Durrës was annexed by the Republic of Venice.
Creation.
In 1358, Karlo rose against the rule of the Anjou and could drive them out up to Durrës from Epirus and Albania. It prevailed from 1358 to 1387 over far parts of central Albania and called themselves Princeps Albaniae.
Since 1362, Karlo sought himself to set Durrës, which was in the possession of the Duchess Johanna of Anjou, also into the possession of the city. The first, certainly still unsuccessful siege lasted from April 1362 until May 1363. Then, Thopia had to withdraw his troops, who were weakened by an epidemic disease. Only in 1367 could Karlo conquer Durrës, who had attained in the meantime the tacit agreement of the Venetians for his project and make important port his residence. 
Karlo gained control of Durrës in 1368, which was where the Angevins held out due to their Kingdom becoming smaller in size. This event caused the Kingdom of Albania to end.
Balša dynasty.
Balša II made a fourth attempt to conquer Durrës, an important commercial and strategetic center, which was ruled by rival, Karl Thopia. In 1382, Balša II began a war and seized Durrës. In 1385, the defeated Karl Thopia, appealed to Murad I for support against his rivals, the House of Balšić of the Principality of Zeta. This was the equivalent of inviting the Ottoman Empire into Albania in order to help him defeat his rivals of the Balšić family. 
This attempt caused an Ottoman force, led by Hayreddin Pasha, to quickly march into Albania along the Via Egnatia. The Ottoman force routed the Balšas by inflicting heavy defeats on Balša II's forces. Balša II himself was killed in a big battle on Saurian Field () near Berat in 1385, ending the Balša family's rule over Durrës. In 1392 the Princedom of Albania fell under the Republic of Venice.

</doc>
<doc id="19924091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924091" title="Ivan Kuzmin">
Ivan Kuzmin

Ivan Kuzmin (born 1962) is a Russian ski-orienteering competitor and world champion. He received a gold medal in the "short distance" at the 1994 World Ski Orienteering Championships in Val di Non, shared with Nicolo Corradini.

</doc>
<doc id="19924096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924096" title="County Championship (rugby union)">
County Championship (rugby union)

The County Championship is an annual rugby union competition in England between teams representing English counties. After restructuring in 2007 the top tier of the Championship has been known as the Bill Beaumont Cup, after the trophy awarded to the competition winners was named in honour of Bill Beaumont, a former England and British & Irish Lions captain.[http://www.rfu.com/index.cfm/fuseaction/RFUHome.Community_Detail/StoryID/13896] Teams also compete for the County Championship Shield and County Championship Plate.
The English County Championship has a long history, being first officially recognised by the Rugby Football Union in 1889. The 2013 Championship was the 113th competition. The most successful county, Lancashire, has won the competition 22 times, followed by Gloucestershire (17) and Yorkshire (15). Gloucestershire (33) and Lancashire (31) have made the most appearances in contested finals.
On four occasions the tournament final has been tied at full-time and a second leg rematch has been played. Two of these rematches were also tied and on these occasions (1907 and 1967) the finalists were declared joint winners. In 1991 the final match between Cornwall and Yorkshire was tied at full-time and extra time was played, with Cornwall winning 29-20.
In 2001 the Championship did not take place due to foot and mouth. Instead Yorkshire and Cornwall were invited to play at Twickenham.
Structure.
There was little formal structure to the first official years of the competition, with teams playing different numbers of matches and different opposition from across England. The winners were determined by a panel of judges from the RFU Committee. From 1892-1895, the four winners of four regional Championships (North East, North West, South East and South West) played a round robin to determine the overall winner of the County Championship.
A restructure in 1896, led to the creation of North and South regions only, the winners of these regional competitions playing a final for the County Championship. Another restructure in 1921 saw the formation of 5 regions and the knock-out stage of the championship extend to semi-finals and a final. The winners of the North East, North West and South East regions were entered into a semi-final draw along with the winners of a playoff between the winners of the South and South West regions.
Since 2007, the top 8 counties have been split into two regions of 4 teams, North and South, who play a round robin tournament, the winners of which compete for the English County Championship in the final. This format is repeated for the 8 counties that compete for the County Championship Shield. The 11 counties which compete for the County Championship Plate are split into 3 pools from which the winners and runner-up with the best record meet in semi-final matches.
Past winners.
From 1984 all Championship finals were played at Twickenham.
Championships by county.
Cumbria, a 1974 almagamation of the former counties of Cumberland and Westmoreland, is shown separately from Cumberland.
"Eastern Counties" and "Notts, Lincs & Derby" have reached the final but have never won the championship.

</doc>
<doc id="19924108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924108" title="Arne Fliflet">
Arne Fliflet

Arne Fliflet (born 21 May 1946) is a Norwegian jurist and civil servant.
He graduated as cand.jur. in 1971. After some years as a university lector at the University of Oslo, he worked as a deputy judge in Sunnfjord from 1974 to 1975. He was then a lawyer from 1975 to 1990, both in the private and public sector. He was appointed Norwegian Parliamentary Ombudsman for Public Administration in 1990.
References.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19924149" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924149" title="Cliff Watson (speedway rider)">
Cliff Watson (speedway rider)

Cliff Watson (28 August 1916 – 1989) was a former international speedway motorcyclist who qualified for the Speedway World Championship final in 1949.
Career summary.
Watson was born in Christchurch, New Zealand, but moved to Australia and represented the Australian national team at test level.
He joined the West Ham Hammers in 1947, progressing to heat leader status in 1949 and qualifying for the World final the same year. In 1950, after a poor start to the season with West Ham he joined the Harringay Racers and remained with them until the end of the following season. He rejoined the Hammers in 1952 but after a poor start to the 1953 season he decided to retire and return to Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19924155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924155" title="Obispo Santistevan Province">
Obispo Santistevan Province

Obispo Santistevan (or: "Santiesteban") is one of the fifteen provinces of the Bolivian Santa Cruz department and is situated in the department's western parts. The province was founded on 2 December 1941, and its name honors Obispo Santistevan (1843–1931), famous supporter of the building of Santa Cruz Cathedral.
Location.
"Obispo Santistevan" Province is located between 16° 02' and 17° 24' South and between 63° 02' and 64° 15' West. It extends over a length of 280 km from Northwest to Southeast, and up to 45 km from West to East. The province's border to the neighbouring provinces in the East and Northeast is formed by Río Grande.
The province is situated in the Bolivian lowlands and borders Ichilo Province in the Northwest, Sara Province in the Southwest, Ignacio Warnes Province in the Southeast, Ñuflo de Chávez Province in the East, and Guarayos Province in the Northeast.
Population.
The population of Obispo Santistevan Province has increased by 75% over the recent two decades:
Division.
The province comprises three municipios:

</doc>
<doc id="19924182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924182" title="DVAS">
DVAS

DVAS (Dietzche V. & the Abominable Snowman) is a Canadian electronic dance music group formed in 2003 in Toronto. DVAS signed to Upper Class Recordings, the Toronto-based label responsible for notable artists The Russian Futurists, Cadence Weapon, Girlsareshort (MSTRKRFT Al-P’s original project) and The Cansecos in 2009.
With a basis in Disco and Hi-NRG, DVAS was co-founded by Canadian musicians Jered Stuffco and Darren Veres in 2003 in Edmonton, Alberta.

</doc>
<doc id="19924194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924194" title="Ruslan Gritsan">
Ruslan Gritsan

Ruslan Gritsan (born 7 December 1978 in Moscow) is a Russian competitor and multiple world champion in both ski-orienteering and mountain bike orienteering.
Ski orienteering career.
At the 1998 Junior World Ski Orienteering Championships Grislan won gold medals in both the classic distance and the short distance. 
He won a gold medal in the short distance at the 2005 World Ski Orienteering Championships in Levi, shared with Andrei Gruzdev. He won gold medals in the relay with the Russian team in 2002, 2004 and 2005. In 2002 the Russian team consisted of Andrei Gruzdev, Gristan, Viktor Korchagin and Eduard Khrennikov, and the team won gold ahead of Finland. The 2004 team consisted of Vasily Glukharev, Andrei Gruzdev, Gritsan and Eduard Khrennikov, winning ahead of the Norwegian team. In 2005 Gruzdev, Gritsan and Khrennikov won the relay ahead of Finland.
Mountain bike orienteering career.
At the 2004 World MTB Orienteering Championships in Ballarat Gritslan placed tenth in the middle, 32nd in the long, and sixth in the relay. At the 2005 World Championships in Banska Bystrica he won a gold medal in the middle distance, a gold medal in the long distance, and placed fourth with the Russian relay team. At the 2006 Championships in Joensuu he won a bronze medal in the middle distance, a silver medal in the long distance, and a silver medal in the relay with the Russian team, behind Finland. At the 2007 World MTB Orienteering Championships in Nove Mesto na Morave he won a gold medal in the long distance, placed fourth in the sprint, 57th in the middle distance, and fourth in the relay. At the 2008 World MTB Orienteering Championships in Ostróda, he won a gold medal in the long distance and a silver meal in the relay. In Ben Shemen in 2009 he won a silver medal in the long distance, a bronze medal in the sprint, and a gold medal in the relay. At the 2010 World Championships in Montalegre he won a gold medal with the Russian relay team, together with Valeriy Gluhov and Anton Foliforov. He placed fourth in the middle distance, and tenth in the long distance.

</doc>
<doc id="19924196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924196" title="Farme Castle">
Farme Castle

Farme Castle was located in Rutherglen, to the south-west of Glasgow, Scotland. It stood east of Farme Cross where the A724 meets the A749 trunk road. The castle keep acted as one corner of a courtyard, formed by an extension in the form of a castellated mansion. High walls and subsidiary buildings completed the courtyard. There was an ornate arched gateway to the courtyard adjacent to the keep. The old keep was of three storeys and a garret, above a corbelled-out parapet with machicolations and water spouts. An old ceiling was removed in 1917 to reveal an ancient wooden ceiling, which carried writing alluding to the Stewarts, and the date was 1325. 
The castle was a simple keep of the 15th century, possibly built on an older core. Robert the Bruce had granted the Farme Castle estate to Walter The Steward. The estate later passed to the Douglases. From 1482 to 1599 it belonged to the Crawfords, and became known as Crawford’s Farme. It was demolished in the 1960s, by which time it was being used as a repository for redundant mining equipment.

</doc>
<doc id="19924214" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924214" title="Snake River Land Company Residence and Office">
Snake River Land Company Residence and Office

The Snake River Land Company Residence and Office are structures associated with John D. Rockefeller, Jr.'s acquisition of land in Jackson Hole, Wyoming. Under the guise of the Snake River Land Company, Rockefeller bought much of the land that he eventually donated to the National Park Service, first as Jackson Hole National Monument and a year later as Grand Teton National Park. The buildings are located in the park, in the community of Moran. They served as the residence and office for SRLC vice president Harold Fabian and foreman J. Allan from 1930 to 1945. The buildings are still used by the National Park Service. The property was owned from 1926 to 1930 by John Hogan, a retired politician from the eastern United States. The Snake River Land Company bought the property in 1930.
The ranch buildings were built by John Hogan, a retired politician from the East, who bought William Carter's homestead in 1926 for use as a guest ranch and fox farm. Hogan built the main residence and the blacksmith shop.Four guest cabins a barn and an ice house no longer exist. The Snake River Land Company bought the property from Hogan in 1930, adding onto the house and building a log garage.
The house, also known as Building 117 and as "Buffalo Dorm", is a 1-1/2 story log structure dating to "circa" 1926. The original central gabled block was flanked by shed-roofed extensions on the east and west sides, with the stone chimney centered in the eastern side. A later shed-roofed addition covers the front of the central unit. A further gable-roofed addition covers much of the western shed wing. The main entry opens into a large office, with a living room to the north and a kitchen and pantry to the west. The sun room, an enclosed former porch, is reached from the living room. The living room hs a raised ceiling that forms the floor of the storage loft above. The stone fireplace dominates the room, with bookshelves to either side. Three bedrooms and a bathroom are in the northwestern portion of the house. On the second floor a central landing leads to two bedrooms on the south and southeast and a storage loft (stated to be "bat infested") to the northeast. The interiors retain many of their historic furnishings and contribute to the ranch's significance. 
Harold and Josephine Fabian moved to the Geraldine Lucas Homestead in 1945. The Jackson Hole Preserve, which had succeeded the Snake River Land Company, used the house as a residence for Sonny Allen, manager of the nearby Jackson Hole Wildlife Park at Oxbow Bend. The house was taken over by the Park Service and used as a dormitory before being abandoned.
The house was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19924229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924229" title="Levi Fox bibliography">
Levi Fox bibliography

Dr. Levi Fox OBE, DL, MA, FSA, FRHistS, FRSL (28 August 1914 – 3 September 2006), was an author of numerous articles and books, particularly on topics relating to William Shakespeare and local history.

</doc>
<doc id="19924236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924236" title="Colin Gwyer &amp; Associates Ltd v London Wharf (Limehouse) Ltd">
Colin Gwyer &amp; Associates Ltd v London Wharf (Limehouse) Ltd

Colin Gwyer & Associates Ltd v London Wharf (Limehouse) Ltd BCC 885 (also, "Eaton Bray Ltd v Palmer") is a UK insolvency law and company law case concerning directors' duties. It recognised that directors owe fiduciary duties to creditors when a company is on the verge of insolvency.
Facts.
London Wharf (Limehouse) Ltd was a company set up to manage three flats at 28 Narrow Street, just near the Thames in London. Colin Gwyer & Associates Ltd owned flat one on the ground floor. Mr Gwyer owned that company. Mr Palmer owned flat two and Eaton Bray Ltd owned flat three. Each had one share in the company, which held the head lease. They did not get along. Mr Gwyer had been carrying out building work. It disturbed them. He did it without their permission, in breach of covenant. It disturbed Eaton Bray Ltd in particular, which brought proceedings to make Mr Gwyer's company forfeit the lease. Meanwhile London Wharf (Limehouse) Ltd was teetering on the verge of insolvency. Then Mr Gwyer nominated his builder (Mr Howell) to the board of the company. Eaton Bray Ltd was even more upset, and its nominated director refused to attend a board meeting to resolve the dispute. Mr Palmer wanted it settled. Mr Palmer and Mr Howell resolved that Mr Gwyer's terms for settling the matter would be accepted. Eaton Bray Ltd sued, arguing the resolution was ineffective because it was breach of a fiduciary duty.
Judgment.
Leslie Kosmin QC held that the board meeting was validly convened and was quorate. Although London Wharf's articles of association allowed Mr Howell to vote on a resolution in which he had an interest, the provision' existence did not relieve him of a general duty to act in good faith for the interests of London Wharf. When they passed the resolution, the two directors were in breach of fiduciary duty. Moreover, since insolvency was imminent, they also had a duty to act in the interests of company creditors. They did not properly consider creditors either. Therefore the resolution accepting the settlement was invalid.

</doc>
<doc id="19924237" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924237" title="Francisca Valenzuela">
Francisca Valenzuela

Francisca Valenzuela (born March 17, 1987 in San Francisco, California) is a Chilean singer, songwriter, poet, and composer. Valenzuela was born and raised in San Francisco, California, where she resided until the age of 12, before moving to Santiago, Chile. She gained to popularity in Chile and Latin America, following the release of her debut album, "Muérdete La Lengua" in June 2007. Her sophomore album, "Buen Soldado" followed in March 2011. Valenzuela has earned both gold and platinum album certification in her native Chile.
Early life.
Francisca Valenzuela was born in San Francisco, California to Chilean-born scientists, Pablo Valenzuela Valdés and Bernardita Méndez Velasco. She is the fourth oldest and only daughter of five children. Valenzuela attended Park Day School in nearby Oakland, California. At a very early age, Valenzuela demonstrated an interest in music and began taking music lessons at the age of 7. By age ten, she was playing acoustic guitar and continued studying classical piano. During summer vacations and Christmas, she and her brothers would travel to Santiago, where they would visit relatives. Eventually, the family would make the permanent move to Santiago, when Francisca was 12. Valenzuela attended Saint George's College, an elite private school in the Vitacura neighborhood of Santiago.
In 2000, Francisca published her first book,""Defenseless Waters"", a collection of her poems. She released her second book,""Abejorros/Madurar"", which was distributed in Spain and Latin America in 2001. As part a promotional tour for ""Defenseless Waters"", she brought her guitar and keyboard to venues in northern California, where she gave poetry readings and performed songs of her own composition. Valenzuela is fluent in English and Spanish, and often composes songs in both languages. Although she and her family still live in Santiago, Valenzuela often returns to San Francisco to visit.
Music career.
2004-2007: Debut album: "Muérdete la Lengua".
Shortly after the release of her first book, Francisca and her family moved to Santiago, Chile when she was 13. While residing in Chile, Francisca took part as singer in school festivals, where she performed her original songs. In 2004, she attended an intensive jazz program at the Berklee College School of Music in Boston.
In 2006, Valenzuela released her first solo single, "Peces", which she wrote at age 13. Within a few months after its release, "Peces" gained popularity on Chilean radio. "Peces" was recognized by Rolling Stone magazine in Chile, as one of the best 100 songs of the year 2006. Due to the success of her first unofficial single, Valenzuela began recording her debut album in Santiago. Brothers Mauricio and Francisco Durán of Los Bunkers produced the album. Towards the end of 2006, she released her second single "Dulce". "Dulce" reached number two on the national charts in Chile.
To add more achievements to her short musical career, on May 19, 2007, she was invited by Julieta Venegas to open her concert at Teatro Caupolicán. On June 30, 2007, her debut album, "Muérdete La Lengua" was released in Chile. The Chilean press quickly dubbed her as "The Princess of Rock", calling her," new musical revelation". Soon after its release, the album was certified as Gold in Chile. Valenzuela performed in New York City at the annual LAMC conference in July 2008. This was Valenzuela's first musical exposure in the US and gave her an opportunity to showcase her music outside of Latin America. To promote her debut album, Valenzuela performed at various venues across Chile, as well as Mexico, Argentina, and other countries throughout Latin America.
2009–2012: Second studio album "Buen Soldado".
In early 2009, Valenzuela began the pre-production stages for her second album in Santiago and Berlin. She contributed to the Chilean water conservation documentary "H2O:Cero", by composing a new song called "En Blanco" for the film. She has also participated in the album tribute for Violeta Parra, recording a new version of "Run Run Se Fue Pa'l Norte" as well as recording a version of Inti-Illimani's song "Vuelvo".
In 2009, she collaborated with Chilean rapper, Latin Bitman for his album "Colour"; Valenzuela co-wrote and sang two songs, "Help Me" and "Someday". "Help Me" was later released as a single in the United States and Chile and a music video was also filmed in Los Angeles in November 2009. In August 2010, Valenzuela began recording for her second studio album in Santiago. Production on the album was completed in late 2010. On January 1, 2011, Valenzuela released in digital formats her first single "Quiero Verte Más" from her second studio album called "Buen Soldado"; the album was released on March 3, 2011 in Chile as a physical and digital release.
2012-present.
In addition to embarking on a national tour in Chile, Valenzuela also promoted her album internationally at the South by Southwest music festival in Austin, Texas in March 2012. She also performed at Midem in Cannes, France, representing Chile. Valenzuela had previously performed at the festival in 2011. In January 2013, Valenzuela announced that she planned to begin working on her third studio album sometime in during spring of the same year. In March 2013, production on her third studio album began in Los Angeles, California, following the conclusion of her national tour in Chile.
Valenzuela is a featured artist on Spanish singer-songwriter, Alejandro Sanz's tribute album, "Y Si Fueran Ellas". She recorded a cover of Sanz's "Lola Soledad" for the album. The album features contributions from thirteen female vocalists, including Thalía and Ana Torroja. The album was released on iTunes worldwide on November 19, 2013.
Fashion career.
Valenzuela began modelling for the Chilean clothing brand, Foster in 2012. In May 2013, she partnered with the company to design a collection. Her collection features black and white pieces insprised by 60s mod and SKA. The collection is available exclusively in Foster stores throughout Chile.
Personal life.
Valenzuela took a summer course in International Relations at University of California, Berkeley. Later, she studied journalism at Universidad Católica in Santiago, Chile. In 2010, due to a busy touring and pre-production schedule for her sophomore album, she put her studies on hold during her fourth year in the program.

</doc>
<doc id="19924246" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924246" title="Norton ES2">
Norton ES2

The ES2 is a Norton motorcycle first produced in 1927. It was a long stroke single originally launched as a sports motorcycle but throughout its long life it was gradually overtaken by more powerful models. 
It remained popular due to its reliability and ease of maintenance, as well as the traditional design. From 1947 the ES2 had an innovative hydraulically damped telescopic front fork and race developed rear plunger suspension.
From 1953 it had a single downtube swinging-arm frame and was uprated to the Rex McCandless Featherbed frame in 1959, featuring an improved AMC gearbox, revised cylinder head, crankshaft-mounted Lucas RM15 60-watt alternator with coil ignition and an 8-inch front brake with full width hubs. The wideline Featherbed-framed bike was road tested by The Motor Cycle June 4, 1959 and found to have a mean top speed of 82 mph and with petrol consumption of 56 mpg at 60 mph.
For 1961, in common with other large-engined Nortons, the bike was further improved with the "Slimline" frame with upper frame rails narrowed and a restyled slimmer tank. The last Norton ES2 was produced in 1964, but a Matchless-based machine with Norton badges was produced for two years before final discontinuation, coincident with the commercial failure of the AMC Group.

</doc>
<doc id="19924272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924272" title="Bahundanda">
Bahundanda

Bahundanda is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2114 people living in 433 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19924278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924278" title="Bajhakhet">
Bajhakhet

Bajhakhet is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3177 people living in 625 individual households.
Media.
To Promote local culture Bajhakhet has one FM radio station Radio Marsyangdi - 95.0 MHz Which is a Community radio Station.

</doc>
<doc id="19924284" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924284" title="Balungpani">
Balungpani

Balungpani is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2641 people living in 519 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19924292" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924292" title="Bangre">
Bangre

Bangre is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1776 people living in 350 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19924295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924295" title="Bansar">
Bansar

Bansar is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2556.

</doc>
<doc id="19924302" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924302" title="Bhalayakharka">
Bhalayakharka

Bhalayakharka is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2517 people living in 470 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19924304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924304" title="Bharle">
Bharle

Bharle is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2591 people living in 544 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19924317" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924317" title="Bhoje">
Bhoje

Bhoje is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2591 people living in 544 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19924325" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924325" title="Buhl Building (Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania)">
Buhl Building (Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania)

The Buhl Building is a historic commercial building in downtown Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States. Built in 1913 in the Italianate style, the building is faced with multi-colored terra cotta tiles.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 3, 1980. As well, it is listed as a landmark by the Pittsburgh History and Landmarks Foundation.

</doc>
<doc id="19924327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924327" title="Bhorletar">
Bhorletar

Bhorletar is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2526 people living in 491 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19924339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924339" title="Bhote Bazar">
Bhote Bazar

Bhotewodar is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3630 people living in 785 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19924347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924347" title="Bhujung">
Bhujung

Bhujung is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1621 people living in 339 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19924352" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924352" title="Bhulbhule">
Bhulbhule

Bhulbhule is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3079 people living in 626 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19924356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924356" title="Bichaur">
Bichaur

Bichaur is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2462 people living in 488 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19924357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924357" title="Nottingham Blitz">
Nottingham Blitz

The Nottingham Blitz was an attack by the German Luftwaffe on Nottingham during the night of 8–9 May 1941.
Defence preparations.
Nottingham was the first city in Britain to develop an ARP (Air Raid Precautions) network. It was developed because of the foresight of Nottingham City Police Chief Constable Captain Athelstan Popkess. The city was divided into zones, controlled by report and control centres with 45 auxiliary fire service stations.
By the time of the raid, Nottingham had built a significant number of public shelters. The John Player & Sons tobacco company had built a network of tunnels at its factory and under local streets sufficient to house around 5,000 of its workers.
The raid on the night of 8–9 May by the German Luftwaffe was targeted at Nottingham and Derby. The X-Gerät beams set up to cover the Rolls Royce works were detected, and radio counter-measures diverted the attack to the moors north east of the town.
A Starfish decoy fire system located near Cropwell Butler in the Vale of Belvoir confused the aircraft, and many of the bombs intended for Nottingham were dropped on open farmland in the vale.
The Raid.
There were over 100 bombers in the Nottingham raid. Emergency services tackled 97 fires on the night of the Nottingham Blitz on May 8 and 9, 1941. Records list 12 fires as serious, 40 as major and 42 as medium. In some cases, fires started by incendiary bombs were put out before they took hold.
Firefighters successfully tackled a fire in the south transept at St Mary's Church after an incendiary bomb burned through the roof. A turntable ladder was positioned on High Pavement to enable them to direct a hose on to the roof. The vicar of St. Mary's, Neville Stuart Talbot noted:
We had a visitation - nothing compared with some places, but still a very real taste. Began about twelve. We had gone to bed, and tried to believe that the explosions were our guns, but soon one and then another were unmistakable - one was not far off down Friar's Lane. Peering out of the top window, I soon realised that big fires had been started, so, there being a lull, I went down. I found a fire going in the South Transept of the Church. It took a long time really to put it out.
There were fierce fires at Trivett's Building near St. Mary's Church, in Short Hill and three of the Boots' factories in Poplar Street, Island Street and Station Street.
Casualties.
Casualties were heavy. There were 159 people recorded as killed with 274 injured. At the Coop bakery on Meadow Lane, 49 employees and members of the Home Guard were killed, and 20 others injured. At University College, 45 people were killed.

</doc>
<doc id="19924360" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924360" title="Chakratirtha">
Chakratirtha

Chakratirtha is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3813 people living in 749 individual households.
References.
"lamjung,chakratirtha recently had got a muddy motor way, though it was now being stop because of rainfall"

</doc>
<doc id="19924366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924366" title="Norwegian Parliamentary Ombudsman for the Armed Forces">
Norwegian Parliamentary Ombudsman for the Armed Forces

The Norwegian Parliamentary Ombudsman for the Armed Forces () is an etat subordinate to the Norwegian Parliament.
The Parliamentary Ombudsman for the Armed Forces was established in 1952, as the world’s first parliamentary military ombudsman. Its purpose is to "safeguard the rights of all members of the Armed Forces", allowing individuals to bring their cases forward should they need to.
The Ombudsman and the Ombudsman’s committee is an organ of the Storting (the Norwegian Parliament) and part of the Parliament’s oversight- and supervisory activities. The Ombudsman and the Ombudsman’s committee are elected by and reports to the Parliament.
The Ombudsman shall safeguard the rights of all members (and former members) of the Armed Forces. Anyone who feels that he or she has been wrongly, unjustly or unreasonably treated can bring his or her case before the Ombudsman and request him to investigate the matter to determine whether an injustice has been done, and if it has, to see to it that corrective action is taken.
All sorts of issues and circumstances arising from military service can at any given time - before, during or after time of service - be brought to the attention of the Ombudsman.
The Ombudsman’s committee submits annual reports to the Storting. The Ombudsman may however at any time report a matter to Parliament. The Ombudsman acts as an advisor to the Storting, to the Ministry of Defence and to the Chief of Defence on matters within his sphere of competence.
In its role as independent military oversight mechanism the Ombudsman’s committee inspects military units home and abroad. The Ombudsman submits inspection reports with proper recommendations to the MOD, Chief of Defence and military authorities involved.
The Ombudsman may address or take actions on his own initiative in any matter which comes to his attention. He is empowered to deal with cases involving all authorities, has access to all documents and information and may hear witnesses and experts. The Ombudsman is impartial and independent of the Minister for Defence, the Ministry of Defence and the Military Authorities.
The Ombudsman’s committee consists of seven members and is headed by the Ombudsman. The Office of the Ombudsman for the Armed Forces is led by the Ombudsman. His administration is headed by the Director (the senior administrative manager). 
The current Ombudsman is Kjell Arne Bratli. The administrative manager is called Director.

</doc>
<doc id="19924375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924375" title="Chandisthan">
Chandisthan

Chandisthan is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1929.

</doc>
<doc id="19924390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924390" title="Chandreshwor">
Chandreshwor

Chandreshwor is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2357 people living in 488 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19924398" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924398" title="Żeniówka">
Żeniówka

Żeniówka, also known as Ziniówka, Ziuniuwka or Ziniejowka, was a Polish settlement in the Wołyń Voivodeship (1921–1939), gmina Warkowicze, Dubno county, on the Ikva River, in Second Polish Republic before the Nazi German and Soviet invasion of Poland in September 1939.
The village (with present location in sovereign Ukraine) was the site of Ukrainian Insurgent Army (UPA) ethnic cleansing operations between 1942 and 1945, and no longer exists.

</doc>
<doc id="19924400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924400" title="Chiti">
Chiti

Chiti is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5260 people living in 1016 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19924407" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924407" title="Dhamilikuwa">
Dhamilikuwa

Dhamilikuwa is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3831 people living in 791 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19924422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924422" title="Dhodeni">
Dhodeni

Dhodeni is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2001 people living in 368 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19924423" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924423" title="Ahkiyyini">
Ahkiyyini

Ahkiyyini is a dancing skeleton in Inuit folklore. He was responsible for causing shipwrecks in the ocean; his dancing made the waves vibrate, influencing the way the boats move. Ahkiyyini played instrumental music, using human arm bones to beat his xylophone of shoulder blades.

</doc>
<doc id="19924427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924427" title="Ladder of Jacob">
Ladder of Jacob

The Ladder of Jacob (Hebrew: "Sulam Yaakov" סולם יעקב) is a pseudepigraphic writing (a text whose claimed authorship is unfounded) of the Old Testament. It is usually considered to be part of the Apocalyptic literature. The text has been preserved only in Slavonic, and it is clearly a translation from a now lost Greek version. It is not regarded as scripture by Jews or any Christian group.
Manuscript tradition.
The text of the "Ladder of Jacob" has been preserved only in Old Church Slavonic; it occurs in the "Tolkovaja Paleja", a compendium of various Old Testament texts and comments which preserved also the Apocalypse of Abraham. The "Tolkovaja Paleja" is a compilation of texts assembled in the 8th or 9th century in Greek and later translated in Slavonic, the only translation that is survived. Some plays on words in the "Ladder of Jacob" suggest an original Hebrew text or a Greek text intended for readers with at least some knowledge of Hebrew.
Two recensions of the "Ladder of Jacob" have been identified: a longer one, usually denoted "A", which survives in three manuscripts, and a shorter one, usually called "B", which is represented by the majority of the manuscript tradition. The chief difference between these is that the shorter recension reduces drastically the prayer of Jacob and omits the name of the angel Sariel (2:2-5:1).
Date and origin.
The date and origin of the "Ladder of Jacob" are uncertain. It is possible to infer at least three stages: an original work written in a Jewish context after the Destruction of the Temple, the use in early Byzantine world and the final translation in Slavonic on about the ninth century. In the Christian stages the text was interpolated to form an anti-Jewish polemic, by adding some comments here and there, omitting some sentences and adding a Christian conclusion: chapter seven has Christian origin. The expectation of a delayed warrior Messiah and the similarities with 2 Baruch, Apocalypse of Abraham and other apocalyptic literature suggest the original text may have been written in the first half of the second century CE.
Content.
The "Ladder of Jacob" is based on the Biblical dream of Jacob in ().
Theology.
The "Ladder of Jacob", as well as the Apocalypse of Abraham, interprets the experience of Patriarchs in the context of merkabah mysticism. The "Ladder of Jacob" takes a stand on the main debated issues in the apocalyptic literature: the role of the Messiah is limited to be a warrior, the final victory against the evil and the last judgment are carried out directly by God himself, it is possible to repent in the last day.

</doc>
<doc id="19924438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924438" title="Dhuseni, Gandaki">
Dhuseni, Gandaki

Dhuseni is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1384 people living in 267 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19924451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924451" title="Dudhpokhari">
Dudhpokhari

Dudhpokhari is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2167 people living in 405 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19924460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924460" title="Duradanda">
Duradanda

Duradanda is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census Facing east, it lies between river Kirenche in the east and Paudi river in the south, Chadreswar Village in west .There is only high school named Sanskriti Sadan at village Archalyani .Duradanda had a population of 2135 people living in 430 individual households. It is three hour walk form the Sundarbazar.

</doc>
<doc id="19924464" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924464" title="Faleni">
Faleni

Faleni is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1547 people living in 286 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19924474" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924474" title="Spiżowy krzyk">
Spiżowy krzyk

Spiżowy krzyk (""Brass Scream"") is a compilation album of songs by Czesław Niemen selected by his wife Małgorzata Niemen-Wydrzycka.

</doc>
<doc id="19924501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924501" title="Duchy of Brunswick State Railway">
Duchy of Brunswick State Railway

The Duchy of Brunswick State Railway ("Herzoglich Braunschweigische Staatseisenbahn") was the first state railway in Germany. The first section of its Brunswick–Bad Harzburg railway line between Brunswick and Wolfenbüttel opened on 1 December 1838. 
Opening.
The construction of the line was mainly the work of the entrepreneur Philipp August von Amsberg, privy councillor to Duke William of Brunswick. Amsberg investigated the transportation links from the land-locked Duchy of Brunswick to the Hanse cities of Hamburg, Bremen and Lübeck and recognised that the transportation of wood and mining products from the duchy's estates in the Harz mountain range to the maritime harbours was not competitive. Conversely products from the seaboard harbours tended to be transported on the Elbe river to Magdeburg in the Prussian Province of Saxony but not to Brunswick. In 1824 he proposed, in a memorandum, a plan to build railway links from Brunswick through the Kingdom of Hanover to the cities of Hamburg and Bremen. These ideas were publicised in 1832 but foundered on German sectionalism ("Kleinstaaterei").
In 1835 Amsberg again looked into the plan to build an eastern railway from Brunswick via Helmstedt to Magdeburg. This plan was given up in favour of a later route via Oschersleben in order to form a junction there to the Prussian Magdeburg–Halberstadt line. In the same year, the first steam-hauled railway line in Germany, the Bavarian Ludwig Railway, opened between Nuremberg and Fürth. At the instigation of Amsberg, the Brunswick state ministry finally made the decision to build a railway line from Brunswick southwards to Wolfenbüttel and the exclave of Bad Harzburg (until 1892: "Neustadt") – the Brunswick–Bad Harzburg railway – and thereby pre-empt the intent of the Hanoverian government to build an eastern railway via Halberstadt to Magdeburg, which would bypass Brunswick to the south.
On 1 August 1837 construction began on the first section from Brunswick in southern direction and on 30 November 1838 the route was inaugurated by Duke William riding on a train to Wolfenbüttel hauled by a Blenkinsop locomotive. Opened to traffic the next day, it was the first German state railway and the fourth railway line to be built in the German Confederation. On 31 October 1841 the line to Bad Harzburg via Vienenburg was completed. The Vienenburg station opened in 1840 on Hanover territory is today the oldest railway station in Germany which is still in use. The ascent from here to the rim of the Harz range was initially worked by horses, but by 1843 steam haulage had been introduced on this section too, using three locomotives built in England. These engines were the first six-coupled locomotives in Germany.
In 1850, Philipp-August von Amsberg became head of the Duchy's Railway and Postal Division in Brunswick.
Takeover by the state of Prussia.
After the 1866 annexation of Hanover by Prussia, the Brunswick lines were entirely surrounded by the Prussian state railways. In 1869 Amsberg entered into the sale of the Brunswick State Railway to Prussia with a heavy heart. The Duchy of Brunswick had amassed heavy debts at that time, that had arisen mainly due to the expansion of the railway.
In March 1870, with effect from 1 January 1869, the Brunswick State Railways were transferred to a private railway concern, the Brunswick Railway Company. Amsberg did not survive to see the Prussian state buy up the shares in this company between 1879 and 1882, operate it under the Prussian state railways and subordinate it in 1886 to the royal railway division ("Eisenbahndirektion") of Magdeburg.
Literature.
Pioniere des Eisenbahnwesens, Carl Röhrig Verlag Darmstadt, Dr.-Ing Erhard Born (Herausgeber).

</doc>
<doc id="19924520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924520" title="Jeronim Vidulić">
Jeronim Vidulić

Jeronim Vidulić (? - Zadar, 1499) was a Croatian Renaissance poet.
Biography.
He lived in the 15th century in the city of Zadar. He belonged to civilian family. He was a priest, but has been also mentioned (1456) as a notary for the city and the county of Zadar. He died in 1499.
Work.
The only preserved - though in a bit damaged state - Vidulić's poem in Croatian, "Ako mi ne daš lik", composed in six dodecasyllabic quatrains, is the proof of the existence of troubadour-Petrarchan school of poetry in the middle of 15th century in Zadar, beside the city of Dubrovnik. The poem was found written on one official document and, of course, it is not certain whether Vidulić is the author or just a scribe. Vidulić is also an educated Humanist, has used Glagolitic script, and has in a certain way a predecessor of Petar Zoranić.

</doc>
<doc id="19924552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924552" title="Marvin Goldhar">
Marvin Goldhar

Marvin Goldhar (1934 - March 31, 2002) was a Canadian actor, best known for his voice work in animated programs and in made-for-TV movies.
Among his voice credits include Cedric Sneer on "The Raccoons", Mr. Weatherbee on "The New Archies" and Bronto Thunder and Bonehead in "Dinosaucers".
He has also done voices for television and films including ', ', "Garbage Pail Kids", "AlfTales", "The Legend of Zelda", "The Nutcracker Prince", "Babar", ', "Maxie's World", "Beverly Hills Teens", "The Care Bears", "Rupert", "C.O.P.S.", "Overdrawn at the Memory Bank", ', "Sylvanian Families", "Starcom", "Police Academy", "WildC.A.T.s", "The Magic School Bus", "Little Rosey", "The Busy World of Richard Scarry", "Dog City", "A Cosmic Christmas" and "My Pet Monster".
Goldhar also played roles in live-action such as Mogul in "Mafia Princess", Gareth Williamson in "Night Heat", Grandpa Maurice in "The Zack Files", Ron Morrow in "Hot Money", Detective #1 in "A Deadly Business", Larry Sr. in "Big Deal", Burt Horowitz in "Deadline", Phil King in "The Last Polka", Harry in "Club Land" as well as a guest star on "Saturday Night Live".
He died in Toronto, Ontario in 2002.
His son, Jeff Goldhar, currently works as a director/producer for CBC television.

</doc>
<doc id="19924559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924559" title="Old Church Slavonic in Romania">
Old Church Slavonic in Romania

Old Church Slavonic was the main language used for liturgical and administrative purposes by the Romanians until the 18th century, being still used in the Orthodox Church until mid-19th century.
__NOTOC__
Characteristics.
The language, while based on Old Church Slavonic, was influenced by the Slavic languages used by surrounding peoples. The most important influences were from Middle and Modern Bulgarian, with some smaller influences from Serbian (in Wallachia) and Russian (in Moldavia). Starting with the 15th century, the language was also influenced by Romanian.
Usage.
After the Slavic migrations, Slavonic became the liturgical language of the Eastern Orthodox Church in present-day Romania, under the influence of the South Slavic feudal states. The exact timing of this change happened is not known, but it was probably in the 10th century. While the language was not understood by most Romanians, it was a language known by the bishops, the monks, some of the priests, the clerks, the merchants, the boyars and the Prince.
Old Church Slavonic was also used as a literary language, for example in chronicles, story-books, law codexes (known as "pravila"), property documents ("hrisov"), decrees of the voivodes or boyars, diplomatic correspondence and sometimes even in private letters. It also led to an integration of the written Romanian culture into the Slavic culture of the neighbours.
Replacement with Romanian.
The earliest contracts ("zapis") to be written in Romanian rather than Slavonic date from 1575-1590 and by 1655-1660, all the administrative documents at the Princely Courts of both Wallachia and Moldavia were written in Romanian.
The replacement of Slavonic religious texts with Romanian versions began with the first translations in Maramureş in late 15th century, further translations being created in Transylvania after the Protestant Reformation. In Wallachia, the gospels were translated into the vernacular between 1512-1518 and by the middle of the 16th century, the earliest religious works were printed, while the first complete bible in Romanian being print in Bucharest in 1688.
Nevertheless, the Orthodox Church opposed the changes and the Metropolitan printing presses continued to print Church Slavonic books until 1731 in Moldavia and 1745 in Wallachia.
Legacy and assessments.
Coresi, the printer of the first Romanian-language book, saw in 1564 no good in the usage of Old Church Slavonic as a liturgical language, as the priests speak to the people in a foreign language, arguing that all the other peoples have the word of God in their language, except for the Romanians. Dimitrie Cantemir, a Moldavian scholar who published the first novel in Romanian, saw the usage of Old Church Slavonic as a "barbarism", which caused a cultural regression.
However, there were some cultural accomplishments done in the Old Church Slavonic language, such as a number of chronicles and historiographical works in Moldavia or Neagoe Basarab's Teachings to his son Theodosie.

</doc>
<doc id="19924606" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924606" title="Muérdete La Lengua">
Muérdete La Lengua

Muérdete La Lengua ("Bite Your Tongue") is the debut album by American-born Chilean singer, songwriter and composer Francisca Valenzuela. The album was released on June 30, 2007 in Chile for Feria Music Records. The album's first single was "Peces" ("Fishes") and was released in 2006. Though "Peces" did not chart, it gained Valenzuela radio play and popularity in Chile. The second and lead single of the album was "Dulce" ("Candy"). Rolling Stone Chile included the album as number 16 in its "50 Best CDs of 2007" in an international list. In early 2008, the album was certified gold in Chile. In January 2013, it earned platinum certification in Chile for sales of 10,000 copies or more. The album includes eleven original songs all written and composed by Valenzuela including an English song, called "Queen". In 2008, a deluxe edition was released, which included all ten tracks from the previous release as well as a remix of "Muleta" ("Crutche") and a new "Spanglish" song, "No Necesito Mucho" ("I Don't Need Much").

</doc>
<doc id="19924608" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924608" title="IPod click wheel">
IPod click wheel

The iPod click wheel is the navigation component of several iPod models. It uses a combination of touch technology and traditional buttons, involving the technology of capacitive sensing, which senses the energy of the user's fingers. The wheel allows a user to find music, videos, photos and play games on the device. The wheel is flush on the face of the iPod and is located directly underneath the screen. 
The design was first released with the iPod Mini, and is now only currently used on the iPod Classic.
Details.
The click wheel detects a user's input via its touch sensitive ring. Because of four mechanical buttons that lie beneath it, the ring is able to perform multiple commands. For example, browsing through music, after selecting a particular song, the click-wheel is used to adjust the volume. Pressing the select button can be used to skip to a specific part in the song.
The primary technology that the click-wheel demonstrates is that of Capacitive Sensing. This technology actually dates back to 1919, where it was first utilized in a musical instrument called a Theremin. It allowed the pitch and volume of the instrument to be controlled by the distance from the musician's hands to two antennae. When two metal plates are placed very close to one another, without coming into contact, a current passes through the plates, energy is stored, but once the current is taken away, the stored energy creates a current on its own. This is how a capacitor gathers and stores energy.
This same principle is applied to the iPod Classic and on the first through fifth generations of the iPod Nano.
The "brain" behind the click-wheel is the conductive membrane behind the plastic covering. This membrane has "channels" that when connected, create a set of coordinates. These channels are conductors, which when connected to another conductor (a finger in this case), try to send a current through the user's finger, but are blocked by the plastic covering the click-wheel. So instead of passing through the plastic, the current creates a charge at the closest location to the finger, which is also known as capacitance. The component that detects this change in capacitance is the controller. Whenever the controller senses a change, it sends a signal to the microprocessor, which performs the desired action. The faster a finger moves around the wheel, the more concentrated the stream of signals it sends out. The moment the finger leaves the wheel, however, is when the controller stops detecting change in capacitance, therefore stopping the current process.
Lawsuits.
It is not widely known that Apple did not develop the click wheel; Synaptics came up with the design for the device. There have nevertheless been a few lawsuits concerning its capacitance-sensing technology.
In January 2007, a U.K Based company named Quantum Research made public a lawsuit against Apple claiming that its own patents on this technology were being infringed by Apple itself. Legal action regarding this lawsuit had been going on since 2005, but was not made public until two years after.

</doc>
<doc id="19924614" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924614" title="Anson Phelps Stokes (bishop)">
Anson Phelps Stokes (bishop)

Anson Phelps Stokes, Junior (January 11, 1905 – November 7, 1986) was the eleventh bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Massachusetts in Boston, Massachusetts from 1956 to 1970. He was the son of Anson Phelps Stokes and grandson of Anson Phelps Stokes of Phelps Dodge.
An alumnus of St. Paul's School (Concord, New Hampshire), he received a BA from Yale in 1927, a BD from the Episcopal Theological School (now the Episcopal Divinity School), a DD from Kenyon College and later degrees from Columbia, Berkeley Divinity School, and Suffolk University.
He was married to Hope Procter of the family which founded Procter & Gamble.

</doc>
<doc id="19924625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924625" title="Gaudu, Nepal">
Gaudu, Nepal

Gaudu, Nepal is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3325 people living in 650 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19924630" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924630" title="Gaunsahar">
Gaunsahar

Gaunshahar () is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6172 people living in 1260 individual households.
Media.
To Promote local culture Gaunshahar has one FM radio station Radio Lamjung - 88.4 MHz Which is a Community radio Station.

</doc>
<doc id="19924634" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924634" title="Ashley Todd mugging hoax">
Ashley Todd mugging hoax

In October 2008, Ashley Todd, a volunteer for the U.S. presidential campaign of Republican John McCain, falsely claimed to have been the victim of robbery and politically motivated physical assault by a supporter of McCain's Democratic opponent Barack Obama. The story broke less than two weeks before the 2008 United States presidential election on November 4. Todd later confessed to inventing the story after surveillance photos and a polygraph test were presented. She was charged with filing a false police report, and entered a probation program for first-time offenders.
Initial claim and political commentary.
Todd had worked as a field representative for the College Republican National Committee since August 2008 and had come to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania in mid-October to recruit college students. On October 22, 2008, Todd claimed that she was robbed at knifepoint by a "six-foot-four African American of medium build, dressed in dark clothes wearing shiny shoes" at a Citizens Bank ATM in the Bloomfield neighborhood of Pittsburgh. She also alleged that after the robber saw a McCain bumper sticker on Todd's car, he assaulted her, cut a reversed letter "B" into her cheek, and told her "you are going to be a Barack supporter." 
Todd's story received international attention, including prominent coverage on Drudge Report and Fox News. John Moody, executive vice president at Fox News, commented in a blog on the network's website that "this incident could become a watershed event in the 11 days before the election," but also warned that "f the incident turns out to be a hoax, Senator McCain’s quest for the presidency is over, forever linked to race-baiting."
According to journalism website Talking Points Memo, McCain's Pennsylvania campaign communications director told reporters about several aspects of the story before the facts were known or established. John Verrilli, news director for Pittsburgh television station KDKA-TV, told TPM that the McCain spokesman "gave one of (Verrilli's) reporters a detailed version of the attack that included a claim that the alleged attacker said, 'You're with the McCain campaign? I'm going to teach you a lesson.'" Verrilli also said that the spokesperson had claimed the "B" on Todd's face stood for "Barack". On October 24, a McCain spokesman denied that those quotes had come from the campaign, claiming that "they came from the police and were attributed to the McCain camp because of sloppy reporting." Keith Olbermann noted that same night, "... that doesn't explain why two television stations both quoted the McCain campaign ... KDKA Pittsburgh specifically followed the McCain quotes with ... 'Police, however, have not confirmed that.' ... the reporter from the other station, WPXI ... says he got those quotes first, 4:08 p.m. yesterday from McCain's Pennsylvania communications director."
Hoax exposure and aftermath.
On October 24, Todd confessed to inventing the story after police reviewed surveillance camera photos and administered a polygraph test. She now said that she had seen the backwards 'B' on her face while driving, and though she did not remember how she got it, assumed that she herself had done it because she had had previous episodes of memory loss. According to police, Todd provided no explanation of why she provided them the story about the mugging instead.
Todd was charged with filing a false police report, a misdemeanor charge with a maximum jail sentence of two years. While jailed, Todd underwent a court-ordered psychiatric examination and was deemed to be competent to stand trial, but in need of further counseling. On October 30, she agreed to a deal in which she was released from jail, but must undergo psychiatric counseling as condition of her release. Upon her formal arraignment in January, Todd would enter a probation program for first-time offenders, after which her record would be expunged if there had been no further offenses. Continued mental health counseling would also be a condition of the probation period. The deal did not require Todd to enter a plea.
Prior claim by Todd.
According to an October 25, 2008 article in the "Pittsburgh Post-Gazette", in February 2008, Todd had claimed that her car's tires had been slashed and campaign material had been stolen from her car because of her support for Republican politician Ron Paul, an opponent of McCain for the Republican presidential nomination. Group leader Dustan Costine told the "Post-Gazette" that Todd was asked to leave the local Ron Paul grassroots group a month later, after she posed as a Mike Huckabee supporter and called the local Republican committee seeking information about its campaign strategies.

</doc>
<doc id="19924637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924637" title="Ghanpokhara">
Ghanpokhara

Ghanpokhara is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3168 people living in 597 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19924641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924641" title="Ghermu">
Ghermu

Ghermu is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1950 people living in 365 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19924644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924644" title="Ernest and Bertram">
Ernest and Bertram

Ernest & Bertram is a 2002 tragic comedy short film by Peter Spears spoofing Sesame Street characters Ernie and Bert. The film is based on Lillian Hellman's "The Children's Hour", and depicts Bert and Ernie after they are outed by "Variety" magazine. Although the film was a success at the Sundance Film Festival and the U.S Comedy Arts Festival, it kept from further distribution when Sesame Workshop served the film's producers with a cease and desist order for copyright violation.
Synopsis.
When the film starts, Miss Piggy has discontinued a romantic relationship with Bert when rumors of the roommates being gay hit the media. Ernie comes home, and through conversation reveals that he does love Bert "that way." Bert seems not to share this sentiment, resulting in Ernie's suicide.
The film makes no effort to hide the fact that they're using Sesame Workshop's characters. The blatant use of copyrighted characters is no doubt what initiated legal action on the part of the owners. This includes the two main characters, their likenesses and an arrangement of the Sesame Street theme song.

</doc>
<doc id="19924647" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924647" title="Gilung">
Gilung

Gilung is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1941 people living in 419 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19924650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924650" title="Hiletaksar">
Hiletaksar

Hiletaksar is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1938 people living in 365 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19924676" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924676" title="Ilampokhari">
Ilampokhari

Ilampokhari is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3197 people living in 620 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19924680" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924680" title="Isaneshwor">
Isaneshwor

Isaneshwor is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2517 people living in 522 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19924686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924686" title="Jita, Nepal">
Jita, Nepal

Jita, Nepal is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2906 people living in 585 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19924693" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924693" title="Daniel Mays">
Daniel Mays

Daniel Alan Mays (born 31 March 1978) is an English actor.
Early life.
Born the third of four boys, Mays was brought up in Buckhurst Hill, Essex, by his electrician father and bank cashier mother. He attended the Italia Conti Academy of Theatre Arts before going on to win a place at The Royal Academy of Dramatic Art.
Career.
After graduating from RADA in 2000, Mays soon started appearing in a number of supporting roles ranging from a bit part in the BBC soap opera "EastEnders" in 2000 to playing a pilot in Jerry Bruckheimer's big-budget "Pearl Harbor" (2001). He was cast in the Mike Leigh film "All or Nothing" (2002) as Jason, a thug who abused his girlfriend, and also appeared in Leigh's next project, "Vera Drake" (2004), in which he played Sid, the protagonist's son. His performances for Leigh resulted in further offers of work.
One of Mays's most notable early roles was in the improvised BBC drama "Rehab". Directed by acclaimed film maker Antonia Bird, "Rehab" was a drama about life inside a drug rehabilitation facility. He starred as Adam, a young heroin addict released from prison and sent directly to rehab. For his performance Mays was awarded the Best Actor award at the Palmare-Reims Television Festival in 2003.
Mays has continued to work regularly, and has appeared in a variety of productions, which have included a part in Johnny Vaughan's sitcom, "Top Buzzer" (2004); the lead role of Carter Krantz in BBC Three's "Funland" (2005); as well as film appearances in "Atonement" (2007), "White Girl" (2008) and "The Bank Job" (2008).
Mays starred in Channel 4's Friday-night comedy-of-errors sitcom "Plus One", in which he played Rob Black, the perennial victim of Sod's law whose girlfriend has dumped him to marry "Duncan from Blue". He played the role of Michael Myshkin in Channel 4's adaptation of David Peace's "Red Riding" trilogy. He also appears in the third and final series of "Ashes to Ashes" on BBC1 as Discipline and Complaints Officer, DCI Jim Keats (who is actually the devil disguised as a police officer).
In addition to his TV and film work, Mays has also starred in six stage plays at London's Royal Court Theatre. The productions have included "Ladybird", "Motortown", "The Winterling" and "Scarborough". Simon Stephens wrote the lead role of Danny in Motortown with Mays in mind. He went on to win critical acclaim for his performance, but the hard-hitting play was too much for some audience members and walkouts were not uncommon.
Projects in 2009 included "Hippie Hippie Shake" (as '60s alternative figurehead David Widgery, alongside Cillian Murphy and Sienna Miller); a role opposite Anna Friel in the third series of Jimmy McGovern's "The Street"; a "mark" in the BBC drama serial "Hustle"; as well as an appearance in the independent British film "Shifty", co-starring Riz Ahmed, for which he received a nomination for best supporting actor at the British Independent Film Awards.
Mays starred as Eddie O'Grady in the 2010 film "Made in Dagenham." In addition, perhaps his most critically acclaimed role came in the form of "DCI Jim Keats" in the third series of "Ashes to Ashes", in which he portrayed a character that was an anti-matter to Philip Glenister's "Gene Hunt".
Mays appears in the BBC sci-fi series "Outcasts", which started on 7 February 2011, as PAS Officer Cass Cromwell, and in the ninth episode of the 6th series of "Doctor Who", entitled "Night Terrors," broadcast on BBC One on 3 September 2011.
He had roles in "No One Gets Off in This Town" and a supporting role in the Steven Spielberg film "The Adventures of Tintin". However the latest part he has played was a criminal on a curfew after serving a 10-year sentence for the murder of his girlfriend when he was 19 in the programme "Public Enemies", which aired on BBC One in early January 2012. He played Ronnie Biggs in a 5 part drama called Mrs Biggs. He will voice Rattles in "Thomas & Friends".
Personal life.
Mays has a young son, Mylo Burton-Mays, and lives in Crouch End, North London. A keen football fan, he is a supporter of Leyton Orient.

</doc>
<doc id="19924696" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924696" title="Karapu">
Karapu

Karapu is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2549 people living in 509 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19924702" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924702" title="Khudi, Nepal">
Khudi, Nepal

Khudi, Nepal is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3212 people living in 664 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19924711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924711" title="Kolki">
Kolki

Kolki is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1892 people living in 354 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19924712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924712" title="Jenny Lake CCC Camp NP-4">
Jenny Lake CCC Camp NP-4

CCC Camp NP-4, also known as the Horse Concessioner Dormitory and the Climbing Concession Office, at Jenny Lake in Grand Teton National Park was the largest Civilian Conservation Corps camp in Grand Teton. Located at the South end of Jenny Lake, the camp housed young men from 1934 to 1942, who worked on improvements to trails, campsites, employee housing, utilities and timber salvage at Jackson Lake. The surviving structures include a messhall and a bathhouse.
It is unusual for CCC facilities to survive, as they were typically dismantled when the CCC program was completed. The camp was later used as a base camp for mountain climbing concessioners. The camp became known as the "C-Camp," accommodating climbers close to the base of the mountains. The bathhouse became the base for Paul Petzoldt and Glenn Exum's Petzoldt-Exum School of American Mountaineering. The building is still in use as the summer base for Exum Mountain Guides. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on July 7, 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19924717" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924717" title="Kunchha">
Kunchha

Kunchha is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2454 people living in 503 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19924718" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924718" title="Hello Kitty's Furry Tale Theater">
Hello Kitty's Furry Tale Theater

Format.
Each cartoon opens with the theater filling up with patrons, and usually a look at some comical goings-on backstage. The play then begins (with Hello Kitty or another character saying “Once upon a meow”) and the stage transforms into whatever setting the story calls for (outer space, the American Old West, et cetera). Each show is a lighthearted takeoff of a children’s story and a popular movie. At the end, the stage returns to normal, and the actors take their bow.
One exception to this format is the cartoon “The Phantom of the Theater,” which begins after the actors have finished a show; all the action in this story takes place backstage.
Availability.
Two VHS videocassettes were released March 31, 1998, each containing four cartoon shorts, as well as the opening and closing sequences.
In 2003, five DVDs were released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, each containing five cartoon shorts; the only one of the 26 not to be included was “How Scrinchip Stole Christmas.” The opening and closing sequences are not included.
iTunes.
In 2008, all thirteen episodes were made available to download on iTunes for $1.99 an episode or $21.99 for the entire series. To promote the series, iTunes offered the episodes "Wizard of Paws and
Pinocchio Penguin" as a free download for a limited time.
Hulu.
In 2010, all 26 half episodes were made available to watch on hulu.

</doc>
<doc id="19924729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924729" title="Sakuntalai">
Sakuntalai

Sakuntalai () is a 1940 Tamil film directed by Ellis R. Dungan and starring M. S. Subbulakshmi and G. N. Balasubramaniam.
Production.
Subbulakshmi and her husband T. Sadasivam formed Royal Talkies to produce their own films. They decided to make a movie based Shakuntala's life and asked director K. Subramanyam, to direct the film. Subramaniam was not able to do so because of prior commitments and recommended Ellis Dungan to be hired instead. Sadasivam wrote the screenplay and Papanasam Sivan was hired to write the lyrics. Carnatic singer G. N. Balasubramaniam was cast as King Dushyanta. The comedic duo of N. S. Krishnan - T. A. Mathuram were also among the cast. Dungan introduced several new techniques to Tamil cinema in this film. The scene where "Shakuntala" loses her ring was shot in slow motion through a glass tank filled with water. In his autobiography ("A Guide to Adventure: An Autobiography", Dorrance Publishing Company (2002)), Dungan wrote the following about his use of a European dancer for adding glamour to the film :
The completed film was 17,400 Feet in length (around 3 hours run time). The film advanced the popularity of singing lead actress M. S. Subbulakshmi.
Plot.
"Sakuntalai" is the story of the mythological queen Shakuntala, whose tale is told in the "Mahabarata" and dramatized by "Kalidasa" in the play "Abhijñānaśākuntalam".
Soundtrack.
There were a total of 24 songs in "Sakuntalai". A couple of songs were longer than usual and the gramophone company had to issue special large sized records for them.
A partial list of songs in the film:
Reception.
The film was released on 12 December 1940 and was a box office success.

</doc>
<doc id="19924734" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924734" title="TnFOX">
TnFOX

The TnFOX portability toolkit is a fork of the FOX GUI toolkit with most of the added code implementing orthogonal features (i.e. not substantially changing the FOX API) such that applications developed for FOX can be easily recompiled for TnFOX. Unusually, TnFOX also contains API emulations of some Qt library classes - according to the author, this was done to port a substantial project from Qt to FOX. Most of the added features implement a full "portability toolkit" library such that one can write one program to run anywhere - this differs from FOX which mostly just provides the GUI portability alone. TnFOX is therefore an example of an operating system abstraction layer.
Unlike FOX, TnFOX supports only a restricted set of C++ compilers and operating systems. It only supports Microsoft's C++ compiler v7.1 and later, GCC v3.2 and later and Intel C++ compiler v8 or later. It also only runs on Windows 2000 or later, Linux 2.6 kernels or later, FreeBSD and Mac OS X 10.4 or later, though on any processor or architecture.
TnFOX contains its own automatically generated bindings for Python based on Boost.Python library - such were the complexity of these it required adding the -fvisibility feature to GCC v4 onwards. However, the quality and state of these have languished in recent years.
The library is no longer maintained by its author, as of 2012. 
Substantial Features of TnFOX.
One of the more unique features of TnFOX is its heavy usage of C++ metaprogramming though this is entirely kept away from the GUI side of things (for FOX compatibility). A full lightweight metaprogramming toolkit is included which allows many of the operations provided by the Boost metaprogramming library, including typelists, type traits, compile-time logic, functors, virtual table compilation, horizontal type list instantiation and more. Unlike Boost, due to the requirement for a modern C++ compiler, all the metaprogramming operates consistently across compilers without the need for ugly macros.
Another unusual feature is the use of pervasive exception handling and safety whereby any line is assumed to always potentially throw an exception. TnFOX provides a C++ rollback mechanism (as originally proposed by Andrei Alexandrescu) to keep track of what operations need to be undone at any given stage should an error occur - rather like a SQL transaction. One problem with this approach is the possibility of nested exception throws during object destruction which under the ISO C++ standard requires an immediate program termination - TnFOX works around this problem via preprocessing of the source to add extra support code.
A quirky addition of the v0.88 release is to use Google Translations to convert its locale strings. While of dubious utility, especially for shorter strings, it nevertheless may save time during translations.
Unlike most portability toolkits, TnFOX has been very extensively profiled and performance tuned for maximum speed and minimal memory usage. It has strong multithreading support including tuning to avoid two threads writing to the same cache line (which causes cache line bouncing and greatly bottlenecks parallel throughput). It optionally uses its own thread caching memory allocator, automatically uses dynamic algorithms which will trade speed for memory usage according to memory low conditions and has very strong x86 and x64 specific optimisations including a metaprogramming implementation of SIMD vectors which will automatically compile down into SSE operations (right up to SSE4 support). It has its own assembler written fast mutex implementation, extensive internal caching to avoid syscalls to the kernel and its own inter-process communication framework which can transport arbitrary C++ object instances from one place to another by leveraging metaprogramming to automatically implement serialisation & deserialisation. This is particularly evident in its SQL database interface where one can simply bind an arbitrary C++ object instance to a BLOB field and no further code is required.
TnFOX optionally includes copies of the OpenSSL library and the SQLite library in order to implement its strong encryption and its default SQL database implementation respectively. It can be built modularly as a set of separate DLLs or monolithically. It also has full portable support for host operating system ACL security and knows how to protect sensitive data from entering the swap file, plus automatically shredding any deleted portions. It can access which user is running the process and how to escalate its privileges as necessary.
It has a no GUI build suitable as a portability toolkit for daemon and system processes. This has no X11/GDI dependencies.
TnFOX has already begun to add C++0x features for those compilers which support them - this being the next revision of the ISO C++ standard.
Additions to FOX.
The modifications to FOX itself are minimal: the only big change is the ability to run multiple parallel window trees, one per thread, which greatly aids reporting errors to the user without deadlocking the user interface. FOX can only operate one window tree and it is always by the main thread.
TnFOX does also completely reimplement a number of FOX classes using its own classes which it calls "the FOX compatibility layer" which can be enabled or disabled at compilation. TnFOX also fatally exits whenever any FOX exception is thrown which is inconsistent with how it handles its own exceptions.

</doc>
<doc id="19924761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924761" title="Donald Archibald">
Donald Archibald

Donald Archibald (August 16, 1840 – September 1908) was a farmer and political figure in Nova Scotia. He represented Halifax County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1871 to 1878 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Musquodoboit, Nova Scotia, the son of Matthew Archibald and Jane Grant, and worked on the family farm for seven years after leaving school at the age of thirteen. Archibald spent two years prospecting for gold in the province before purchasing his own farm. In 1865, he married Grizell McLachlan. He was named a justice of the peace and served on the council for Halifax County, being chosen as county warden in 1881. He was unsuccessful in a bid for reelection to the provincial assembly in 1878. He died in Halifax at the age of 68.

</doc>
<doc id="19924762" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924762" title="Doukas (historian)">
Doukas (historian)

Doukas or Dukas (c. 1400 – after 1462) was a Byzantine historian who flourished under Constantine XI Palaiologos, the last Byzantine Emperor. He is one of the most important sources for the last decades and eventual fall of the Byzantine Empire to the Ottomans.
Life.
The date of Doukas's birth is not recorded, nor is his first name or the names of his parents. He was born probably in the 1390s somewhere in western Asia Minor, where his paternal grandfather had fled. This was Michael Doukas, who is eulogized by his grandson as a learned man, especially in matters of medicine. The elder Doukas played a role in the Byzantine civil wars of the mid-14th century as a partisan of John VI Kantakouzenos. He fled from the persecution of the Kantakouzenists in Constantinople to Ephesus, among the Turks, and there he remained even after the end of the civil war, convinced that sooner or later, all of the remnants of the Byzantine state would succumb to the Turkish onslaught. Although his grandson claims so, it is unknown how, if at all, he was related to the old Byzantine imperial dynasty of the Doukai.
The younger Doukas is first mentioned in 1421, living at New Phocaea and serving as the Genoese governor's secretary. After the Fall of Constantinople, he sought refuge in Lesbos, where he entered the service of the ruling Gattilusi family. They employed him in various diplomatic missions to the Ottoman court. He was sent to embassies to the Ottoman Sultan at Adrianople in 1451 and 1452, and in 1455 delivered the taxes owed by the Gattilusi to the Sultan. He was still living on Lesbos in 1462, when it was annexed to the Ottoman Empire by Sultan Mehmed II. It is known that Doukas survived this event, but there is no record of his subsequent life, and he may have died at about this time.
Work.
Doukas was the author of a history of the period 1341-1462; his work thus continues that of Nikephoros Gregoras and John Kantakouzenos, and supplements George Sphrantzes and Laonikos Chalkokondyles. There is a preliminary chapter of chronology from Adam to John V Palaiologos. Although unrefined in style, the history of Doukas is both somewhat judicious and more or less trustworthy, and it is a valuable source for the closing years of the Byzantine empire. The account of the Fall of Constantinople is of special importance. Doukas was a strong supporter of the union of the Greek and Latin churches, and is very bitter against those who rejected even the idea of appealing to the West for assistance against the Ottomans.
The history, preserved (without a title) in a single manuscript conserved in Paris, was first edited by I. Bullialdus (Bulliaud) (Paris, 1649); later editions are in the Bonn "Corpus scriptorum Hist. Byz.", by I. Bekker (1834) and Migne, "Patrologia Graeca", clvii. The Bonn edition contains a 15th-century Italian translation by an unknown author, found by Leopold Ranke in one of the libraries of Venice, and sent by him to August Bekker.

</doc>
<doc id="19924765" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924765" title="William Smitty Pignatelli">
William Smitty Pignatelli

William "Smitty" Pignatelli (born August 31, 1959 in Pittsfield, Massachusetts) is a Democratic member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives, representing the 4th Berkshire District, consisting of the towns of Alford, Egremont, Great Barrington, Lee, Lenox, Monterey, Mount Washington, New Marlborough, Otis, precinct 5B of the city of Pittsfield, the towns of Sandisfield, Sheffield, Stockbridge, Tyringham and West Stockbridge, all in Berkshire County; and the towns of Blandford, Chester and Tolland, all in Hampden County. He lives in Lenox, Massachusetts. He ran unopposed on November 7, 2006 in the 2006 elections, receiving 99.6% of the vote. His Legislative Assignments include the Joint Committees on Public Service, on Higher Education, and on Tourism, Arts and Cultural Development.

</doc>
<doc id="19924771" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924771" title="Bruce Tammen">
Bruce Tammen

Bruce Tammen is a conductor and artistic director. Tammen holds degrees from Luther College, Northwestern University, and the University of Chicago and has taught voice and directed choirs at Luther College, the University of Chicago, and the University of Virginia. Tammen studied extensively in France with Dalton Baldwin and Gerard Souzay, and for several years studied with Max van Egmond at Oberlin's Baroque Performance Institute. He has performed several seasons under Helmuth Rilling at the Oregon Bach Festival, and with the Robert Shaw Choral Institute, in Souillac, France. Tammen is baritone soloist on the Telarc/Shaw compact discs Appear and Inspire and Liebeslieder Waltzes. The Chicago Chorale, conducted by Tammen, received the top performance of the year by the Chicago Classical Review with a performance of Rodion Shchedrin's "The Sealed Angel. Bruce Tammen is married to Esther Menn. They have three sons; Joseph, Elijah, and Daniel Tammen, as well as a daughter Kaia Tammen.

</doc>
<doc id="19924773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924773" title="Farah Stockman">
Farah Stockman

Farah Stockman is an American journalist, currently employed by the Boston Globe.
Education.
Stockman attended Harvard University, graduating in 1996.
In the summer of 1996 Stockman directed the Mission Hill Summer Program with Harvard's Phillips Brooks House Association.
Kenya, 1997-2000.
Following graduation Stockman served as a school teacher in Kenya for two years. Stockman and other teachers set up the Jitegemee non-governmental organization.
While living in Kenya Stockman began writing for the "New York Times", the "Christian Science Monitor", the "Voice of America" and "Reuters".
During her time in Kenya Stockman covered the Rwandan genocide.
Attempts to interview Mubarik Shah Gillani.
Stockman is reported to have been seeking to interview Mubarik Shah Gillani, an individual who was in hiding, who was also being sought by Daniel Pearl, at the time of his death.
Mariane Pearl, Daniel Pearl's wife, wrote that an article Stockman wrote, linking Gillani to Richard Reid, was the inspiration for her husband to seek the interview that led to his capture and death.
Boston Globe.
Upon her return to the United States Stockman started working for the "Boston Globe".
She worked in the Globe's Washington bureau, before becoming a member of the Globe's editorial board and editorial columnist.
Awards.
Stockman was a winner of an award from the J. W. Saxe Memorial Fund in the 1990s.
Stockman won her award for her work ""with homeless children in Machakos, Kenya."" Stockman subsequently became one of the fund's directors.
In 2009 Stockman won the William Brewster Styles Award. 
The award is one given by the Scripps Howard Foundation, and is accompanied by $10,000.
Stockman's award was ""for identifying U.S. corporations that were covertly using international relationships and offshore operations to avoid taxes, side-step U.S. laws and deny workers’ rights.""

</doc>
<doc id="19924778" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924778" title="Witte Museum">
Witte Museum

The Witte Museum, established in 1926 under the charter of the San Antonio Museum Association, is located adjacent to Brackenridge Park in Midtown Brackenridge, San Antonio, Texas, USA, on the banks of the San Antonio River. It is dedicated to natural history, science and South Texas heritage. The permanent collection features historic artifacts and photographs, Texas art, textiles, the world-renowned Hertzberg Circus Collection, dinosaur bones, cave drawings, Texas wildlife dioramas and the four-story H-E-B Science Treehouse; in addition to nationally acclaimed traveling exhibits.
The most recent addition is the 20,000 square foot Robert J. and Helen C. Kleberg South Texas Heritage Center—a permanent home for the Witte’s South Texas collections, exhibitions and public programs, combined with the latest museum technology, to trace the legendary history of South Texas. The Witte’s South Texas collections are cherished links to our interwoven heritage and include saddles, spurs, basketry, branding irons, historical clothing, land grants, art and firearms. The South Texas Heritage Center provides immersive and engaging experiences of real-life stories of the men, women and children of South Texas.
The Witte Museum is named for San Antonio businessman Alfred G. Witte who bequeathed $65,000 to the city for construction of a museum of art, science, and natural history.

</doc>
<doc id="19924797" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924797" title="Jack R. Janney">
Jack R. Janney

Jack Raymond Janney (1924–2006), born in Alamosa, Colorado, was a U.S. structural engineer and an innovator in the understanding of structural behavior and a recognized leader in the investigation of structural collapses. Janney’s love of mathematics and science spurred his decision to become an engineer, and in 1942, he enrolled in the College of Engineering at the University of Colorado at Boulder. After only one semester, Janney left college and enlisted in the Navy where he became a decorated pilot during World War II.
After the war, Janney returned to the University of Colorado at Boulder where he earned his bachelor’s degree in architectural engineering in 1948 and his master’s degree in structural engineering in 1950. Janney’s graduate-school thesis on prestressed concrete was recognized as one of the first comprehensive papers written on the subject in the United States. Subsequently, the Portland Cement Association (PCA) hired Janney to conduct research on prestressed concrete at its newly constructed laboratories in Skokie, Illinois, where he worked from 1950 to 1956. During his time with the Portland Cement Association Janney published a journal entitled “Nature of Bond in Pre-Tensioned Prestressed Concrete,” which displayed results from numerous experiments he performed to determine the effectiveness of prestressed concrete. One of the experiments Janney performed on prestressed concrete was called the “Prism Test.” Through the “Prism Test,” Janney gained a lot of new and valuable knowledge on the effects of prestressed concrete and he was able to develop superior methods of creating very strong prestressed concrete for engineering during that time period.
In 1956, Janney started his own consulting engineering firm that would eventually become Wiss, Janney, Elstner Associates, Inc. (WJE). The company today employs 470 professionals in nineteen offices nationwide. Janney’s first project as a consulting engineer was on behalf of the Illinois State Toll Highway Authority, overseeing the manufacturing of precast, prestressed concrete girders for bridges for the tollway. 
In WJE’s early years, Janney pioneered the use of three-dimensional scale models for determining the distribution of strains and stresses in structures, before the advent of computers and structural analysis programs. Janney performed more than 60 scale-model studies from 1958 to 1969 on many important structures, including Chicago’s First National Bank, the Kodak Pavilion at the 1964 New York World's Fair, and the hyperbolic paraboloid roof for TWA’s maintenance hangar in Kansas City, Missouri. WJE needed to design, construct, and test a scale model of the roof for the TWA Maintenance Hangar due to its unusual geometry. This model provided an enormous challenge due to the size and complexity required to design the model.
During his 50-plus year career, Janney investigated upwards of 500 structural collapses and more than 4,000 cases of structural distress. Projects include the Bailey’s Crossroads Apartments collapse near Washington, DC, in 1973, the cooling-tower scaffolding failure at the Willow Island Nuclear Plant in West Virginia in 1976, the Civic Center Coliseum collapse in Hartford, Connecticut, in 1978; and the Rosemont Horizon collapse near Chicago, Illinois, in 1981.
A member of numerous professional organizations, Janney served many years on the Research Council on the Performance of Structures for the American Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE). He was also an original member of the joint ASCE/American Concrete Institute (ACI) committee that formulated provisions for prestressed concrete in the ACI Building Code.
Janney was also active in the Prestressed Concrete Institute (PCI), the National Society of Professional Engineers (NSPE) and the American Society for Testing and Materials (ASTM), serving as chair of a number of committees in each. He served on the Board of Directors for both ACI and PCI as well. Janney’s innovative book, Guide to Investigation of Structural Failure (ASCE Press 1979), remains a landmark text in the industry. 
A recipient of many professional honors throughout his life, Janney received the Distinguished Engineering Alumnus Award from the University of Colorado in 1985, the John F. Parmer Award from the Structural Engineers Association of Illinois in 2000, the Forensic Engineer of the Year Award from the Technical Council on Forensic Engineering in 1991, and Civil Engineer of the Year Award from the Illinois Section of ASCE in 1979. In 1991, Janney was also elevated to Honorary Member status in ASCE. Janney’s early work in precast concrete also earned him recognition as one of 50 “Titans” of the precast/prestressed concrete industry at the 50th PCI anniversary conference in 2004.
Engineering News-Record (ENR) twice honored Janney with its “Those Who Made Marks” designation in 1967, for his full-scale testing (to failure) of several buildings at the New York World’s Fair and in 1982 for innovations employed in the rehabilitation of Chicago’s Soldier Field. In 1999 as part of its 125th anniversary, ENR selected Mr. Janney as one of its “125 Top People of the Past 125 Years” in the construction industry.
Janney retired as President of WJE and returned to his native Colorado in 1980. He remained an active member on WJE's Board of Directors until his death in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19924809" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924809" title="Maling, Nepal">
Maling, Nepal

Maling is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1745 people living in 337 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19924818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924818" title="Mohoriyakot">
Mohoriyakot

Mohoriyakot is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2564 people living in 512 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19924824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924824" title="Frame Toby">
Frame Toby

"Frame Toby" is the ninth episode of the fifth season of the television series "The Office", and the show's eighty-first episode overall. The episode aired in the United States on November 20, 2008 on NBC.
On November 25, 2008, a producer's cut of "Frame Toby" was posted on NBC.com. This cut ran approximately four minutes longer than the original airing. After nearly a two-year absence, this is the first producer's cut since season three's "The Return".
In this episode, Michael has trouble accepting the fact that his least favorite employee, HR rep Toby, has returned to the office and enlists Dwight's help to frame him for using drugs so he will be fired. Meanwhile, Pam is disgusted over a mess left in the microwave that no one bothers to clean up, and Jim buys his parents' house - without telling Pam.
Synopsis.
The episode starts with the staff eating brownies in the conference room. When Kelly picks two brownies, Ryan asks why she is taking two. She explains that she is taking one to Toby. Michael laughs because he believes that Toby is still in Costa Rica. Jim challenges him to go see for himself. He doesn't find Toby at first, but Toby comes up behind him and Michael screams in absolute horror.
Michael is upset when he learns that Toby (Paul Lieberstein) is back as their HR representative, particularly because he is in essence replacing Holly. He tries to get CFO David Wallace (Andy Buckley) to get rid of Toby, but Wallace refutes Michael's attempt. Michael says he has been unaware of Toby's return, which happened a week before as he hasn't gone back to the annex since Holly was transferred. Michael tries to pretend to be friends with Toby, but he finds himself unable to do so. He then schemes with Dwight (Rainn Wilson) to frame Toby for violating company policy. They attempt to set him up for sexual harassment by using Pam (Jenna Fischer) as bait, but Pam quickly defuses the scheme. Michael tries provoking Toby into punching him by ridicule, which proves fruitless. Finally, Michael decides to plant drugs in Toby's desk, and purchases what he believes to be marijuana for $500 from two Vance Refrigeration employees. Dwight calls the police, who arrive shortly afterward (much to the concern of Creed (Creed Bratton), who steps forward with hands upraised when they head towards Toby's desk, and hides in the conference room pretending to talk with the camera crew until the cops leave). The police apprehend Toby and search through his desk. Michael, starting to feel guilty, tries to take the blame, but the police discover that the planted "marijuana" is really a bag of Caprese salad. After the police leave, Toby calmly scolds Michael for wasting the cops' time when they could have been catching real criminals. Michael, however, is disgusted that Toby is more worried about the cops' time than about possibly being framed, and remains as hateful towards Toby as ever.
Pam gets frustrated when she finds a big mess in the microwave, and writes an anonymous memo on the microwave telling everyone to keep it clean. Her coworkers find the note to be snobbish - except for Angela (Angela Kinsey), who agrees with the message, and Ryan (B. J. Novak), who unsuccessfully tries to manipulate Pam into cleaning the microwave. Meredith all but admits to leaving the mess when she starts talking about how she doesn't have time to clean up after herself because she doesn't get paid to be a maid between her job at the office, tending to her children and being a part-time maid. Ryan later tells Kelly (Mindy Kaling) that they have to break up again, saying he is allegedly going on a long term trip to Thailand with friends, before asking for sex one last time and for any money she possesses.
It is revealed to the entire office that Jim (John Krasinski) bought his parents' house without asking Pam, mentioning to the camera crew that he is helping out his mother and getting a good deal. Jim begins to think keeping it a secret from Pam might have been a bad idea. Nevertheless, he takes her after work to show her. He gives her a tour of the imperfect house before showing her the garage, which he turned into an art studio for her. After noticing a seemingly disappointed look on Pam's face, and the fact that she has been speechless the entire tour, Jim tells her he acknowledges that the house is not perfect and that he took a big risk buying it without telling her. He lets her know that it is okay if she does not like it, but Pam excitedly tells him that she loves the house.
At the close of the episode, Dwight describes his perfect crime, which involves theft of a chandelier from Tiffany's, travel to Canada and Berlin, and having a son who becomes chief of police.

</doc>
<doc id="19924825" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924825" title="American Massacre">
American Massacre

American Massacre: The Tragedy At Mountain Meadows, September 1857 is a historical account of the Mountain Meadows massacre, the murder of 140 
members of a California bound wagon train and the plundering of their possessions in Southern Utah Territory written by investigative reporter and author Sally Denton.
Awards.
2003 New York Times Nonfiction Notable Book 
2004 Western Heritage Award Literary Winner for Outstanding Nonfiction Book 

</doc>
<doc id="19924855" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924855" title="Khait landslide">
Khait landslide

The Khait or Hoit landslide occurred on July 10, 1949 in the Hoit district in the Gharm Oblast in the Tajikistan, then part of the Soviet Union. The landslide was triggered by the 1949 Khait earthquake and buried 33 villages and has by some estimates killed 28,000 people. News of the landslide was not publicly revealed by the government and details of the disaster were not revealed until after the fall of the Soviet Union. A marble statue of a woman with her head and hands lowered and an expression of grief was later erected at the site.

</doc>
<doc id="19924856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924856" title="Eri Klas">
Eri Klas

Eri Klas (born in Tallinn, 1939) is an Estonian Jewish conductor.
Klas has mainly worked in the Nordic scene since, but might be best known for his work leading the defunct Netherlands Radio Symphony Orchestra. He premiered Alfred Schnittke's 1st Cello Concerto (Munich Philharmonic, 1986) and Peer Gynt ballet (Hamburg State Opera, 1989), and has worked on the diffussion of the Estonian symphonic repertory. He is also active as a pedagogue, holding professorships at the Sibelius Academy (1993–97) and the Estonian Academy of Music and Theatre (1997– ), where he has received an honorary doctorate.
He has been decorated the Order of the Lion of Finland (1992, on the occasion of Finland's 75th Independence Day) and the Order of the White Star, and is an UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador. In 1986 he was named a People's Artist of the USSR. A former Estonian lightweight junior boxing champion, he is also a member of the Estonian Olympic Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="19924888" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924888" title="Nalma">
Nalma

Nalma is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2082 people living in 409 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19924893" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924893" title="Nauthar">
Nauthar

Nauthar is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2053 people living in 410 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19924904" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924904" title="Neta, Gandaki">
Neta, Gandaki

Neta, Gandaki is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2017 people living in 395 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19924910" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924910" title="McLaren M28">
McLaren M28

The McLaren M28 is a Formula One racing car built and run by McLaren in the 1979 Formula One World Championship. Powered by a conventional Ford Cosworth 3-litre engine, the M28 was designed and wind tunnel tested during the latter half of 1978, at around the same time as Ronnie Peterson was mooted to join the team for the following season. The car was noticeably larger than contemporary designs and was much bulkier looking. The bulky design had a sharp impact on top speed, and the car was one of the slowest through speed traps. During initial testing, the M28 was soon found to have problems with poor grip as its ground effect design proved not particularly effective. However, it was still the preferred chassis over its predecessor the McLaren M26, and it was used during the first half of the 1979 season until a better design could be introduced. McLaren were never in the running for the championship with the car, however it earned points and came third in the Argentine Grand Prix, 6th in the Belgian GP and 4th at Monaco. Its drivers were Patrick Tambay and John Watson.
The M28 also raced in the colours of German beer company "Löwenbräu" at the 1979 US Grand Prix West.

</doc>
<doc id="19924914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924914" title="Wilfrid Burke">
Wilfrid Burke

Wilfrid Andrew Burke (23 November 1889 – 18 July 1968) was a British Trade union organiser and politician who achieved high office in the Labour Party and served as Member of Parliament (MP) for Burnley for 24 years. He was briefly in the Attlee government as Assistant Postmaster-General. After leaving the government he concentrated on party work, fighting Bevanites and serving as Chairman of the National Executive Committee.
Early life.
Burke was born in Liverpool, and went to Oulton College in the city. Burke then trained as a teacher and worked as such for several years, before going into commerce in Manchester in 1918. At the same time he joined the National Union of Distributive and Allied Workers, which later became the Union of Shop, Distributive and Allied Workers.
Manchester politics.
In 1920, Burke became Manchester area organiser for the union. His branch was a large one and Burke obtained its strong support, which saw him elected to the executive council of the Labour Party in Manchester; there he was helped by his work in his spare time campaigning for the party. At the 1924 general election, Burke was the Labour candidate for Manchester Blackley; the seat was held by Philip Oliver for the Liberal Party. Burke ended up coming narrowly third as Oliver lost the seat to the Conservative Party. Burke was thought to have polled well.
Burke was readopted as Labour candidate for the seat in March 1925. Before the 1929 general election came, he had fought several municipal elections. The contest was assessed by "The Times" as turning on the extent to which Labour encroached on the Liberal vote. Despite his campaigning experience Burke remained in third place, and Oliver regained his seat by 888 votes. Burke stood again in the 1931 general election, but was heavily defeated.
Member of Parliament for Burnley.
In October 1932, Burke was adopted as Labour Party candidate for Burnley, a constituency which had up until 1931 by party leader Arthur Henderson. The sitting member who had beaten Henderson was Vice-Admiral Gordon Campbell VC, a First World War hero elected as a 'National' candidate and not a Conservative; Campbell decided to stand as a Liberal National but was still reckoned to have a difficult fight. After a tough fight Burke won by 4,195 votes.
Textile industry.
Burnley was based on the textile industry and Burke concentrated on this subject when he arrived in Parliament. He was appointed to the Standing Committee considering the Cotton Spinning Industry Bill in 1936. He referred to the Lancashire saying "clogs to clogs in three generations", and asked for the appointments to the advisory committee under the Act to include textile workers rather than factory owners. He spoke in an all-night debate on unemployment assistance regulations in July 1936, blaming increased unemployment in Burnley on the National government's destroying the market for textiles in India.
In November 1936, referring to a speech by Sir Arnold Wilson praising Germany, Burke expressed his disappointment and dismay at "growing appreciation of the totalitarian state" by Conservative MPs. He launched a debate on location of industry later that month, calling for new industries to be diverted from London to areas of high unemployment. Burke regularly called for moves to preserve steady trade with overseas markets for Lancashire textiles, as when he argued in March 1939 in support of a Government Bill to create a fund to stabilise the exchange rate between Britain and China during the Second Sino-Japanese War; other Labour MPs had moved the rejection of the Bill.
Labour whip.
Burke played an active part in a joint committee of Cotton Trade organisations which was set up in advance of legislation to reorganise the industry in the late 1930s. When the proposals gathered the support of two thirds of the industry, Burke told a luncheon in January 1939 that they should confidently expect Government action. He spoke in favour of the Bill when it was introduced in March. Burke was appointed as a Whip for the Labour Party in 1941; however he voted against the Government's proposal to delay the implementation of the Beveridge Report in February 1943, and was replaced in October of that year.
Labour Party National Executive.
At the Labour Party conference in June 1943 Burke moved a resolution on behalf of his union, calling for an adequate rate of the old age pension. The resolution was carried. He was a member of the executive of the newly formed Anglo-French Inter-Parliamentary Committee in October 1944, and having been sponsored by the shopworkers' union to be a member of the National Executive Committee of the Labour Party from 1944, in August 1945 he was one of three fraternal delegates representing the Labour Party at the conference of the French Socialist Party. He was a member of many more international delegations during his time on the National Executive.
Assistant Postmaster-General.
Burke had an easy re-election at the 1945 general election, his result being one of the first to be announced. On 10 August he was appointed by new Prime Minister Clement Attlee as Assistant Postmaster-General, being the spokesman for his department in the House of Commons as the Postmaster-General was the Earl of Listowel.
In office, Burke's main job was to return the Royal Mail and the General Post Office (including the telephone system) to its pre-war function of serving civilian life, including reintroducing some services closed to aid the war effort. In March 1946 Burke and Listowel were able to announce the opening of several schemes to improve the service. Pressure was put on Burke by the Union of Post Office Workers and the Post Office Engineering Union to include Cable & Wireless in the Government's programme of nationalisation, pressure which was ultimately successful. The department expanded in spring 1946 when the Ministry of Information was abolished, and Burke announced the commencement of BBC radio broadcasts in Russian.
Despite progress made, Burke was unable to allow the resumption of the special 'Greetings Telegram' service in November 1946. The Post Office made a substantial profit of £36,191,000 in 1945-46, leading to a move by opposition MPs to lower charges. Burke was caught up in a minor diplomatic spat in April 1947 over BBC speeches by Henry A. Wallace criticising the United States Government; he insisted that the British Government did not intervene over the subject of talks, and received the support of his own side. Burke left office in October 1947.
Dissenting votes.
Out of office Burke retained his membership of the National Executive Committee, but began to dissent from some of the Government's legislation. In December 1948 he opposed the Licensing Bill, along with two other Labour MPs; and he supported a Liberal Party motion for a Royal Commission into war pensions in April 1949. At the 1950 general election, in addition to a Conservative Party candidate (their first in the division since 1929), he also faced nominees from the Communist Party of Great Britain and the Independent Labour Party. Burke won re-election by 7,049 votes.
Bevanism.
Burke topped the poll in the trade union section ballot for the Labour Party National Executive in October 1950. When the Bevanite faction in the Labour Party issued a pamphlet in September 1951, it attacked Burke for supporting Hugh Gaitskell's budget in the National Executive despite the fact that his union had put forward a motion at the Trades Union Congress criticising it. Burke was said to have hit back vigorously at the anonymous author of the pamphlet for disclosing confidential information and for misunderstanding the position of Trade Union members of the National Executive. When the shopworkers' union met at their 1952 conference, Burke was absent through illness; the Bevanites' position was backed by delegates. However the union continued to nominate him and he was re-elected to the National Executive in October of that year at the top of the poll.
National Executive Chairman.
Playing a decreasing role in Parliament, Burke became chairman of the Labour Party National Executive sub-committee on Commonwealth and Imperial affairs in November 1952. He served as Vice-Chairman of the National Executive in 1952-53, and was then elected as Chairman at the end of September 1953. Burke gave a Party Political Broadcast at the end of January 1954 calling for large firms to plough profits back into the company and get away from the "'grab all you can' atmosphere". As a fraternal delegate to the Co-operative Party conference, he made a speech which was interpreted as a criticism of Aneurin Bevan. Burke also had twice to inquire into the affairs of the Liverpool Exchange Constituency Labour Party, which was feuding with its forceful Member of Parliament Bessie Braddock.
Retirement.
Burke retired from the National Executive in 1956, and announced his decision to stand down from his Parliamentary seat at the next election. In December 1958 he presented a petition from Burnley along with 16 Mayors of Lancashire towns, calling for more Government help for the cotton trade. The Burnley petition claimed there was great despondency in the town. Burke left Parliament at the 1959 election, and died nine years later.

</doc>
<doc id="19924918" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924918" title="Pachok">
Pachok

Pachok is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2690 people living in 509 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19924923" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924923" title="Southern New Hampshire Fieldhouse">
Southern New Hampshire Fieldhouse

The Southern New Hampshire Fieldhouse is a 2,000 seat facility on the campus of Southern New Hampshire University in Manchester, New Hampshire. A part of their Athletics and Recreation Complex, it is home to the SNHU Penmen basketball & volleyball teams, numerous New Hampshire high school basketball tournaments, and was the home of the Manchester Millrats of the Premier Basketball League until their move to Saint John, New Brunswick.

</doc>
<doc id="19924925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924925" title="Parewadada">
Parewadada

Parewadada is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2633 people living in 528 individual households.
References.
<The major castes of the VDC are mainly Brahmins, Chhetris, kamis and Kumals. Major goddesses are JIBJIBE KALIKA, Manakamana. It is said that Jibjibe kalika is a strong goddess. Due to the lack of publicity and awareness, the strength is still uncovered. />

</doc>
<doc id="19924934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924934" title="Pasagaun">
Pasagaun

Pasagaun is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1856.

</doc>
<doc id="19924941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924941" title="Grace and Robert Miller Ranch">
Grace and Robert Miller Ranch

The Grace and Robert Miller Ranch represents an expansion of the previously existing Miller Cabin listing on the National Register of Historic Places. The ranch was the home of Robert E. Miller, first superintendent of Jackson Hole National Monument. The property was transferred to the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service as part of the National Elk Refuge.

</doc>
<doc id="19924948" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924948" title="Puranokot">
Puranokot

Puranokot is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1666 people living in 330 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19924955" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924955" title="Pyarjung">
Pyarjung

Pyarjung is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2256 people living in 443 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19924958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924958" title="Country E.P.">
Country E.P.

Country E.P. is a collaborative effort by Vermont based folk artist Anaïs Mitchell and Chicago based Rachel Ries. The five track E.P. was released on both 7” vinyl CD format, though the 7” vinyl was only available from Righteous Babe Records' online store.

</doc>
<doc id="19924959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924959" title="Queensbridge School">
Queensbridge School

Queensbridge School is a mixed, 11-16 comprehensive school in Moseley, West Midlands. The school has been awarded specialist Arts College status.

</doc>
<doc id="19924962" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924962" title="Rangha">
Rangha

Ramgha is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2327 people living in 446 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19924971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924971" title="Samibhanjyang">
Samibhanjyang

Samibhanjyang is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1399 people living in 268 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19924980" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924980" title="Shree Bhanjyang">
Shree Bhanjyang

Shree Bhanjyang is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2080 people living in 409 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19924986" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19924986" title="Simpani, Gandaki">
Simpani, Gandaki

Simpani, Gandaki is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3185 people living in 607 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19925000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925000" title="Sindure">
Sindure

Sindure is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1822 people living in 336 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19925005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925005" title="Sundarbazar">
Sundarbazar

Sundarbazar is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3694 people living in 785 individual households.
Sundarbazar is the education center of the Lamjung district. There are two campuses affiliated by Tribhuvan University Nepal, Matribhumi and Lamjung. There is also Adarsa Bal High School.

</doc>
<doc id="19925018" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925018" title="Suryapal">
Suryapal

Suryapal is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1655 people living in 332 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19925027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925027" title="Taghring">
Taghring

Taghring is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2106 people living in 401 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19925028" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925028" title="Fawcett Memorial Hospital">
Fawcett Memorial Hospital

Fawcett Memorial Hospital is a 238 bed for profit acute-care hospital at 21298 Olean Boulevard in Port Charlotte, Florida. It is owned by Hospital Corporation of America (commonly known as HCA). The hospital's slogan is "Our family caring for your's." It is certified in many fields, including stroke, cardiology/chest pain, and cancer. It also has a level 2 trauma center.

</doc>
<doc id="19925030" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925030" title="Homothallic">
Homothallic

Homothallic refers to the possession, within a single organism, of the resources to reproduce sexually.
Having male and female reproductive structures on the same thallus.  The opposite sexual functions are performed by different cells of a single mycelium.
It can be contrasted to heterothallic.
It is often used to categorize fungi. In yeast, heterothallic cells have mating types a and α. An experienced mother cell (one that has divided at least once) will switch mating type every cell division cycle because of the "HO" allele.
Sexual reproduction commonly occurs in two fundamentally different ways in fungi. These are outcrossing (in heterothallic fungi) in which two different individuals contribute nuclei to form a zygote, and self-fertilization or selfing (in homothallic fungi) in which both nuclei are derived from the same individual. 
Among the 250 known species of aspergilli, about 36% have an identified sexual state. Among those "Aspergillus" species for which a sexual cycle has been observed, the majority in nature are homothallic (self-fertilizing). Selfing in the homothallic fungus "Aspergillus nidulans" involves activation of the same mating pathways characteristic of sex in outcrossing species, i.e. self-fertilization does not bypass required pathways for outcrossing sex but instead requires activation of these pathways within a single individual. Fusion of haploid nuclei occurs within reproductive structures termed cleistothecia, in which the diploid zygote undergoes meiotic divisions to yield haploid ascospores.
A lichen is a composite organism consisting of a fungus and a photosynthetic partner that are growing together in a symbiotic relationship. The photosynthetic partner is usually either a green alga or a cyanobacterium. Lichens occur in some of the most extreme environments on Earth—arctic tundra, hot deserts, rocky coasts, and toxic slag heaps. Most lichenized fungi produce abundant sexual structures and in many species sexual spores appear to be the only means of dispersal (Murtagh et al., 2000). The lichens "Graphis scripta" and "Ochrolechia parella" do not produce symbiotic vegetative propagules. Rather the lichen forming fungi of these species reproduce sexually by self-fertilization (i.e. they are homothallic), and it was proposed that this breeding system allows successful reproduction in harsh environments. (Murtagh et al., 2000).
Homothallism appears to be common in natural populations of fungi. Although self-fertilization employs meiosis, it produces minimal genetic variability. Homothallism is thus a form of sex that is unlikely to be adaptively maintained by a benefit related to producing variability. However, homothallic meiosis may be maintained in fungi as an adaptation for surviving stressful conditions; a proposed benefit of meiosis is the promoted homologous meiotic recombinational repair of DNA damages that are ordinarily caused by a stressful environment.
References.
2.http://www.thefreedictionary.com

</doc>
<doc id="19925034" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925034" title="Asian Kung-Fu Generation discography">
Asian Kung-Fu Generation discography

This is the comprehensive listing of official releases by Japanese rock band Asian Kung-Fu Generation.

</doc>
<doc id="19925037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925037" title="Tandrang, Lamjung">
Tandrang, Lamjung

Tandrang, Lamjung is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2293 people living in 453 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19925041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925041" title="Rick Greene">
Rick Greene

Richard Douglas Greene, Jr. (born January 2, 1971 in Fort Knox, Kentucky) is a former right-handed Major League Baseball relief pitcher who appeared in one game for the Cincinnati Reds in 1999. He was 6'5" tall and he weighed 200 pounds.
Amateur Career
Prior to playing professional baseball, Greene attended Coral Gables High School and then Louisiana State University. He helped lead LSU to victory in the 1991 College World Series.
Originally drafted by the New York Yankees in the 14th round of the 1989 draft, Greene chose not to sign. However, when he was chosen 16th overall in the 1992 draft by the Detroit Tigers, he did sign. 
Professional Playing Career
He competed in the 1992 Barcelona Olympics, so he did not play professionally that year. He began his professional career in 1993, splitting time between the Lakeland Tigers and London Tigers. In a combined 49 relief appearances, he went 4-5 with a 6.33 ERA. In 1993, he was ranked the sixth best prospect in the Tigers organization by Baseball America. In 1994, he split the season between the Lakeland Tigers and Trenton Thunder, going 1-5 with a 5.64 ERA in 39 games. That year, he started the only two games of his professional career and he was ranked the fifth best prospect in the Tigers organization by Baseball America. He also earned the first save in Trenton Thunder history that season. He showed a marked improvement in 1995 while pitching for the Jacksonville Suns. For them he went 6-2 with a 3.49 ERA in 32 appearances. He again pitched for the Suns in 1996, going 2-7 with 30 saves and a 4.98 ERA in 57 appearances and earning an All Star berth. In 1997, he played for the Toledo Mud Hens, going 6-8 with a 2.83 ERA in 57 games. On November 20, 1997, he was traded with Mike Myers and Santiago Perez to the Milwaukee Brewers for Bryce Florie and cash.
Greene spent only one season in the Brewers farm system - 1998. Pitching for the Louisville Redbirds, he went 6-6 with a 3.51 ERA and 18 saves in 58 games. He was granted free agency on October 15.
Signed by the Reds on February 9, 1999, Greene went 5-7 with a 3.69 ERA in 61 appearances for their Triple-A minor league affiliate the Indianapolis Indians. He made his lone big league appearance on June 19 of that year, against the Milwaukee Brewers. Coming to relieve for Ron Villone (who lasted only 1/3 of an inning because he gave up six earned runs), Greene pitched 5 innings, allowing seven hits, four runs and three earned runs while walking one batter and striking out two. He gave up a home run to the first batter he ever faced, José Valentín and his ERA for the game was 4.76.
Granted free agency on October 10, 1999, Greene was signed by the Minnesota Twins and began the 2000 season with the Salt Lake Buzz. For them he went 2-2 with a 5.81 ERA in 22 appearances. He then wound up in the Reds organization again, appearing in 32 games for the Louisville RiverBats, going 4-4 with a 2.82 ERA in 32 games. Overall, he went 6-6 with a 4.04 ERA. 
He wrapped up his professional career in 2001, pitching for the Baton Rouge Blue Marlins of the All-American Association. An All-Star, he led the league that year with 21 saves.
Post-baseball Activities
Having been affected by cancer, Rick felt a duty to help find a cure. The 2 Seam Dream Foundation was established by Green in March 2012 and. The 2 Seam Dream Foundation promotes healthy living through disease awareness, the funding of high quality life programs and the promotion of activities to enhance lives and to raise awareness for cancer research, and to aid in the support of patient recovery activities. 
For more information, or to help #StrikeoutCancer, visit the website: 2seamdreamfoundation.org

</doc>
<doc id="19925050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925050" title="Tarku, Nepal">
Tarku, Nepal

Tarku, Nepal is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1695 people living in 335 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19925054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925054" title="Whitechapel and St Georges by-election, 1930">
Whitechapel and St Georges by-election, 1930

The Whitechapel and St George's by-election, 1930 was a parliamentary by-election held on 3 December 1930 for the British House of Commons constituency of Whitechapel and St George's in the Metropolitan Borough of Stepney.
Vacancy.
The seat had become vacant when the constituency's Labour Member of Parliament (MP), Harry Gosling, died on 24 October 1930. He had been MP for the seat since a 1923 by-election.
Electoral history.
The constituency was a Labour/Liberal marginal that had been won by Labour at every election from 1922 onwards. Usually the Unionists had not fielded a candidate but intervened at the last election, helping to split the ant-Labour vote and give Labour its biggest ever win here;
Candidates.
The Labour candidate was 53 year old J. H. Hall. He was contesting his first parliamentary election. He was an Alderman of neighbouring Stepney Borough Council, and was employed as a foreman by the Port of London Authority. He was sponsored by the Transport and General Workers' Union, like his predecessor.
The Liberal candidate selected on 3 November 1930 was 38 year old Barnett Janner. He had been Liberal candidate for Cardiff Central at the 1929 election, where he had finished third. Later in the year he moved to Hendon, north London, and took up employment as company secretary and solicitor for his father-in-law's business. In 1926 he was elected to the Board of Deputies of British Jews, and subsequently became a member of the executive of the English Zionist Federation. Janner's Jewish background was thought ideal as the Jewish population made up a third of the constituency. In September 1930, before Gosling had died, Liberal leader, David Lloyd George had identified Janner as a suitable candidate. However, there were other Liberals who had been in the running to win the candidate nomination, notably local councillor and social worker, Miss Miriam Moses.
The Conservative Party candidate was 24 years old Loel Guinness. He had contested the seat for the Conservatives in the 1929 general election.
The Communist candidate was 40 year old Harry Pollitt, the Party's new General Secretary. He had stood against the Prime Minister, Ramsay MacDonald, at Seaham in the 1929 general election.
Campaign.
Although the Liberal party was not expecting to overturn such a large Labour majority, they hoped to do well enough in the by-election to help encourage the party in the rest of the country. Lloyd George ensured that the Liberal's campaign was sufficiently funded through the 'Lloyd George Fund'. 
Janner campaigned in opposition to the government's policy on Palestine. On 20 October 1930, the Labour government's Passfield white paper was issued, which proposed the introduction of severe restrictions on Jewish immigration to Palestine. This went down particularly well in the Whitechapel area of the constituency. 
The TGWU were worried that the Labour candidate would lose Jewish support and the seat because of the government's white paper. The Union's Secretary, Ernest Bevin met with Dov Hoz and the visiting Jewish Labour movement in Palestine, the Poale Zion, who were unhappy about the government's proposals. He persuaded them to publically back the Labour candidate, which put them in conflict with many members of the British Poale Zion. Dov Hoz agreed to share a platform with Bevin and Hall at a Labour campaign rally. At the meeting, following the speech from Bevin, Hoz got up to speak and was howled down by the audience. The meeting became so disrupted that the police were called in to restore order. Hoz accused the Liberal candidate Janner, of exploiting the white paper for his own political ends.
Result.
Despite a massive swing to the Liberals, Hall held onto the seat on a much reduced majority;
Hall blamed the fall in the Labour vote on the economic difficulties faced by the Labour Government, and on a "flood of misrepresentation" from the government's opponents.
Aftermath.
Hall held the seat until Janner took it for the Liberals at the 1931 election. Guinness was elected MP for Bath at the same elections; 

</doc>
<doc id="19925057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925057" title="Sead Mehić">
Sead Mehić

Sead Mehić (born 8 April 1975 in Bijeljina, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Bosnian former footballer.
Career.
On 17 May 2010, Mehić left FSV Frankfurt of the 2. Fußball-Bundesliga and signed with 3. Liga club Kickers Offenbach.

</doc>
<doc id="19925061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925061" title="Tarkughat">
Tarkughat

Tarkughat is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2650 people living in 536 individual households. This village lies at the bank of Marsyangdi river.

</doc>
<doc id="19925063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925063" title="Kimi to Iu Hana">
Kimi to Iu Hana

Music video.
The music video for "Kimi to Iu Hana" was directed by Toshiaki Toyoda. A majority of the PV was filmed near a lake and an apartment complex. The video begins with a small man dressed in an elf costume dancing to the song while walking across a pier. AKG is then shown performing between the apartments and the lake. This is intercut with various scenes which depict the band running, angling, and finally joining the man in dancing across the pier. The video ends with an image of a flower dangling on a fishing hook. In 2004, the video won the award for Best New Artist Video at the SPACE SHOWER Music Video Awards.
Cover versions.
Marié Digby - Second Home (2009)

</doc>
<doc id="19925069" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925069" title="Udipur">
Udipur

Udipur is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2234 people living in 477 individual households.
References.
In This VDC Mostiy lives Gurungs,Bhramins,Kamis etc.This VDC is gose to developed ahead.

</doc>
<doc id="19925073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925073" title="Mirai no Kakera">
Mirai no Kakera

Music video.
The music video for "Mirai no Kakera" was directed by Suguru Takeuchi. The PV features the band performing the song in a pitch-black environment. As they play, a mysterious woman wearing a hideously cartoonish, cardboard mask resembling Gotō's face dances to the song.

</doc>
<doc id="19925074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925074" title="Uttarkanya">
Uttarkanya

Uttarkanya is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1401 people living in 278 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19925095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925095" title="Gulf Coast Archive and Museum">
Gulf Coast Archive and Museum

The Gulf Coast Archive and Museum of Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual and Transgender History (GCAM) is an LGBT history organization located in Neartown, Houston, Texas (United States).
GCAM was created to collect, preserve and provide access to historical items from the LGBT community of the Gulf Coast area of Texas.
The archive encourages education of and research by anyone interested in learning about any aspects of the LGBT community. The organization sponsors meetings for the dissemination of information and display of collected materials.
History.
GCAM began meeting in July 1999 and officially incorporated in May 2000. The initial opening of the museum doors occurred Friday, June 16, 2000, in a small shared warehouse space on Capitol Street.
By June 2001, the museum had moved into an apartment on West Main Street.
In May 2005, GCAM officially closed its museum to focus on preserving the history of the community.
Exhibits.
June through September 2004, GCAM was proud to be able to assist the Holocaust Museum Houston to present Nazi Persecution of Homosexuals 1933–1945.

</doc>
<doc id="19925114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925114" title="Prison Break (season 2)">
Prison Break (season 2)

The second season of "Prison Break", an American serial drama television series, commenced airing in the United States on August 21, 2006 on Mondays at 9:00 pm (EST) on the Fox Broadcasting Company. "Prison Break" is produced by Adelstein-Parouse Productions, in association with Rat Television, Original Television Movie and 20th Century Fox Television. The season contains 22 episodes, and concluded on April 2, 2007. Series creator Paul Scheuring describes the second season as ""The Fugitive" times eight", and likens it to the "second half of "The Great Escape"".
"Prison Break" revolves around two brothers: one who has been sentenced to death for a crime he did not commit and his younger sibling, a genius who devises an elaborate plan to help him escape prison. The brothers, along with six other prisoners at Fox River State Penitentiary, manage to escape, and the second season follows a massive manhunt chasing the group. Dubbed the Fox River Eight, the group splits and members go their individual way, occasionally meeting up to help each other. They struggle to escape from the police while avoiding a secret group of multinationals called The Company, that wants them all dead.
For the season, three characters are downgraded from series regular to recurring status, and a new character is introduced. Filming took place in Dallas, Texas due to a close proximity of rural and urban settings. For the final three episodes, scenes were filmed in Pensacola, Florida to represent Panama. Critical reviews of the season were generally positive, with the addition of William Fichtner to the cast receiving much praise. Fox Home Entertainment released the season in Region 1 on September 4, 2007.
Production.
Filming.
Filming began on June 15, 2006 in Dallas, Texas due to a close proximity of rural and urban settings. Executive producer Matt Olmstead stated that the filming location was changed from Chicago in the first season to Dallas in the second season because the characters were on the run. Many locations were needed to represent various American towns, which Dallas provided, whereas locations within Chicago took several hours to travel between. Olmstead noted, "It really came down to a financial thing." Other locations that were considered for filming were New Mexico, Arizona and Louisiana. Dallas was chosen because of its "resourcefulness, cost effectiveness and variety with regard to activities available for the crew", which was considered to be a major component for the final decision. Filming took place in Dallas for nine to ten months, where 20 of the 22 episodes were shot. The series was expected to bring $50 million into the city of Dallas. For the final three episodes of season two, filming took place in Pensacola, Florida to represent Panama. Filming for each episode took place over eight days, which contributed approximately $1.4 million to the local economy.
Release.
Critical reception.
Mike Duffy of the "Detroit Free Press" commended the premiere for delivering "rocking good entertainment," and living up to the standard set by the first season. Duffy praised the "motley crew of cellblock characters" and the "taut, ingenious storytelling of series creator Paul T. Scheuring and his staff." Robert Bianco of "USA Today" commented on the "harebrained absurdities that have swamped this show", and accused the writers of being "incredibly lazy" for the continuous use of the tattoo as an "all-purpose plot fix". Ahsan Haque and Christopher Monfette of IGN credited the creators for not being afraid to take risks, which they felt "paid off for the most part". The reviewers found the biggest success factors to be "the constant swerves and twists" throughout the season, and "the development of the hero-villain relationship between Scofield and Mahone".
The addition of Mahone was well received by critics, who often referred to him as Michael's nemesis. Rob Owen of the "Pittsburgh Post-Gazette" found Mahone to be "a far more worthy adversary for Michael than prison guard Brad Bellick... who's still after the convicts but seems like a cartoon compared to the Inspector Javert-like Mahone." Brian Zoromski from IGN believes that the "strongest portions of 'Manhunt' deal with the introduction of a new character, an FBI Agent named Alexander Mahone, played by the great character actor William Fichtner." Digital Spy's Ben Rawson-Jones praised the "wonderful" Fichtner, claiming he "quickly became more appealing than the brooding hero himself". Robert Bianco of "USA Today" said that Fichtner was a welcome addition to the cast, and Andy Dehnart from MSNBC called Mahone the best new character of season two.
Ratings.
The premiere of the season obtained an average of 9.40 million American viewers, a decrease from the 10.50 million viewers who watched the series premiere, and the 10.24 million viewers who watch the first season finale. The season obtained its largest audience with the episode, "Chicago", which averaged 10.12 million viewers; however, the season finale received one of the lowest audiences in the series' history with 8.12 million viewers. The season averaged 9.30 million American viewers for all 22 episodes. Out of all regular primetime programming that aired during the 2005–2006 American television season, "Prison Break" ranked #51 out of #142, according to the Nielsen ratings system. In Australia, the season premiere was watched by an average of 1.22 million viewers, however ratings dropped consistently throughout the season. In the United Kingdom, ratings declined from an average audience share of 9% in the first season to 8.5% in the second. The season's penultimate episode, "Fin Del Camino", was viewed by an average of 1.20 million viewers, gaining a 7% audience share. As a result of the declining ratings during the season, Five decided not to air the third season and it was picked up by Sky1. "Prison Break" was simulcast in Canada on Global, where it ranked in the top ten of the highest rated television series.
Awards.
The season was nominated for five awards, winning one. Dominic Purcell won the Australian Film Institute International Award for Best Actor. Work on the episode "Disconnect" was nominated for two Motion Picture Sound Editors Golden Reel Awards. Music editor David Klotz was nominated for Best Sound Editing in Music for Television — Short Form. The supervising sound editor, along with four foley artists and four sound effects editors were nominated for Best Sound Editing in Sound Effects and Foley for Television — Short Form. At the 2007 Teen Choice Awards, Wentworth Miller was nominated for Choice TV Actor: Drama, and Robert Knepper was nominated for Choice TV: Villain.
Episodes.
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

</doc>
<doc id="19925128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925128" title="A Snowflake Fell (and It Felt Like a Kiss)">
A Snowflake Fell (and It Felt Like a Kiss)

A Snowflake Fell (and It Felt Like a Kiss) is a Christmas-themed EP by the Scottish indie rock band Glasvegas, released on 1 December 2008 via Columbia Records.
Recording, mixing & mastering.
The album was recorded in the United States and Romania over twelve days in October 2008. The band spent one week recording with Rich Costey, who they had previously worked with earlier in the year on their eponymous debut studio album, "Glasvegas". The band then flew to Transylvania where they spent a further week recording in a Citadel which they converted into a small recording studio. The Concentus Choir, featured on the track "Silent Night/Noapte de Vis," was recorded at St. Nicholas Church in Braşov.
Release and reception.
"A Snowflake Fell (and It Felt Like a Kiss)" was released as a limited edition standalone CD and as part of a special edition double CD with the band's debut album "Glasvegas", featured in a small box with fold-out poster, and separately as a digital download. The album has reached number 59 on the Swedish Albums Chart. The song "A Snowflake Fell (and It Felt Like a Kiss)" has reached number 17 on the Swedish Singles Chart and number 95 on the UK Singles Chart. "Please Come Back Home" has also reached number 76 on the UK Singles Chart.

</doc>
<doc id="19925213" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925213" title="USS West Ekonk (ID-3313)">
USS West Ekonk (ID-3313)

USS "West Ekonk" (ID-3313) was a cargo ship for the United States Navy during World War I. She was later known as SS "West Ekonk" in civilian service under American registry, and as SS "Empire Wildebeeste" under British registry.
"West Ekonk" was launched for the in June 1918 as a part of the "West" ships, a series of steel-hulled cargo ships built on the West Coast of the United States for the World War I war effort. At one point "West Ekonk" had the distinction of being the ninth fastest-built ocean-going ship in the world. Pressed into cargo service for the US Navy, USS "West Ekonk" was commissioned into the and completed three round-trip voyages to Europe for the Navy. After decommissioning in mid 1919, she was briefly in cargo service out of Baltimore and New York before being laid up in Norfolk, Virginia.
"West Ekonk" was reactivated for cargo service out of Los Angeles in early 1924. By 1926, she was sailing out of New York and called at ports such as Liverpool and Hamburg. In 1933, she was sold to the Lykes Brothers Steamship Company and operated for two of its subsidiary shipping lines through the mid-1930s. In late 1940 she was sold to British interests to help fill the United Kingdom's urgent need for merchant ships.
After sailing to the UK as "West Ekonk", the ship was renamed "Empire Wildebeeste" and sailed in transatlantic convoys, making three round-trips between March 1941 and December 1942. On the westbound leg at the beginning of her fourth round-trip, she straggled behind her convoy and was torpedoed and sunk by on 24 January 1942. Nine men died in the attack; the 22 survivors were rescued by American destroyer and landed at Bermuda.
Design and construction.
The "West" ships were cargo ships of similar size and design built by several shipyards on the West Coast of the United States for the for emergency use during World War I. All were given names that began with the word "West", like "West Ekonk", one of some 24 "West" ships built by Skinner & Eddy of Seattle, Washington. "West Ekonk" (Skinner & Eddy No. 25; No. 1178) was laid down on 16 April 1918. She was launched on 22 June with an elapsed time of 57 working days—67 calendar days—from keel laying to launch. "West Ekonk" was completed on 13 July, 73 working days after her keel laying, and in a list of the ten fastest-constructed ocean-going ships compiled in 1920 by Edward N. Hurley, the wartime chairman of the , "West Ekonk" was listed as the ninth fastest-constructed ship in the world.
"West Ekonk" was the fourth ship built under a contract that called for Skinner & Eddy to deliver 14 ships at a cost of $1,672,000 each, but the cost of extras during her construction added $35,268. Skinner & Eddy received a $69,200 bonus for "West Ekonk"s early completion, which brought the total cost of the ship to $1,776,468.
"West Ekonk" was , and was long (between perpendiculars) and abeam. "West Ekonk" had a steel hull and a deadweight tonnage of . The ship had a single steam turbine that drove her single screw propeller which moved the ship at an pace.
World War I.
After her 13 July 1918 completion, "West Ekonk" was handed over to the United States Navy for use in the and assigned the identification number 3313. She was commissioned at Seattle, as USS "West Ekonk" (ID-3313) the same day with Lieutenant Commander Richard Willowden, , in command.
"West Ekonk" sailed to Port Costa, California, and took on a load of wheat flour and sailed for New York, via the Panama Canal, on 24 July. After reaching New York on 27 August, "West Ekonk" joined a France-bound convoy, departing on 4 September.
"West Ekonk" arrived at Brest, France, on 19 September, discharged her cargo, and headed back to New York on 30 September. She took on a load of freight consigned to the Italian government and set out for Genoa in early November. "West Ekonk" was en route to Italy when the Armistice that ended fighting was signed on 11 November. After completing her trip, she made another cargo run to Genoa, sailing from New York in late January 1919 and returning on 3 April 1919. Six days later "West Ekonk" was decommissioned and returned to the .
Interwar career.
"West Ekonk"s activities immediately after her return to the in April are not known, but in mid-June "The Washington Post" reported that "West Ekonk" would be among the 26 ships allocated to sail out of Baltimore beginning later in the month. In early March 1920, "The New York Times" reported on "West Ekonk"s arrival in New York from Liverpool, and in April and June reported on "West Ekonk"s departure to and arrival from Hamburg.
After being laid up in a reserve fleet in Norfolk, Virginia, some time after mid 1920, "West Ekonk" was one of two ships reactivated for service out of Los Angeles in early 1924. By early 1926, however, "West Ekonk" was sailing from Galveston, Texas, to Liverpool, sometimes carrying passengers in addition to freight. In December 1927, "West Ekonk"s master and chief engineer each received a $50 bonus from the Conservation Committee of the Merchant Fleet Corporation when "West Ekonk" was named to an honor roll for efficient operation; they were one of 50 duos so honored. On 23 December 1928, "West Ekonk" was anchored in the River Thames at Gravesend, Kent, United Kingdom when she was struck by the British cargo ship and sustained damage to her port bow.
In 1933, "West Ekonk" was sold to Lykes Brothers Steamship Company and home-ported at Houston, Texas. "West Ekonk" sailed for the Dixie UK Line, a subsidiary operation of Lykes, for most of 1935, sailing between Galveston and Liverpool. By December 1935, "West Ekonk" had begun sailing for another subsidiary of Lykes Brothers, the Ripley Steamship Company, and continued sailing on the same Galveston–Liverpool route through September 1937. "West Ekonk"s activities over the next three years are not recorded.
World War II.
In November 1940, while the United States was still neutral, the , a successor to the , granted Lykes Brothers permission to sell "West Ekonk" and five other cargo ships to the British Ministry of War Transport (MoWT). After "West Ekonk" took on a load of steel and scrap, the ship sailed to Halifax, where she joined convoy HX 99 in sailing for Liverpool on 26 December 1940. On 30 December, the ship's compass went out but "West Ekonk" was able to remain in her station in the convoy, and safely arrived at Liverpool on 11 January 1941, despite sailing through a gale with sleet storms on 4 January. In his notes for the convoy, P. E. Parker, the convoy's commodore, singled out H. MacKinnon, master of "West Ekonk", for praise of his seamanship in keeping "West Ekonk" in the convoy without a working compass.
After her arrival at Liverpool, "West Ekonk" was renamed "Empire Wildebeeste"—MoWT ships taking a name prefixed with "Empire" and joined westbound convoy OB 293 in sailing for the United States on 2 March 1941. The convoy dispersed four days later, and though seven ships were sunk by four German submarines, "Empire Wildebeeste" safely docked at Baltimore on 24 March. After sailing to Hampton Roads, Virginia, on 1 April and on to Halifax on 6 April, "Empire Wildebeeste" was scheduled to sail as a part of HX 120 on 10 April, but apparently did not arrive in time. She instead sailed in convoy HX 121 which departed Halifax six days later. Convoy HX 121 was attacked by two U-boats on 28 April and four ships were hit, two ahead of "Empire Wildebeeste" and two to the starboard. Even though another ship was sunk on 1 May, "Empire Wildebeeste" successfully delivered her cargo of pig iron to Middlesbrough on 7 May.
After making her way across the Atlantic independently, "Empire Wildebeeste" arrived at Norfolk, Virginia, on 25 June. After making intermediate stops in Baltimore and Hampton Roads, she sailed for Halifax with a load of scrap iron on 17 July, reaching her destination three days later. She departed in convoy HX 140 on 22 July and arrived at Belfast Lough on 5 August and Newport on 8 August. After arriving at Milford Haven on 25 August, she sailed from there two days later in convoy ON 10 for Halifax, where she arrived on 13 September. From there, "Empire Wildebeeste" sailed to Montreal and back to Halifax by 5 October. She departed Halifax that same day as a part of convoy HX 153, but had unspecified problems that caused her to drop out and put in at St. John's, Newfoundland, on 11 October. After aborted attempts to sail east in convoys SC 50 and SC 52, "Empire Wildebeeste" finally reached Loch Ewe on 25 November as a part of convoy SC 54 and Methil on 30 November.
After "Empire Wildebeeste" made a trip to Hull and back by 23 December, she sailed to Loch Ewe five days later and then departed from Liverpool on 2 January 1942 as a part of convoy ON 53. "Empire Wildebeeste" strayed behind even before the convoy dispersed on 19 January, and was left to sail on to Baltimore independently. At 06:53 on 24 January, "Empire Wildebeeste" was struck by a torpedo launched from under the command of "Kapitänleutnant" Hermann Rasch. "Empire Wildebeeste" went down at position ; eight crewmen and one naval gunner were killed during the attack and sinking. American destroyer was dispatched from Bermuda to pick up the master, 18 crewmen, and three gunners, and landed them in Bermuda.

</doc>
<doc id="19925220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925220" title="Enrique Flores Magón">
Enrique Flores Magón

Enrique Flores Magón (13 April 1877 – 28 October 1954) was a Mexican journalist and politician, associated with the Mexican Liberal Party and anarchism. His name is most frequently linked with that of his elder brother, Ricardo Flores Magón, and the political philosophy they espoused, "magonismo". Another brother was Jesús Flores Magón.
Biography.
He was born in Teotitlán del Camino
(since renamed Teotitlán de Flores Magón) in the state of Oaxaca on 13 April 1877, 
to Margarita Magón and Teodoro Flores, a Nahua who had fought in Benito Juárez's Liberal Army. 
At an early age the family relocated to Mexico City. He was a student in the capital in 1884 when demonstrations broke out against the third re-election of President Porfirio Díaz.
By 1902 he and his brother Ricardo, working on the anti-Díaz broadsheet "El hijo de El Ahuizote," were arrested and incarcerated in the military prison at Santiago Tlatelolco. While in prison the brothers explored the ideas of writers such as Kropotkin, Faure, Errico Malatesta, Maxim Gorki, and Proudhon and discussed the possibility of disseminating anarchist ideas in Mexico. 
Upon their release from prison in January 1903, the brothers returned to publishing "El hijo del Ahuizote" and, on 5 February of that year, Enrique Flores Magón drew a banner declaring "The Constitution is Dead", which they hung in front of its offices. 
On 2 April 1903, they and other liberals stormed a pro-Díaz demonstration and succeeded in turning it into an anti-Díaz event, calling for the dictator's death. On 11 April Enrique Flores Magón was arrested again; he was later released, but subject to a ban on publishing any written materials. As a result, Enrique and Ricardo left Mexico for the United States, arriving in Laredo, Texas in late 1903. 
Enrique lived in several cities around the U.S. and Canada, concealing his identity, constantly changing address, and frequently losing contact with Ricardo. In St. Louis, Missouri, he helped draft the platform of the Mexican Liberal Party (PLM).
He recommenced publication in the United States of the newspaper "Regeneración," 
which the brothers had founded in 1900, and organized a clandestine network for its distribution in Mexico. He continued in these endeavours until 1917, when he left the Organizing Committee of the PLM and the "Regeneración" editorial team.
Following Ricardo's death in 1922, he returned to Mexico in 1923, where he had a series of disagreements with former magonistas. 
In 1933 he helped leaders of the National Agrarian League found the Confederación Campesina Mexicana in San Luis Potosí.
He died in Mexico City on 28 October 1954.

</doc>
<doc id="19925221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925221" title="Mary Rose Academy">
Mary Rose Academy

Mary Rose Academy (formerly Mary Rose School) is a 2-19 special school with academy status, located in Portsmouth, Hampshire, England. It opened in February 2007 and educates 110 pupils. The opening of Mary Rose School, due for September 2006, was delayed by design and construction issues. The school takes children with a wide range of severe and complex learning needs. Mary Rose School was awarded specialist Sports College status in 2008 and converted to academy status in November 2013. The school was then renamed Mary Rose Academy.
Wheelchair basketball player and Paralympic broadcaster Ade Adepitan formally opened the school in 2007 and officially opened its specialist sports college status in October 2008.
Many of the school's pupils have physical disabilities and health issues. Headteacher Alison Beane has stated that "Sport, wellbeing and fitness all go together to help move with disabilities or health issues forward, to develop their physical skills" and noted sport is a great motivating element. The school also co-operates with Priory School in Southsea, which promotes excellence in physical education and community sport.
Achieving sports college status means that after the school raised £20,000, the government provided £100,000 in capital build funding to develop "The Studio", a room for dance, gymnastics, fitness work including sensory integration with sound, lighting, and space. In addition, the school will receive £60,000 a year over the following four years toward staffing and community partnership enhancements.
In the report of their November 2007 inspection, Ofsted gave the school an overall assessment of "Good", point two on a four point scale. However, both the Foundation Stage and the sixth form were assessed as "Outstanding".

</doc>
<doc id="19925224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925224" title="Crimetime (film)">
Crimetime (film)

Crimetime is a British thriller film starring Stephen Baldwin, Pete Postlethwaite, Sadie Frost and directed by George Sluizer.
Plot.
"Crimetime" is set in the future where the media is nearly omnipotent. When an unemployed actor named Bobby (Stephen Baldwin) is hired to play a serial killer on a crime reenactment television series he desires to understand the killer's motivations and begins researching the crimes getting police officers to describe the grisly details of recent murders. Bobby becomes an expert and a star, which delights the real culprit and inspires him to go on to even more lurid, headline-grabbing crimes.
Reception.
"Crimetime" was released to negative critical reaction mainly noting the confusion of the plot. Shlomo Schwartzberg of "Boxoffice" magazine stated ""Crime Time" makes little sense at its best of times. At its worst, it's unwatchable." Channel 4 in their review noted that in spite of " a decent cast and the odd stylistic flourish this psychodrama is dragged down by histrionic plotting, clunky talk and general sense of confusion over what it wants to be."

</doc>
<doc id="19925239" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925239" title="Michael Lomax (boxer)">
Michael Lomax (boxer)

Michael Lomax (born 25 September 1978 in Chingford, London is a British Welterweight boxer. Nicknamed "The Look", Lomax is a former ABA champion and was the winner of Prizefighter 3: The Welterweights
Early career.
In July 2005, at the age of 25, Lomax began his professional boxing career with a decision victory over journeyman Ernie Smith. Lomax boxed his way to a 10-0 record before a points draw with Silence Saheed ended his winning run in March 2007. On 6 July 2007, Lomax was outclassed on his way to a points defeat to Craig Watson.
Prizefighter.
During the Prizefighter tournament held on 23 October 2008, Lomax suffered two cuts in his first bout with Craig Dickson. He received two stitches to a cut in his forehead before going on to defeat former British light-welterweight champion Nigel Wright on a close points decision. Lomax had previously lost to Wright during his amateur career. In the final he defeated former European light-welterweight champion Ted Bami to claim the £25,000 prize.

</doc>
<doc id="19925266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925266" title="Geraldine Lucas Homestead-Fabian Place Historic District">
Geraldine Lucas Homestead-Fabian Place Historic District

The Geraldine Lucas-Fabian Place Historic District in Jackson Hole, Wyoming is significant as the 1913 home of Geraldine Lucas, a single woman pioneer in a harsh environment. It later became the home of Harold Fabian, vice president of the Snake River Land Company, which assembled much of the land that became Jackson Hole National Monument for John D. Rockefeller, Jr..
The district includes eleven buildings, about north of Moose, Wyoming at the base of the Teton Range near Garnet Canyon. The site offers views of the Cathedral Group.
Geraldine Lucas was born in 1866 in Iowa City, Iowa and, following an unsuccessful marriage and with a degree from Oberlin College, became a teacher in New York. She retired in 1912 and sought a retirement home. She joined two brothers and a sister in Jackson Hole and built a cabin in 1913. She filed for a homestead claim, which was granted after a series of difficulties, in 1922. Through a series of deals, she eventually expanded her holdings to . She was also the second woman to ascend Grand Teton, making the climb in 1924 at age 58, guided by 16-year-old Paul Petzoldt, who had made his first climb of Grand Teton earlier that year. 
During her lifetime, Geraldine was resolutely opposed to the activities of the Snake River Land Company, which was buying land in Jackson Hole on behalf of John D. Rockefeller, Jr., who planned to donate the land for the creation of what would become Grand Teton National Park. Acquisition of the prime Lucas property was a major aim for the company. After Geraldine's death the land was purchased by J.D. Kimmell, with the idea of subdividing and developing the land. He was, however, friends with Harold Fabian of the Snake River Land Company, and in 1944 sold the property to what had become the Jackson Hole Preserve in exchange for rights at Jenny Lake. Fabian and his family moved into the Lucas place in 1946, spending summers there until Harold's death in 1975, under a deal with the Park Service.
The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on August 24, 1998.
External links.
Extensive documentation of the Geraldine Lucas Homestead is available at the Historic American Buildings Survey

</doc>
<doc id="19925271" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925271" title="Cumberland House (disambiguation)">
Cumberland House (disambiguation)

Cumberland House is the name of several places:
"Canada"
"England"
It is also the name of a publishing company

</doc>
<doc id="19925276" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925276" title="Christenberry Fieldhouse">
Christenberry Fieldhouse

The George A. Christenberry Fieldhouse is a 3,026 seat facility on the campus of Georgia Regents University in Augusta, Georgia. A part of their Athletics and Recreation Complex, it is home to the GRU Augusta Jaguars men's and women's basketball teams as well as the women's volleyball team. The first game at Christenberry Fieldhouse was held on February 2, 1991 against the University of South Carolina, a 76-62 loss.
Christenberry Fieldhouse hosted the first four Peach Belt Conference Basketball Championships from 1992-1995, and again in 2004 and 2005. In addition, the arena has been the host venue of the NCAA Southeast Region of the NCAA Men's Division II Basketball Championship each year from 2007 through 2011.
Georgia Regents's men's basketball team, which competed as Augusta State University from 1996-2012, amassed a winning streak of 48 consecutive games played at Christenberry Fieldhouse that began on December 15, 2008 with an 80-68 defeat of conference foe Georgia College & State University. This streak came to an end with a 75-73 loss in the 2011 NCAA Southeast Region Championship to Anderson University on March 15, 2011. Entering the 2012-2013 season, the Jaguars have amassed a home record of 74-4 (94.9 win percentage) from the 2007-2008 season through the 2011-2012 season.
In October 2011, a set of bleachers were added to one end zone of Christenberry Fieldhouse. The new bleachers are the new location of Georgia Regents's student section, known as "JagSwag". These new bleachers officially hold room for 405 spectators, raising the official capacity of the Fieldhouse from 2,216 to 2,621. A second set of bleachers were added to the opposite end zone during the 2012 off-season, boosting the official seating capacity to its current figure of 3,026. The record attendance of 3,718 was set on February 3, 2010 in a 73-59 win over archrival University of South Carolina Aiken. This figure also marked the highest attendance ever to witness an Augusta State athletic event, and also marked a new Peach Belt Conference attendance record.
Then-President Bill Clinton visited the venue on February 5, 1997. There is a plaque located near the main entrance to the arena honoring his visit. 

</doc>
<doc id="19925286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925286" title="Genbox Family History">
Genbox Family History

Genbox Family History is genealogy software for Microsoft Windows, developed by Thoughtful Creations. It functions as a database, a research planner and task organizer, a data analyzer, a chart producer, and a report writer.
Features.
Genbox has evolved since its first release in 1993 as a DOS family tree charting application. It is now a complete genealogy software package, with project organisation features, support for data and media storage, source citations, and the production of complex and customizable charts and reports.
Some of its features include:
History.
Genbox version 1.0 was originally released in 1992 as a DOS-based charting application.
Genbox version 2.0 was released in 1994.
Work began on the Windows version of Genbox Family History in August 1998
File format.
Genbox's underlying database engine is stored using the Microsoft Jet Database Engine: the Genbox database can be opened in Microsoft Access.

</doc>
<doc id="19925300" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925300" title="Ruslan Zainullin">
Ruslan Zainullin

Ruslan Zainullin (born February 14, 1982) is a Russian professional ice hockey center currently playing for Torpedo Nizhny Novgorod of the Kontinental Hockey League. His National Hockey League rights belong to the Calgary Flames.
Playing career.
Zainullin was drafted 34th overall by the Tampa Bay Lightning in the 2000 NHL Entry Draft after playing his first professional season in the Russian Super League with Ak Bars Kazan. Despite being drafted in the NHL, Zainullin has never played in the league, opting to remain in Russia.
Playing with HC MVD in 2007–08, he recorded his most prolific season with 23 points in 50 games.

</doc>
<doc id="19925322" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925322" title="Living in America (The Sounds song)">
Living in America (The Sounds song)

"Living in America" is the second single by Swedish New Wave band The Sounds from their debut album "Living In America". The song reached number 3 in the Swedish single charts and was the band's first single released in the United States. 
The song is featured in the 2010 video game, Rock Band 3.

</doc>
<doc id="19925323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925323" title="Poulter Glacier">
Poulter Glacier

Poulter Glacier () 
In Antarctica about 180 miles from the South Pole at an elevation of 8,000 feet. It flows east from the Antarctic Plateau past the Rawson Mountains in the Queen Maud Mountains and joins with the Scott Glacier. It was discovered by the Byrd Antarctic Expedition II Geology Party under Quinn Blackburn. It was named by Admiral Richard Byrd for Thomas Poulter.

</doc>
<doc id="19925364" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925364" title="Pupilla muscorum">
Pupilla muscorum

Pupilla muscorum is a species of minute air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Pupillidae.
Taxonomy.
A variety "Pupilla muscorum" var. "pratensis" Clessin, 1871 considered as ecophenotype of "Pupilla muscorum" was elevated to its species level "Pupilla pratensis" in 2009.
Description.
The shell is usually light brown, varies from reddish brown to horny grey, weakly striated or almost smooth, 5-6.5 weakly convex whorls, suture not very deep, aperture usually with well-developed lip, cervical callus strongly developed, like a dam, parietal tooth usually present, palatal tooth sometimes too.
"Pupilla muscorum" differs from "Pupilla pratensis" with which it lives sympatrically, in its thicker, smaller and more slender shell, lighter and more variable colour and stronger apertural lip.
The animal of "Pupilla muscorum" is small, elliptical, dark with lighter sides and foot, upper tentacles not very long, lower tentacles very short.
The height of the shell is 3.0-4.0 mm. The width of the shell is 1.65-1.75 mm (shell diameter does not vary much).
Distribution.
This species of land snail occurs in the Northern Hemisphere including almost all of Europe. It is recorded as present in countries and islands including:
Ecology.
"Pupilla muscorum" lives in dry meadows, sand dunes, in open and sunny habitats. Calciphile. In Portugal it is found under stones, dead leaves and in mosses. In Britain it is frequent in sheep-grazed calcareous grasslands. In the Alps in up to 2400 m, in Bulgaria 1200 m.
Ovoviviparous, the species is able to hibernate with its eggs, and can then release eggs with partly grown embryos during more favourable seasons.
References.
This article incorporates public domain text from the reference.

</doc>
<doc id="19925369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925369" title="Pearson, Wisconsin">
Pearson, Wisconsin

Pearson is an unincorporated community in Langlade County, Wisconsin, United States located within the town of Ainsworth. Pearson is west of the community of Pickerel and north-northeast of Antigo, the county seat of Langlade County. The community is located along Pickerel Creek near its confluence with the Wolf River. County Highway T runs through Pearson; the closest state highway to the community is Wisconsin State Highway 55 in Pickerel. Pearson had a post office, which closed on May 4, 1996; ZIP code 54462 still serves the community. The Northeast Illinois Council of the Boy Scouts of America runs a summer camp, Ma-Ka-Ja-Wan Scout Reservation, in Pearson.

</doc>
<doc id="19925395" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925395" title="Sabouraud agar">
Sabouraud agar

Sabouraud agar is a type of agar containing peptones. It is used to cultivate dermatophytes and other types of fungi.
It was created by, and is named after, Raymond Sabouraud in 1892. Later adjusted by Chester W. Emmons when the pH level was brought closer to the neutral range and the dextrose concentration lowered to support the growth of other fungi. The 5.6 pH of traditional Sabouraud agar formulation inhibits bacterial growth.
Typical composition.
Sabouraud agar typically contains:

</doc>
<doc id="19925409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925409" title="Tullycraft – 1st String Teenage High 7&quot; EP">
Tullycraft – 1st String Teenage High 7&quot; EP

Tullycraft released the "1st String Teenage High" 7" EP on the German label Little Teddy Recordings in 1996. The four songs were exclusive, but reappeared on the The Singles CD released in 1999. The songs were recorded and mixed at Yoyo Studios in Olympia, WA.

</doc>
<doc id="19925411" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925411" title="Hey There Lonely Girl">
Hey There Lonely Girl

"Hey There Lonely Girl" is a song recorded by R&B singer Eddie Holman. Recorded and released in 1969, it charted in 1970. The original version by Ruby and the Romantics was entitled, "Hey There Lonely Boy" in 1963, and was a Top 30 hit, peaking at #27. Holman's song peaked at #2 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 pop chart, his highest charting single. A version by Robert John was released in 1980 for the album "Back on the Street".
Details.
"Hey There Lonely Girl" is most recognizable by its disconsolate, sentimental and heavyhearted lyrics, with Holman's falsetto voice. Here is a sample of the chorus: 
Hey there lonely girl, lonely girl
Let me make your broken heart like new
Oh, my lonely girl, lonely girl
Don't you know this lonely boy loves you
The song itself was one of Holman's biggest selling songs and one of the most popular smooth soul hits of 1970. It is currently played on oldies radio. 

</doc>
<doc id="19925425" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925425" title="Salt (union organizing)">
Salt (union organizing)

Salting is a labor union tactic involving the act of getting a job at a specific workplace with the intent of organizing a union. A person so employed is called a "salt".
The tactic is often discussed in the United States because under US law, unions may be prohibited from talking with workers in the workplace and salting is one of the few legal strategies that allow union organizers to talk with workers. Both the Knights of Labor and the Industrial Workers of the World employed salts. The IWW continues to use salts, especially in their Starbucks Workers Campaign.
In "Toering Elec. Co., 351 N.L.R.B. No. 18 (Sept. 29, 2007)", the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) concluded that workers in the United States can be fired if they are believed to not be "genuinely interested" in obtaining the job. This category includes salting. 
The pro-capitalist National Right to Work Committee has said, "‘Salts’ try to destroy their employers."

</doc>
<doc id="19925438" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925438" title="Armoury Gallery">
Armoury Gallery

The Armoury Gallery is a contemporary art gallery in Milwaukee, Wisconsin owned and run by Cassandra Smith and Jessica Steeber. Established in 2008, the gallery resides on the third floor of the historic Milwaukee Fortress building.
The gallery's name was inspired by the Kremlin Armoury in Moscow.
The gallery promotes upcoming and semi-established local, national and international artists creating dynamic, challenging work in a variety of media. The gallery also encourages installation work, aiming to create a unique dialogue between the art, the artist, the gallery and the viewer. Creativity and Cooperation are the owners' primary dreams for the gallery.

</doc>
<doc id="19925440" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925440" title="Baton Rouge Blue Marlins">
Baton Rouge Blue Marlins

The Baton Rouge Blue Marlins, located in Baton Rouge, Louisiana and managed by Scott Bethea, were a professional baseball team in the All-American Association. Both the team and the league existed for only one season, 2001. They played their home games at Pete Goldsby Field. Their record was 44-28 in the regular season, and in the playoffs they beat the Albany Alligators in the semi-finals and the Fort Worth Cats in the championship three games to two.
Bethea, who also played for the team, was named the league's manager of the year.
Their attendance of 16,616 was fifth in the six team league.

</doc>
<doc id="19925449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925449" title="Casey, Crime Photographer">
Casey, Crime Photographer

Casey, Crime Photographer (aka Crime photographer; Flashgun Casey; Casey, Press Photographer; Stephen Bristol, Crime Photographer) was a media franchise, in the 1930s until the 1960s. Created by George Harmon Coxe, the photographer Casey was featured in radio, film, theater, novels, magazines and comic books.
Launched in a 1934 issue of the pulp magazine Black Mask, the character Jack "Flashgun" Casey, was a crime photographer for the newspaper "The Morning Express". With the help of reporter Ann Williams (portrayed on radio and TV by Jan Miner), he solved crimes and recounted his stories to friends at The Blue Note, their favorite tavern.
George Harmon Coxe.
Casey's creator, George Harmon Coxe, was the 1964 recipient of the Mystery Writers of America's prestigious Grand Master Award representing the pinnacle of achievement in the mystery field. This award represents significant output of quality in mystery writing.
Black Mask.
" "Flashgun" Casey" began in the "March 1934" issue of "Black Mask", in the story "Return Engagement". This story was later used in the film "Here's Flash Casey". Twenty more stories appeared in the magazine over the next decades, and collections of these stories were published in anthology form as well. Two of the subsequent novels were serialized in the magazine, in addition to the 21 short stories.
Novels.
Coxe wrote five novels featuring Casey.
Paul Ayres (Pseudonym of Edward S. Aaron) wrote a novel starring Casey, based on the works of Coxe
Radio.
Begun as stories in "Black Mask", the stories were brought to radio under multiple names. The series aired on CBS for its entirety. 07/07/43 - 11/16/50 and 01/13/54 - 04/22/55.
The radio show was sustained by the network, sponsored by Anchor Hocking, Toni home permanents, Toni Shampoo and Philip Morris. The Blue Note was a jazz club; the Archie Bleyer Orchestra and first Herman Chittison and later the The Teddy Wilson Trio were featured, usually in the introduction and wrapup of the show.
Comic books.
A four-part Marvel Comics tie-in to the radio show began August 1949.
Television.
In 1951 the popular series moved to television

</doc>
<doc id="19925459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925459" title="Poesy Liang">
Poesy Liang

Founder of Helping Angels. A Malaysian-Taiwanese artist, writer, poet, multidisciplinary designer, jeweller, entrepreneur, philanthropist and motivational speaker who survived 3 spinal surgeries and battled paralysis caused by a rare case of benign tumour that kept recurring within her spinal cord (thoracic intradural meningioma).
Health history.
Poesy first suffered from paraplegia at 17 (1992) due to acute thoracic intradural meningioma. The first surgery to remove the cancers was done in Kuala Lumpur General Hospital by neurosurgeons Mr. Chee and Dr. Selva. She walked again and enjoyed a miraculous recovery - regaining 90% of her strength, she was ballroom dancing and back on television in 1994.
The same conditions recurred in Poesy's spine when she was 28 (2003) with the mass of tumours coiled around her spinal cord removed by neurosurgeon Dr. Richard Veerapen in Sunway Medical Centre. Major segments of the tumors were successfully extracted with some inevitably damage to her spinal cord, leaving behind some significant tumours that were impossible to remove. Poesy was paralyzed for the second time, but another miracle followed. Despite major loss of sensation and control, Poesy manages to walk using her visual senses with limited sensation of her lower limbs. 
With the financial aid of her private circles, Poesy underwent a third medical procedure to tackle the rest of her spinal tumours in 2006. She was treated with a Cyberknife surgery in Stanford University, by neurosurgeon Dr. John R. Adler, Jr, the inventor of the medical technology. There has been no news of tumour movement and regrowth since.
Helping Angels.
Helping Angels started as a Facebook group to recruit volunteers to do welfare work in August 2007. Projects born of the Helping Angels movement are supported by 4 exclusive rules - no involvement in fund raising or collection of donations, no commercial marketing activities, no political rallying activities, no religious evangelism allowed. The group started in Malaysia and rapidly recruited members globally. All activities are funded privately, to offer opportunities for volunteers to use their wisdom, influence, skills, creativity and time resources to help others. The movement of compassion based on the random acts of kindness, seeks to encourage the donation of time and efforts, placing less importance in material and money charity. Activities cover welfare of the underprivileged, education, homeless, old aged, animal rescue and rehoming, and life-coaching. To date the volunteer movement now exists in Malaysia, Bali, Thailand, Taiwan, USA, Europe, Africa and Hong Kong. During the 2011 Japan quake, the group was quick to respond with a project collaboration that distributed 160,000 pairs of socks sent by members from all over the world, to the stricken coastal villages. The story was told in the 2012 Helping Angels project Green Humanity, which showcases the need to do kind deeds towards Mother Earth.
Thursday Tutoring Program was established since September 27, 2007 covering Precious Children's Home, Trinity Children Centre and Precious Youth Centre. Tutoring activities ceased with Precious Children's Home and Precious Youth Centre in 2012, marking the beginning of tutoring sessions with Agathian Shelter, also in PJ.
Every Thursday evenings, volunteering-members will clock in to give academic aid to the young residents of these welfare homes. All volunteering activities are led by unit leaders who donates their time to care for the project objectives and administration.
Bald Empathy Movement.
Poesy shaved her head bald at the 64th Cannes Film Festival on May 16, 2011 to bring awareness to the following 5 objectives :
1. To make bald fashionable and cool, as an empathy movement for those suffering from loss of dignity due to premature hair-loss, and hair-loss due to chronic illnesses such as cancer.
2. To advocate wholesome lifestyles. Living well - emotionally, physically, mentally and spiritually. Encourage healthy attitude, diet, exercise, lifestyle and free of destructive or negative habits - by getting a deeper understanding of wholesome wellness vs chronic illnesses.
3. To raise sensitivity towards survivors and patients suffering from ill health. Learning awareness so we do not cause further stress to those who are battling health issues. E.g.; Don't bring germs or viruses (no matter how minor) to visit someone who is already fighting for their life. Don't take chances with other lives. Appreciate that ignorance can lead us to take many things in life such as health for granted. Don't impose secondhand smoke onto non-smokers.
4. Know that we can give our hair to cancer patients by getting the wigs made and giving it as a gesture of love and respect. Don't just give away the loose hair - make the wig before giving. Good wigs are expensive things. Here is an opportunity for you to give away something not just great, but good and from your heart. Lighten the financial load for others. This point is an awareness for generosity.
5. No hair, no shampoo, less water. Be mindful towards the environment.
A collection of international photographers and film makers are part of the crew to viral the movement on the internet to gain worldwide attention. Her parents and Matthias Gelber joined Poesy to shave their head in support and solidarity. In 2012, singer Elvira Arul and paralympian newscaster Ras Adiba also followed suit in shaving their head bald.
Poesy's World.
A private online magazine where Poesy Liang documented her journals daily since 1999. The site has been closed to public consumption since 2005. Some of the memoirs are currently being published at the Poesy's World Facebook page.
Her education.
Educated between 1982–1992 in Bukit Bintang Girls' School. Completed Diploma Architecture Engineering in Federal Institute of Technology (1992–1995). Poesy's health rapidly deteriorated and she was chronically bedridden during her first semester in architectural school. Completed a Graduate Dip. Management and Executive MBA with Southern Cross University (1999–2001) and retired from the media industry. Poesy went on to read law, with the University of London (2002–2003). At the end of her first year in law school, Poesy was diagnosed with the second bouts of spinal tumours. In 2005, Poesy attended courses in Daylighting and Lighting Design in Lightfair International 2005 New York while she researched for medical solutions in America.
Arts.
Trained classically from six years old in carving Chinese stone seal, Chinese calligraphy, Chinese landscape painting, Chinese watercolours, piano and ballet.
During the Bald Empathy Movement tour, Poesy ran out of budget in Europe to continue her journey to the finale event in Cannes. For 2 months she funded the rest of the tour as a sidewalk artist in Paris and sold her White Cartoon Sidewalk Series to her international followers on Facebook. This prompted her to quit her interior design career afterwards to focus solely on art.
Her most significant claim to poetry :
"Probability of 1 today = 1000 tomorrows. 
"Half a mistake a hundred sorrows. 
"Time consistently brims up choices. 
"To be made among clanging noises. 
"No sure win situation? 
"1% inspiration 99% perspiration. 
"Every angle lends a separate hue of day. 
"A colorless debt it cannot repay. 
"Visions improve with quiet reflection. 
"Complaints regrets define incomprehension. 
"Churn the secular knowledge one borrows. 
"Todays are infinite spectrum of tomorrows.
Reflection of Today
Career.
She is most known for her survival stories of overcoming paralysis twice and the various philanthropic causes she later spearheaded through Helping Angels. 2008 sees an endorsement for a Japanese luxury skincare SKII campaign of 'Commitment to Compassion'(Malaysia & Singapore) as 'Founder of Helping Angels'. 
Music.
Poesy composed her first song Treetops as a theme song for Helping Angels in 2009, with the intention to use the tune for a collection of jewellery boxes too. In order to spread the message of compassion, Treetops was originally written to be sung in various languages by Poesy's selection of music celebrities, with a children's choir in mind. 
However, upon meeting Godfrey Wang (G2) during his tour to Malaysia with Boney M, Poesy was encouraged to sing the song herself.
Godfrey Wang made the music arrangement as his contribution to the movement. 
Treetops was recorded in London in March of 2011.
The song debuted in Cannes during Bald Empathy Movement on May 16th, 2011.
Subsequently G2 further collaborated with Poesy to produce an album slated to release in 2014. This album consist of romantic covers and original compositions.
Private life.
Kuala Lumpur, born July 31, 1975, to father Leong Khai Kwan, a Malaysian Chinese of Cantonese descent and mother Chuang Mei Yin, a Taiwanese of Hakka descent. Poesy was discovered at the age of 14 to star in a Levi's Strauss television commercial as the 501 girl for Malaysia and Singapore. Since then she started to appear in advertisements and television programs until she announced retirement in the Chinese media about at the age of 24.
Poesy's mother is an acupuncturist and traditional herbalist, and was also trained in western medicine in midwifery. It was said that it made the big difference in Poesy's rehabilitation from paralysis. During her medical career, Dr. Chuang also traveled extensively to offer welfare aid to the underprivileged patients in Peninsula Malaysia.
During her television years, Poesy faced social difficulties which resulted in self-isolation.The media world became a great torment which led to the reinvention of her life, through her various academic and creative pursuits. In an interview she mentions the use of art for healing in aspects of both physical and spiritual well-being.
Poesy's family lost their financial comfort in the early 80s. Through her growing years, she watched her parents suffer hardships and their sacrifices made a great impact on her. Despite difficulties, her father persevered her under the artistic and cultural training with the guidance of various art masters, who were his personal friends. When the opportunities arose, Poesy worked in the media industry to lighten the family's burdens. 
As a teenager, Poesy attended bible school. Due to her alternative lifestyle as a teenage television personality, she faced difficulty in the Christian community. At 30, she ventured to study Tibetan Buddhism with Dagpo Lama Rinpoche. She also met with many wise masters, including Jetsun Pema. Poesy remains neutral to all religion.
She spends her free time pursuing new artistic skills and travels, while she dedicates a calling towards philanthropy and humanitarian works. 
Poesy's family is based in Kuala Lumpur. They also have family in Singapore, New Zealand, Taiwan, Hong Kong, China, Europe and the USA.
Swimming.
Poesy swims long distance to train her legs, as she is not able to embark in many other sports due to the injury of her spine. 

</doc>
<doc id="19925462" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925462" title="Mostapha al-Turk">
Mostapha al-Turk

Mostapha al-Turk (Arabic: مصطفى الترك, born July 14, 1973) is a retired Lebanese-born English mixed martial artist and submission wrestler. He has trained with London Shootfighters for the past ten years. Turk was the ADCC European Champion in 2005 and was the British Cage Rage Heavyweight Champion before relinquishing his title to sign a four-fight deal with the UFC. He was cut after losing 3 straight fights. 
Background.
al-Turk came from a middle-class family in Beirut, Lebanon and had become interested in the UFC and mixed martial arts after watching a few events. His father was a doctor and al-Turk himself worked in the pharmaceutical industry, before deciding to make mixed martial arts his career. al-Turk has a very accomplished grappling career as well, with his Brazilian jiu-jitsu background. al-Turk made it to the final of the Abu Dhabi Championships, losing to future UFC fighter Gabriel Gonzaga by only three points, further motivating al-Turk to transition to mixed martial arts. 
Mixed martial arts career.
Early career.
Before going professional, al-Turk had 2 amateur fights, going 1-1 with both of the fights ending in injuries. He also competed in amateur boxing matches and submission wrestling matches as a way to prepare himself for MMA.
However, al-Turk had a rough start to his professional MMA career, losing his first two fights by TKO and submission, respectively. He attributes his poor beginning to not being mentally ready and not having the support of his family to compete in the sport. 
Cage Rage.
al-Turk fought in the up-and-coming British organization, Cage Rage, around a year after losing his second professional bout. The young al-Turk would turn his career around, winning three straight fights in the organization, all by TKO due to punches, including a win over former sumo and PRIDE veteran, Sentoryu Henri.
al-Turk then faced former two-time UFC Heavyweight Tournament Champion and longtime PRIDE veteran Mark Kerr. al-Turk again won by punches after the former collegiate wrestling star tapped out. al-Turk then fought against former British Cage Rage Heavyweight Champion Tengiz Tedoradze. al-Turk lost the fight by unanimous decision to the Georgian.
al-Turk rebounded with a win over K-1 kickboxer Gary Turner, who submitted due to punches landed by the Lebanese fighter. al-Turk then fought for the British Cage Rage Heavyweight Championship against future Ultimate Fighter contestant, James McSweeney. al-Turk won the fight by TKO due to punches and became the last British Cage Rage Heavyweight Champion, before the organization saw its demise.al-Turk was then offered a four-fight contract in the UFC, which he accepted.
UFC.
At UFC 92, on December 27, 2008, Turk lost at his UFC debut to French kickboxer Cheick Kongo by TKO. Kongo dropped Turk with two right hands and then pounced on Turk, using the ground and pound technique that Kongo has become known for, opening up a big cut above al-Turk's eye. Referee Steve Mazzagatti stopped the fight after 4:37 of the first round, in what some viewed as a late stoppage, as al-Turk was bleeding heavily and had not been defending himself for a significant amount of time.
Turk next lost to Mirko Cro Cop at UFC 99 by TKO after Turk received repeated strikes from Filipovic. There was some controversy surrounding the end of this fight as Filipovic had poked Turk in the eye right before Turk succumbed to the strikes. Neither the referee Dan Mirgliotta or Filipovic reportedly noticed the eye poke. Turk stated that he would petition the loss.
Turk was expected to face UFC newcomer Rolles Gracie on February 6, 2010 at UFC 109, but pulled out due to visa issues.
Turk instead faced The Ultimate Fighter 10 alumni, Jon Madsen, at UFC 112. Turk lost the bout via unanimous decision (29-28, 29-28, 29-28). This loss brought his MMA record to 6-6, with 3 losses in a row Turk was cut by the UFC.

</doc>
<doc id="19925493" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925493" title="Devil Girl">
Devil Girl

Devil Girl is a 2007 thriller film, directed by Howie Askins and stars Jessica Graham, Tim Abell and Vanessa Kay.
Plot.
"Devil Girl" follows the story of Fay on her trip across Route 66 after the death of her father, who happened to be a mechanic. Fay takes her father's muscle car and his wedding ring, and departs from her home after saying her farewells to her sister. 
The story simultaneously follows the events of an overly medicated, nonsense-spewing young man in clown makeup, who appears to be dodging authorities whilst hopping from vehicle to vehicle along his travels. The clown stops at a gas station to steal a new ride; however, there is no vehicle to be found. The clown knocks out the cashier and steals the handy supply of drugs and junk food while a woman (the cowgirl) stops for gas. The clown then ties the woman up while Fay stops for gas. As Fay searches the station for a clerk the clown rummages through her car, stealing her wallet, and then leaves in the cowgirl's truck, which later breaks down. 
After the clown takes a mysterious ride in the Devil Girl's flying vehicle, and Fay's car breaks down, both stop separately in an eerie, highly religious, nearby town. Fay takes a room in the local motel, using her father's ring as collateral, as her wallet was stolen earlier. The clown meets Fay and is speechlessly smitten by her. In an attempt to pay back her debts, Fay dances at the town's strip club. The local mechanic tells Fay that the part required to fix her car should be available after a week. 
One night the clown decides to enter the strip joint and witnesses hallucinations, including a dance by the Devil Girl, before seeing Fay dance and being thrown out of the club. After being driven back to the motel by an interested young man, Fay is raped in her room by a masked man and assumes it was the clown, due to the fact that she saw him outside of her window. The next night, the clown is back at the strip club, only to be kicked in the face by Fay and once again thrown out. Fay leaves in a rage to be picked up by the Devil Girl, and the two partake in sexual activities. 
The Devil Girl then confronts the local preacher and accuses him of being a pervert by nature, which is later revealed to be true when Fay attempts to retrieve her ring from the preacher, whom she was told by the motel owner was in possession of. Fay finds a young, naked man trapped in a cage below the church, and is then attacked from behind by the preacher, who is revealed to be her rapist, his identity betrayed by his mask. Fay stabs the preacher with a screwdriver and beats him with a two-by-four. She then frees the young man, and together they escape. 
The motel owner is shown to have been in leagues with the preacher and takes off searching for Fay after discovering the preacher's body. The young man is picked up by a police officer while Fay takes off with the clown on a motorcycle. The clown brings Fay to her car, where she finds the keys in the ignition, and prepares to leave while the clown tries to explain his feelings, and the motel owner is gaining ground. Fay drives off with the motel owner in pursuit with a pistol in his hand. As the motel owner takes aim at Fay, the clown pulls up between the two and smacks the gun away. 
As the vehicles are about to collide with a tractor tailor, it is revealed that all the events of the movie were actually a drug-induced hallucination, imagined by an overly medicated, soon to be released mental patient named Donald, who fantasized himself as the clown and his nurse Fay as his alter-ego's love interest. However, in the end the Devil Girl is shown to be real, and had actually killed the crooked preacher.
Notes.
"Devil Girl" features Los Angeles-based punk band The UV's as the strip club band. In the movie, the band features original bassist Blare N. Bitch of Betty Blowtorch and Suckerstar as well as original drummer Kyle Justin of Skeleteen and The Studdogs.
Nominations.
The movie was a finalist in 2007's Shriekfest, a Los Angeles Horror/Sci-fi Film Festival by Dark Romance.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack features songs by 400 Blows, The UV's, Sefton, Scum of the Earth, and Blare Bitch Project.

</doc>
<doc id="19925495" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925495" title="Kosmos-1">
Kosmos-1

The Kosmos-1 (GRAU Index: 65S3, also known as Cosmos-1) was a Soviet carrier rocket, derived from the R-14 missile, which was used to orbit satellites in 1964 and 1965. It served as an interim, and was quickly replaced by the Kosmos-3. Eight were flown, and all launches occurred from Site 41/15 at the Baikonur Cosmodrome.
Initial development was authorised in October 1961, leading to a maiden flight on 18 August 1964, carrying three Strela satellites. Strela-1 satellites were flown on seven flights, with three satellites on each of the first four flights, and five satellites on the next three flights. The eighth, and final, flight carried a single Strela-2 satellite. All flights were successful except the second.

</doc>
<doc id="19925516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925516" title="1998 ATP German Open">
1998 ATP German Open

The 1998 German Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 91st edition of the Hamburg Masters (German Open), and was part of the ATP Super 9 of the 1998 ATP Tour. It took place at the Rothenbaum Tennis Center in Hamburg, Germany, from through 4 May through 11 May 1998.
The men's field was headlined by ATP No. 1, Indian Wells, Miami, Auckland titlist, Australian Open finalist Marcelo Ríos, Antwerp winner, Indian Wells and 1997 U.S. Open runner-up Greg Rusedski and Marseille runner-up, 1994 Hamburg winner Yevgeny Kafelnikov. Other top seeds competing were Dubai titlist Àlex Corretja, Gustavo Kuerten, Karol Kučera, Richard Krajicek and Alberto Berasategui.

</doc>
<doc id="19925527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925527" title="Hustler TV (Europe)">
Hustler TV (Europe)

Hustler TV is a subscription based pay-TV adult entertainment television channel distributed throughout Europe via digital cable as naxoo (in Switzerland) and satellite television. It owned by the Dutch-based company Sapphire Media International BV.
Hustler TV offers hardcore pornography aimed at a straight male audience. It is the sister channel to Blue Hustler who specializes in softcore pornography.

</doc>
<doc id="19925529" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925529" title="Alexandra Mendès">
Alexandra Mendès

Alexandra Mendès (born November 3, 1963 in Lisbon, Portugal) is a Canadian politician. She was elected in the 2008 election as the federal Liberal MP for the Montreal riding of Brossard—La Prairie, defeating Marcel Lussier. She initially came in second by 102 votes, but a recount ordered by Elections Canada resulted in her winning by a margin of 69 votes.
Mendes was formerly a constituency assistant to Jacques Saada, Lussier's predecessor as MP for Brossard—La Prairie, and has taught at the Brossard Portuguese School.
Mendes was also a Quebec assistant to Bob Rae, for a period of eight months, during his leadership campaign. She has also worked for fifteen years at a settlement organization for new immigrants and refugees at "Maison Internationale de la Rive-Sud".
In August 2011, Mendes announced her candidacy for the presidency of the Liberal Party of Canada. While she was defeated in her race for the presidency by Mike Crawley, she remains a committed member of the party, making appearances on CTV and CBC's Power and Politics representing the party. 
In June 2012, Mendes became President of the Liberal Party's Quebec wing, the Liberal Party of Canada (Quebec).

</doc>
<doc id="19925535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925535" title="Lily, Wisconsin">
Lily, Wisconsin

Lily is an unincorporated community in Langlade County, Wisconsin, United States, located within the town of Langlade. Lily is at the intersection of Wisconsin State Highway 52 and Wisconsin State Highway 55.
The Town of Langlade Town Hall and Fire Department are located in Lily. Lily is also a junction for many area snowmobile trails. The Lily Sno-Birds Clubhouse is located on Turtle Lake Rd. in Lily, and there is also a small racetrack located there where snowmobiles, ATV's, etc. races are held several times each winter.

</doc>
<doc id="19925565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925565" title="Parcani, Transnistria">
Parcani, Transnistria

Parcani (; , "Parkani"; , "Parkany"; , "Parkany") is a large commune and village in the Slobozia sub-district of Transnitria, a "de facto" independent entity within the internationally recognized borders of Moldova. The village has a population of around 10,500, of whom 95% are ethnic Bulgarians (Bessarabian Bulgarians). The first Bulgarian colonists arrived in the village in the early 19th century. According to some sources, it is the largest Bulgarian-majority village outside the borders of Bulgaria. A monument to Bulgarian national hero Vasil Levski was unveiled in Parcani in September 2008.
The village lies between Tiraspol and Tighina; it is serviced by the trolleybus line between the two cities.
Болгары в Парканах 200 лет
References.
^ "Болгары в Парканах. 200 лет." (in Russian). Retrieved 2008-10-24.
^ "Болгария поздравила жителей приднестровского села Парканы с годовщиной освобождения от фашистов" (in Russian)
^ "The history has sat down Parcani" (in Russian).

</doc>
<doc id="19925593" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925593" title="Pamela Landy">
Pamela Landy

Pamela Landy is the character played by Joan Allen in the second and third films of the Jason Bourne series: "The Bourne Supremacy" and "The Bourne Ultimatum". 
Role.
In "the Bourne Supremacy", she plays the role of the CIA's Deputy Director, who is in charge of the exchange of the "Neski Files" (documents proving the theft of 20 million dollars from the CIA seven years before). After the mission goes wrong and her team finds "Bourne's" planted fingerprint, she travels to the CIA headquarters in Langley, Virginia, to probe the case.
At the beginning, she is trying to catch Bourne, because of the charges against him, but after she learns Bourne is being framed up, her only goal becomes to find the truth and to act according to the CIA principles.
She is a very serious, intelligent and spirited woman, whose only purpose is to uncover the truth about Bourne's case.
In "the Bourne Ultimatum", she is reassigned to the mission in charge of catching Bourne, after he appears back in London's Waterloo Station trying to help reporter Simon Ross dodge the surveillance system and persecusion from CIA men under Noah Vosen's direction.
Landy commits herself to solving Bourne's case at last. One particular scene that shows her personality is when she is introduced to the CIA staff in New York's office by section chief Noah Vosen and she says "Let's do the names later, What was Bourne's last fixed position?". With the helpful knowledge of Landy in the case, the CIA team finds out that Simon Ross's actual source is Madrid station chief Neil Daniels, not Bourne, as Vosen had thought. After that, Bourne escapes with the help of Nicky Parsons and Vosen decides to have somebody kill her. Landy gets really angry because of Vosen's willingness to indiscriminately kill CIA personnel and has a prickly argument with him, finally leaving the room from which the operation is being run. 
With the help of her associate, Tom Cronin, Landy starts to uncover what's really going on in Bourne's case and makes one last decision to settle the matter. She makes Bourne come to the CIA facility where she is and then he arranges a false meeting to distract Vosen's men and then goes into the building to get the Blackbriar secret files. 
At the end of the movie, Bourne hands the files to Landy, who faxes them away. When Vosen comes in and realizes what Landy has just done, he gets really surprised. She looks at him coldly and says "You'd better get yourself a good lawyer".
She finally gives a declaration before a US Senate commission. With this, she proves her commitment to run the operation according to the CIA principles and makes her final contribution to solving Bourne's case and proving he's innocent.
At the end of the second film, Bourne calls Pamela Landy at her office. Pam says she is ready to cooperate and tells Jason his real name and birth date (which we find out in the next film is a code). After a little conversation, Bourne tells her (in one of the most oft-repeated quotes of the Bourne series) "Get some rest Pam, you look tired." Her subsequent genuine surprise is driven by the fact that this is the second time in the film that she has been caught completely unaware by Bourne when she believed herself to be in a position of control. As the camera pans back, we see Bourne watching Pamela thru his monocular. The movie ends with Bourne walking down the streets of New York with Moby's "Extreme Ways" playing in the background.

</doc>
<doc id="19925625" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925625" title="Jesús Flores Magón">
Jesús Flores Magón

Gaspar Jesús Melchor Flores Magón (6 January 1871 – 7 December 1930) was a Mexican politician, journalist, and jurist. The more moderate middle brother of Ricardo and Enrique Flores Magón, he served in the cabinet of Francisco I. Madero.
Biography.
Jesús Flores Magón was born in San Jerónimo Tecóatl in the state of Oaxaca in 1871, 
to Margarita Magón and Teodoro Flores, a Nahau who had fought in Benito Juárez's Liberal Army. 
At an early age the family relocated to Mexico City.
He graduated in law in 1897 and, in conjunction with his brother Ricardo, founded the newspaper "Regeneración," the first edition of which appeared on 7 August 1900. As editor of the paper, he was jailed on several occasions for criticising the judicial system. He was later expelled from the country for his anti-Porfirio Díaz writings; he fled to the United States where his political differences with his brothers – also exiled, and now espousing anarchist beliefs – deepened.
He returned to Mexico in 1910 following the overthrow of Porfirio Díaz in the early days of the Mexican Revolution.
In 1911, alongside Antonio I. Villarreal, he began publishing a moderate version of the newspaper "Regeneración" in Mexico City, while his brothers – still in their U.S. exile – published a more radical broadsheet under the same title in Los Angeles, California.
President Francisco I. Madero appointed him under-secretary for justice in his cabinet. He also served as secretary of the interior from February to November 1912 and, subsequently, as secretary for development. Following Victoriano Huerta's coup d'état in February 1913, he again went into exile. 
Upon returning, he resumed his law practice.
During the tumultuous years that followed, he remained in Mexico City. When Venustiano Carranza assumed the presidency, he chose to leave the country on account of the fact that he had been the running mate of presidential candidate Manuel Calero y Sierra; he returned to Mexico following Carranza's assassination.

</doc>
<doc id="19925633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925633" title="Basle (disambiguation)">
Basle (disambiguation)

Basle is Switzerland's third most populous city.
Basle may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19925637" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925637" title="Karl Aage Rasmussen">
Karl Aage Rasmussen

Karl Aage Rasmussen (born 13 December 1947 in Kolding, Denmark) is a Danish composer and writer.
Quotation and particularly collage played an important role in his music from the early 70s, but increasingly he used pre-existing musical material in new connections and for new purposes, most often in a densely woven montage of small idioms which in themselves were too tiny to work as quotes, but were put together so closely as to create entirely new patterns. He continued to use montage technique, but the non-directional expression was gradually replaced by developmental forms. This is apparent in music for the stage and was later continued in works such as ‘A Symphony in Time’ and the string quartets ‘Solos and Shadows’ and ‘Surrounded by Scales’.
The chamber symphony ’Movements on a Moving Line’ marks the beginning of a long period dominated by an interest in time and tempo, here as a kind of time-travel where the same music seems to appear and disappear in different tempi. New conceptions of time, partly related to the self-similarity in fractal mathematics, has dominated his music since then. In more recent years psychological and dramatic dimensions have emerged in works such as the violin concerto, ’Scherzo with Bells’ and ’Webs in a stolen Dream’.
For more than two decades Rasmussen worked as full professor of composition at the Academy of Music in Aarhus, Denmark. Among his students: Louis Aguirre Rovira, Kaj Aune, Peter Bruun, Anders Brødsgaard, Karsten Fundal, Michael Nyvang, and Simon Steen-Andersen.
Rasmussen is a prolific writer of essays, so far collected in three volumes. His books on Glenn Gould, Robert Schumann and Sviatoslav Richter have reached a wide audience. Moreover he has lately been engaged in several large projects centered around the music of Franz Schubert. Schubert left his opera ’Sakontala’ unfinished and with only the parts for singers sketched out, but Rasmussen completed and orchestrated a performing version of the opera, first performed in Stuttgart 2006. He has further reconstructed what he believes to be Schubert's lost ’Gastein’ symphony and an orchestral version of Schubert's melodrama ’Der Taucher’ commissioned by the Danish singer Bo Skovhus.
External links.
Official website: http://www.karlaagerasmussen.com

</doc>
<doc id="19925646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925646" title="Yaron Traub">
Yaron Traub

Yaron Traub (born 1964 in Tel Aviv) is an Israeli conductor and pianist.
Throughout the 90s he served as Daniel Barenboim's assistant at the Bayreuth Festival and the Chicago Symphony Orchestra. After being prized at the 1998 Kirill Kondrashin Competition, Traub has internationally active as a guest conductor before he settled at the Orquesta de Valencia. 
Yaron Traub is the son of Chaim Taub, former concertmaster of the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra.
References.
Yaron Traub Official Website

</doc>
<doc id="19925675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925675" title="Hexagon Theatre">
Hexagon Theatre

Hexagon Theatre may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19925683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925683" title="Khairala">
Khairala

Khairala is a village development committee in Kailali District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3382 living in 541 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19925686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925686" title="Mount Breakenridge">
Mount Breakenridge

Mount Breakenridge, , is a mountain in the Lillooet Ranges of southwestern British Columbia, Canada, located on the east side of upper Harrison Lake in the angle of mountains formed by that lake and the Big Silver River. 
Name.
The name was conferred by Lieutenant Palmer RE for Archibald, T. Breakenridge RE, a member of his party, during a reconnaissance survey by the Royal Engineers from the north end of Harrison Lake to Four Mile House in the Douglas Road along the Lillooet River in 1859.
In Ucwalmícwts, the language of the Lower Lillooet people, the mountain's name is mólkwcen (no translation given), which is also the name of a fishing camp located near the mouth of Stokke Creek, a creek feeding Harrison Lake from its origins on the flank of Breakenridge.
Geology and tsunami hazard.
Mount Breakenridge is the subject of intensive study by provincial government geologists due to the location of a fracture or shear zone on the mountainside above Harrison Lake. Researchers have identified the shear zone as a major risk for collapse into Harrison Lake, one of BC's largest and deepest, causing a large megatsunami that would impact the resort village of Harrison Hot Springs at the south end of the lake as well as smaller communities such as Port Douglas at the head of the lake and those along the Harrison River, which is the lake's outflow. The wave caused by a future slide may potentially impact the Fraser Valley and Whatcom County, Washington as well.
Harrison Hot Springs, March 2nd 2014. The above article does not accurately reflect the conclusion reached by provincial authorities on potential tsunami damage. The linked document ( Evans & Savigny) actually says :- '"Subsequent investigations by provincial authorities indicated that the likelihood of this scenario occurring was low. "".. Even if there were to be a slide, extensive modelling (by Northwest Hydraulic Consultants ? ) concluded that there would be minimal impact at Harrison village . One reason being that the village is protected by a shallow submerged delta extending about 5km North of the beachfront. ( this is a 'reverse delta', a rare fluvial landform ) . Another is the presence of both Long Island and Echo Island as protective land masses. 
John Allen, Harrison resident since 1976, student of local geology and four-time mayor. 
PS; I have never heard of possible damage to Whatcom County, USA . Harrison, Agassiz and Chilliwack would be destroyed by any tsunami reaching that far. I think that comment is "far-fetched" and unneccesarily alarmist.

</doc>
<doc id="19925710" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925710" title="Kota Tulsipur">
Kota Tulsipur

Kota Tulsipur is a village development committee in Kailali District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6210 living in 839 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19925726" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925726" title="Truviso">
Truviso

Truviso (pronounced "true-VEE-so") is a continuous analytics, venture-backed, startup headquartered in Foster City, California developing and supporting its solution leveraging PostgreSQL, to deliver a proprietary analytics solutions for net-centric customers. Truviso was acquired by Cisco Systems, Inc. on May 4, 2012.
History and products.
Truviso was founded in 2006 by UC Berkeley professor Michael J. Franklin and his Ph.D. student Sailesh Krishnamurthy, advancing on the research of Berkeley's Telegraph project.
Truviso's TruCQ product leverages and extends the open source PostgreSQL database to enable analysis of streaming data, including queries that combine those streams with other streaming data or with historical/staged data. One public example of Truviso's customers using continuous analytics is the dynamic tag cloud visualization of blog indexer Technorati.
Truviso is one of the pioneers in the continuous analytics space which seeks to alter how business intelligence is done—rather than accumulating data first and then running queries on the data set stored in a relational database or a data warehouse, Truviso has always-on queries which process streaming data as it arrives, continuously. For many queries this approach yields results hundreds or thousands of times faster and more efficiently.
Truviso has received funding from ONSET Ventures, Diamondhead Ventures, and the UPS Strategic Enterprise Fund.
Truviso was acquired by Cisco on May 4, 2012
Technology.
Truviso's analytics approach is to have always-on queries analyzing streaming data. This strategy for handling continuously flowing data is different from traditional business intelligence approaches of first accumulating data and then running batch queries for reporting and analysis.
Truviso has developed a continuous analytics solution to solve the challenges of high-volume, always-on data analysis. Truviso's solution is based on a scalable PostgreSQL platform capable of concurrent query execution, utilizing standard SQL against live streams of data. Truviso's approach enables analysis of heterogeneous data regardless of whether the data is flowing, staged, or some combination of the two.
On May 4, 2010, Truviso announced that the company developed a specific application for web analytics called Visitor Insight & Analytics.

</doc>
<doc id="19925737" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925737" title="Marie Aioe Dorion">
Marie Aioe Dorion

"Madame" Marie Aioe Dorion Venier Toupin (ca. 1786–September 5, 1850) was the only female member of the Astor Expedition, also known as the Wilson Price Hunt Expedition. Marie Dorion was a member of the Iowa tribe of Native Americans. She was married to Métis expedition member Pierre Dorion. She was also known as Laguivoise and Wihmunkewakan.
Astor Expedition and Oregon.
Accompanying Dorion and her husband Pierre on the Astor Expedition were their two young boys, who were probably two and four years old. She gave birth to another child near North Powder, Oregon who died several days later. After reaching Fort Astoria, Dorion and her family returned with a trapping party to the Snake River area. The party was attacked by Native Americans and all but Dorion and her children were killed. Though she tried to save a French member of the party by putting him on a horse and moving him away from the scene, he died the next day. After the attack, Dorion and her children survived 50 days of winter living in the Blue Mountains. 
Dorion would marry two more times and have three more children. Her second husband was Louis Venier. With her third husband, Jean Toupin, she settled near Saint Louis, Oregon on the French Prairie. It was in Saint Louis that she began to be known as "Madame".
Death and legacy.
After Dorion Venier Toupin died on September 5, 1850, she was buried inside the original log Roman Catholic Church in Saint Louis. When the church burned down in 1880 and the current church built, the location of Dorion's grave was forgotten and remains unknown to this day. It was only when the church register was translated from French into English many years after the original church burned down that it was learned that Dorion had been buried there. There is no record of why she received this honor instead of being buried in the nearby cemetery, but church burial requires special dispensation and may have indicated that Dorion was especially devout.
Among the places memorializing Dorion are Madame Dorion Memorial Park in the foothills of the Blue Mountains near Milton-Freewater, Oregon, and the Dorion Complex residence hall at Eastern Oregon University in La Grande. There is a plaque noting the place near North Powder where she likely gave birth. Hers is also one of the 158 names of people important to Oregon's history that are painted in the House and Senate chamber of the Oregon State Capitol. Her name is in the Senate chamber. St. Louis, Oregon has a street named after her, Dorion Lane.
Author Jane Kirkpatrick wrote the "Tender Ties" trilogy of historical novels based on Dorion's life.

</doc>
<doc id="19925751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925751" title="Feria, Badajoz">
Feria, Badajoz

Feria () is a Spanish municipality in the province of Badajoz, Extremadura. It has a population of 1,369 (2007) and an area of .

</doc>
<doc id="19925823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925823" title="Helping Angels">
Helping Angels

Helping Angels is a global Facebook group to recruit volunteers to do welfare work founded by Poesy Liang on August 30, 2007 - a day before Malaysia's 50th Year Independence Day. It is a movement of compassion based on random acts of kindness. Activities are created by volunteers who offers leadership to drive projects in their own locality. All activities are funded privately and the group does not handle any form of public donation or collection of any material goods. The objectives of the group is to motivate career professionals to use their wisdom, influence, skills and time resources to help others. The group seeks to promote the donation of time and efforts, placing least importance to the giving in material and monetary sponsorship. Activities cover welfare of the underprivileged, education, homeless, old aged, animal rescue and rehoming, and life-coaching.
"We serve to help those in need. By helping others, our lives are in turn enhanced."
Activities.
Through angel work, volunteers will work on their enhanced awareness through a steepened learning growth. Angel members are encouraged to identify opportunities to help others by exercising their professional creativity - with simplified processes that is practical and effective. While activities are being carried out, the subtle objective is to recognise the joy that can be derived from the act of selflessness. In this way the movement is also to plant the habit of goodness into the society around us, where people can start to generate positivity in their daily affairs - habituating generosity and compassion, with the study and application of wisdom.
To date, projects has sprouted in Kuala Lumpur, Taipei, Hong Kong, Dharamsala, Bali, Singapore, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Dakar, Touba, London, Paris, Hamburg, Bangkok and Cannes.
Bald Empathy Movement.
Bald Empathy Movement is an art project by the Helping Angels movement of compassion, here the message lies in raising empathy for health and wholesome living.
Poesy shaved her head bald at the 64th Cannes Film Festival on the morning of May 16, 2011 to bring awareness to the following 5 objectives :
1. To make bald fashionable and cool, as an empathy movement for those suffering from loss of dignity due to premature hair-loss, and hair-loss due to chronic illnesses such as cancer.
2. To advocate wholesome lifestyles. Living well - emotionally, physically, mentally and spiritually. Encourage healthy attitude, diet, exercise, lifestyle and free of destructive or negative habits - by getting a deeper understanding of wholesome wellness vs chronic illnesses.
3. To raise sensitivity towards survivors and patients suffering from ill health. Learning awareness so we do not cause further stress to those who are battling health issues. E.g.; Don't bring germs or viruses (no matter how minor) to visit someone who is already fighting for their life. Don't take chances with other lives. Appreciate that ignorance can lead us to take many things in life such as health for granted. Don't impose secondhand smoke onto non-smokers.
4. Know that we can give our hair to cancer patients by getting the wigs made and giving it as a gesture of love and respect. Don't just give away the loose hair - make the wig before giving. Good wigs are expensive things. Here is an opportunity for you to give away something not just great, but good and from your heart. Lighten the financial load for others. This point is an awareness for generosity.
5. No hair, no shampoo, less water. Be mindful towards the environment.
A collection of international photographers and film makers are part of the crew to viral the movement on the internet to gain worldwide attention. Since the conception of this movement, many has followed suit in shaving their head for the cause. The list includes green activist Matthias Gelber, Poesy's mother Dr. Chuang, her father KK Leong, singer Elvira Arul, paralympian newscaster Ras Adiba, and more.
Thursday tutoring program.
The longest standing weekly project in Kuala Lumpur. The program has been active since September 27, 2007 covering Precious Children's Home, Trinity Children Centre and Precious Youth Centre. Every Thursday evenings, 3 groups of Kuala Lumpur members will volunteer and spend time coaching underprivileged children of these welfare homes.
Hong Kong Gratitude Letters Project.
January 16, 2010 Helping Angels collaborated with Xuan Yuan Education Fund in Hong Kong, where Helping Angels members correspond in handwritten letters with the underprivileged children from 130 donated schools in rural China. The event was supported by City University of Hong Kong and hosted on campus.
Concert Series Projects.
Classical and jazz concerts by volunteering musician members were held in Taipei at an orphanage and San Francisco for a blind association.
Bangkok Blankets.
A collaboration with Cambridge Society to send 700 blankets to the underprivileged folks in the northern part of Thailand that was struck with an unusually cold winter in 2008.
Random Acts of Kindness.
Past activities were in Senegal where bottles of water were given to the children in the streets of Touba, as well as sets of colour pencils and notepads to children in Dakar.
A project is currently being developed for London.
Poesy's World.
A private online magazine where the memberships are by invitation only. Here Poesy Liang documented her journals daily since 1999. In 2005, the author closed the site to all viewers although the writing continued.
Sources.
i. Online group finds a way to give back to the community by Tan Ju Eng
ii. More about Poesy
iii. Googled results of Poesy's news
iv. Report from a participant of the Young Leadership International
v. SK-II Nona TV3 Interview of Poesy Liang, Founder of Helping Angels
vi. Helping Angels Official Website, Work in Progress
vii. Helping Angels Facebook Group
viii. The Star March 14, 2008 Interview
ix. The Girl Who Just Wouldn't Give Up
x. Lending A Helping Hand
xi. Info on Precious Children's Home
xii. Info on Trinity Children Centre
xiii. Poesy's World

</doc>
<doc id="19925853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925853" title="Intrada Records">
Intrada Records

Intrada Records is an American record company based in Oakland, California, owned and managed by Douglass Fake and Roger Feigelson. The company specializes in movie and television soundtracks, particularly those by the late Jerry Goldsmith.
Intrada is a label producing movie and television soundtracks on CD since 1985. In addition to standard releases, Intrada features The Excalibur Collection, a series of world premiere re-recordings of film scores, reconstructed and performed by orchestras. Intrada has a series of limited edition soundtracks, produced in cooperation with film studios and the American Federation of Musicians.
CD releases.
Current categories.
Intrada Special Collection Series
Intrada MAF (Mary Ann Fake)
Intrada Signature Editions
Disney/Intrada Series
Former categories.
Intrada RVF (Regina Victoria Fake)
Intrada FMT (Film Music Treasures)
Intrada VJF (Veronica Jeanne Fake)

</doc>
<doc id="19925880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925880" title="Lisa Goldstein (actress)">
Lisa Goldstein (actress)

Lisa Erin Goldstein (born July 30, 1981) is an American television, film and theatre actress. She is most known for her role as Millicent Huxtable on "One Tree Hill".
Personal life and education.
Goldstein was born on Long Island, New York and lived in London, England until the age of 4. She also lived in Pennsylvania as a child and then New York, North Carolina, California and Florida where she worked and went to school. She graduated from Hingham High School (Hingham, Massachusetts) in 1999. Afterwards, Goldstein went to Elon University where she received her BFA in Music Theatre in 2003. She then interned at B Street Theatre in Sacramento, California. Goldstein is currently married and lives in Florida with her husband sports coordinator; Brendan Kirsch. She met him on the One Tree Hill set where he was basketball coordinator.
Career.
After college, Goldstein worked at regional theaters in several musicals, including Smokey Joe's Cafe, Victor Victoria and Anything Goes. 
In early 2007, Goldstein signed a contract with Walt Disney World in Orlando, Florida where she played Belle in Beauty and the Beast - The Musical and Nemo, Pearl and Squirt in Finding Nemo - The Musical.
In July 2007, Goldstein was booked on the CW's popular drama series "One Tree Hill" as Millicent Huxtable. She was cast only for the first episode of season 5. However, after seeing her performance in that episode, the writers decided to bring her character back for the remainder of the season. In season 6, she became a regular.
In early 2008, Goldstein filmed an independent film "Who Do You Love?", portraying Phil Chess's wife Sheva Chess. She also appeared in the music video for fellow "One Tree Hill" co-star Kate Voegele's song "Only Fooling Myself," which was directed by the show's creator and executive producer Mark Schwahn.
As of August 2011, Goldstein was working on season 9 of "One Tree Hill".

</doc>
<doc id="19925897" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925897" title="Panic of 1792">
Panic of 1792

The Panic of 1792 was a financial credit crisis that occurred during the months of March and April of 1792, precipitated by the expansion of credit by the newly formed Bank of the United States as well as by rampant speculation on the part of William Duer, Alexander Macomb and other prominent bankers. Duer, Macomb and their colleagues attempted to drive up prices of US debt securities and bank stocks, but when they defaulted on loans, prices fell causing a bank run. Simultaneous tightening of credit by the Bank of the United States served to heighten the initial panic. Secretary of the Treasury Alexander Hamilton was able to deftly manage the crisis by providing banks across the Northeast with hundreds of thousands of dollars to make open-market purchases of securities, which allowed the market to stabilize by May of 1792.
Bank of the United States & the Crisis of 1791.
In December of 1790, Hamilton called for the creation of the Bank of the United States, and in February of 1791 President George Washington signed the charter allowing the bank to open. During the initial public offering for the Bank of the United States, investors paid $25 for a stock, called a scrip, and were required to make three additional payments in six-month intervals totaling $375. These payments were to be 25% in specie and 75% in US debt securities. Demand for stock in the newly formed Bank of the United States was significant, and prices for scrips increased dramatically for the first several weeks, reaching $280 in New York and reportedly over $300 in Philadelphia by mid-August. The market shifts were not sustainable, and within days prices began to fall rapidly. Hamilton stepped in by working with William Seton, the cashier of the Bank of New York, to authorize the purchase of $150,000 of public debt in New York to be covered by government revenues. By September 12, prices had recovered, and Hamilton’s intervention had not only stabilized the market but also laid the groundwork for his cooperation with the Bank of New York, which would later be crucial in ending the Panic of 1792.
Causes of the Panic of 1792.
In late December of 1791, the price of securities began to increase once again, and the eventual crash in March of 1792 caused many investors to panic and withdraw their money from the Bank of the United States. One of the primary causes of the sudden run on the bank was the failure of a scheme created by William Duer, Alexander Macomb and other bankers in the winter of 1791. Duer and Macomb’s plan was to use large loans to gain control of the US debt securities market because other investors needed those securities to make payments on stocks in the Bank of the United States. Additionally, Duer and Macomb were able to create their own credit by endorsing one another’s notes, and did so in hopes of creating a new bank in New York to overtake the existing Bank of New York. On March 9, 1792 Duer stopped making payments to his creditors and simultaneously faced a lawsuit for actions he had taken as Secretary of the Treasury Board in the 1780s. As Duer and Macomb defaulted on their contracts and found themselves in prison, the price of securities fell more than 20%, all in the matter of weeks.
The Panic of 1792 was further instigated by the sudden restriction of previously overextended credit by the Bank of the United States. When the Bank of the United States first began accepting deposits and making discounts in December of 1791, it expanded credit extensively. By January 31, 1792 monetary liabilities exceeded $2.17 million, and discounts reached $2.68 million – a very large sum at the time. Speculators took advantage of this new credit source, using it to make withdrawals from the Bank of New York, which placed undue stress on the bank’s reserves. From December 29 to March 9, cash reserves for the Bank of the United States decreased by 34%, prompting the bank to not renew nearly 25% of its outstanding 30-day loans. In order to pay off these loans, many borrowers were forced to sell securities that they had purchased, which caused prices to fall sharply.
Crisis Management.
In mid-March of 1792, Alexander Hamilton began the political and economic maneuvering necessary to contain the credit crisis affecting markets across the country. The charter creating the Bank of the United States had also set up the Sinking Fund Commission composed of Vice President John Adams, Secretary of State Thomas Jefferson, Attorney General Edmund Randolph, Chief Justice John Jay, and Secretary of the Treasury Alexander Hamilton, charged with resolving financial crises. On March 21, 1792, with Jay absent from voting, the commission split on the decision to allow open-market purchases. Having received notice from William Seton that the Bank of New York was in trouble, Hamilton wished to have the government make purchases as it had in 1791, but was unable to do so while Jefferson and Randolph stood opposed. While still waiting for Jay’s formal and deciding vote, Randolph began to side with Hamilton on March 26, and with only Jefferson dissenting, the commission authorized $100,000 in open-market purchases of securities.
In a series of letters to Seton at the Bank of New York, Hamilton introduced several measures to restore normalcy to the securities market. Hamilton encouraged the bank to continue offering loans collateralized by US debt securities, but at a slightly increased rate of interest – seven percent instead of six. In order to persuade the Bank of New York to lend during the panic, Hamilton also promised that the US Treasury would buy from the bank up to $500,000 of securities should the Bank of New York be stuck with excessive collateral. Similarly, Hamilton supported the Bank of Maryland’s lending by offering to have the US Treasury cover loans made to merchants paying duties. By April 16, after Hamilton authorized an additional $150,000 of open-market purchases by the Bank of New York, Seton reported that market demand was returning to normal.
In just under a month, Hamilton was thus able to stabilize the securities market and prevent the panic from inducing a recession. By exerting his power as Secretary of Treasury and persuading a number of banks to continue offering credit throughout the crisis, Hamilton was able to limit the amount spent by the Sinking Fund Commission to $243,000 – roughly $100,000 less than what was spent during the smaller panic in 1791.

</doc>
<doc id="19925965" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925965" title="Bruce Weinstein">
Bruce Weinstein

Bruce Weinstein is an American ethicist who contributes to Bloomberg Businessweek's Management Blog. He has offered ethical analyses on CNN's The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer (on such issues as the Harvard cheating scandal of 2012), Anderson Cooper 360 (debating with David Gergen about the ethics of publishing kiss-and-tell books in politics), and "Issue #1" (an ethics quiz he developed); NBC's Today (the ethics of going to work sick); ABC's Good Morning America (the ethics of tipping and regifting); ABC News Now (ethical dilemmas in the workplace); WNBC's Today in New York (five principles for making ethical decisions);CNBC's "Surviving the Market" (scandals in business);, WNYC's Leonard Lopate Show (the ethics of apologies);, FOX News Channel's O'Reilly Factor (the ethics of producing and watching reality television shows); and other television and radio programs. Weinstein promotes himself as "The Ethics Guy".
Much of Weinstein's work involves helping business leaders, members of professional trade associations, and students appreciate the role that ethics plays in everyday life. This work often takes the form of interactive keynote addresses, which he has given to such diverse groups as Northrop Grumman, the Eastern Michigan University College of Business, the National Business Aviation Association, the Association of Test Publishers, Baldwin-Wallace College, the American Association of Collegiate Registrars and Admissions Officers, the National Association of Corporate Directors (New Jersey chapter), compliance officers from the Blue Cross Blue Shield Association, and the Carnegie Council for Ethics in International Affairs.
He received a B.A. in philosophy from Swarthmore College, a Ph.D. in philosophy with a concentration in bioethics from Georgetown University, and a National Fellowship from the W.K. Kellogg Foundation.
Early publications.
Weinstein published his first book in 1985 at the age of 25 while a graduate student at Georgetown University. "Ethics in the Hospital Setting" contains the papers presented at the first state conference devoted to the issue of what was then called hospital ethics committees, which are now known as institutional ethics committees. Weinstein is credited as the editor of the volume. Portions of Weinstein’s doctoral dissertation, "The Possibility of Ethical Expertise" (Georgetown University, 1989) were edited and published as the articles “What is an Expert?”Medicine and Bioethics (Vol. 14, No. 1), pp. 57–73 and “The Possibility of Ethical Expertise”[Theoretical Medicine and Bioethics (Vol. 15, No. 1), pp. 61–75.
Weinstein’s second book as editor, "Dental Ethics", is a collection of articles co-authored by ethicists and dentists. His third book as editor, "Ethical Issues in Pharmacy", contains essays co-authored by ethicists and pharmacists.
Later publications.
After editing three books for health care professionals, Weinstein decided to write his own books and broaden the scope of his work to include businesspeople, general readers of adult non-fiction, and students. His first book in this project was, "What Should I Do: 4 Simple Steps to Making Better Decisions in Everyday Life." He applied the four-step protocol used by institutional ethics committees to ethical issues that people outside of health care face. This protocol is:
The book was a Finalist for the Books for a Better Life Award.
Weinstein's next book was published in 2005 by Emmis Books, a division of Emmis Communications. "Life Principles: Feeling Good by Doing Good," was an application of Tom Beauchamp and James Childress's "Principles of Biomedical Ethics." The basis of the Beauchamp/Childress work is principlism, an ethical framework that uses principles as the foundation for ethical decision making. The four principles that form the core of the Beauchamp/Childress work are:
Weinstein's work simplifies the principles, so that, for example, the principle of nonmaleficence becomes "do no harm", and the principle of beneficence becomes "make things better." Weinstein also applies the principles to areas beyond health care and biomedical research.
The follow-up to "Life Principles" was a book for 10-14-year-olds entitled, "Is It Still Cheating If I Don't Get Caught?" Published in 2009 by Roaring Brook Press (a division of Macmillan), The book is an application of "Life Principles" to the issues that young adults face with teachers, fellow students, parents, and friends. It received the strongest reviews in Weinstein's career up to that point.
In 2011, New World Library published Weinstein's "Ethical Intelligence: Five Principles for Untangling Your Toughest Problems at Work and Beyond." The book expanded much of the work Weinstein had done in his columns for Bloomberg Businessweek on such topics as the outsourcing of customer service, the ethics of taking vacations, and how to give and receive criticism. In 2012, ForeWord magazine selected "Ethical Intelligence" as a Silver Winner in its annual Book of the Year Awards in the self-help category.
Weinstein's letter to the New York Times calling for honesty in politics was chosen as the basis for its weekly Invitation to a Dialogue feature. The letter was originally published on July 7, 2012, after which readers were invited to submit responses. The letter was then republished on August 11, along with several reader responses and a rejoinder from Weinstein. The basis for the letter was Warren Beatty's 1998 film, Bulworth, a satire predicated on the idea that a politician telling the truth would be the stuff of comedy.

</doc>
<doc id="19925968" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925968" title="Guareña">
Guareña

Guareña is a Spanish municipality in the province of Badajoz, Extremadura. It has a population of 7,326 (2007) and an area of 283.3 km².

</doc>
<doc id="19925989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19925989" title="Artist Foundation of San Antonio">
Artist Foundation of San Antonio

The Artist Foundation of San Antonio, co-founded in 2005 by Bettie Ward and Patricia Pratchett, is a non-profit organization which gives San Antonio, Texas artists grants up to $12,500 annually. The Foundation is a subsidiary of ARTS San Antonio and distinguishes itself in that it supports individual artists directly with funds for proposed projects. In some ways, this relatively hands-off approach to allow artists room for creative liberty is reminiscent of the philosophy of Artpace, a premiere international residency also in San Antonio. The Foundation supports a wide array of disciplines including performing arts, visual arts, media arts and literary arts. Every year the foundation holds San Antonio's ArtBall to help raise funds for the artists.
References.
http://www.mysanantonio.com/entertainment/MYSA110607_10B_ARTISTFOUNDATION_345dea3_html8505.html
http://www.sawoman.com/0508/arts1.html
http://blogs.mysanantonio.com/weblogs/artbeat/2008/10/artist_foundation_award_winner.html
http://www.mysanantonio.com/entertainment/visual_arts/Robleto_adds_inventive_new_air_to_Seattle_museum.html

</doc>
<doc id="19926020" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19926020" title="Bureau of Military Information">
Bureau of Military Information

The Bureau of Military Information (BMI) was the first formal and organized American intelligence agency, active during the American Civil War.
Predecessors.
Allan Pinkerton was a Scottish immigrant who in 1850 opened the Pinkerton National Detective Agency, one of the first detective and private security agencies in the United States. He was contracted by Federal and a number of state and local governments to solve cases such as train robberies. In early 1861, Pinkerton assumed responsibility for Abraham Lincoln's safety, including gaining wind of an alleged assassination attempt.
Shortly after the start of the Civil War, Pinkerton was contacted by George B. McClellan (a friend and former client) to provide intelligence for the Department of the Ohio. 
Charles Pomeroy Stone, then a colonel, also utilized a number of detectives to report intelligence matters to him. Starting in 1862, General Winfield Scott hired Lafayette C. Baker to provide similar services for him that Pinkerton provided for McClellan. Lincoln also hired William A. Lloyd, a railroad publisher, to infiltrate the Confederacy and provide reports directly to him at the cost of $200 a month plus expenses.
In all cases, the detectives and spies in question were civilians, despite the fact that they reported to military heads and served in wartime (Pinkerton, however, created an alias that was a Union Army major). They also reported directly to and were paid at the leisure of their superiors, not to any military or government agency, and in fact, Pinkerton and Baker's organizations actively competed against one another, to the point of arrested each other's agents to maintain an upper hand. After the war, both Pinkerton and Baker claimed to have held the position of "Chief of the United States Secret Service." However, none of the above are considered to be a true intelligence agency.
Bureau of Military Information.
On January 26, 1863, Major General Joseph Hooker was given command of the Army of the Potomac. One of his first orders was for his deputy provost marshal, Colonel George H. Sharpe, to establish an intelligence unit. Sharpe was assisted by John C. Babcock, a civilian and former employee of Pinkerton. On February 11, 1863, they established the Bureau of Military Information. 
The BMI utilized around 70 field agents during the war, ten of whom were killed. In addition to field agents, information was gathered through interrogation of prisoners of war and refugees, newspapers, and documents left on the battlefield by Confederate officers who has retreated or been killed.
In July, 1864, Commanding General Ulysses S. Grant, in preparation of the campaign to capture Richmond, stationed Sharpe and the BMI staff into his command headquarters, in order to ensure he would have the most up to date knowledge of the battlefield. Sharpe and BMI continued to serve Grant up until the Battle of Appomattox Court House, where they were responsible for paroling the former members of the Army of Northern Virginia, including Robert E. Lee himself.
Aftermath.
The BMI was disbanded in 1865, at the end of the Civil War. The United States would not create another formal intelligence agency until the Office of Naval Intelligence in 1882. The Army would create its Military Intelligence Division in 1885, which would become the predecessor of the Military Intelligence Corps and United States Army Intelligence and Security Command.
Following Lincoln's assassination, Baker would be responsible for tracking down the conspirators, but would eventually be dismissed by Andrew Johnson due to allegedly spying on the President himself for Edwin M. Stanton. Baker would also hunt for Lincoln's conspirators, this time in Europe as a special agent of the United States Department of State. After being elected President of the United States, Grant appointed Sharpe as United States Marshal for the Southern District of New York where he helped root out corruption, including disbanding the Tweed Ring.

</doc>
<doc id="19926026" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19926026" title="Simon Cheffins">
Simon Cheffins

Simon Cheffins is a British / American percussionist. Founding member of Crash Worship, Blood Lake, and the Extra Action Marching Band. He currently resides in San Francisco, California.

</doc>
<doc id="19926060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19926060" title="Politics of the Western Cape">
Politics of the Western Cape

The politics of the Western Cape are more complex than in most other provinces of South Africa, because, unlike the other provinces, the African National Congress (ANC) does not dominate the political landscape.
In the election of 2004, no party achieved an absolute majority in the province, with the ANC having a plurality of 45% of the votes. However, the ANC was in an alliance with the New National Party (NNP), which had 11% of the votes, which allowed the ANC-NNP coalition to form a provincial government. During the 2005 floor crossing period all of the NNP members of the Provincial Parliament moved to the ANC, giving the ANC an absolute majority in the province. The ANC chose Ebrahim Rasool as Premier; in 2008 he was replaced by Lynne Brown. The provincial leader of the ANC is Mcebisi Skwatsha.
The official opposition in the Western Cape after the 2004 elections was the Democratic Alliance (DA), which received 27% of the vote in the provincial ballot. A multi-party coalition led by the DA has also controlled the City of Cape Town, the most populous municipality in the province, since the 2006 municipal elections.
In the election of 22 April 2009 the ANC was unseated by the DA, which took 51.46% of the vote. This election marks the first time since the end of apartheid that a party has scored an overall majority in the province. The DA leader Helen Zille replaced Lynne Brown as Premier on 6 May 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19926062" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19926062" title="I am à l'ancienne">
I am à l'ancienne

"I am à l'ancienne" is the debut solo album from R&B singer/rapper K.Maro. The album is produced by DJ Short Cut, and includes "Le clan chill" featuring Corneille. Also very notable is "Symphonie pour un dingue" in two versions (original and remix) and written by Louis Côté who later on composed K.Maro's most successful song "Femme Like U". The remix version of "Symphonie pour un dingue" was done on a Sonny Black beat used in Corneille et Kulcha Connexion hits.

</doc>
<doc id="19926100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19926100" title="First Cabinet of Edward Szczepanik">
First Cabinet of Edward Szczepanik

The First Cabinet of Edward Szczepanik (Pierwszy rząd Edwarda Szczepanika) was the second-to-last of cabinets of the Polish Government in Exile, preceding Cabinet of Kazimierz Sabbat (who became President) and second Szczepanik Cabinet.

</doc>
<doc id="19926101" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19926101" title="Illinois (band)">
Illinois (band)

Illinois is an American indie rock band from Bucks County, Pennsylvania fronted by singer/guitarist/banjoist/keyboardist Chris Archibald. The other members of the band are Martin Hoeger (bass, vocals), John Paul Kuyper (drums) and Jason Buzolits (keyboard, synthesizer, guitar). The band is occasionally accompanied on stage by Scott Labor (guitar, miscellaneous), Craig Labor (percussion), and Dee Jay Skipmode (turntables). To date, the band has released four albums, while a fifth is slated for a 2013 release.
History.
Illinois self-released their first EP, "Revenge of Some Kid" in 2006. In early 2007, Ace Fu Records signed the group after hearing their debut EP. Illinois released "What the Hell Do I Know?" on Ace Fu later that year, garnering comparisons to The White Stripes, The Arcade Fire, Coconut Records, The Morning Benders and Wilco. The group toured and played SXSW following the release of the EP. Following this, the group toured with The Kooks. After signing with +1 Records in 2009, Illinois released "The Adventures of Kid Catastrophe" and subsequently embarked on nationwide tours alongside Menomena and The Builders and the Butchers.
In July 2011, a new album titled "Lemonade Stand" was released and has been made available to stream on SoundCloud and the band's official website. Sometime in 2011, the band left +1 Records and created Rockhampton Records with fellow band Eastern Conference Champions.
Illinois is currently in the studio finishing up an album, which was originally due out in October 2012.
The group's song "Nosebleed" was featured in the season three episode of "Weeds", called, "The Brick Dance." "Hang On" was featured on the soundtrack for the video game, "NBA 2K10".

</doc>
<doc id="19926128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19926128" title="Jeff Mattson">
Jeff Mattson

Jeff Mattson (born July 3, 1958) is an American musician. A founding member of the jam band, the Zen Tricksters, and guitarist in the Donna Jean Godchaux Band with Jeff Mattson, which features the Grateful Dead’s Donna Jean Godchaux, Mattson was named the permanent lead guitarist for Dark Star Orchestra. in November,2009. A veteran of 30 years on the road, Mattson is a guitar player whose playing ranges from rock & roll to blues, bluegrass, country, jazz, and folk, with a healthy dose of psychedelia. Jeff is also a strong original songwriter and his work is prominently featured on five albums, including several pieces co-written with band mate Donna Jean. He is a co-writer of “Leave Me Out of This,” a track on Phil Lesh and Friends Sony CD, "There and Back Again." He is known for delivering heart-wrenching vocals as well as his ever-present desire to explore new musical terrain with his fellow musicians. Jeff was asked to audition for Phil Lesh & Friends in the fall of 1999 and in October 1999, Jeff and then Zen Trickster keyboard player, Rob Barraco, played three shows with Phil Lesh and Friends at the Warfield Theater in San Francisco. 1999.

</doc>
<doc id="19926139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19926139" title="Military Information Division (United States)">
Military Information Division (United States)

The Military Information Division (MID) was the first military intelligence branch of the United States Army and the United States Department of War, operating from 1885 to 1903.
History.
The MID was established by Brigadier General Richard C. Drum, the then Adjutant General of the United States Army in October 1885 under his office in Washington DC. It thus became the de facto first standing military intelligence agency of the United States. Whilst the Union Army had a Bureau of Military Information, it reported to the Commanding General for less than a year prior to being disbanded at the end of the Civil War. 
The original duties of the MID consisted of collecting military data on foreign nations. Drum also asked senior Army commanders to have their officers to submit intelligence reports from their travels to foreign nations. "Initially, the division acted as a relatively passive repository for military related information." In 1889, the MID saw the formation of, directed and controlled what would become the Defense Attaché System, with United States Armed Forces officers being dispatched to London, Berlin, Paris, Vienna, and St. Petersburg. The Secretary of War, Redfield Proctor, required all information from the attachés to be analysed by the MID. "By 1898, the MID had 16 attaché posts in Europe, Mexico, and Japan. Until the early 1940s, the attaché system constituted the foundation of the Army’s strategic collection effort."
Spanish-American War.
With the beginning of the Spanish-American War in April 1898, the United States Army entered a conflict with existing military intelligence preparation for the first time. Since 1882, the MID had been collecting terrain and order of battle intelligence on the Spanish in Cuba and the Caribbean and had consequently produced detailed maps of likely theaters of operation. Such intelligence was assisted by the reports of the United States Army attaché in Madrid, Captain Tasker H. Bliss who would later be the Chief of Staff of the United States Army, on Spanish deployments in the region. In April, the Chief of MID, Major Arthur L. Wagner ordered two experienced military observers of MID to be deployed to the region to collect specific information on Spanish defence capabilities before the deployment of American forces. First Lieutenant Andrew S. Rowan was deployed to Cuba and First Lieutenant Henry H. Whitney was deployed to Puerto Rico. "As the war progressed, the MID published comprehensive handbooks for both Caribbean countries." The Spanish-American War ended in August 1898 with an American victory.
Philippine-American War.
After the American naval victory in the Battle of Manila Bay of May 1898, the American troops were deployed to the Philippines in July 1898. With American victory in the Spanish-American War in August 1898, fighting broke out as the Filipinos sought independence. This led to the Philippine–American War in June 1899. Consequently, the American Military Governor of the Philippines formed the Bureau of Insurgent Records (BIR) to translate and collate captured documents and to provide information about the Filipino forces beyond tactical reconnaissance. In December 1900, the bureau became the Division of Military Information (DMI) under the United States Military Government of the Philippines and was responsible for military intelligence and counterinsurgency capabilities. The Chief of DMI, Captain Ralph Van Deman who had served on the staff of the Chief of MID Major Arthur L. Wagner and would be called the "The Father of American Military Intelligence", expanded the capabilities of the DMI to include a mapping section, improved liaison with other agencies, relayed intelligence to the field commanders, provided photographs and descriptions of known Filipino insurgents, and coordinated localised intelligence officers to gather information on the surrounding terrain, attitudes of local villagers, and the dispositions of Filipino insurgent groups. In 1902, the DMI became a branch the MID with the end of the Philippine–American War in July 1902.
Reorganisation.
In 1903, Secretary of War Elihu Root reorganised the United States Department of War and also established the United States Army General Staff to coordinate and perform administrative, planning and intelligence functions. The Second Division of the General Staff consequently acquired the MID from the Adjutant General's Office. The Second Division was given four major duties: collecting and disseminating information on foreign countries; directing the work of the attaché system; supervising mapping, and maintaining a reference collection. "For the moment, the intelligence function had achieved equal standing with other staff missions."

</doc>
<doc id="19926152" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19926152" title="NIST RBAC model">
NIST RBAC model

The NIST RBAC model is a standardized definition of role based access control. Although originally developed by the National Institute of Standards and Technology, the standard was adopted and is copyrighted and distributed as INCITS 359-2004 by the International Committee for Information Technology Standards (INCITS). It is managed by INCITS committee CS1.
History.
In 2000, NIST called for a unified standard for RBAC, integrating the RBAC model published in 1992 by Ferraiolo and Kuhn with the RBAC framework introduced by Sandhu, Coyne, Feinstein, and Youman (1996). This proposal was published by Sandhu, Ferraiolo, and Kuhn
and presented at the ACM 5th Workshop on Role Based Access Control. Following debate and comment within the RBAC and security communities, NIST made revisions and proposed a U.S. national standard for RBAC through the INCITS. In 2004, the standard received ballot approval and was adopted as INCITS 359-2004. Sandhu, Ferraiolo, and Kuhn later published an explanation of the design choices in the model.
In 2010, NIST announced a revision to RBAC, incorporating features of attribute-based access control (ABAC).

</doc>
<doc id="19926164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19926164" title="VORTEX projects">
VORTEX projects

The Verification of the Origins of Rotation in Tornadoes Experiment or VORTEX, field projects study tornadoes. VORTEX1 was the first time scientists completely researched the entire evolution of a tornado, enabling a greater understanding of the processes involved with tornadogenesis. VORTEX2 is using enhanced technology allowing scientists to improve forecasting capabilities to improve advance warnings to residents. VORTEX2 is seeking to explain how tornadoes form, how long they last and why they last that long, and what causes them to dissipate.
The VORTEX 2 project concluded on July 6, 2010.
VORTEX1.
The VORTEX1 project sought to understand how a tornado is produced by deploying around 18 vehicles that were equipped with customized instruments used to measure and analyze the weather around a tornado. The project has also stated that it is interested in why some supercells produce tornadoes while others do not. It also concerned itself with why some supercells form violent tornadoes versus weak tornadoes. 
The original project took place in 1994 and 1995, while several smaller studies were conducted from 1996 to 2008. VORTEX1 documented the entire life cycle of a tornado for the first time. Severe weather warnings improved after the research collected from VORTEX 1 and many believe that VORTEX1 contributed to this improvement. “An important finding from the original VORTEX experiment was that the factors responsible for causing tornadoes happen on smaller time and space scales than scientists had thought. New advances will allow for a more detailed sampling of a storm’s wind, temperature and moisture environment and lead to a better understanding of why tornadoes form – and how they can be more accurately predicted,” said Stephan Nelson, NSF program director for physical and dynamic meteorology.
VORTEX had the capability to fly doppler weather radar above the tornado approximately every five minutes.
VORTEX research allowed the National Weather Service to provide tornado warnings to residents with a lead time of 13 minutes. A federal research meteorologist, Don Burgess, estimates that the "false alarms" pertaining to severe weather by the National Weather Service have declined by 10 percent.
The movie "Twister" was at least partially inspired by the VORTEX project.
VORTEX2.
VORTEX2 was an expanded second VORTEX project with field phases from 10 May until 13 June 2009 and 1 May until 15 June 2010. VORTEX2's goals were studying why some thunderstorms produce tornadoes while others do not, how to make more accurate and longer lead time tornado forecasts and warnings, and tornado structure. VORTEX2 is by far the largest and most ambitious tornado study ever with over 100 scientific participants from many different universities and research laboratories. 
"We still do not completely understand the processes that lead to tornado formation and shape its development. We hope that VORTEX2 will provide the data we need to learn more about the development of tornadoes and in time help forecasters give people more advance warning before a tornado strikes," says Roger Wakimoto, now director of the National Center of Atmospheric Research (NCAR) and a principal investigator for VORTEX2.
"Then you can get first responders to be better prepared—police, fire, medical personnel, even power companies. Now, that's not even remotely possible," said Stephan P. Nelson, a program director in the atmospheric sciences division of the National Science Foundation.
Joshua Wurman, president of the Center for Severe Weather Research in Boulder, Colorado proposes, "if we can increase that lead time from 13 minutes to half an hour, then the average person at home could do something different. Maybe they can seek a community shelter instead of just going into their bathtub. Maybe they can get their family to better safety if we can give them a longer warning and a more precise warning."
VORTEX2 deployed 50 vehicles customized with mobile radar, including the Doppler On Wheels (DOW) radars, SMART Radars, the NOXP radar, a fleet of instrumented vehicles, unmanned aerial vehicles, deployable instrument arrays called Sticknet and Podnet, and mobile weather balloon launching equipment. Over 100 scientists and crew will research tornadoes and supercell thunderstorms in the Tornado Alley of the United States plains between Texas and Minnesota. A number of institutions are involved in the US$11.9 million project: Finland, the National Weather Service, the Bureau of Meteorology in Australia, Italy, the Netherlands, and the United Kingdom, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), Environment Canada, universities across the United States, and the NOAA Storm Prediction Center.
The project included DOW6, DOW7, Rapid-Scan DOW, SMART-RADARs, NOXP, UMASS-X, UMASS-W, and CIRPAS for their mobile radar contingent. The Doppler on Wheels are supplied by the Center for Severe Weather Research CSWR, and the SMART-Radars from the University of Oklahoma. National Severe Storms Laboratory (NSSL) has supplied the NOXP radar, as well as several other radar units from the University of Massachusetts Amherst, the Office of Naval Research and Texas Tech University (TTU). NSSL and CSWR are supplying mobile mesonets. Mobile radiosonde launching vehicles are provided by NSSL, NCAR, and the State University of New York at Oswego (SUNY Oswego). There are quite a few other deployable state of the art instrumentation, such as Sticknets from TTU, Tornado PODS from CSWR, and four disdrometers from University of Colorado CU, and University of Illinois.
VORTEX2 technology allowed trucks with radar to be placed in and near tornadic storms and allowed continuous observations of the tornado activity. Howard Bluestein, a meteorology professor at the University of Oklahoma said, "We will be able to distinguish between rain, hail, dust, debris, flying cows."
As well photogrammetry teams, damage survey teams, unmanned aircraft and weather balloon launching vans will help to surround the tornadoes and thunderstorms. The equipment amassed will allow three dimensional pictures of the storms to be collected with radars and other instruments every 75 seconds, and resolution of the tornado and tornadic storm cells as close as . 
Scientists met May 10 and held a class which taught the crews how to launch the Tornado Pods which will need to be sent off within 45 seconds. Vortex 2 is equipped with 12 Tornado PODS which are instruments mounted onto towers which measure wind velocity and direction. The aim is that the measurements are taken in the centre of the tornado. Once the pods are deployed, the teams repeat the process at the next location until finally the teams return to the south of the tornado to retrieve the pods with the recorded data. The process is then repeated again. This happens within or 4 minutes away from the tornado itself.
The team will have 24 two-meter (7 ft) high portable sticknets which can be set up at various locations around tornado storm cells to measure wind fields, provide atmospheric readings, and record acoustically the hail and precipitation.
Scientists are still seeking to understand which supercell thunderstorms which form mesocyclones will further produce tornadoes.
Updates on the progress of the project will be posted on the Vortex 2 home page. The scientists have also started a blog of live reports. "Even though this field phase seems to be the most spectacular and seems like it's a lot of work, by far the majority of what we're doing is when we go back to our labs, when we work with each other, when we work with our students to try to figure out just what is it that we've collected," Wurman said. "It's going to take years to digest this data and to really get the benefit of this." Penn State University will feature the public release of the initial scientific findings in the fall.
The forecasters are determining the best probability of sighting a tornado. As the trucks traveled to Clinton, OK from Childress, TX, they found mammatus clouds, and lightning at sundown May 13.
The project finally encountered its first tornado on the afternoon of June 5 when they successfully intercepted a tornado in southern Goshen County, Wyoming which lasted for approximately 25 minutes. One of their vehicles, Probe 1, suffered hail damage during the intercept. Later that evening, embedded Weather Channel reporter Mike Bettes reported that elements of VORTEX2 had intercepted a second tornado in Nebraska.
Partial list of scientists and crew.
The complete team comprises about 50 scientists and is supplemented by students. A complete listing of principal investigators (PI's) is at http://vortex2.org. An alphabetical partial listing of VORTEX2 scientists and crew:

</doc>
<doc id="19926172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19926172" title="Vaidehi (TV series)">
Vaidehi (TV series)

Vaidehi - Ek Aur Agni Pareeksha was a Hindi-language television series that aired on Sony TV every Monday–Thursday at 9:30pm IST. The show was produced by famous Bollywood actress Aruna Irani and premiered on June 5, 2006. It replaced Sony TV's most famous serial "Jassi Jaisi Koi Nahin". 
Vaidehi had got blockbuster success in ivory Coast and Senegal. When Pallavi Kulkarni visited Senegal, people were mad like any thing to see her. It was the same crowd and craze as it would have been for Rajesh Khanna back in his time. People in Senegal, still wants Vaidehi back... 
Concept.
The story revolves around the life of 21-year-old middle-class Vaidehi, who has a dream of marrying her Prince Charming and having a supportive family. But being born in a poorer family, Vaidehi believes her dream may not come true. Nevertheless, as was destined to happen, her parents get a marriage proposal for their daughter from one of the richest families in the town — the Jaisinghs. 
Vaidehi's family finds it hard to believe that they asked for a marriage with their son Aryavardhan. Vaidehi is also skeptical and wonders what the reason behind this alliance could be. She refuses to accept the offer. However, her parents persuade her to accept it. Eventually, after major persuasion from her family, Vaidehi marries Aryavardhan. A few days after her marriage, Vaidehi feels trapped in the relationship, and her life comes to a standstill. The question remains — what is the secret that lurks in the corridors of the Jaisingh mansion and what will happen when the truth is unveiled?

</doc>
<doc id="19926173" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19926173" title="Perfect Stranger (album)">
Perfect Stranger (album)

'Perfect Stranger' is the third studio album by the Canadian rapper K.Maro. The album was released on October 28th, 2008. There are 2 singles already released from that album. Some of the songs are in collaboration with various artists like Imposs, Belly and Rad, Odessa Thornhill and Jonas. 

</doc>
<doc id="19926185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19926185" title="Mechanicville Bridge">
Mechanicville Bridge

The Mechanicville Bridge (also known as the Hemstreet Park Bridge) carries New York State Route 67 across the Hudson River in New York connecting Mechanicville with Hemstreet Park in the Town of Schaghticoke. The bridge was built in 1950 as a replacement for a structure privately built as a toll bridge in 1888, and is referred to by some as the Champlain Canal Bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="19926188" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19926188" title="Mark Twain Sr. High">
Mark Twain Sr. High

Mark Twain Sr. High is an alternative high school located in Linda Vista, San Diego, California, part of the San Diego City School District.

</doc>
<doc id="19926196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19926196" title="White Light Riot">
White Light Riot

White Light Riot is an American indie rock group based in Minneapolis, Minnesota. Members include brothers Mike Schwandt (vocals, rhythm guitar) and Mark Schwandt (drums), Dan Larsen (bass), Randy Tomes (Keyboards) and Zack Caroll (Guitar). White Light Riot is sometimes abbreviated as WLR, and more rarely as NRA.
History.
In early 2005, brothers Mike and Mark Schwandt formed the band. During their junior year in high school at Robbinsdale Armstrong High School, Mike was studying abroad in England and Mark took on the task of finding additional band members. He recruited Dan Larsen, a bassist in their jazz band and invited another classmate, guitarist Joe Christenson to join the ensemble.
White Light Riot was formerly named ‘The Evening Glow’ but changed their name almost immediately.
Early Years.
In late 2005, White Light Riot released their first EP “The Dark Is Light Enough”, produced by Erik Appelwick (Tapes 'n Tapes) on October 30, 2005. In early 2010, "Bitter Beginning" and "Out of Sight" were featured in the Destineer Games title Triple Crown Snowboarding for Nintendo Wii.
Atomism.
In 2006, the band signed with 50 Records, a Minneapolis-based independent record label. “Atomism," the sole album they released on 50 Records, was recorded at Pachyderm Studio in Cannon Falls, MN; produced/co-engineered by Brent Sigmeth(Grant Hart, They Might Be Giants, Ramblin’ Jack Elliott), co-engineered by Paul Marino (The New Congress, Desdemona) and mastered by Bob Ludwig. It was released nationally on August 21, 2007 by RED Distribution. The CD release party was held on June 23, 2007 at the Fine Line Music Café in Minneapolis, MN.
In 2009 lead singer Mike Schwandt posted on the band's Myspace and Facebook Pages that they ended their contract with 50 Records. Schwandt explains we "finally broke free from their grasp.". Around this time, guitarist Joe Christenson left the group and was replaced by Zack Carroll, who previously played with This World Fair and Catchpenny.
In January 2010, the song "Forever in the West" was featured on the season finale of the VH1 program Secrets of Aspen.
Self-Titled LP.
After parting ways with their record label, the band spent 2010 recording their self-titled follow-up album with Paul Marino at Urness Hall at St. Olaf College, Fuzzy Slippers Studio, and The Terrarium. The album will be released on May 2, 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19926197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19926197" title="Ravi Patel (actor)">
Ravi Patel (actor)

Ravi Patel (born December 18, 1978) is an American actor.
Patel was born in Freeport, Illinois of East Indian ancestry. He graduated from the school of The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 2001. Since the fall of 2008, Patel has appeared in a role as George Patil on The CW's "Easy Money". In 2010, Patel starred in Past Life on Fox and is set to star in his own Fox sitcom pilot opposite Rachael Leigh Cook.

</doc>
<doc id="19926212" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19926212" title="Valencia Orchestra">
Valencia Orchestra

The Valencia Orchestra (, ) is a symphony orchestra in Valencia, Spain. Founded in 1943 as the Valencia Municipal Orchestra, and a member of the Spanish Association of Symphony Orchestras (AEOS), it is "not to be confused with" the Orquesta de la Comunidad Valenciana, founded in 2006. The Valencia Orchestra, which first performed abroad in 1950 under José Iturbi, has toured internationally more regularly in the last 20 years. It performs mainly at the city's Palau de la Música de València, which is "not to be confused with" the nearby Palau de les Arts Reina Sofía. 

</doc>
<doc id="19926215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19926215" title="Powerlifting at the Summer Paralympics">
Powerlifting at the Summer Paralympics

Paralympic powerlifting has been competed at every Summer Paralympics since 1984. Weightlifting had been on the Paralympic program since 1964, however after the 1992 Games the IPC decided to drop weightlifting and hold powerlifting events only. Women first competed in the sport at the 2000 Sydney Paralympics.
Paralympic records.
The International Paralympic Committee recognises the heaviest weights lifted in powerlifting events at the Paralympic Games. An asterisk after the result indicates that the lift is also a current IPC world record.

</doc>
<doc id="19926244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19926244" title="Chiomenti Studio Legale">
Chiomenti Studio Legale

Chiomenti Studio Legale is an Italian law firm founded in 1948 by Pasquale Chiomenti. It is widely considered one of the strongest Italian law firms, and one of the few with a clear international outlook. Chiomenti does not attempt to provide day-to-day advice to Italian companies outside of major cities of Milan and Rome; however, it seeks to counsel companies on big-ticket transactions. Today, the firm counts 280 attorneys and tax advisers working out of offices in Rome, Milan, Brussels, London, New York City, Hong Kong Beijing and Shanghai.
Chiomenti represented the Italian government in numerous privatizations in the 1980s and 1990s, including that of Enel. It has since built up a strong reputation for premier banking, project finance, mergers and acquisitions and capital markets advice.
Press reports indicated that Chiomenti engaged in merger discussions with a number of US and UK suitors, including Shearman & Sterling and Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer. In 2001, Chiomenti signed an exclusive referral agreement and alliance with Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom. The two then collaborated on a number of high-profile deals including representing Biosearch Italia in its acquisition by California-based biotech company Versicor for total considation of $260.7 million (£169.8 million). The two also advised Ansaldo, a railway-signalling manufacturer, on its €468 million (£327.8 million) IPO in 2006. The alliance was discontinued in 2008. That same year, Chiomenti merged with Birindelli & Associati, an Italian firm that operated offices in six Asian cities. It is unclear whether Chiomenti will continue to operate all of those offices.

</doc>
<doc id="19926252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19926252" title="Fenpiverinium">
Fenpiverinium

Fenpiverinium is an antimuscarinic. It is used in Spasmalgon. Spasmalgon is a Bulgarian drug which is combination between Pitofenone Hydrochloride, Fenpiverinium bromide and Metamisol sodium. Spasmalgon releases pain and spasms of smooth muscles.

</doc>
<doc id="19926258" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19926258" title="Prifinium bromide">
Prifinium bromide

Prifinium bromide is an antimuscarinic.

</doc>
<doc id="19926264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19926264" title="Tiemonium iodide">
Tiemonium iodide

Tiemonium iodide is an antimuscarinic. It is poorly absorbed from the gut. The active moiety is tiemonium, a quaternary ammonium cation.

</doc>
<doc id="19926273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19926273" title="Diphemanil metilsulfate">
Diphemanil metilsulfate

Diphemanil metilsulfate is an antimuscarinic.

</doc>
<doc id="19926286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19926286" title="Pipenzolate">
Pipenzolate

Pipenzolate is an antimuscarinic. It binds to muscarinic receptors as an antagonist therefore preventing acetyl choline from binding to the receptors. 

</doc>
<doc id="19926291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19926291" title="Total Experience Gospel Choir">
Total Experience Gospel Choir

The Total Experience Gospel Choir is a gospel music group based in Seattle, Washington, USA, founded in 1973 by Patrinell "Pat" Wright, who continues to lead the group as of 2009. They have sung in at least 38 states and 22 countries, have performed for United States president Bill Clinton, and made at least seven recordings of their own, as well as singing on the song "Save Me" on Dave Matthews's CD "Some Devil". They have appeared in television commercials ("to pay our bills") and on the public radio program "A Prairie Home Companion" as well as numerous other radio programs. 
Wright was born in Carthage, Texas. Her father was a Baptist preacher and her mother a schoolteacher. she sang her first solo at the age of 3, and by her 14th birthday, was directing two choirs in her father's church. She graduated as valedictorian from Turner High School in Carthage, Prairie View A&M University in Hempstead, Texas and moved in 1964 to Seattle. She has had an extensive musical career in her own right, and since 1997 has been pastor of the Oneness Christian Center in Seattle, which she co-founded.
Wright began the group in 1973 as a gospel music class at Seattle's public Franklin High School. Many lives have been touched, voices lifted in praise, children mentored and at times adopted, and decades passed. For a photo essay see the website www.totalexperiencegospelchoir.org Photo Gallery. [http://totalexperiencegospelchoir.org/photos.html]
More recently, Pastor Wright has earned the nickname "The Idol Breeder" and has become once again uniquely dinstinguished after three of her choir members became finalists on the television series American Idol. Among its former members are "American Idol" contestant Sanjaya Malakar in 2007, 2004 contestant Leah LaBelle Vladowski, and 2002 contestant Karma Johnson [http://www.americanidol.com/news/view/pid/1102]. 
Until 1992–93, the choir was composed primarily of youth. Since that time, the choir's character has evolved. It currently has members from 6 to 65 years of age. 
Since Hurricane Katrina hit the Gulf Coast Areas of Louisiana and Mississippi in August 2005, Pastor Wright has dedicated many hours for hurricane relief work. One of her own teenage choir members and her younger brother were caught up in the hurricane while in South Mississippi visiting family. Upon their safe return to Seattle, Pastor Wright and Total Experience Gospel Choir devoted themselves tirelessly to hurricane relief. They visited the areas in August 2006, April 2007, March 2008, and August 2008 helping to rebuild lives and property. While there, they were featured on local television a number of times rebuilding, dedicating and celebrating with hurricane survivors during the various mission trips.
For Pastor Wright's efforts, ABC News World News Tonight named her "Person of the Week" in May 2007 as well as one of the "Persons of the Year" on a broadcast aired December 27, 2007. See related links on the website [www.totalexperiencegospelchoir.org]. 
DirectTV on April 9, 2008 aired their special entitled "Hometown Heroes" where Pastor Wright and Total Experience Gospel Choir were honored for their work on the Gulf Coast of MS as well. 
SCAN TV honored Pastor Wright in February 2008 on local television in their Black History programming where she, along with other local community members, were lauded for their contributions to Black History in the Pacific Northwest. 
In October 2007, Pastor Wright and members of Total Experience Gospel Choir traveled to Busan, South Korea where they competed in the Busan International Choral Festival and Competition. The choir placed "second" and won the Silver Medal in "Ethnic" and "Pop" categories. There were 36 choirs from 11 countries in the competition. 
In 2008, Pastor Wright and Total Experience Gospel Choir participated in the creation of the first of its kind "campaign CD" in an effort to help elect President Barack Obama. The CD "Seven Songs for America and One For The World" was produced by The Bergevin Brothers. All profits from "Seven Songs For America..." go to support Pastor Wright's "Seattle Artists" foundation to rebuild the lives and homes of Katrina victims in Mississippi and Louisiana. For more information about the campaign CD see www.bergevinbrothersmusic.com. [http://my.barackobama.com/page/community/post/bergevinbrothers/gGxqzS

</doc>
<doc id="19926294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19926294" title="Bevonium">
Bevonium

Bevonium is an antimuscarinic.

</doc>
<doc id="19926296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19926296" title="The Crystal Method discography">
The Crystal Method discography

This is a discography of the Los Angeles based electronic band The Crystal Method. The Crystal Method have released 4 studio albums, 4 extended plays, 3 mix albums, 1 soundtrack album, 30 singles, and 9 music videos. The album "Vegas" has sold more than one million copies in the United States, certifying it platinum. It is one of the best selling electronic albums in the United States, and it puts The Crystal Method in the top five best selling electronic bands in the United States. The Crystal Method's other three studio albums, "Tweekend", "Legion of Boom", and "Divided by Night" have charted high on the Billboard 200, especially for electronic albums, all making it to the thirties and charting especially high on the "Top Electronic Albums" category.

</doc>
<doc id="19926301" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19926301" title="Basilia (genus)">
Basilia (genus)

Basilia is a genus of bat fly in the Nycteribiidae family. 
Species within this genus are:

</doc>
<doc id="19926304" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19926304" title="Mepenzolate">
Mepenzolate

Mepenzolate is an antimuscarinic.

</doc>
