<doc id="19996678" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996678" title="Yoruba people">
Yoruba people

The Yoruba people ("") are an ethnic group of southwestern Nigeria and southern Benin in West Africa. The Yoruba constitute over 35 million people in total, the majority of this population is from Nigeria and make up 21% of its population, according to the "CIA World Factbook", making them one of the largest ethnic groups in Africa. The majority of the Yoruba speak the Yoruba language which is a tonal Niger-Congo language.
The Yoruba share borders with the Borgu in Benin; the Nupe and Ebira in central Nigeria; and the Edo, the Ẹsan, and the Afemai in mid-western Nigeria. The Igala and other related groups are found in the northeast, and the Egun, Fon, and others in the southeast Benin. The Itsekiri who live in the north-west Niger delta are related to the Yoruba but maintain a distinct cultural identity. Significant Yoruba population in West Africa can be found in Togo, Sierra Leone (where they have blended in with the Saro and Sierra Leone Creole people).
The Yoruba diaspora consists of two main groupings, one of them includes relatively recent migrants, the majority of which moved to the United States and the United Kingdom after major economic changes in the 1970s; the other is a much older population dating back to the Atlantic slave trade. This older community has branches in such countries as Cuba, Brazil, and Trinidad and Tobago.
Name.
As an ethnic description, the word 'Yoruba' was first recorded in reference to the Oyo Empire in a treatise written by the 16th-century Songhai scholar Ahmed Baba. It was popularized by Hausa usage and ethnography written in Arabic and Ajami during the 19th century, in origin referring to the Oyo exclusively.
The extension of the term to all speakers of dialects related to the language of the Oyo (in modern terminology North-West Yoruba) dates to the second half of the 19th century. It is due to the influence of Samuel Ajayi Crowther, the first Anglican bishop in Nigeria. Crowther was himself a Yoruba and compiled the first Yoruba dictionary as well as introducing a standard for Yoruba orthography.
The alternative name "Akú", apparently an exonym derived from the first words of Yoruba greetings (such as "Ẹ kú àárọ?" "good morning", "Ẹ kú alẹ?" "good evening") has survived in certain parts of their diaspora as a self-descriptive.
Language.
The Yoruba culture was originally an oral tradition, and the majority of Yoruba people are native speakers of the Yoruba language. The number of speakers is roughly estimated at about 30 million in 2010.
Yoruba is classified within the Edekiri languages, which together with the isolate Igala, form the Yoruboid group of languages within the Volta-Niger branch of the Niger-Congo family. Igala and Yoruba have important historical and cultural relationships. The languages of the two ethnic groups bear such a close resemblance that researchers such as Forde (1951) and Westermann and Bryan (1952) regarded Igala as a dialect of Yoruba.
The Yoruboid languages are assumed to have developed out of an undifferentiated Volta-Niger group by the 1st millennium BC.
There are three major dialect areas: Northwest, Central, and Southeast.
As the North-West Yoruba dialects show more linguistic innovation, combined with the fact that Southeast and Central Yoruba areas generally have older settlements, suggests a later date of immigration for Northwest Yoruba.
The area where North-West Yoruba (NWY) is spoken corresponds to the historical Oyo Empire.
South-East Yoruba (SEY) was probably associated with the expansion of the Benin Empire after c. 1450.
Central Yoruba forms a transitional area in that the lexicon has much in common with NWY, whereas it shares many ethnographical features with SEY.
Literary Yoruba, the standard variety learnt at school and spoken by newsreaders on the radio, has its origin in the Yoruba grammar compiled in the 1850s by Bishop Samuel Ajayi Crowther. Though for a large part based on the Oyo and Ibadan dialects, it incorporates several features from other dialects.
History.
The African peoples who lived in Yorubaland, at least by the seventh century B.C.E, were not initially known as the Yoruba, although they shared a common ethnicity and language group.
The historical Yoruba develop "in situ", out of earlier Mesolithic Volta-Niger populations, by the 1st millennium B.C.E.
Oral history recorded under the Oyo Empire derives the Yoruba as an ethnic group from the population of the older kingdom of Ile-Ife.
Archaeologically, the settlement at Ife can be dated to the 4th century B.C.E, with urban structures appearing in the 12th century (the urban phase of Ife before the rise of Oyo, ca. 1100–1600, is commonly described as a "golden age" of Ife. The oba or ruler of Ife is referred to as the Ooni of Ife.
Oyo and Ile-Ife
The settlement at Ife appears to have entered this "golden age" with the appearance of urban structures by the 12th century.
This seems to be the formative period of the Yoruba people as reflected in oral tradition and due to it, Ife continues to be seen as the "spiritual homeland" of the Yoruba. The city was surpassed by the Oyo Empire as the dominant Yoruba military and political power in the 17th century.
The Oyo Empire under its oba, known as the Alaafin of Oyo, was active in the African slave trade during the 18th century. The Yoruba often demanded slaves as a form of tribute of subject populations, who in turn sometimes made war on other peoples to capture the required slaves. Part of the slaves sold by the Oyo Empire entered the Atlantic slave trade.
Most of the city states were controlled by Obas (or royal sovereigns with various individual titles) and councils made up of Oloyes, recognised leaders of royal, noble and, often, even common descent, who joined them in ruling over the kingdoms through a series of guilds and cults. Different states saw differing ratios of power between the kingships and the chiefs' councils. Some, such as Oyo, had powerful, autocratic monarchs with almost total control, while in others such as the Ijebu city-states, the senatorial councils held more influence and the power of the ruler or "Ọba", referred to as the Awujale of Ijebuland, was more limited.
Yoruba settlements are often described as primarily one or more of the main social groupings called "generations":
Pre-colonial government of Yoruba society.
Government.
Monarchies were a common form of government in Yorubaland, but they were not the only approach to government and social organization. The numerous Ijebu city-states to the west of Oyo and the Ẹgba communities, found in the forests below Ọyọ's savanna region, were notable exceptions. These independent polities often elected an "Ọba", though real political, legislative, and judicial powers resided with the "Ogboni", a council of notable elders. The notion of the divine king was so important to the Yoruba, however, that it has been part of their organization in its various forms from their antiquity to the contemporary era.
During the internecine wars of the 19th century, the Ijebu forced citizens of more than 150 Ẹgba and Owu communities to migrate to the fortified city of Abeokuta. Each quarter retained its own "Ogboni" council of civilian leaders, along with an "Olorogun", or council of military leaders, and in some cases its own elected "Obas" or "Baales". These independent councils elected their most capable members to join a federal civilian and military council that represented the city as a whole. Commander Frederick Forbes, a representative of the British Crown writing an account of his visit to the city in the "Church Military Intelligencer" (1853), described Abẹokuta as having "four presidents", and the system of government as having "840 principal rulers or 'House of Lords,' 2800 secondary chiefs or 'House of Commons,' 140 principal military ones and 280 secondary ones." He described Abẹokuta and its system of government as "the most extraordinary republic in the world."
Leadership.
Gerontocratic leadership councils that guarded against the monopolization of power by a monarch were a trait of the Ẹgba, according to the eminent Ọyọ historian Reverend Samuel Johnson. Such councils were also well-developed among the northern Okun groups, the eastern Ekiti, and other groups falling under the Yoruba ethnic umbrella. In Ọyọ, the most centralized of the precolonial kingdoms, the "Alaafin" consulted on all political decisions with the prime elector or president of the House of Lords (the "Basọrun") and the rest of the council of leading nobles known as the "Ọyọ Mesi".
Traditionally kingship and chieftainship were not determined by simple primogeniture, as in most monarchic systems of government. An electoral college of lineage heads was and still is usually charged with selecting a member of one of the royal families from any given realm, and the selection is then confirmed by an Ifá oracular request. The Ọbas live in palaces that are usually in the center of the town. Opposite the king's palace is the "Ọja Ọba", or the king's market. These markets form an inherent part of Yoruba life. Traditionally their traders are well organized, have various guilds, officers, and an elected speaker. They also often have at least one "Iyaloja", or Lady of the Market, who is expected to represent their interests in the aristocratic council of oloyes at the palace.
Groups, organizations and leagues in Yorubaland.
Occupational guilds, social clubs, secret or initiatory societies, and religious units, commonly known as Ẹgbẹ in Yoruba, included the "Parakoyi" (or league of traders) and "Ẹgbẹ Ọdẹ" (hunter's guild), and maintained an important role in commerce, social control, and vocational education in Yoruba polities.There are also examples of other peer organizations in the region. When the Ẹgba resisted the imperial domination of the Ọyọ Empire, a figure named Lisabi is credited with either creating or reviving a covert traditional organization named "Ẹgbẹ Aro". This group, originally a farmers' union, was converted to a network of secret militias throughout the Ẹgba forests, and each lodge plotted and successfully managed to overthrow Ọyọ's "Ajeles" (appointed administrators) in the late 18th century.
Similarly, covert military resistance leagues like the "Ekiti Parapọ" and the "Ogidi" alliance were organized during the 19th century wars by often-decentralized communities of the Ekiti, Ijẹsa, Ìgbómìnà and Okun Yoruba in order to resist various imperial expansionist plans of Ibadan, Nupe, and the Sokoto Caliphate.
Society and culture.
In the city-states and many of their neighbors, a reserved way of life remains, with the school of thought of their people serving as a major influence in West Africa and elsewhere.
Today, most contemporary Yoruba are Christians and Muslims. Be that as it may, many of the principles of the traditional faith of their ancestors are either knowingly or unknowingly upheld by a significant proportion of the populations of Nigeria, Benin and Togo.
Traditional religion and mythology.
The Yoruba faith, variously known as Aborisha, Orisha-Ifa or simply (and erroneously) Ifa, is commonly seen as one of the principal components of the African traditional religions.
Orisa'nla, also known as Ọbatala, was the arch-divinity chosen by Olodumare, the Supreme God, to create solid land out of the primordial water that then constituted the earth and populating the land with human beings. Ọbatala descended from heaven on a chain, carrying a small snail shell full of earth, palm kernels and a five-toed chicken. He was to empty the content of the snail shell on the water after placing some pieces of iron on it, and then to place the chicken on the earth to spread it over the primordial water.
Traditional Yoruba religion.
The Yorùbá religion comprises the traditional religious and spiritual concepts and practices of the Yoruba people. Its homeland is in Southwestern Nigeria and the adjoining parts of Benin and Togo, a region that has come to be known as Yorubaland. Yorùbá religion is formed of diverse traditions and has no single founder. Yoruba religious beliefs are part of itan, the total complex of songs, histories, stories and other cultural concepts which make up the Yorùbá society.
One of the most common Yoruba traditional religious concepts has been the concept of Orisha. An Orisha (also spelled Orisa or Orixa) is a spirit or deity that reflects one of the manifestations of God in the Yoruba spiritual or religious system. This religion has found its way throughout the world and is now expressed in practices as varied as Candomblé, Lucumí/Santería, Shango in Trinidad (Trinidad Orisha), Anago and Oyotunji, as well as in some aspects of Umbanda, Winti, Obeah, Vodun and a host of others. These varieties, or spiritual lineages as they are called, are practiced throughout areas of Nigeria, the Republic of Benin, Togo, Brazil, Cuba, Guyana, Haiti, Jamaica, Puerto Rico, Suriname, Trinidad and Tobago, the United States, Uruguay, Argentina and Venezuela, among others. As interest in African indigenous religions grows, Orisha communities and lineages can be found in parts of Europe and Asia as well. While estimates may vary, some scholars believe that there could be more than 100 million adherents of this spiritual tradition worldwide.
Mythology.
Oral history of the Oyo-Yoruba recounts Odùduwà to be the Progenitor of the Yoruba and the reigning ancestor of their crowned kings.
His coming from the east, sometimes understood by some sources as the "vicinity" true East on the Cardinal points, but more likely signifying the region of Ekiti and Okun sub-communities in northeastern Yorubaland/central Nigeria. Ekiti is near the confluence of the Niger and Benue rivers, and is where the Yoruba language is presumed to have separated from related ethno-linguistic groups like Igala, Igbo, and Edo.
After the death of Oduduwa, there was a dispersal of his children from Ife to found other kingdoms. Each child made his or her mark in the subsequent urbanization and consolidation of the Yoruba confederacy of kingdoms, with each kingdom tracing its origin due to them to Ile-Ife.
After the dispersal, the aborigines became difficult, and constituted a serious threat to the survival of Ife. Thought to be survivors of the old occupants of the land before the arrival of Oduduwa, these people now turned themselves into marauders. They would come to town in costumes made of raffia with terrible and fearsome appearances, and burn down houses and loot the markets. Then came Moremi on the scene; she was said to have played a significant role in the quelling of the marauders advancements. But this was at a great price; having to give up her only son Oluorogbo. The reward for her patriotism and selflessness was not to be reaped in one life time as she later passed on and was thereafter immortalized. The Edi festival celebrates this feat amongst her Yoruba descendants.
Philosophy.
Yoruba culture consists of folk/cultural philosophy, religion and folktales. They are embodied in Ifa-Ife Divination, known as the tripartite Book of Enlightenment in Yorubaland and in its diaspora.
Yoruba cultural thought is a witness of two epochs. The first epoch is a history of cosmogony and cosmology. This is also an epoch-making history in the oral culture during which time Oduduwa was the head, the Bringer of Light, and a prominent diviner. He pondered the visible and invisible worlds, reminiscing about cosmogony, cosmology, and the mythological creatures in the visible and invisible worlds. The second epoch is the epoch of metaphysical discourse. This commenced in the 19th century in terms of the academic prowess of Bishop Dr. Ajayi Crowther.
Although religion is often first in Yoruba culture, nonetheless, it is the thought of man that actually leads spiritual consciousness (ori) to the creation and the practice of religion. Thus, it is believed that thought is an antecedent to religion.
Today, the academic and the nonacademic community are becoming more and more interested in Yoruba culture. Thus, more and more research is being carried out on Yoruba cultural thought, as more and more books are being written on the subject.
Music.
The music of the Yoruba people is perhaps best known for an extremely advanced drumming tradition, especially using the dundun hourglass tension drums. Yoruba folk music became perhaps the most prominent kind of West African music in Afro-Latin and Caribbean musical styles. Yorùbá music left an especially important influence on the music used in Lukumi practice and the music of Cuba
Ensembles using the dundun play a type of music that is also called "dundun". The "gangan", Sekere, Ashiko, Gudugudu, Agidigbo and Bembé are other drums of importance. The leader of a dundun ensemble is the "oniyalu", who uses the drum to "talk" by imitating the tonality of the Yoruba. Much of Yoruba music is spiritual in nature, and this form is often devoted to the Orisas.
Yorùbá music is regarded as one of the more important components of the modern Nigerian popular music scene. Although traditional Yoruba music was not influenced by foreign music, the same cannot be said of modern day Yoruba music which has evolved and adapted itself through contact with foreign instruments, talent and creativity.
Christianity and Islam.
The Yoruba are traditionally a very religious people and can be found in many types of Christian denominations. There are also a large number of them engaged in Islam and the traditional Yoruba religion. Yoruba religious practices such as the Eyo and Osun Oshogbo festivals are witnessing a resurgence in popularity in contemporary Yorubaland. They are largely seen by the adherents of the modern faiths, especially the Christians and Muslims, as cultural rather than religious events. They participate in them as a means to celebrate their people's history, and boost tourist industries in their local economies. There are a number of Yoruba Pastors and Church founders with large congregations, e.g. Pastor Enoch Adeboye of the Redeemed Christian Church of God, Pastor David Oyedepo of Living Faith Church World Wide also known as Winners Chapel, Pastor Tunde Bakare of Latter rain Assembly, Prophet T. B. Joshua of Synagogue of All Nations, William Folorunso Kumuyi of Deeper Christian Life Ministry.
Twins in Yoruba society.
The Yoruba present the highest dizygotic twinning rate in the world (4.4% of all maternities). They manifest at 45–50 twin sets (or 90–100 twins) per 1,000 live births, possibly because of high consumption of a specific type of yam containing a natural phytoestrogen which may stimulate the ovaries to release an egg from each side. Twins are very important for the Yoruba and they usually tend to give special names to each twin. The first of the twins to be born is traditionally named "Taiyewo" or "Tayewo", which means 'the first to taste the world', or the 'slave to the second twin', this is often shortened to "Taiwo", "Taiye" or "Taye". "Kehinde", or "Kenny" for short, is the name of the last born twin. Kehinde is sometimes also referred to as "Kehindegbegbon" which is short for Omokehindegbegbon and means, 'the child that came last gets the rights of the eldest'.
Calendar.
Time is measured in ìṣẹ́jú (minutes), wákàtí (hours), ọjọ́ (days), ọ̀sẹ̀ (weeks), oṣù (months) and ọdún (years). There are 60 ìṣẹ́jú in 1 wákàtí ; 24 wákàtí in 1 ọjọ́; 7 ọjọ́ in 1 ọ̀sẹ̀; 4 ọ̀sẹ̀ in 1 oṣù and 52 ọ̀sẹ̀ in 1 ọdún. There are 12 oṣù in 1 ọdún.
The Yoruba calendar (Kojoda) year starts from 3 June to 2 June of the following year. According to this calendar, the Gregorian year 2008 A. D. is the 10050th year of Yoruba culture. To reconcile with the Gregorian calendar, Yoruba people also often measure time in seven days a week and four weeks a month:
Demographics.
Benin.
The Yoruba are the main group in the Benin department of Ouémé, all Subprefectures; Collines Province, all subprefectures; Plateau Province, all Subprefectures; Borgou Province, Tchaourou Subprefecture; Zou Province, Ouihni and Zogbodome Subprefecture; Donga Province, Bassila Subprefecture and Alibori, Kandi Subprefecture.
Nigeria.
The Yoruba are the main ethnic group in the Nigerian federal states of Ekiti, Lagos, Ogun, Ondo, Osun, Kwara and Oyo; they also constitute a sizable proportion of Kogi and Edo
Togo.
There are immigrant Yoruba settlers from Nigeria who live in Togo. Tottenham Hotspur player, Emmanuel Adebayor, is an example. They can be found in the Togo department of Plateau Region, Ogou and Est-Mono prefectures; Centrale Region and Tchamba Prefecture.
The chief Yoruba cities/towns are Ilesa, Ibadan,Ilorin,Oyo-Igboho, Fiditi, Orile Igbon, Eko (Lagos), Oto-Awori, Ejigbo, Ijẹbu Ode, Abẹokuta, Akurẹ, Ilọrin, Ijẹbu-Igbo, Ijebu-Oru, Ijebu-Awa, Ijebu-ife, Odogbolu, Ogbomọṣọ, Ondo, Ọta, Ado-Ekiti, Ikare, Ayere, Kabba, Omuo, Omu-Aran, Egbe, Isanlu, Mopa, Aiyetoro - Gbedde, Sagamu, Iperu, Ikẹnnẹ, Ogere, Ilisan, Osogbo, Offa, Iwo, Ilesa, Ilaje, Esa-Oke, Ọyọ, Ilé-Ifẹ, Iree, Owo, Ede, Badagry, (Owu, Oyo), (Owu, Egba) (ife-olukotun), Ilaro, Oko, Esie, Ago-Iwoye, Iragbiji, Aagba, Ororuwo, Aada, Akungba and Akoko.
Cuisine.
Yams are one of the staple foods of the Yoruba. Plantain, corn, beans, meat , and fish are also chief choices.
Some common Yoruba foods are iyan (pounded yam), Amala, eba, semo, fufu, Moin moin (bean cake) and akara. Soups include egusi, ewedu, okra, vegetables are also very common as part of diet. Items like rice and beans (locally called ewa) are part of the regular diet. Some dishes are also prepared for festivities and ceremonies such as Jollof rice and Fried rice. Other popular dishes are Ekuru, stews, corn, cassava and flours – e.g. maize, yam, plantain and bean, eggs, chicken, beef and assorted forms of meat (pumo is made from cow skin). Some less well known meals and many miscellaneous staples are arrowroot gruel, sweetmeats, fritters and coconut concoctions; and some breads – yeast bread, rock buns, and palm wine bread to name a few.
Attire.
Yoruba people are well known for their attire. Clothing materials traditionally come from processed cotton by traditional weavers.
The Yoruba have a very wide range of clothing, the most basic being the Aṣo-Oke, which comes in very many different colors and patterns.
Some now common styles are:
Other clothing materials include:
Yoruba clothing is gender sensitive. Men wear Kẹmbẹ, Dandogo, Danṣiki, Agbada, Buba, Ṣokoto and matching caps such as (Eleti-Aja), dog-shaped cap, fila-ẹtu e.t.c.
Women wear Iro (wrapper) and Buba (the top) with a matching head-gear (gele). For important outings, a Yoruba woman will add a Shawl (Ipele/Iborun) on the shoulder and can add different forms of accessories.
The Yoruba believe that development of a nation is akin to the development of a man or woman. Therefore, the personality of an individual has to be developed in order to fulfill his or her responsibilities. Clothing among the Yoruba people is a crucial factor upon which the personality of an individual is anchored. This belief is anchored in Yoruba proverbs. Different occasions also require different outfits among the Yoruba.
The Yoruba diaspora.
Yoruba people can be found all over the world especially in the United Kingdom, Canada, the United States, Brazil, South American and Caribbean. Significant Yoruba communities can be found all over Europe, South America, Asia and Australia. The migration of Yoruba people all over the world has led to a spread of the Yoruba culture across the globe. Yoruba people have historically been spread around the globe by the combined forces of the Atlantic slave trade and voluntary self migration. Their exact population outside Africa is unknown, but it is often speculated that many African Americans are of Yoruba descent.
The Yoruba left an important presence in Brazil, particularly in Bahia. According to a XIX century report, "the Yoruba are, still today, the most numerous and influential in this state of Bahia. The most numerous are those from Oyo, capital of the Yoruba kingdom".
Genetics.
Genetic studies have shown the Yoruba to cluster most closely with other West African Niger-Congo-speaking peoples, especially the Igbo.

</doc>
<doc id="19996695" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996695" title="Circus Mort">
Circus Mort

Circus Mort was a post-punk band from New York. Formed in 1979, the band included future Swans leader Michael Gira on vocals, guitarist Rick Oller, bassist Dan Braun, Josh Braun on keyboards and Angelo Pudignano on drums. Jonathan Kane, also of Swans, would become the third drummer for the group. The group recorded only one album, a self-titled effort on Labor Records, before disbanding in 1981.
History.
The first members of Circus Mort included Don Christensen on bass guitar. Before adopting the name Circus Mort the band was called Metal Envelope. Twin brothers Josh and Dan Braun joined in September 1979 on the recommendation of Christensen, followed by Pudignano who answered an advertisement in the "Village Voice". The band recorded two songs at Sorcerer Sound Studios in late 1979, "Require Require" and "Working for Pleasure", which led to the interest of promoter Jim Fouratt. He hired the band to play at the rock disco Hurrah in February 1980, opening for Snatch. 
Pudignano left the band, and was replaced by Mike Pedulla. The band gigged around New York throughout 1980 playing at various clubs. In late 1980, Pedulla announced that he was leaving the band, and Jonathan Kane took his place. Shortly after, the band landed a recording contract with the newly formed Labor Records. The band recorded demos of two songs, "Children Remember" and "Yellow Light" at Sorcerer Sound to prepare for a forthcoming EP. Producer Peter Ivers oversaw the recording of further tracks at Minot Sound in White Plains, New York.
Their first concert after the recording was with Bauhaus in early 1981. The band's final performance was in Boston, with The Neats, before disbanding thereafter.
Gira with Kane later went on to form Swans. Dan Braun also joined Swans for a short period, and recorded live with them at CBGB, which was released as "Body to Body, Job to Job". Kane went on to play with Rhys Chatham and La Monte Young. Gira later formed The Angels of Light, and was the founder of Young God Records.

</doc>
<doc id="19996744" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996744" title="Port Kembla Blacks">
Port Kembla Blacks

The Port Kembla Blacks (or Port Kembla Rugby League Football Club) are a Rugby League team from Port Kembla, New South Wales, Australia that competed in the Illawarra Rugby League competition before moving to the South Coast Group Seven competition in 2013.
History.
The Port Kembla District Rugby League Football Club first entered the local rugby league competition in 1914, fielding a Third Grade team. The club wore an all-dark green jersey, playing on a home ground which was a section of the old golf links (the original Port Kembla Golf Club), located near Hill 60. The club played only one year before the First World War interrupted the competition.
In 1919, at the completion of World War I, the PKDRLFC resumed playing in the local 3rd Grade competition, this time playing in all-black jerseys (and becoming known as “The Blacks”). The Club entered 3rd Grade in 1919, Reserve Grade in 1920, and then First Grade in 1921. The club didn't have to wait long to win their maiden First Grade title and start a history of strong and respected local rugby league teams. 1922, the year of this first victory, also became the first of three consecutive First Grade titles for “The Blacks”.
The Club won five First Grade titles before adding a single white vee to their playing strip. The first top grade premiership in this jersey was won in 1934. It was not until the mid-1950s that the second white vee was added to the jersey to form the now famous Port Kembla “traditional” jersey. A few alternate strips were trialled in later years including a predominantly white jersey with horizontal black stripes in the mid-1980s, and the more modern sublimated strip from 1994. In 1999, the Club reverted to a more traditional playing strip, while still using the sublimated print jersey. The essence of the black jersey with two white vees was clearly evident, and still is today.
1946 saw the Port Kembla District RLFC win the Clayton Cup, presented to the Country Rugby League First Grade club with the best season record. The First Grade team in 1946 went through the season undefeated – a feat also achieved in 1928 and 1941. No other Illawarra rugby league club has achieved this feat since. The PKDRLFC enjoyed all three grades winning their respective premierships on three occasions – 1937, 1938 and 1958. 
Port Kembla also holds the record for the most first grade titles won in all Australian rugby league competitions, including the NRL – 23 in total.
The Port Kembla Rugby League Football Club are credited with establishing the Port Kembla Leagues Club in the early 1950's, the Club's Major sponsor for most of its existence.
Notable Players.
Port Kembla has produced five Australian representatives in Noel Mulligan, Frank Johnston, Charlie Hazleton, Ian Moir and John Simon. Another Three Port Kembla players have reached state representative honours – Terry Beckett Terry Johnston and Chris Walsh - while Chris Walsh and John Cross have also captained the Illawarra Steelers.
A host of Port Kembla coaches have also made State and Australian teams including Ron Costello, Graeme Langlands and Brian Hetherington.
Modern era.
The Black's last senior premiership was achieved in 2010 when the team coached by Jason Sullivan and captained by Jon Koot defeated Moutn Kembla in the VBR Cup Grand Final 22-10. The last First Grade Grand Final appearance was in 1980 when Port were defeated by Western Suburbs in a dour and windy tryless Grand Final to the score of 6-2.
Port Kembla won their most recent Under 18 titles in 2004 and again in 2006. The club also won their 13th Club Championship Trophy in 2004.
In 2007, Keith Lulia became the first Port Kembla junor since John Simon to progress to the NRL, debuting with the St George Illawarra Dragons in a 22-20 win over newcomers, the Gold Coast Titans. 2007 Under 18's centre, Kane Linnett, joined the Dragons top squad in 2008 before playing a leading role in helping the Sydney Roosters to the 2010 Grand Final. Linnett is currently contracted to the North Queensland Cowboys.
In 2008 Port Kembla had to pull out of first and reserve grade due to financial constraints and player availability. The club instead participated in the VB Cup competition (third grade), winning the minor premiership, before backing it up in 2010, taking it all the way to win the VBR Cup premiership.
The Club re-entered First Grade in 2013, moving to the South Coast Group 7 competition.

</doc>
<doc id="19996795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996795" title="Karapoti Gorge">
Karapoti Gorge

Karapoti Gorge is one of the entrances into the Akatarawa Forest, a regional park in the Wellington Region in New Zealand. The Akatarawa River West runs through this narrow, mostly bush-clad gorge towards the Akatarawa Valley. A narrow road winds its way along the steep slopes, providing access for trail biking, mountain biking and walking. Karapoti Gorge is also the starting leg of the annual Karapoti Classic mountain bike event, which runs on the network of tracks in the Akatarawa Forest.

</doc>
<doc id="19996811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996811" title="Matira Manisha">
Matira Manisha

Matira Manisha (Man of the Soil) () is a 1966 Oriya film, from India, directed by Mrinal Sen.
Based on the novel by Kalindi Charan Panigrahi of the same name, the film contrasts traditional and modern values as exemplified by the different attitudes of two brothers towards their inherited family land. The plot explores human relationships using a wide range of themes, including Gandhian and Marxist ideologies, postwar social conditions, agrarian culture, rustic life, and traditional family values.
Synopsis.
The plot revolves round the family of Shama Pradhan, a rural farmer, and his two sons, Baraju (played by Sarat Pujari) and Chakadi (played by Prashanta Nanda), and disagreements over the family home and land after his death.
On his death, Shama Pradhan entrusts his elder son Baraju with the responsibility of looking after his younger son Chakadi, and entreats him to keep the family land and home together, and not split it between the two brothers. Baraju is a peace-loving person who commands respect from the villagers for his idealistic way of life, and Baraju's wife Harabou (played by Bhanumati Devi) is portrayed as an ideal housewife, who is very caring and affectionate towards Chakadi, his wife Netramani (played by Sujata Anand) and their two children.
Chakadi, in contrast, is shown as carefree and irresponsible, happy to loaf around the village. His wife, Netramani, who is envious of Harabou, insists that the property should be split between the two brothers. A local troublemaker, Hari Mishra (played by Dukhiram Swain), also tries to sow discord between the two brothers.
Swayed by the designs of his wife Netramani, and of troublemaker Hari Mishra, Chakadi asks his elder brother to divide the property between them. Baraju is shocked, and is torn between his respect for his father's wishes and his affection for his brother. His solution is to hand over the land and the house to Chakadi, satisfying Chakadi's desire, while respecting his promise to his father not to partition the property. Baraju leaves the house with his wife Harabou and their two children, without regret or rancour.
After Baraju's departure, Chakadi feels miserable, is nostalgic about the old times, and wants his brother and family back. He goes to Baraju and begs him to return home. But Baraju, who is committed to the spirit of sacrifice, non-attachment, and love, advises Chakadi to go back home and take care of all that he has left behind.

</doc>
<doc id="19996823" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996823" title="Naval Weapons Industrial Reserve Plant">
Naval Weapons Industrial Reserve Plant

Naval Weapons Industrial Reserve Plant can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19996851" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996851" title="Don't Hold Back (The Potbelleez song)">
Don't Hold Back (The Potbelleez song)

"Don't Hold Back" is the first single by The Potbelleez from the self-titled debut album "The Potbelleez". The single is their most successful to date and received heavy airplay across Australia and was critically acclaimed. It has gone on to sell over 140,000 copies in Australia alone and won Most Played Dance Work of year at 2009 APRA Awards.
Charts.
Don't Hold Back peaked in the Australian ARIA singles chart at number 5. It spent a total of 36 weeks inside the Australian top 50 chart, and 19 in New Zealand

</doc>
<doc id="19996863" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996863" title="Sponge Cola (album)">
Sponge Cola (album)

Sponge Cola is the self-titled third studio album by the Pinoy rock band Sponge Cola. Under Universal Records, Sponge Cola is already out in all major record bars.
"Puso" is the first single from the album and is frequently heard after games during the UAAP Broadcast on Studio 23 as it was selected as the theme song for season 71. Their 2nd single "Di Na Mababawi", marked the band's departure from the standard full band rock formula, opting for simpler instrumentation. They then released the repackaged version of this album along with the 3rd single Ayt. The new version of the song featured Gary Valenciano on vocals and synths. This is essentially the band's first dance song. Sponge Cola then released their 4th single Wala Kang Katulad and then released their 5th single Makapiling Ka.

</doc>
<doc id="19996866" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996866" title="West Bandung Regency">
West Bandung Regency

West Bandung Regency ("Kabupaten Bandung Barat") West Bandung was established in 2007, formerly it was part of Bandung Regency region of West Java. The capital of this regency is Ngamprah, an industrial district on the west side of Bandung. It is part of the Bandung Metropolitan Area.
According to the 'Results of the Social Survey of the District' ('Hasil Survei Sosial Ekonomi Daerah') in 2007, the population was 1,493,225.
History.
The idea of dividing Bandung Regency into two separate regencies originated in 1999, based on a proposal from the current regent (H.U. Hatta Djati Permana) for the parliament to consider and approve the idea of splitting off the western part of the existing Bandung Regency. 
Before the split-off was successfully completed, Cimahi (an area consisting of three districts, which used to be part of Bandung Regency) had been promoted to became autonomous city. After Cimahi become an autonomous administration, the request to split off the western portion of Bandung Regency as a separate regency grew.
Finally in 2007, the government of Indonesia approved the proposal to separate the western part of Bandung Regency to became an autonomous regency, the Western Bandung Regency.
On its birth, this newest regency in West Java were headed by an acting regent H. Tjatja Kuswara (an officer from West Java provincial government) until April 2008, when the first direct election of West Bandung Regency Regent was held, with H. Abubakar and H. Agus Yasmin as the contestants; H. Abubakar with his running mate Ernawan Natasaputra won the election and became the Regent and Vice-Regent of West Bandung Regency.
Administration.
West Bandung Regency current regent is Drs. H. Abubakar, M.Si.
Lists of sub-districts (Kecamatan) on West Bandung Regency:
Tourism.
International/Local tourist location is:
Local tourist locations are:
Bandung Regency Administration will build information center at their leading sites, Maribaya, Situ Ciburuy and Pawon Cave.
Al Irsyad Mosque.
A unique Al Irsyad Mosque got the fifth place of Building Of The Year 2010 is located in Kota Baru Parahyangan with capacity of 1,500 people. The mosque is box shape likes Ka'bah with grey color, but has many holes on its walls for ventilation and makes 2 sentences of shahada.
Industry.
Several industries are located in this area :
Transport.
West Bandung Regency position is between Jakarta and Bandung city. It is the place where 2 main state road (Jakarta-Puncak/Sukabumi-Bandung) and (Jakarta-Purwakarta-Bandung) and 2 railroad route (Jakarta-Bandung) and (Cianjur-Bandung) were merged. It also has a connection to other cities using the Jakarta-Bandung intercity highway, with its Padalarang Toll Gate.
It also has a major train station, the Padalarang Train station, several economy-class intercity and domestic train were stop on this station.

</doc>
<doc id="19996898" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996898" title="Khalidi (surname)">
Khalidi (surname)

Khalidi is an Arabic surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="19996899" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996899" title="Rimutaka Forest Park">
Rimutaka Forest Park

Rimutaka Forest Park is a protected area near Wellington, New Zealand. It covers , encompassing the Catchpool Valley and the Orongorongo Valley at the southern end of the Rimutaka Range. Established in October 1988, the park contains several short walks and five huts that can be booked and accessed by longer bush tramps.
A population of North Island Brown Kiwi has been established in the northern part of the Rimutaka Forest Park, protected by a dog exclusion area.

</doc>
<doc id="19996926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996926" title="International rankings of Qatar">
International rankings of Qatar

The following are international rankings of Qatar.
Cities.
Doha

</doc>
<doc id="19996936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996936" title="Dash! Yonkuro">
Dash! Yonkuro

Media.
Manga.
Dash! Yonkuro was serialized in the monthly CoroCoro Comic from December 1987 until March 1992. The growing popularity of the comic strip resulted in an animated adaptation, financed by the Tamiya Corporation.
Zaurus Tokuda was a prolific writer of Mini 4WD comics, including: ""Kaze no racer! Otokogi (The Wind Racer! Otokogi)"", ""Dash 10"" and ""Mirai Boy Racer! V-twin (The Racer of the Future! V-twin)"".
Anime.
Auvek, Shogakukan Productions Co., Ltd., Staff 21, Tamiya Plastic Model Corporation, Tokyu Agency, Abukekku and Zaurus Tokuda collaborated to produce the animated series. Dash! replaced Mister Ajikko and aired on TV Tokyo from October 3, 1989 to March 27, 1990 with a season of 25 Episodes.
Dash! Yonkuro was also eventually distributed overseas in Italy, South Korea, the Arab World and the Philippines. The anime was broadcast in Italy and South Korea in the early nineties, and Malaysia in 1998.
Featured toy vehicles.
The contests in this work come carried out are on sterrati tracings, going behind blot some and controlling them through of the said maces "guide sticks", it is in of the tracks constructed purposely for the Mini 4WD.
Tamiya produced numerous new Mini 4WD from 1986 to 1989, some like for tradition, the models are uniquely designed, others instead were reproductions of radio control (R/C) cars, they therefore produced the first Mini 4WD independent from the use of remote controls: Dash-1 Emperor (model# 18012), Dash-2 Burning Sun (model# 18015), Rising Bird (model# 18017), Dash-3 Shooting Star (model# 18019), Dash-4 Cannonball (model# 18022) and Dash-5 Dancing Doll (model# 18023).
First chassis and tune-up parts.
Type-1 chassis, the first Mini 4WD chassis using rollers begins the production of tune-up parts and motors for the Racing Mini 4WD and the commercialization of particular tracks to race for these cars. They however produced two new chassis, Type-2 and Type-3.
Type-2 made its debut with the Avante Junior (18014), and was the new concept of Mini 4WD racing: center of gravity lower than Type-1, various ratios for faster gears (5:1 and 4.2:1), more aerodynamic and FRP (fiber reinforcment plate) installations.
Type-2 introduced removable shaft receivers for ball bearings and better roller angling that would have allowed one Mini 4WD to bounce in a less traumatic way on the walls of the tracks (or the shovels of the stick).
Type-3 made its debut with the Rising Bird, is an evolution of Type-1 and the most unique way of the motor being placed upside-down, big pinion gear and ribbed gear shaft easier gear change ( 6.4:1 and 5:1 instead of 4:1).
Models with Type-3 chassis are the models once produced in 1986 with the Type-1 and reproduced in 1988 with the new chassis.
Synopsis.
Mini-4WD Championship Compilations.
Five children, the Dash Warriors are manga how much the spirits ritraggono, than for before the time they compete in an official championship with of the Mini 4WD that Tamiya had not produced.
It is young, it comes, day of boy. Because from before the boy four running Ken the father source running of the racer participates in ultimate race, it went on a journey. The father entrusts the Mini 4WD one to the son who refuses the separation. Once upon a time, the son thing of the self believing the day when you understand. From the going on a journey of the father several years later, Yonkuro grew in the elementary school student. Mini 4WD which participate in the Mini 4WD rider which are held with local end are involved in a certain trouble, buy the anger of the boy, tank row which is the same race coming out runner. The Emperor, the man whom you are identified entered into arbitration there. The Emperor proposing that conclusion is acquired with race. 4WD win race beautifully, the tank row are reconciled. Future, the emperor invites to the cruiser where the self lives. The fact that it is something which the machine which have then made the self is revealed. With, simultaneously the brake shoe which are your own younger sister the Shinkuro running which lives in the big residence, it introduces to the flat tire. The emperor being these five people, made the team, also the team nationwide conference of real Mini 4WD and the heart which aims toward the conquest were the village. Passing complication, as for the team formation. The Dash Warriors "(Dash Uoriazu)" it becomes to challenge to the conference with team name with the new machine by the imperial hand as the hand. But in fight, the dash corps machine "horizon of the vision which becomes its own roots (the horizon)" informs about existence, becomes to be involved in the dispute which goes round the succession. Machine horizon of legend. That and, the people who aim for the succession of the horizon and, the person who on the one hand unites the flow of the horizon probably will be defeated, the people whom you aim. While involving those everything, the story keeps rising being filled the puzzle of news of the father source of 4WD which are puzzle and that machine production person of the horizon. As expected, as for 4WD is it probably possible to carry out the reunion of the father? Also I'm learning engrish.
The Black Wind Chapter.
(After Volume 12, The part where 2 is attached to title) The Dash Warriors disperses Mini 4WD championship ends to period. Yonkuro's lost those which burn, simply passed everyday life. At the time of a certain, the black wind (Mistral Black) with the racer of the puzzle which is called appears. One time, a black wind (Mistral Black) called the mysterious Racer appear. Four polished, Daido, three emperors were, we fought and defeated rival in the championship in Team U. Hall Academy no exception demon.
Hall Institute Demon 4WD's for Yonkuro, knowing that a challenge by a black wind Momotaro. Yonkuro, visit with Hazime Hutoshi Momotaro. So we met Lang Lang 4x4 with a Kinji's "Furontomiddoshippumashin Solitude".
Yonkuro and Kinji, And purpose like black wind?
Characters.
Main characters.
Dash Warriors (Dash Corps).
Guts and odd step of nature (technique) with you overcome any pinch with the thermal blood boy of mini- four running lover. The machine "Boomerang Jr. which in young day is entrusted from the father. We have made the treasure which is equal to the life of the self, the chassis of this "Boomerang" becomes the main machine of Mini 4WD afterwards, "Dash-1 Emperor" to with it is that way succeeded. As for this from Mini 4WD another chassis car "Dash-01 Super Emperor" becoming the prayer afterwards, there is no thing which changes, "the emperor" about it is used it was in important race for oneself. Boomerang Jr. is remodelled to the jet boomerang, the emperor who is wrecked is repaired and is technology of repairing and remodelling has. After the championship ending, it fainted by the fact that the dash corps disperses, but it revives with race of the black wind. It participates in the hell caravan being newly born a dash corps.
Machine Which Used:
With the boy where Mini-4WD encounter at the local race meeting place, you are identified "the child prodigy of Mini 4WD". The gear box and the machine of unit type in order to be able to run before backward, it has high technology e.g., you remodel. With animation Heda bullet running with it has become. The machine which is used with "gatai" which gains, somatotype those of power type to be many become the main machine similarly, "Dash 2 - Burning Sun" similar type. With the trouble which is involved wild mini- four running of the self (Monster Beetle Jr. ) It loses, thinks that as consequence of Mini-4WD confrontation. Being defeated although it did, again it may lose the machine the occasion where it becomes, Mini-4WD without reflecting upon either the life of the self, chokes up with protecting the machine of the tank low/row and becomes the friend. There are also times when 4WD or more at the beau sabreur it appears in rash conduct the time. After that, because it becomes power of 4WD vis-a-vis the encounter with the front midship machine of the team Momotarou samurai, "Burning version 2 front midship" also it should call love car "sun" with the tank low itself hand which carries out technical interchange from the opponent team, it is born "Dash 02 - Neo Burning Sun" as and it becomes to change.: With the black wind compilation, Mini-4WD it runs to crisis.
Machine Which Used:
The rich boy who lives in a coastal residence. Desiring the fact that he stands in apex of the Mini-4WD boundaries, he tries to walk the road of loneliness, but fou running with in fight and interchange it awakes in friendship, participates in the dash corps. As for main machine "Dash-3 Shooting Star" of top speed concern. The extent which destroys condition in worry that the flat tire low/row with the unique close friend, he is not in the place of game. The Shin running being born, the parents divorced promptly, had lived with the mother and the older sister and 3 people, but in order to make the successor of the company of the father who remarries it came to the point of with being received in the south house. After that, it owed the scar of the cross to amount centering on the racing team of the older sister. The scar went out with operation, but when heart burns, like the south cruciform star it appears, it seems. There is a "southern cross express" the incompleteness as a shooting skill necessary. Also technology of remodelling was high, invented the stabilizer pole with improvisation. Shifting the counter gear, the body which accompanies shaft revolution twist it offsets and so on, it handles also complicated remodelling. With the black wind compilation, Mini 4WD, he runs to crisis.
Machine Which Used:
Childhood friend of Shinkuro Minami. It has the guitar always with the flat tire make-up. The plain page two which is autonym the guitarist of the "Led Zeppelin", the jitsu is thought also jimipeiji as the thing. In state of the element the soft unkind treatment it is dense with air weakness. It is not possible when it does not have the make-up, what to talk back and/or to resist. Changes to the rocker disposition whose is instantaneously wears the make-up personality strong. The machine uniting to be proud quickly, pace manufacturer part of the Shin. As for the main machine "Dash-4 The Cannonball" of acceleration force concern with, as for speed of start dash following of other things is not permitted. In addition, accumulating electricity, it lets flow to the motor, the "condenser circuit" is built in, but the application limit is the one time drill, furthermore after use you say that the machine itself causes large explosion, because "of the sword circuit of the blades" of hitting each other at the same time preparedness, to use, the preparedness which is suitable is needed. In the nationwide conference 2 game ninja game, the machine which the offshoot is done was penetrated with travelling sound. In flat tire state the face is effective even in gang of hot-rodders of local end, as a name guitarist of the flat tire band which is formed with the family member is known. With the black wind compilation, Mini 4WD when it runs to crisis.
Machine Which Used:
Younger sister of dash corps supervision and imperial fine fellow. Being strong, wisdom. Buffer agent part of the dash corps which adjusts inside the team. As a main machine, straight speed concern, it equips the fan in the fuselage rear surface and the inversion accident impossible machine "Dash-5 which acquires down fourth to friend dance (The Dancing Doll)" it has. At the beginning girl hair type such as twin tail and dumpling hair was many, but since trying it will be denounced the fact that it is the woman in race/lace in the reason, it will shave the hair with the cutter and probably to drop, it became many to make the long hair of straight. With the black wind compilation, Mini-4WD as it runs to crisis.
Machine Which Used:
Secondary Characters.
Older brother of Rinko. To be dash corps supervision, the real parent of all the dash series. He participate in Hell Rally as a navigator of the source 4WD, the scar of the face is the damage which it owes on midst of rally.
Which the Shinkuro Minami has raised secretly at the one claw shrine. Four running with it comes to the point of from time of game of the Shinkuro being raised by the imperial boat, becomes emblem existence of from now on dash corps.
Which it tries it will pick up the emperor whom source thickly 4WD lose, probably to recover that with you have a match from 4WD. It is defeated in four running, that calls it reaches the top "the older brother" in opportunity and the point where you yearn. The cartoonist who cannot be sold in neighborhood has lived, illustration of the wild mini- four running which that cartoonist designed was brought to the imperial origin. Those where it is designed on the basis of the illustration were the dinosaur, it had reached the point where unnoticed you use that as your own love car. It registers as supplementation of the dash corps from the mini- four running championship nationwide conferences. With Musashi, the dash warriors was supported. At the time of dash corps dispersion you exchanged the new sun and the dinosaur of the tank low/row, you participated in also the hell caravan being newly born one member of the dash corps.
Machine Which Used:
Moby Dick, the son of the manager of the Pavilion of the city's fine dining Hazime Hutoshi. They are proud of the Mini 4WD off-road machine originally mini 4WD Use a white whale. Yonkuro was lost and only had 4x4 Mini Wairudomini to deepen exchanges thereafter. Register as a substitute for the dash from the Army National Tournament Championship Mini 4WD. National competition in the semifinals, unable to participate for reasons of poor maintenance Yonkuro's 4WD machine, the emperor played over borrowed.
Machine Which Used:
Teams.
U, U2.
Team "U" director. Law and Qigong with superhuman physical abilities. Ichiro source drive, the broth of a boy have known the Emperor.
Team "U" leader of the main temple chamber bunch of super small circle. The team joined the army made a dash before the Emperor, Qin Shi Huang was the original machine that was used. Shoe says "demon." Hiroshi masters seeking physical strength (Po) is an apprentice. After the final qualification, the cooperation of the Corps who will dash. For training, that occasion in the past is to travel the country, meet Momotaro kido fake hospital incident.
Lost black wind, but realized the immaturity of his own into the training, 4WD Hazime Hutoshi Momotaro vs Goro tactics anger in black like a black wind, drove Proto Emperor ZX decide to join nascent army dash.
Machine Which Used:
Team "U" member of the main temple chamber-eyed bunch of small wheels.
Machine Which Used:
Team "U" member of the main bunch bunch of small-wheeled Hercules temple.
Machine Which Used:
Team "U" member of the main bunch bunch of small-wheeled speedster temple. Known as "Sunflower". Are always hiding their faces with bangs, she discovered and drive progress in the fight against Lang.
Hell has also participated in leading the women's team caravan.
Machine Which Used:
Team "U" member of the chamber parallel to the main temple bunch of small circle. When the game is lost to Lang and 4WD small wheel in the temple. Something that the Academy's training trip accompanied kido.
Machine Which Used:
"U2" leader. Members is "Princess" is called. Sister team.
Machine Which Used:
"U2" member.
Machine Which Used:
Momotaro Samurai Team.
Okayama representative "Momotaro Samurai" team leader. Furontomiddoshippumashin Crimson placed in front of the chassis motor G is used. Hall Institute of friendship with the demons have a real hospital case fake demon temple. A dash to join a nascent army as hell, and the defeat of black wind, the feeling that the dog will bite time is increasing steadily not deny the appearance of sand cloth.
Machine Which Used:
Okayama representative "Momotaro Samurai" team members. The original racer together plain area, the goal was to represent the district when the team was invited to put a representative in the race lost the Peach Boy, Momotaro Samurai joined the team since.
Machine Which Used:
Okayama representative "Momotaro Samurai" team members. The original racer together mountainous area, the area was to be represented, when the team was invited to put a representative in the race lost the Peach Boy, Momotaro Samurai joined the team since. When there is a vacancy in the gears of the machine Momotaro National Convention, destroying their machines, Momotaro committed to victory.
Machine Which Used:
Okayama representative "Momotaro Samurai" team members. The original racer together Konno village, district representatives had hoped, when the team was invited to put a representative in the race lost to Momotaro, Momotaro Samurai joined the team since.
Machine Which Used:
Okayama representative "Momotaro Samurai" team coach. Momotaro's grandfather. Kurimuzonshirizu made drawings based on written sources Yonkuro Hinomaru drive.
Mini 4WD Championship Participants.
"Herusu Kids" ace in the captain. Whether there twice in the bulk mate, fair play like.
Hell has also participated in leading a team caravan.
"Herusu Kids" members. The first round of races and two army dash.
"Herusu Kids" members. The first round of races and two army dash.
"Herusu Kids" members. Daido Cup race with a second round of the second dash and corps.
"Herusu Kids" members. Daido Cup races with the second round and third dash corps.
"Herusu Kids Health" alternate, substitute with any other team in the championship, "Desuparedo" play for. The participants played a game with Ichiro that 4WD, kids lost in the first round health.
A team consisting of five children, "Brothers planets" members. Dash Warriors and participated in by qualifying in the area are also a national tournament quarterfinals. Dash Corps hear us, to check one's RC is to challenge, and lose out by 4WD Lang wit.
Mike
"Jet team" members. Ability to participate in the qualifying semi-final is less glamorous areas. Hall Institute, led by U semifinals defeated demon.
Machine Which Used:
Senrensareta Yoshimoto
Osaka, western representative "Yoshimoto" team leader. In the Kansai region famous "Yoshimoto pop." Lang was a game and in cases of Urusena 4WD. Tuning is called God, and afflicted the national tournament quarterfinals dash Corps exact machine on stage decorated with a distinctive remodeling.
Hachiro Oga (but not your Chirou)
Keiko Yajirushi Sho (lessons and ginger)
Tokyo Representative East "Heavy Metal Army (Warriors)" leader. The name was listed as a potential winner, the Dash Corps and participated in the semifinal only three substitute emperor.
Raundo Jigoku no Akuma (I Really quite Marus)
Mie representative "Ninja Warrior" leader. The team joined the army before the Emperor made a dash, use a shadow emperor. After we had learned the art of invisibility team went to the MIE. To defeat that one difference between the bumper to match against the second half track down a legion in the first half dash advantage of ninja tactics. After the game, things are said to participate in national competition three emperors.
Machine Which Used:
Satoshi Kyouko (Kyoko Hijiri)
Tokyo Representative East "Heavy Metal Army (Warriors)" in the alternate, a true leader. Has joined the team before the imperial army made a dash, use the sacred emperor. One of the three emperors. Lang's clever scheme to defeat before fighting their way back the 4WD can overwhelm the performance and how to fight with Goro 4WD machine.
Machine Which Used:
Emperor Fujin
Tokyo Representative East "Heavy Metal Army (Warriors)" in the alternate, three emperors. Has joined the team before the imperial army made a dash, use the Wind God Emperor.
Machine Which Used:
Emperor Mage
Tokyo Representative East "Heavy Metal Army (Warriors)" in the alternate, three emperors. The team joined the army before the Emperor made a dash, use the magic emperor.
Machine Which Used:
Black Wind Chapter.
Hinomaru-gen (Kinjirou Sabu)
The mysterious boy Crimson Solitude Furontomiddoshippumashin using different strains. Crimson Solitude The G was created based on the drawings left by Ichiro Furontomiddoshippumashin drive as the source. Oni said Hall Institute "If you join a team national tournament if he was told absolutely winning." Appearance and name of the Moomin and the Snufkin that the motif. But in the Sakuchū Kinji Ichiro, field book about the characters are written "欽次 - Qīn cì". The help of a man in black later clarified the portion of the drawing "Furontomiddoshippumashin" black filled, "Earosorichudo" to complete. Part filled black is said to set retrofit written by "waste of the same principle-driven injection oil" had been explained, in the play it decreases the driving force difference between driving and jet oil was no .
Machine Which Used:
Gale (south wind)
Black style leader. Use black wind 2WD. Yonkuro's after losing a battle with 4WD is effectively expelled from the black wind, and to present a united front after Yonkuro.
Machine Which Used:
Shimabukuro
Captain of the team in Okinawa area. Use the mini-submarine and 4WD Nunchakusutikku Okinawa Karate style. After losing to the Yonkuro's gale winds will be a black leader.
Machine Which Used:
Elder
Black elder style. The rally participants from hell, after a dead heat source in the car and driven underground Lang Island, Orochi, meets with an accident suffered serious injury. Created a blueprint for the black wind driven sources Yonkuro.
Other Characters.
Father of Yonkuro. Racer. Horizon owners. The modifications to Supaenpera broth of a boy received from Imperial, Guretoenpera created. During the rally hell, which is missing. In the Amazon in South America, as has been said that God helped the girls division of the lake. Six feet loincloth wore. May have escaped from the crisis instead of a loincloth rope.
Infrared remote control at the horizon (acceleration and deceleration, steering), including features, has a very high technology. The name and car number on the horizon instead of drive Ichiro named by sources, is only to be told in Sakuchū on their own, called Imperial.
Hell during the rally, after a dead heat in the basement of the Island, Orochi, now meets with an accident amnesia. Then he spent months quietly in the basement of the island Orochi.
Machine Which Used:
Jackie "Jack" Sakata
People come to bring the army under the dash horizon. In delivering the horizon, was intended to convey a safe source driven Yonkuro, brought the race to know with infrared remote control capabilities to the horizon, and legion unexpected dash to struggle will be imposed. Lang looks exactly like the source drive to the appearance of unkempt long hair and side whiskers, 4x4 Ichiro had me confused with my father delivered horizon.
Yonkuro's grandmother. The animation was also serving as a cheerleader in support.
To: four wheel drive mini race commentary charge. Tamiya belongs publicity department (then) known as the "before her" and modeled on Mr. Maeda Yasuyuki with this, but a mole in the same position as himself, and glasses instead of sunglasses.
The Japanese Mini 4WD Association president, was a trial run at the national competition championship ceremony. Mini 4WD Association president yet, "switch it somewhere?" Remarks that person.
Live announcer in charge of Mini 4WD championship.
House butler south.
Jiro's sister drive progress. After her parents divorced, lived with his mother and three in custody until the drive home Yonkuro progress south. The team is participating in Sazankurosukantori.
Captain
Captain of the whole conditional clauses are scum. And fighting against piracy, but to tell the tale of triumph and escape from the tomb of the boat and, truth is not clear.
Place the caravan hell "Orochi Island," took to the nascent army dash.
Yopparai that roost on the site of District agencies. The former engineer, now disused C62 has been developed as a treasure.
After starting the scrap shop.
Urusena Ireton
F-1 drivers. Italian GP was the continued slump since the accident, and four polished look of a desperate struggle to remember F1 Spirit Yonkuro. The model, of course, be responsible for triggering a boom in F1 at the time Ayrton Senna.
Ippei
Army camp using the dash, the son of a certain hot springs spa town. God's plan to boost the swamp.
Sid
Boy living in the Amazon in South America. Divine says, with a horizon-like machine.
Here
Girls living in the Amazon in South America. Divine says, with a horizon-like machine.
S.
The boy was carried into the hospital tank is low. Radio call sign, "Yonkuro." The first race was held on the Stars and surgeries, the Kabuki dance played in the chassis and body is S. Lang upstream 4WD.
Satoshi wireless fellow truck driver.
C · T
Larry Lang companion source drive. Mini 4WD is also a friend.
Anastasia
C · T in childhood, and nuns. Accused of being witches.
Xena Ireton
Brazilian RC · F1 racer. Poor, there are two brothers and one sister.
Alejandro Jose
RC · F1 Championship in Brazil. Xena tried to buy.
Zaurus Tokuda
The cartoonist living in the downtown area sell, the appearance of a potted flower head. Zaurus Tokuda identity of the creator of the work is saying. And the familiar face Hazime Hutoshi. Zaurus is a sketch based on imperial "Wild Zaurus" were fabricated.
Mini 4WD Team "Hirusu Kids" representative director. Yonkuro says 4WD, Agogorira.
Songs.
Opening Theme:
Ending Theme:

</doc>
<doc id="19996959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996959" title="Shin-Meishin Expressway">
Shin-Meishin Expressway


</doc>
<doc id="19996963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996963" title="Jango (website)">
Jango (website)

Jango is a free online music streaming service that allows users to create and share custom radio stations. Users choose artists to stream, and the station plays music from similar artists. Users can further refine their stations by rating songs and artists in their feed to play less or more frequently.
The service also incorporates social networking by “matching” users with listeners that have similar musical preferences. Users can share their stations or listen to stations created by others in the Jango social network.
The site also provides independent artists the opportunity to showcase their music by recommending their songs alongside that of similar popular artists.
Jango’s business model is derived from advertising revenues and transaction fees from selling music through the site. There is currently no premium services available for the site.
Based in New York City, Jango was launched in November 2007 by CEO Daniel Kaufman and CTO Chris Dowhan, who were previously the founders of Dash.com.

</doc>
<doc id="19996966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996966" title="Roughing the kicker">
Roughing the kicker

In gridiron football, roughing the kicker is an action in which a defender, having missed an attempt to block a kick, tackles the kicker or otherwise runs into the kicker in a way that might injure the kicker or his vulnerable extended kicking leg. This protection is also extended to the holder of a place kick. It is a separate penalty from "running into the kicker."
The penalty for such a violation in most leagues is 15 yards and an automatic first down. When such a violation occurs, the team about to surrender possession via a punt will retain its possession as a result. If the violation occurs when a successful field goal is kicked, the yardage is assessed on the ensuing kickoff.
Such protections are also extended to the holder during field goal kicks; the penalty for roughing the holder is identical.
History.
In 1914, the term "roughing the kicker" came into use. Previously, it was known as "running into the fullback after the kick."
In 1917, penalties for roughing the kicker were measured from the spot where the ball was put out of play.

</doc>
<doc id="19996973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996973" title="Lincoln Lincoln">
Lincoln Lincoln

The Lincoln was Lincoln division's entry car in 1960. It was a one year replacement for the previous years Capri, which was discontinued for 1960. It was on the Lincoln unit body platform shared by the Premiere and Continental, with its large wheelbase. Standard motor, like in all 1960 Lincoln's, was the 430 2bbl making . The 2 Barrel Carburetor was used to try to boost fuel mileage, which in the 59's with the 4 Bbl carburetor, was around 8 mpg. The switch to the 2 Bbl only boosted mileage to .
As far as a competitor, the Lincoln competed with the Cadillac 62 and the Chrysler New Yorker.
In 1961, all Lincolns were Continentals, and wheelbase was scaled back to .

</doc>
<doc id="19996984" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996984" title="Roughing the passer">
Roughing the passer

In gridiron football, roughing the passer refers to making contact with the passer (usually the quarterback) after the passer has released the ball from his hands. Touching the quarterback while he is in possession of the ball is a permitted act of defense. But once he releases the ball, defenders are not permitted to make contact with the quarterback unless carried to do so by momentum. Judgment over whether contact following release was the result of a violation or momentum is made by the referee on a case-by-case basis.
Roughing the passer can also be called if the defender commits intimidating acts toward the passer, such as picking him up and stuffing him into the ground, or wrestling with him.
An exception to the roughing rule is where the quarterback rejoins a play after passing, such as in an attempt to block, recover a fumble, or tackle a defensive player who has gained possession of the ball. In this case, the quarterback is treated as any other player and may legally be contacted.
Justification.
The NFL makes roughing the passer against the rules in an effort to protect its quarterbacks.

</doc>
<doc id="19996992" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19996992" title="Yuma County Area Transit">
Yuma County Area Transit

The Yuma County Area Transit (YCAT) system is a public transportation system based in Yuma County, Arizona. Since 1990 the agency has grown from a new transit service offering paratransit to the current mix of fixed-route and demand-responsive services serving over 32,000 riders per month, with an annual operating budget of $2.5 million. YCAT is also the local Greyhound Lines agent.
Before 1999 only private transportation companies operated any type of transit service in Yuma County, with taxis serving the urbanized areas and private van services providing transportation between San Luis and Yuma. Paratransit in Yuma County began in February 1999. When the Saguaro Foundation began operating a public dial-a-ride system funded by Yuma Metropolitan Planning Organization (YMPO) in 1996, YMPO's fixed-route service began in February 1999 with service between San Luis and Yuma under the name Valley Transit.
The name YCAT or Yuma County Area Transit was adopted in 2002, with a new system of two routes, a local route within Yuma and an intercity route between San Luis and Yuma/Arizona Western College. YCAT service between Yuma and Foothills was initiated in 2001, but the ridership was not considered high enough to justify the cost, and the system was shortened to terminate at Arizona Western College.
After a comprehensive review of the transit system by Moore and Associates, as well as financial and operating difficulties in 2003 which nearly caused the fixed-route transit system to shutdown, the city of Yuma and other member jurisdictions in Yuma County contributed additional funding to the system. YMPO selected a new operating contractor, and service survived. Two routes were added to the system in 2004, and an additional route to Wellton was initiated in January 2006. Service was expanded to 10:00 pm on all routes in the system on a network of seven routes.
In 2010, again after financial and operating difficulties, reductions in funding from the State of Arizona and local member entities, which resulted in the elimination of two routes within the City of Yuma, reduction of service hours from 6:00 am to 6:00 pm, Monday through Saturday. YCAT came very close to closing down. However, a new operations strategy adopted by YMPO came into play to save the transit system using a reduced level of local funding from its member entities with the exception of the City of Yuma. In December 2010, a new agency - Yuma County Intergovernmental Public Transportation Authority (YCIPTA) was formed to assume the operation of transit services from YMPO, which was completed on July 1, 2012. A new service delivery model was implemented on January 9, 2012, with a complete restructure of all routes to improve efficiency. Today, a total of 9 routes now operate Monday through Saturday on a fleet of 17 YCAT fixed route buses and 11 cutaways and vans.
With the new Yuma Regional Transit Study completed, the formation of YCIPTA and the restoration of funding from the City of Yuma based on the creation of YCIPTA to assume the transit operations from YMPO, YCAT is looking to the future for growth and potential to improve services within southwestern Yuma County. YCIPTA is a focused transportation authority with one goal - to operate transit services efficiently and effectively.
Both demand-response and fixed-route service is administered and funded by the YCIPTA and its member agencies, and operated by a private contractor, First Transit. Presently, YCIPTA owns all vehicles for fixed-route and demand-response service as well as the lease for the East 14th Street and Atlantic Avenue maintenance facility.
What is YCIPTA.
Yuma County Intergovernmental Public Transportation Authority (YCIPTA).
Under Arizona Revised Statutes - Title 28 Transportation, an intergovernmental public transportation authority (IPTA) may be organized in any county in Arizona with a population of two hundred thousand persons or less. Besides the YCIPTA, the Coconino and Yavapai Counties; the city of Flagstaff, and Northern Arizona University formed the Northern Arizona Intergovernmental Public Transportation Authority (NAIPTA) to assume public transit services from the city of Flagstaff, and Coconino County in an attempt to unify and coordinate public transit services in this region. 
The YCIPTA is an IPTA that was formed on December 13, 2010 by the Yuma County Board of Supervisors to administer, plan, operate and maintain public transit services throughout Yuma County, including within the political jurisdictional boundaries of the Cities of Yuma, San Luis, Somerton, Town on Wellton and the unincorporated Yuma County areas. 
Since the first meeting, Arizona Western College, Quechan Indian Tribe, and Cocopah Indian Tribe has petition and joined the IPTA.
Support from the YMPO Executive Board was provided in August 2010 through the formation of a subcommittee to establish new governance structure for public transit management and again in August 2011 through the adoption of a resolution with an intent to transfer transit operations to YCIPTA by July 1, 2012. The transition was completed on July 1, 2012.
It is the intent that the Federal Transit Administration (FTA) funding that is used to support Yuma County Area Transit (YCAT) and Greater Yuma Area Dial-A-Ride (DAR) would be used by YCIPTA through YCIPTA designation as a grantee. YCIPTA would receive local match funding from the governmental entities, Indian tribes plus Northern Arizona University and Arizona Western College.
Yuma County Area Transit (YCAT) is the marketing name for the YCIPTA and the fixed route transit system. YCAT OnCall is the marketing name for the demand responsive transit system, previously known as Greater Yuma Area Dial-A-Ride. YCAT began in 2003 as a rebranded effort from what was previously known as Valley Transit. Greater Yuma Area Dial-A-Ride began in 1996 and was the county’s first public transportation service. The Yuma Metropolitan Planning Organization (YMPO) has been the administrator of public transit service in Yuma County since 1999 utilizing Federal Transit Administration (FTA) funding that has been available to the Yuma Urbanized Area since 1980 when the urbanized area exceeds 50,000 in population. YCIPTA has since taken over.
YCIPTA is managed by a Transit Director with support staff. YCIPTA has agreements in place with Yuma County for human resources, financial services, Treasurer, Clerk of the Board, and Information Technology support. YCIPTA had a management agreement in place with YMPO to manage the day to day operations of the transit system until June 30, 2012.
There are nine Board Members that consist of City Administrators, Town Manager, Tribal Planning Directors, College Presidents and County Administrator from the member entities that set the overall policy for the transit system. Each member entity receives one vote on the Board of Directors. When financial contributions are discussed, the Board of Directors has opted towards a weighted voting structure to ensure that members that pay more into the system have fair representation. The Board of Directors meets on the 4th Monday of each month at 1:30 pm at Yuma County Development Services Building inside Aldrich Hall.
YCAT operates nine fixed routes and a demand responsive service throughout the southwestern quadrant of Yuma County and portions of Imperial County. YCAT operates Monday-Friday from 5:50 am to approximately 7:30 pm, with limited service continuing until 11:00 pm. On Saturday, service operates from 9:15 am to 6:30 pm with headways every 60 minutes. There is no service on Sundays or major holidays at this time. These services are provided under a contractual arrangement with First Transit of Cincinnati, Ohio. First Transit is part of First Group, a United Kingdom based corporation that also consists of Greyhound, First Student and First Group operations in the United Kingdom.
YCAT operates 28 buses. 17 buses are powered by diesel and used on YCAT fixed routes. 8 buses and 3 vans are powered by gasoline and used on YCAT OnCall. All buses and vans are owned by YCIPTA and were purchased with Federal Transit Administration funding.
For additional information on YCAT routes and schedules and YCAT OnCall, please call (928) 783-2235 or visit www.ycat.org. For additional information on YCIPTA, please call John Andoh, Transit Director at (928) 539-7076, extension 237.
Routes.
Red Route 1.
Service from Downtown Yuma Transit Center in a counter-clockwise direction in the City of Yuma serving Redondo Center Drive, 1st Street, 4th Ave, West Yuma Transfer Hub at Walmart on 26th St at Avenue B, 32nd Street, Yuma Airport & Pacific Avenue.<br>
6:30 am to 7:30 pm – Monday-Friday<br>
9:30 am to 5:30 pm - Saturday
Orange Route 2.
Service from Downtown Yuma Transit Center via 16th Street, Araby Road, Arizona Western College (AWC)/Northern Arizona University (NAU), Avenue 9E, Walmart Foothills to Fortuna Road and 35th Place.<br>
6:30 am to 7:30 pm – Monday-Thursday <br>
6:30 am to 6:30 pm - Friday<br>
9:30 am to 5:30 pm - Saturday
Brown Route 3.
Service within Fortuna Foothills with timed transfers to Orange Route 2/2A at Arizona Western College/Northern Arizona University/University of Arizona.<br>
5:52 am to 4:52 pm – Monday-Friday<br>
9:52 am to 3:52 pm - Saturday 
Yellow Route 95.
Service from Downtown Yuma Transit Center to San Luis via West Yuma Transfer Hub, Somerton and Gadsden.<br>
6:30 am to 7:30 pm – Monday-Friday<br>
9:30 am to 6:30 pm - Saturday
Blue Route 5.
Service within the Quechan/Fort Yuma Indian Reservation to Yuma connecting Quechan Casino Resort and Paradise Casino Resort.<br>
7:00 am to 7:00 pm – Monday-Friday<br>
9:00 am to 5:00 pm - Saturday
Green Route 4.
Service in a clockwise direction within the City of Yuma from Yuma Palms Regional Center Transit Center via Pacific Avenue, Marine Corps Air Station Yuma, West Yuma Transfer Hub at Walmart on 26th Street at Avenue B, MCAS Housing and 3rd Street in downtown Yuma to Yuma Palms Regional Center Transit Center via Castle Dome Avenue.<br>
6:30 am to 7:30 pm – Monday-Friday<br>
9:30 am to 5:30 pm - Saturday
Purple Route 6/6A.
Service from North Cocopah Reservation via Riverside Drive, Avenue C, 8th Street, Avenue A, 24th Street to West Yuma Transfer Hub at Walmart on 26th Street at Avenue B. Saturday service extended to Cocopah Casino, Somerton, East and West Cocopah Reservations.<br>
7:10 am to 6:10 pm – Monday- Friday<br>
10:00 am to 4:53 pm - Saturday
Violet Route 7.
Deviated fixed route service between Cocopah West Reservation, Cocopah East Reservation (westbound only), Mesa Verde/Orange Grove area and Cocopah Casino.<br>
7:45 am to 6:45 pm, Monday-Friday
Gold Route 8.
Deviated fixed route service from Downtown Yuma Transit Center to Wellton via AWC/NAU, Fortuna Foothills and on request to Ligurta.<br>
7:15 am to 8:15 am/3:30 pm to 4:30 pm – Monday-Friday
Silver Route 9.
Service from AWC/NAU to San Luis via AWC San Luis Center and State Route 195.<br>
5:50 am to 8:00 am/2:15 pm to 6:00 pm – Monday-Thursday
Turquoise Route 10.
Service from Yuma, AZ to El Centro, CA. Paradise Casino via Downtown Yuma and Winterhaven to Downtown El Centro (Operates Monday, Wednesday, and Saturday only).<br>
Departing Yuma: 8:15 am and 2:02 pm - Monday & Wednesday / 10:15 am on Saturday.<br>
Departing El Centro (Pacific Time): 9:30 am & 3:20 pm - Monday & Wednesday / 11:20 am on Saturday.
YCAT - Special Services.
NightCAT.
Service from AWC/NAU to Winterhaven, Yuma, Somerton, San Luis, Cocopah Reservations, Fortuna Foothills and unincorporated areas within a ¾ mile radius of existing YCAT routes only.<br>
8:10 pm to 11:10 pm, Monday-Friday
HolidayCAT.
On Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Day, Presidents Day, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day and Veterans Day, limited service is provided between AWC/NAU/UA and Yuma Palms Regional Center on an advance reservation basis only. Regular YCAT fares apply for this service. AWC, UA and NAU employees, faculty and students ride free by showing their ID card with a vaild YCAT sticker.<br>
Departing AWC/NAU/UA Campus: 11:30 am<br>
Departing Yuma Palms Regional Center: 3:30 pm<br>
Reservations must be made in advance by Friday day before holiday @ 12 noon by contacting AWC Campus Life in the 3C Building
Fares and Passes.
YCAT Fares.
No transfers – use Day YCATPass or pay one way fares.
Cocopah Tribe members can ride free by showing their tribal ID card.
AWC and NAU students and employees can ride free by showing their student ID card with the current semester sticker.
YPIC Charter High School and Aztec High School students and employees can ride free by showing their student or employee ID card with current semester sticker.
Children under 5 ride free – up to four children. Fifth and more children pay discount fare.
Yuma Sun newspaper on buses – 50 cents.
Class Pass - $45.00 (Up to 5 adults and 40 students @ $1.00 per ride).<br>
<br>
<br>
YCAT OnCall Fares.
Children under 5 ride free – up to four children.<br>
Fifth and more children pay discount fare.<br>
Personal Care Attendants (PCA) ride free.<br>
Companions ride at the same fares listed above.<br>
Yuma Sun newspaper on buses – 50 cents.<br>
Personal Care Attendant From First Transit - $10.00 per hour.
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19997008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997008" title="1894 Meiji Tokyo earthquake">
1894 Meiji Tokyo earthquake

The was an earthquake which occurred in Tokyo, Japan at 14:04 PM on June 20, 1894. It affected downtown Tokyo and neighboring Kanagawa prefecture, especially the cities of Kawasaki and Yokohama.
The Meiji Tokyo earthquake had its epicenter in Tokyo Bay, with a magnitude of 6.6 on the Richter Scale. The depth of the 1894 earthquake has not been determined, but it is thought to have occurred within the subducting Pacific Plate under the Kantō region. The death toll was 31 killed and 157 injured.
The earthquake was mentioned by author Ichiyō Higuchi in her work "Mizu-no-ue no nikki", in which she described damage to buildings in Yotsuya, and soil liquefaction in the Mita area of downtown Tokyo. She also commented on an aftershock which occurred at 2200 that night. The earthquake is also mentioned by author Jun'ichirō Tanizaki in his autobiographical work, "Yosho-jidai", in which he described how his family’s house collapsed during the earthquake, a traumatic event to which he attributed his lifelong phobia of earthquakes. By 1894, Tokyo and Yokohama had numerous foreign residents, many of whom commented on the earthquake in their writings and diaries. 
The National Science Museum of Japan in Tokyo has a collection of twenty two photographs of the earthquake in the form of albumen papers, lantern slides and dry plates. A considerable number of photographs were taken just after the event for the use at the former Imperial Earthquake Investigation Committee in its official reports of the 1894 earthquake, but almost all of the original plates have been lost.

</doc>
<doc id="19997051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997051" title="Shō En">
Shō En

'(1415–1476, r. 1470–1476) was a king of the Ryūkyū Kingdom, the founder of the Second Shō Dynasty. Prior to becoming king, he was known as '.
Early life and rise to power.
Kanamaru was born into a family of peasant farmers on Izena Island, a tiny island which lies off the northwestern coast of Okinawa Island. It is said that he lost his parents when he was around twenty and undertook to provide for his aunt and uncle, brother and sister, and his wife, whom he married at a very young age.
In one year in which the island had suffered from a particularly severe drought, the rice patties of Kanamaru's family were found to be full of water; accused of having stolen the water, Kanamaru was forced to flee his home, and ended up in Ginama, in the northern region ("Kunigami") of Okinawa Island.
After several years living in Ginama, there too some type of dispute or disagreement between Kanamaru and his neighbors emerged. Leaving Ginama, he traveled to Shuri, the capital of the Ryūkyū Kingdom, in 1441, and became a servant or retainer to the prince, Shō Taikyū. After Shō Taikyū became king in 1454, Kanamaru was made royal treasurer, and was in 1459 granted the post of , a position involving responsibility for matters regarding foreign relations and trade. He was also granted territory, and made .
There emerged a difference of opinion between Kanamaru, and Shō Toku, who succeeded Shō Taikyū as king in 1461, possibly over the king's costly military efforts on the island of Kikaigashima, leading Kanamaru to leave Shuri and retire to Uchima. Shō Toku died shortly afterwards, however, and it is said that in the ensuing discussions among the elder bureaucrats to choose a successor, Kanamaru was selected by popular demand, and thus came to the throne, taking the royal name Shō En. Historian George H. Kerr, however, points out that official histories produced in the following centuries were written with the patronage of Shō En's successors; also that the circumstances surrounding Shō Toku's death remain something of a mystery, and the traditional account may simply indicate that there was a shift in allegiances among the aristocrats and bureaucrats towards Kanamaru, or that those parties in support of Kanamaru simply outnumbered those on the side of the late king.
Reign.
Shō En thus established the Second Shō Dynasty, taking on the honorary surname granted the kings of Ryūkyū by Ming Dynasty (and later, Qing Dynasty) China. He also banned members of the former Shō lineage from high government office, and from marrying into the lineage of the new dynasty, and took steps to elevate the prestige of his own family. His father came to be honored as King of Izena, and a formal tomb was constructed for Shō En's parents on Izena Island. Shō En also named his sister high priestess, or ""noro"", of Izena; the lineage of high priestesses descended from her continued until the 20th century.
His reign marked the beginning of an institutional shift in the royal government, away from rule by a charismatic or otherwise gifted individual leader, i.e. the king, and towards a more bureaucratic system, with the king at its center.
Shō En's childhood wife is believed to have died, or otherwise separated from Kanamaru, before he rose to prominence at Shuri. He had his first son with his second wife, Yosoidon. Shō En died in 1476, after ruling for only a few years, and was succeeded by his brother Shō Sen'i, to Yosoidon's chagrin. Presently, the high priestess, daughter of the late king and Yosoidon, received a divine message indicating that Shō Sen'i should abdicate in favor of his nephew, son of Shō En, who then took the throne as Shō Shin.

</doc>
<doc id="19997053" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997053" title="Kala Nath Shastry">
Kala Nath Shastry

Devarshi Kala Nath Shastry, (b. 15 July 1936 at Jaipur, Rajasthan, India) a celebrated Sanskrit scholar honoured by the President of India (1998) is not only an Indologist and a prolific writer of Sanskrit, Hindi and English but also a well known linguist, who has contributed richly to the campaign of evolving technical terminology in Indian languages and ensuring a respectable status to Hindi, the official language of his state and the Indian union.
Academic Contribution.
He has continued the rich tradition of introducing modern genres and modes of expression in an ancient language like Sanskrit for which his father late Kavishiromani Bhatt Mathuranath Shastri is known in the history of modern Sanskrit literature. He has authored more than a dozen books and edited equal number in Sanskrit, Hindi and English and is known for his interliterary translations of monumental works of Philosophy and literature in these languages and also Prakrit, Vraj Bhasha, Rajasthani and other Indian languages.
Literary Achievements.
He has contributed more than a thousand articles in Hindi and Sanskrit to reputed journals of India and broadcast more than 200 talks, poems, plays etc. in Sanskrit, Hindi and English. As a literary historian, critic and commentator he has made a mark on the creative literary scene of Sanskrit in the second half of the twentieth century. In the history of modern Sanskrit literature he is known as a distinguished fiction writer who has introduced a modern idiom in creative Sanskrit writing through his novels, short stories and personal essays. His books on the 20th century Sanskrit literature form the foundation of the history modern Indian literature. As the chairman of the Rajasthan Sanskrit Academy(1995-1998) and the Director of Sanskrit Education and Bhasha Vibhag(1976-1994) his contribution to the development of Sanskrit and Hindi languages has been valued as remarkable all over the country.
Career.
Versatility is a distinguishing feature of Kala Nath Shastry. He has to his credit a chequered career, starting with an ardent pursuit of traditional Sanskrit learning, Indian Aesthetics, Comparative Linguistics, the Vedas & Shastras under the tutelage of celebrated Sanskrit scholars like his own father Bhatt Mathura Nath Shastry, Giridhar Sharma Chaturvedi, Pt. Pattabhi Ram Shastri, Pt. Hari Shastri, and Jagdish Sharma, he mastered linguistics and aesthetics of Sanskrit, and also studied in their entirety the literatures of Hindi and English. 
After doing his postgraduation in English he taught English Language and literature at the Postgraduate colleges of the University of Rajasthan for 8 years, then took over the administration of official language as Deputy Director and later the Director of Bhasha Vibhag( Directorate of Official Language) of the Government of Rajasthan from which position he retired in 1994.
Major Honors and Awards.
Numerous awards and recognitions kept coming his way for his masterly and authoritative knowledge of, and invaluable contribution to, the great Indian languages, Hindi and Sanskrit. The zenith of recognition for his extremely valuable contribution to the mother of all languages, Sanskrit, was reached when he was recognized by none other than the hon'ble President of India, Dr. K. R. Narayanan in 1998. He was bestowed upon with "Rashtrapati Puraskar", the most prestigious award in India in this category, for his unmatched contribution to Sanskrit. 
A down to earth man, in spite of his unmatched masterly knowledge of Hindi and Sanskrit, Devarshi Kala Nath Shastry has been a source of inspiration for many. His pupils and contemporary scholars themselves masters in their own rights, respect his depth of knowledge and still draw valuable advice from him. His contribution to Hindi and Sanskrit has already been written in golden letters in the annals of the languages. People like him are born one in a lifetime, and it has been an honour and pleasure for all those who have been associated with him in any way.

</doc>
<doc id="19997100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997100" title="Larry McCall">
Larry McCall

Larry Stephen McCall (born September 8, 1952) was born in Asheville, North Carolina. He is a former Major League Baseball pitcher. He played Major League Baseball with the New York Yankees (–) and the Texas Rangers () professional baseball teams during his career. He bats left-handed and throws right-handed.
Career.
Baseball player.
Larry McCall was signed by the Baltimore Orioles on February 27, 1971 as an amateur free agent. On September 16, 1974, he was purchased by the California Angels from the Baltimore Orioles. On October 25, 1974, he was returned to the Orioles by the Angels. On April 10, 1976, he was released by the Baltimore Orioles, and on the same day, he was signed with the New York Yankees as a free agent.
McCall made his major league baseball debut on September 10, 1977 with the New York Yankees. On that day of his major league debut, the Toronto Blue Jays were playing against the New York Yankees at Yankee Stadium with 20,296 people attending the game. At the top of the seventh inning, McCall was called to replace Stan Thomas pitching. He pitched one inning that game. At the top of the eight inning, he was replaced by Ken Holtzman pitching. At the end of the game, the New York Yankees lost the game against the Toronto Blue Jays with the score at 19–4. On November 10, 1978, McCall was traded by the New York Yankees with Mike Heath, Sparky Lyle, Dave Rajsich, Domingo Ramos, and cash to the Texas Rangers for Dave Righetti, Juan Beníquez, Mike Griffin, Paul Mirabella, and minor leaguer Greg Jemison. He played his final Major League Baseball game on September 27, 1979. On January 4, 1980, McCall was traded by the Texas Rangers with Mike Bucci (minors) and Gary Gray to the Cleveland Indians for David Clyde and Jim Norris.
Baseball coach.
Larry McCall began his coaching career in professional baseball in 1990 as a pitching coach with Bluefield. After, he coached for two seasons at Class-A Kane County. He went to Frederick for the 1993 season and spent three seasons there before going to High Desert in 1996. McCall was also the pitching coach at Double-A Bowie in 1997 after a season at Class A High Desert. He also served as the pitching coach for the Perth Heat in the off season in Australia. He served as the pitching coach at Gulf Coast in 2002 after spending the previous four years at Rochester and Delmarva in 2003. In 2005, McCall was named the winner of the Cal Ripken Sr. Player Development Award. McCall was the bullpen coach for Baltimore during the second half of the 2006 season. His 21 years as a coach in the organization came to an end on September 24, 2010 when the Orioles declined to retain him.

</doc>
<doc id="19997117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997117" title="Epic Bible College">
Epic Bible College

Epic Bible College (formerly known as Trinity Life Bible College or TLBC) is a private Bible college located in Sacramento, CA.
History.
Epic Bible College was founded in 1974 under the name "Trinity School of the Bible" by Paul Trulin. Trulin was the pastor of Trinity Church (now Trinity Life Center; an Assemblies of God congregation) at the time and wanted to train people for Christian ministry. The church board and congregation shared his vision and approved the establishment of a church-based Bible college. Trulin served as pastor of the church as well as president of the Bible College until his retirement in 1982.
Trinity began to seek accreditation in 1993, and achieved accreditation candidacy level in 1999. In 2004 the process was complete and Trinity received full accreditation from the Transnational Association of Christian Colleges and Schools. Through the process, Trinity has seen academic improvement, the addition of a Division of General Education, upgrades in technology and facilities, and now has more opportunities to grant financial aid.
Academics.
Epic offers one B.A. in Ministerial Studies, two Associate of Arts, one each in Ministerial Studies and Christian Studies, as well as several certificates in various ministry related areas. According to an Institute for Creation Research report, Trinity teaching holds to a strictly young earth creationist doctrine, which the ICR defines as ""God created all life forms according to the literal interpretation of the Biblical record (six-day creation, recent global flood).""
Financial Literacy.
In order to prepare its students for real life financial decision making, Epic Bible College partnered with iGrad, a financial literacy tool which helps students manage their resources and make good financial decisions.

</doc>
<doc id="19997146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997146" title="Are You with Me (The Potbelleez song)">
Are You with Me (The Potbelleez song)

"Are You with Me" is the second single by The Potbelleez from the self-titled debut album "The Potbelleez".
Charts.
"Are You with Me" was a GOLD selling single Australia and has yet to be released outside of Australia and NZ.
(A) means that The Original Mix/Hook N Sling Mix/Original Acid Mix/Mind Electric Mix/mrTimothy Mix charted.

</doc>
<doc id="19997167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997167" title="Accamma Cherian">
Accamma Cherian

Accamma Cherian was a freedom fighter from the erstwhile Travancore (Kerala), India. She was popularly known as the Jhansi Rani of Travancore.
Early life and education.
She was born on 14 February 1909 in a Nasrani family at Kanjirapally, Travancore, as the second daughter of Thomman Cherian and Annamma Karippaparambil. She was educated at Government Girls High School, Kanjirapally and St. Joseph's High School, Changanacherry. She earned a B.A. in History from St. Teresa's College, Ernakulam.
After completing her education in 1931, she worked as a teacher at St. Mary's English Medium School, Kanjirapally), where she later became head mistress. She worked in this institution for about six years, and during this period she also did her L. T. degree from Trivandrum Training College.
Freedom fighter.
In February 1938, the Travancore State Congress was formed and Accamma gave up her teaching career in order to join the struggle for liberty. Under the State Congress, the people of Travancore started an agitation for a responsible government. C. P. Ramaswami Aiyar, the Dewan of Travancore, decided to suppress the agitation. On 26 August 1938, he banned the State Congress which then organized a civil disobedience movement. Prominent State Congress leaders including its President Pattom A. Thanu Pillai were arrested and put behind bars. The State Congress then decided to change its method of agitation. Its working committee was dissolved and the president was given dictatorial powers and the right to nominate his successor. Eleven ‘dictators’ (Presidents) of the State Congress were arrested one by one. Kuttanad Ramakrishna Pillai, the eleventh dictator, before his arrest nominated Accamma Cherian as the twelfth dictator.
Accamma Cherian led a mass rally from Thampanoor to the Kowdiar Palace of the Maharaja Chithira Thirunal Balarama Varma to revoke a ban on State Congress. The agitating mob also demanded the dismissal of the Dewan, C. P. Ramaswami Aiyar, against whom the State Congress leaders had leveled several charges. The British police chief ordered his men to fire on the rally of over 20,000 people . Accamma Cherian cried, "I am the leader; shoot me first before you kill others". Her courageous words forced the police authorities to withdraw their orders. On hearing the news M. K. Gandhi hailed her as ‘The Jhansi Rani of Travancore’. She was arrested and convicted for violating prohibitory orders in 1939.
In October 1938, the working committee of the State Congress directed Accamma Cherian to organize the Desasevika Sangh (Female Volunteer Crops). She toured various centers and appealed to the women to join as members of the Desasevika Sangh.
The first annual conference of the State Congress was held at Vattiyoorkavu on 22 and 23 December 1938 in spite of the ban orders. Almost all leaders of the State Congress were arrested and imprisoned. Accamma, along with her sister Rosamma Punnose (also a freedom fighter, M.L.A., and a C.P.I. leader from 1948), was arrested and jailed on 24 December 1939. They were sentenced to a year's imprisonment. They were insulted and threatened in the jail. Due to the instruction given by the jail authorities, some prisoners used abusing and vulgar words against them. This matter was brought to the notice of M.K. Gandhi by Pattom A. Thanu Pillai. C. P. Ramaswami Aiyar, however, denied it. Accamma’s brother, K. C. Varkey Karippaparambil , also took part in freedom movement.
Accamma, after her release from jail, became a full-time worker of the State Congress. In 1942, she became its Acting President. In her presidential address, she welcomed the Quit India Resolution passed at the historic Bombay session of the Indian National Congress on 8 August 1942. She was arrested and awarded one year imprisonment. In 1946, she was arrested and imprisoned for six months for violating ban orders. In 1947, she was again arrested as she raised her voice against C. P. Ramaswami Aiyar’s desire for an independent Travancore. 
Life in Independent India.
In 1947, after independence, Accamma was elected unopposed to the Travancore Legislative Assembly from Kanjirapally. In 1951, she married V.V. Varkey Mannamplackal, a freedom fighter and a member of Travancore Cochin Legislative Assembly. They had one son, George V. Varkey, an engineer. In the early 1950s, she resigned from the Congress Party after being denied a Lok Sabha ticket and in 1952, she unsuccessfully contested the parliamentary election from Muvattupuzha constituency as an independent. In the early 1950s, when the parties ideologies were changing, she quit politics. Her husband V. V. Varkey Mannamplackal, Chirakkadavu. served as an MLA in the Kerala Legislative Assembly from 1952–54. In 1967, she contested the Assembly election from Kanjirapally as a Congress candidate but was defeated by the Communist Party's candidate. Later, she served as a member of the Freedom Fighters’ Pension Advisory Board.
Death and commemoration.
Accamma Cherian died on May 5, 1982. A statue was erected in her memory in Vellayambalam, Thiruvananthapuram.
A documentary film was made on her life by Sreebala K. Menon.

</doc>
<doc id="19997169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997169" title="Trouble Trouble">
Trouble Trouble

"Trouble Trouble" is a dance song by Irish Australian four piece band The Potbelleez, released as the third single from their self-titled debut album "The Potbelleez".
Music video.
The music video starts off with Ilan Kidron waking up after a party. As he strolls through the house, flashbacks occur and the night retraces itself. As he walks into the cellar he finds a woman dressed in a police uniform. The night rewinds and it is revealed Ilan was a police officer checking on the party who was then seduced by the woman.
The video closes with Ilan strolling over to his patrol car.
Charts.
The single debuted on the ARIA Singles Chart at #77 on 3 November 2008, and reached its peak of #54 on 1 December.
(A) indicates that The Goodwill remix charted.

</doc>
<doc id="19997192" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997192" title="Zaykiel Leong">
Zaykiel Leong

Zaykiel Leong (born November 9, 1980) is a Malaysian footballer who play as a striker for Sabah FA in Malaysia Premier League.
Zaykiel has represent Sabah since 2002. He made it into the first eleven during 2003 season. He show impressive playing style during 2003 season as he netted 8 goal during the season and help Sabah to reach final of Malaysia Cup but failed to win the cup after losing 3–0 to Selangor MPPJ by Juan Arostegui from Argentina.
For 2009 season, he return to play for Sabah after last time playing for Beverly FC in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="19997199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997199" title="Xhosa people">
Xhosa people

The Xhosa (pronounced ) people are a Bantu ethnic group of Southern Africa living in south-east South Africa, and in the last two centuries throughout the southern and central-southern parts of the country.
Xhosa peoples are divided into several tribes with related but distinct heritages. The main tribes are the Mpondo, Mpondomise, Bomvana, Xesibe, and Thembu. In addition, the Bhaca and Mfengu have adopted the Xhosa language.
The name "Xhosa" comes from that of a legendary leader called uXhosa. There is also a theory that the word xhosa derives from a word in some Khoi-khoi or San language meaning "fierce" or "angry", the amaXhosa being the fierce people. The Xhosa refer to themselves as the amaXhosa and to their language as isiXhosa.
Presently approximately 8 million Xhosa people are distributed across the country, and the Xhosa language is South Africa's second most common home language, after Zulu, to which Xhosa is closely related. The pre-1994 apartheid system of Bantustans denied Xhosas South African citizenship, but enabled them to have self-governing "homelands" namely; Transkei and Ciskei, now both a part of the Eastern Cape Province where most Xhosa remain. Many Xhosa live in Cape Town (iKapa in Xhosa), East London (iMonti), and Port Elizabeth (iBhayi).
History.
The Xhosa are part of the South African Nguni migration which slowly moved south from the region around the Great Lakes, displacing the original Khoisan hunter gatherers of Southern Africa. Xhosa peoples were well established by the time of the Dutch arrival in the mid-17th century, and occupied much of eastern South Africa from the Fish River to land inhabited by Zulu-speakers south of the modern city of Durban.
The Xhosa and white settlers first encountered one another around Somerset East in the early 18th century. In the late 18th century Afrikaner trekboers migrating outwards from Cape Town came into conflict with Xhosa pastoralists around the Great Fish River region of the Eastern Cape. Following more than 20 years of intermittent conflict, from 1811 to 1812 the Xhosas were forced east by British colonial forces in the Third Frontier War.
In the years following, many Xhosa-speaking clans were pushed west by expansion of the Zulus, as the northern Nguni put pressure on the southern Nguni as part of the historical process known as the mfecane, or "scattering". The Xhosa-speaking southern Nguni people had initially split into the Gcaleka and the Rharhabe (who had moved westwards across the Kei river). Further subdivisions were made more complicated by the arrival of groups like the Mfengu and the Bhaca from the Mfecane wars. These newcomers came to speak the Xhosa language, and are sometimes considered to be Xhosa.
Xhosa unity and ability to resist colonial expansion was further weakened by the famines and political divisions that followed the cattle-killing movement of 1856. Historians now view this movement as a millennialist response both directly to a lung disease spreading among Xhosa cattle at the time, and less directly to the stress to Xhosa society caused by the continuing loss of their territory and autonomy.
Some historians argue that this early absorption into the wage economy is the ultimate origin of the long history of trade union membership and political leadership among Xhosa people. That history manifests itself today in high degrees of Xhosa representation in the leadership of the African National Congress, South Africa's ruling political party.
Language.
Xhosa is an agglutinative tonal language of the Bantu family. While the Xhosas call their language "isiXhosa", it is usually referred to as "Xhosa" in English. Written Xhosa uses a Latin alphabet–based system. Xhosa is spoken by about 18% of the South African population, and has some mutual intelligibility with Zulu, especially Zulu spoken in urban areas. Many Xhosa speakers, particularly those living in urban areas, also speak Zulu and/or Afrikaans and/or English.
Among its features, the Xhosa language famously has fifteen click sounds, originally borrowed from now extinct Khoisan languages of the region. Xhosa has three basic click consonants: a dental click, written with the letter "c"; a palatal click, written with the letter "q"; and a lateral click, written with the letter "x". There is also a simple inventory of five vowels (a, e, i, o, u). Some vowels however may be silent. In other words, they can be present in written language but hardly audible in spoken language. This happens especially at the end of the word. This is because the tone of most Xhosa words is lowest at the end.
Folklore and religion.
Traditional Xhosa culture includes diviners known as amagqirha. This job is mostly taken by women, who spend five years in apprenticeship. There are also herbalists amaxhwele, prophets izanuse, and healers inyanga for the community.
The Xhosas have a strong oral tradition with many stories of ancestral heroes; according to tradition, the leader from whose name the Xhosa people take their name was the first King of the nation. One of Xhosa's descendents named Phalo gave birth to two sons Gcaleka, the heir and Rharabe a son from the Right Hand house. Rharhabe the warrior wanted Gcaleka's throne but was defeated and banished and settled in the Amathole Mountains. Maxhobayakhawuleza Sandile Aa! Zanesizwe is the King in the Great Place in Mngqesha. The Zwelonke Sigcawu was crowned King of the Xhosa on 18 June 2010.
The key figure in the Xhosa oral tradition is the "imbongi" (plural: "iimbongi") or praise singer. "Iimbongi" traditionally live close to the chief's "great place" (the cultural and political focus of his activity); they accompany the chief on important occasions - the "imbongi" Zolani Mkiva preceded Nelson Mandela at his Presidential inauguration in 1994. Iimbongis' poetry, called "imibongo", praises the actions and adventures of chiefs and ancestors.
The supreme being is called uThixo or uQamata. Ancestors act as intermediaries and play a part in the lives of the living; they are honoured in rituals. Dreams play an important role in divination and contact with ancestors. Traditional religious practice features rituals, initiations, and feasts. Modern rituals typically pertain to matters of illness and psychological well-being.
Christian missionaries established outposts among the Xhosa in the 1820s, and the first Bible translation was in the mid-1850s, partially done by Henry Hare Dugmore. Xhosa did not convert in great numbers until the 20th century, but now many are Christian, particularly within the African Initiated Churches such as the Zion Christian Church. Some denominations combine Christianity with traditional beliefs.
Rites of passage.
The Xhosa are a South African cultural group who emphasize traditional practices and customs inherited from their forefathers. Each person within the Xhosa culture has his or her place which is recognized by the entire community. Starting from birth, a Xhosa person goes through graduation stages which recognize his growth and assign him a recognized place in the community. Each stage is marked by a specific ritual aimed at introducing the individual to their counterparts and hence to the ancestors. Starting from "imbeleko", a ritual performed to introduce a new born to the ancestors, to "umphumo", from "inkwenkwe" (a boy) to "indoda" (a man). These rituals and ceremonies are still practiced today, but many urbanized Xhosa people do not follow them rigidly. The "ulwaluko" and "intonjane" are also traditions which separated this tribe from the rest of the Nguni tribes. These are performed to mark the transition from child to adulthood. Zulus once performed the ritual but King Shaka stopped it because of war in the 1810s. In 2009 it was reintroduced by King Goodwill Zwelithini Zulu, not as a custom, but as a medical procedure to curb HIV infections. This topic has caused arguments and fights among Xhosa and Zulus; each side sees itself as superior to the other because it practices or forsakes some customs.
All these rituals are symbolic of one's development. Before each is performed, the individual spends time with community elders to prepare for the next stage. The elders' teachings are not written, but transmitted from generation to generation by oral tradition. The "Iziduko" (clan) for instance—which matters most to the Xhosa identity (even more than names and surnames) are transferred from one to the other through oral tradition. Knowing your “Isiduko” is vital to the Xhosas and it is considered a shame and “Uburhanuka” (lack-of-identity) if one doesn’t know one's clan. This is considered so important that when two strangers meet for the first time, the first identity that gets shared is “Isiduko”. It is so important that two people with the same surname but different clan are considered total strangers but the same two people from the same clan but different surnames are regarded as close relatives. This forms the roots of "Ubuntu" (neighbouring) - a behaviour synonymous to this tribe as extending a helping hand to a complete stranger when in need. Ubuntu goes further than just helping one another - it is so deep that it even extends to looking after and reprimanding your neighbour's child when in the wrong. Hence the saying "it takes a village to raise a child". 
One traditional ritual that is still regularly practiced is the manhood ritual, a secret rite that marks the transition from boyhood to manhood (Ulwaluko). After ritual circumcision, the initiates (abakwetha) live in isolation for up to several weeks, often in the mountains. During the process of healing they smear white clay on their bodies and observe numerous taboos.
In modern times the practice has caused controversy, with over 825 circumcision- and initiation-related deaths since 1994, and the spread of sexually transmitted diseases including HIV via the practice of circumcising initiates with the same blade. In March 2007, a controversial mini-series dealing with Xhosa circumcision and initiation rites debuted on SABC. Titled "Umthunzi Wentaba", the series was taken off the air after complaints by traditional leaders that the rites are secret and not to be revealed to non-initiates and women. In January 2014 the website ulwaluko.co.za was released by a Dutch medical doctor. It features a gallery of photographs of injured penises, which sparked outrage amongst traditional leaders in the Eastern Cape. The South African Film and Publication Board ruled that the website was "scientific with great educative value", addressing a "societal problem needing urgent intervention".
Girls are also initiated into womanhood (Intonjane). They too are secluded, though for a shorter period. Female initiates are not circumcised.
Other rites include the seclusion of mothers for ten days after giving birth, and the burial of the afterbirth and umbilical cord near the village. This is reflected in the traditional greeting "Inkaba yakho iphi?", literally "Where is Your Navel?" The answer "tells someone where you live, what your clan affiliation is, and what your social status is and contains a wealth of cultural information. Most importantly, it determines where you belong".
Traditional diet.
The Xhosa settled on mountain slopes of the Amatola and the Winterberg Mountains. Many streams drain into great rivers of this Xhosa territory including the Kei and Fish Rivers. Rich soils and plentiful rainfall make the river basins good for farming and grazing making cattle important and the basis of wealth.
Traditional foods include beef (Inyama yenkomo), mutton (Inyama yegusha), and goat meat (Inyama yebhokwe), sorghum, milk (often fermented, called "amasi"), pumpkins (amathanga), Mielie-meal (maize meal), samp (unngusho), beans (iimbotyi), vegetables, like ""rhabe"", wild spinach reminiscent of sorrel, ""imvomvo"", the sweet sap of an aloe, or ""ikhowa"", a mushroom that grows after summer rains.
Xhosa Dishes.
"See also:" Typical South African foods and dishes
Arts and crafts.
Traditional crafts include beadwork, weaving, woodwork and pottery.
Traditional music features drums, rattles, whistles, flutes, mouth harps, and stringed-instruments and especially group singing accompanied by hand clapping. There are songs for various ritual occasions; one of the best-known Xhosa songs is a wedding song called "Qongqothwane, performed by Miriam Makeba as "Click Song #1". Besides Makeba, several modern groups record and perform in Xhosa.
Missionaries introduced the Xhosa to Western choral singing. "Nkosi Sikelel' iAfrika", part of the National anthem of South Africa is a Xhosa hymn written in 1897 by Enoch Sontonga.
The first newspapers, novels, and plays in Xhosa appeared in the 19th century, and Xhosa poetry is also gaining renown.
Several films have been shot in the Xhosa language. "U-Carmen eKhayelitsha" is a modern remake of Bizet's 1875 opera "Carmen". It is shot entirely in Xhosa, and combines music from the original opera with traditional African music. It takes place in the Cape Town township of Khayelitsha.
Xhosas in modern society.
Xhosa people currently make up approximately 18% of the South African population.
Under apartheid, adult literacy rates were as low as 30%, and studies estimated the literacy level of first-language Xhosa speakers at approximately 50%. There have been advances since then, however.
Education in primary-schools serving Xhosa-speaking communities is conducted in isiXhosa, but this is replaced by English after the early primary grades. Xhosa is still considered as a studied subject, however, and it is possible to major in Xhosa at university level. Most of the students at the University of Fort Hare speak isiXhosa. Rhodes University in Grahamstown, additionally, offers courses in isiXhosa for both mother-tongue and non-mother-tongue speakers. These courses both include a cultural studies component. Professor Russel H. Kaschula, Head of the School of Languages at Rhodes, has published multiple papers on Xhosa culture and oral literature.
The effects of government polices during the years of apartheid can still be seen in the poverty of the Xhosa who still reside in the Eastern Cape. During this time, Xhosa males could only seek employment in the mining industry as so-called migrant labourers. Since the collapse of apartheid, individuals can move freely.
After the breakdown of apartheid, migration to Gauteng and Cape Town is increasingly common, especially amongst rural Xhosa people.

</doc>
<doc id="19997209" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997209" title="Acarodomatia">
Acarodomatia

Acarodomatia (singular "Acarodomatium") (Latin: "Acari" - mites, "domus" - dwelling), are tussocks of hairs or nonglandular trichomes located in pits situated in major leaf vein axes of many plant species, occupied and caused by predatory and mycophagous mites.

</doc>
<doc id="19997251" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997251" title="Gilbert de Lyvet">
Gilbert de Lyvet

Gilbert de Lyvet (died ca. 1244) was an early Anglo-Norman nobleman and merchant who became one of the earliest Mayors of Dublin. He donated extensive properties to the Cathedral of the Holy Trinity in Dublin, acted as witness for early gifts to the cathedral, and was a partisan for the Bigods, the de Clares, the de Lacys and other Norman magnates.
The birthplace of Gilbert de Lyvet is unknown, although he was likely born in Sussex, England, where the Levett family had their seat from about the time of the Norman Conquest. The family later became Lords of the Manor of Firle, Sussex, and received extensive grants of land across the south of England. They were sublords of the de Ferrers family, originating from the village of Livet in Normandy within the original de Ferrers barony.
Gilbert de Lyvet was a citizen of Dublin from 1229-1244. He served as Mayor of Dublin for four one-year terms, 1233–1234, 1235–1236, and was re-elected for a third term from 1236-1237. de Lyvet was frequently engaged in business in the city, and was a partisan of the most powerful Norman lords of Ireland. He was a witness to a 1210 gift by Isabel de Clare, 4th Countess of Pembroke to The Cathedral of the Holy Trinity, in honour of her father Richard de Clare, 2nd Earl of Pembroke, whose 'Strongbow' tomb is within the Cathedral. de Lyvet was also a merchant with wide trading interests, and old Irish records note that he often traded with France using his own ships. He is frequently in Latin charters relating to church business in Dublin.
de Lyvet acted in state matters involving the King of Connaught, the De Clares, the le Bruns, the De Burghs, Dermot MacMurrough, the Marshals and others. In 1234, de Lyvet and his wife also made gifts of land, including a "stone hall and cellars outside the King's gate" to the Holy Trinity Church, today's Cathedral of the Holy Trinity. de Lyvet and his wife lived in a stone hall not far from the church itself, "without the King's Gate." de Lyvet owned land on nearby Castle Street as well.
de Lyvet founded a family which succeeded him in Ireland, and for a time his became among the most powerful Anglo-Irish families. The patriarch mayor died before 1244, and he and his wife Sibilla are buried within Holy Trinity Church. Their daughter Elena is mentioned in the Register of the Hospital of St. John the Baptist in Dublin outside the New Gate. 
Philip de Livet, probably Gilbert's father but possibly a brother, was involved in a Dublin dispute in 1200 which escalated into violence. Involved were some of the most powerful Norman magnates including the le Brun Lusignan family, Robert de Winchester, William Warenne and others. A murder charge resulted from the fracas involving the group.
Geoffrey de Lyvet, likely Gilbert's son, owned a "great stone hall" in the city, according to contemporaneous records. Sir Philip de Lyvet, Knight, probably also a son of Gilbert, was identified in early records as a "kinsman" of William Brun, one of Dublin's most important citizens. In 1278, Sir Gilbert Lyvet, Knight, is listed in a petition of Maurice FitzMaurice to the King and Council. Sir Gilbert Lyvet was also an active businessman in the city. Reginald Lyvet, probably either a son or grandson of Gilbert, was named by Roger Bigod, 5th Earl of Norfolk and marshall of England, as Bigod's Irish attorney for the year in which Bigod would be away in Wales on the King's business.
Documents from the late twelfth and early thirteenth centuries show that the de Livet family was active in Ireland, frequently being named in Royal writs and orders. In September 1215, for instance, Gilbert de Livet was named in a Royal order requiring him and several others to go to the King of Connaught and collect fees and fines from him due to the English crown. Other documents from the same century show Philip de Livet, John de Livet and other members of the family frequently acting on behalf of the King, or deputized to adjudicate disputes. In one case, the King even commands Earl William Marshall of Ireland to permit a servant of Gilbert de Livet, citizen of Dublin, to retain a ship he had captured as part of the capture of La Rochelle, France. 
Subsequent documents over the next century saw the family's influence still strong. After Gilbert de Roche was beheaded for his betrayal for siding with the Scots in their Ireland invasion, for instance, the King ordered that all Roche's lands be turned over to John Lyvet.
"Gilbert de Lynet (Lyvet) was of sufficient importance to be Sheriff of Connaught from 1287 to 1289," according to "The History of the County of Mayo to the Close of the Sixteenth Century". "The family appear again as owners of half the castle and lands of Carn -- the other half owned by Carews -- and of the lands of Kincon, Ellagh, and Seehaunmore in Kilfian."
By 1302, John Lyvet was granted arms in Ireland, and in 1311 was appointed steward of Carlow with the keeping of Old Ros and the Isle of Hervey, as well as the Knights Templar's hamlet of Kilclogan in Wexford. (A branch of the Dublin Levett family apparently relocated to Waterford at some later date, as the first family member appears as mayor in the early seventeenth century.) In 1302 King Edward I of England issued a call to convene the magnates of Ireland to assist in an invasion against the Scots. John de Lyvet was one of the Irish nobles named in the writ.
The de Lyvet family were one of the earliest of the Anglo-Irish families, but unlike other early Normans like the de Burghs and the De Lacys, the Levetts seem to have been largely overlooked by historians. Perhaps the orthography made them difficult to trace: the spelling of the name varied wildly, including 'de Liuet,' By the seventeenth century, an Irishman named Levett had registered his coat of arms, and it was distinct from those of his English brethren, which was unsurprising given that the first Levetts who came to Ireland did so as heraldry was only beginning to come into use.

</doc>
<doc id="19997252" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997252" title="The Potbelleez (album)">
The Potbelleez (album)

The Potbelleez is the self-titled debut album by the Australian band The Potbelleez. The first two singles from "The Potbelleez", "Don't Hold Back", and "Are You with Me", were both smash hits. Other singles released include "Trouble Trouble" and "Duuurty Dreemz".
Charts.
The album debuted at No. 17 on 10 November, before falling 14 positions to No. 31.

</doc>
<doc id="19997263" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997263" title="Douala">
Douala

Douala is the largest city in Cameroon, the capital of Cameroon's Littoral Region and the richest city in the whole CEMAC region of six countries. Home to Cameroon's largest port and its major international airport, Douala International Airport, it is the commercial capital of the country. Consequently, it handles most of the country's major exports, such as oil, cocoa and coffee, timber, metals and fruits. As of 2010 the city and its surrounding area had an estimated population that surpassed 3,000,000 inhabitants. The city sits on the estuary of the Wouri River and its climate is tropical. Settlements had already existed on present-day Douala prior to the arrival of the Portuguese, British, and Germans; however, it was during the German colonization that the city began to develop rapidly as a commercial and political hub of the German colonial administration. During World War I a bitter battle was fought for control of Douala. The City surrendered to British and French forces on the 27th of September, 1914. A joint Anglo-French condominium governed the city until a comprehensive agreement ceded it (and much of Cameroon) to the French. After the independence of Cameroon, Douala has grown rapidly. Local industries, trade, and other opportunities have attracted an unprecedented influx of migrants, especially from the western region of Cameroon. People from other countries in the region have also permanently settled in the city; they include Nigerians, Chadians, and Malians. In recent times city authorities have been overwhelmed by rapidly increasing population; services are stretched and there is an urgent need to enhance the city's ability to cope with the rapid growth.
Douala is the 27th most expensive city in the world and the most expensive in Africa, overtaking Lagos, Nigeria at 32nd. It is ranked 27th for 2009, up from 34th in 2008. In 2007 it was ranked 24th in the world and 1st in Africa. Douala is the first city in tropical Africa to have a piped natural gas supply (presently serving only industrial customers).
History.
The first Europeans to visit the area were the Portuguese in about 1472. At the time the estuary of the Wouri River is known as the "Rio dos Camarõns". By 1650, it had become the site of a town formed by immigrants from the interior who spoke the Douala language. And during the 18th century it was center of the transatlantic slave trade. 
In 1826 Douala appears to be made of four different villages located in four specific locations: the village of Deido (Dido), of Akwa, of Njo and Hickory-town (today Bonaberi located on the other side of the Wouri river).
Between 1884 and 1895 the city was under the German protectorate. The colonial politics focus on commerce and some explorations of the territory without the occupation. In 1885 Alfred Saker organises the first mission of the British Baptist Church and in the same year the city known as Kamerun is renamed Douala and it becomes the capital of the protectorate until 1902, when the capital is moved to Buéa. 
In 1907 the Ministry of Colonies is established and Douala has 23'000 citizens.
After World War I, in 1919, the German colonial territories become French and British colonies. France receives a mandate to administer Douala; a treaty is signed with the local chiefs. 
From 1940 to 1946, it was the capital of Cameroon. In 1955 the city has over 100'000 inhabitants.
In 1960 Cameroon is independent and it becomes a federal republic, with its capital in Yaoundé. Douala comes the major economic city. In 1972 the federal republic comes a unified State. Douala has a population of around 500'000 inhabitants.
In the Eighties grows in Cameroon the struggle for liberalization and multi-partitism; between May and December 1991 Douala is at the centre of the civil disobedience campaign called the ghost town operation ("ville morte") during which economic activities shut down to make the country ungovernable and to force the government to allow multi-partitiesm and freedom of expression.
Name.
With the arrival of the Portuguese in the 15th century, the area is known as "Rio dos Camarõns". Before coming under German rule in 1884, the town was also known as Cameroons Town; thereafter it became Kamerunstadt ("Camaroon City"), the capital of German Kamerun. It was renamed Douala in 1907 after the name of the natives known as Dua ala Ijaws ( Njos ) and became part of the French Cameroons in 1919. Many of the Ijaw ( Njo ) natives migrated to the Niger Delta in Nigeria during the Portuguese era.
Geography.
The city is located on the banks of the Wouri River, the two sides linked by Bonaberi Bridge.
Cityscape.
The city of Douala is divided into 7 districts (Akwa, Bassa, Bonabéri, Bonapriso, Bonanjo, Deïdo and New Bell) and it has more than 120 neighborhoods. Akwa is Douala's business district and Bonanjo its administrative district. "Plateau Joss" is the name used historically to call the current district of Akwa. The name of the districts refer to the Douala lineage, as well as the neighborhoods. For example Akwa was historically divided between Bell and Deido into Bonadibong, Bonamilengue, Boneleke, Bonalembe, Bonejang, Bonamuti, Bonabekombo, Bonaboijan, Bonakuamuang; the prefix "bona" means "descendent of".
Architecture.
According to Jacques Soulillou, historical images of Douala document the areas of Akwa (Plateau Joss) and the port between 1860 and 1960, while the district of Bonaberi, Deido and New Bell have almost no images. The archives which provide documentation about the city are based in Paris, Basel, Hamburg, Potsdam, Douala and Yaoundé.
The Native Baptist Church is built 1849. In 1896 a first urban plan of the city is developed during the German colonial period. The plan includes an hospital, the governor residency, the palace of justice, the police station, administrative buildings and buildings for the port and customs (among those the Old Woermann Linie Bachelors House). Also the Bonakouamouang Chimney dates back to this period. In 1904 starts the construction of the Villa Mandessi Bell, in 1905 the palace of the King Manga Ndumbe Bell (also called la Pagode) is built and in 1906 the general plan of Gross Douala is established. In 1914 the large population living in Bonanjo is moved to the new estate of Neue Bell (New Bell). 
Between 1925 and 1930, during the French colonial period, the chamber of commerce, the new palace of justice, the new railway station, the vault of the Kings Bell and the catholic cathedral of Saints Peter and Paul are built. Constructions are intensified between 1930 and 1955 and in 1955 the bridge on the Wouri River is built. In 1935 the Mausoleum of the Kings Akwa is constructed. In 1947 the Temple of the Centenary is build. In 1959 a new city plan is designed (Plan Dorian); according to Danièle Diwouta-Kotto, this plan is still influencing Douala urban development. After the independence of 1960 a new development and urban plan is established and in 1998 a research prepares the diagnostic for 2015 horizon. In 2005 a new development and urban plan is designed and routes and public canalizations are reestablished and created. In the same year the Project Sawa-Beach is launched 
Since 1888 terracotta bricks are produced in Douala.
The publication "Suites architecturales" focuses on heritage and reappropriation in the architecture of Douala and it presents some of the characteristics of the buildings and architecture of Douala after its independence. Among those buildings the Casino, the Show-room La Meublerie, the Exhibition hall Cami-Toyota, Union Bank of Cameroon, Immeuble Hollando, the Baptist Church, Immeuble Victoria, Headquarters CA-SCB, espace doual'art, Orange Flagship. The Palace Dika Akwa Mukanda is built in 1990.
Climate.
Douala features a tropical monsoon climate (Köppen climate classification "Am"), with relatively constant temperatures throughout the course of the year. The city typically features warm and humid conditions with an average annual temperature of and an average humidity of 85%. Douala sees plentiful rainfall during the course of the year, experiencing on average roughly of precipitation of rainfall per year. Its driest month is December where on average of precipitation falls while its wettest month is August when on average nearly of rain falls.
Culture and contemporary life.
Along the city's main thoroughfare lie some of Cameroon's best restaurants, coffee houses and French-style patisseries; along the waterfront, many bars and bistros may be found, commanding views of the Gulf of Guinea and nearby mangrove swamps. Many of these are frequented by the city's large expatriate population, mainly French or Lebanese, most of whom work in the petroleum industry.
Education.
As in most large cities in Cameroon there are several nursery, primary, secondary and high schools in the city. In recent years there has been a surge in the number of private schools. More parents turn to send their kids to these schools considering the fairly elevated standards of the way they are managed. The city has a vibrant academic population which is visible during morning rush hours. In is interesting to note that there is also a large informal educational sector that caters for a huge part of the population; mostly individuals with primary school certificate or those with no education at all. This form of education is common in sectors like cloth manufacture, bread making, construction, security, car repair. Individuals from this these informal sector are by far the most visible in deprive neighborhoods’ such as Bonaberi, Ndokoti, Bepanda, Village, Logbaba.
The city of Douala is home to a number of higher education institutions including the University of Douala. There are also a number of professional school the most prominent being the Douala Maritime institute. Douala has an aviation school called CAE Oxford Aviation Academy Douala. The city of Douala is however mostly a commercial city hence education is not underscored like in other cities
Transportation.
Douala is linked by rail to Yaoundé, Ngaoundéré, Kumba and Nkongsamba. Douala has a fairly developed road network compared to other cities in Cameroon. However much of the city's road decayed due to years of neglect and corruption. Efforts have been made recently to renovate the cities road especially in the most deprived neighborhoods. 
The Douala International Airport is located in the eastern part of the city. There are direct flights to several European cities including Paris, Brussels, Lyon. Regional and continental destinations include Abidjan, Lagos, Dakar, Kinshasa, Johannesburg, Nairobi. The Douala International is the busiest in the CEMAC area and is the hub for Cameroon's national carrier Camairco. 
The seaport has 8.5m of draft.

</doc>
<doc id="19997267" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997267" title="Jean Riachi (banker)">
Jean Riachi (banker)

Jean Riachi (born in 1963) is the founder and current CEO and Chairman of the Board of FFA Private Bank, Lebanon's largest investment bank.
He founded the company in 1994 as a regulated Financial institution. In 2007, the Company was granted a banking license, 
Jean Riachi is also the Chairman of FFA Dubai, the first Lebanese Financial Institution to get a license from the DFSA in the Dubai International Financial Center (DIFC).
Early life and education.
Jean Riachi graduated from HEC Paris business school in 1985.
Other.
Member of the Committee in charge of drafting the new Lebanese Financial Markets Law 
Founding member of the Bader NGO 
Board member of the Lebanese American Chamber of Commerce (AMCHAM Lebanon).
President of the Faraya Ski Club

</doc>
<doc id="19997333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997333" title="Tallebudgera, Queensland">
Tallebudgera, Queensland

Tallebudgera (meaning "good fish"), originally known as Maybree, is a suburb of the Australian city of Gold Coast. The Tallebudgera Creek forms the westernmost and north-east border of Tallebudgera and also bisects Tallebudgera.
The traditional owners were the Tul-gi-gin people. of Australian Aborigines, Indigenous Australians now account for just 0.8% of the population of Tallebudgera, only one third of the national average of 2.3%.
Heritage listings.
Tallebudgera has a number of heritage-listed sites, including:

</doc>
<doc id="19997342" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997342" title="California Penal Code section 597t">
California Penal Code section 597t

Section 597t of the Penal Code of California is a California State criminal law which requires that animals confined in enclosed areas be provided with an adequate exercise area. Even though this section of the Penal Code does not define “adequate exercise area”, it would seem to prohibit the confinement of calves in veal crates, as well as the confinement of hens in battery cages and the confinement of sows in gestation crates. However, this law seems to have never been enforced. 
There is not a single court case in California where a defendant was found guilty of or even prosecuted for violating 597t. Because this law has never been applied in a court case, there is no precedential standard according to which animal confinement may be judged. Since 597t is a criminal law, it may not be enforced by private entities through civil action, and may only be enforced by a public prosecutor filing a criminal action, or by corporations formed for the prevention of cruelty to animals under Corporations Code section 10400.
Text.
The statute reads as:
Court Cases.
Three California cases cite 597t. However, the courts in all these cases refrain from determining whether the concerned animal farming practice violates this statute.
"Farm Sanctuary, Inc. v. Corcpork, Inc.".
Farm Sanctuary claimed that Corcpork’s use of gestation crates violates Pen. Code section 597t and thus constitutes an unfair business practice under Business and Professions Code sections 17200 et. seq. In "Farm Sanctuary, Inc. v. Corcpork, Inc.", 2007 Cal. Unpub. LEXIS 634, the court refused to hear Farm Sanctuary’s claim that violations under 597t constitute unfair business practice under B&PC 17200. According to California Proposition 64 (2004), an individual or group may only sue for unfair business practices if that individual or group has suffered actual injury and has lost money or property as a result of unfair competition. The court issued summary judgment in favor of Corcpork, and did not address whether the confinement of sows in gestation crates violates 597t.
"Humane Society of the United States v. State Bd. of Equalization".
Under the Code of Civil Procedure section 526(a), any individual taxpayer or group of taxpayers may seek a judgment restraining wasteful government expenditures. Wasteful government expenditures are understood as government funding for illegal activities. The Humane Society of the United States sued the California State Board of Equalization, arguing that sales tax exemptions for battery cages are illegal government expenditures in that they enable factory farmers to confine hens in a way that violates Pen. Code section 597t. However, in "Humane Society of the United States v. State Bd. of Equalization", 152 Cal. App. 4th 349 (2007), the court ruled that sales tax exemptions for battery cages are not illegal and so do not constitute wasteful government expenditures under Code Civ. Proc. section 526(a). The court did not address whether battery cages violate Pen. Code section 597t.
"Animal Legal Defense Fund v. Mendes".
Animal Legal Defense Fund (ALDF) sued Victor L. Mendes for confining calves in veal crates, which ALDF considered to be a violation of Pen. Code 597t. In Animal Legal Defense Fund v. Mendes, 160 Cal. App. 4th 136 (2008), the court ruled that ALDF had no private right to enforce 597t through civil action. Since 597t is a criminal law, it may only be enforced by a public prosecutor, or by a private corporation which meets particular standards. The court did not address whether the confinement of calves in veal crates violates 597t.
There are two ways in which private entities may initiate legal action against persons who violate anticruelty criminal laws. One way is through Section 10400 corporations. According to Corporations Code section 10400, a corporation may be formed for the purpose of preventing cruelty to animals, and may pursue legal action against anyone for violating anti-cruelty laws. The articles of incorporation for these corporations are to be filed with the Secretary of State and endorsed by the Department of Justice or by a judge of the superior court of the county in which the principal office of the corporation is located. Only these corporations may apply for appointment of humane officers whose duty it is to enforce laws for the prevention of cruelty to animals.
Private persons and corporations who are not incorporated under Corp. Code section 10400 may initiate legal action against persons who violate anticruelty criminal laws by making a complaint under oath to a magistrate authorized to issue warrants in criminal cases. A magistrate who receives a complaint alleging ongoing or potential animal abuse in a particular location must issue a warrant to a sheriff, police officer, or officer of a Section 10400 corporation, authorizing him or her to enter and search the building mentioned in the complaint and to arrest any person there who is violating, or intending to violate, anticruelty laws.
The ALDF is not a Section 10400 corporation. Its articles of incorporation were not endorsed by the Department of Justice or by a judge of any superior court for the purpose of giving it quasi-governmental powers described in Section 10400. Since it is not a Section 10400 corporation, it does not have a humane officer who is authorized to pursue legal action against violators of anticruelty criminal laws. The ALDF did not make a complaint before a magistrate authorized to issue warrants. Because this case is not initiated by a Section 10400 corporation, or by a complaint made before a magistrate, it does not fall under any of the methods of enforcement provided by law.

</doc>
<doc id="19997353" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997353" title="United States presidential transition">
United States presidential transition

A presidential transition or presidential interregnum refers to the period of time between the end of a presidential election and the inauguration of a new President of a country. During this time the incoming President usually designates new government personnel, including selecting new Cabinet positions and government department or agency heads.
In the United States, during a presidential transition, the outgoing "lame duck" President has lost many of the intangible benefits of a Presidency (e.g., being perceived as the default leader on issues of national importance) but the incoming President-elect is not yet legally empowered to effect policy. This ambiguity in the roles of the President-elect and outgoing President creates the potential for a leadership vacuum, which may be most acutely felt during wartime or times of economic crisis. 
Notable transitions.
Perhaps the most disastrous transition in US history was the 1860-1861 transition from the administration of James Buchanan to that of Abraham Lincoln. Buchanan held the opinion that states did not have the right to secede, but that it was also illegal for the Federal government to go to war to stop them. Between November 6, 1860 and March 4, 1861, seven states seceded and conflict between secessionist and federal forces began, leading to the American Civil War between the Northern and Southern states.
The Presidential transition period at the end of the administration of Herbert Hoover, prior to the inauguration of Franklin D. Roosevelt (November 8, 1932 — March 4, 1933) was a notably difficult transition period. After the election, Roosevelt refused Hoover's requests for a meeting to come up with a joint program to stop the downward spiral and calm investors claiming it would tie his hands, and as this "guaranteed that Roosevelt took the oath of office amid such an atmosphere of crisis that Hoover had become the most hated man in America. During this period of essentially leaderless government, the U.S. economy ground to a halt as thousands of banks failed. The relationship between Hoover and Roosevelt was one of the most strained between Presidents ever. While Hoover had little good to say about his successor, there was little he could do. FDR, however, supposedly could and did engage in various petty official acts aimed at his predecessor, ranging from dropping him from the White House birthday greetings message list to having Hoover's name struck from the Hoover Dam along the Colorado River border, which would officially be known only as Boulder Dam for many years to come.
The transition between Bill Clinton and George W. Bush was marred by accusations of "damage, theft, vandalism and pranks". The General Accounting Office (GAO) estimated the cost of those pranks at $13,000 to $14,000. However, they note that similar pranks were reported in prior transitions, including the one from Bush's father to Clinton in 1993. Press secretary Ari Fleischer followed up the GAO report with a White House-produced list of alleged vandalism including removal of the W key from keyboards. The Clintons were also accused of keeping for themselves gifts meant for the White House. The Clintons denied the accusations, but agreed to pay more than $85,000 for gifts given to the first family "to eliminate even the slightest question" of impropriety.
The transition between Bush and Barack Obama was considered seamless, with Bush granting Obama's request to ask Congress to release $350 billion of bank bailout funds. At the start of his inaugural speech, Obama praised Bush "for his service to our nation, as well as the generosity and co-operation he has shown throughout this transition". At exactly 12:01 pm on January 20, 2009, the White House website removed most material relating to the Bush White House, including archives of speeches, press briefings, announcements, videos and other news. This was described by some as a "new inaugural tradition spawned by the Internet-age".
Process.
In the United States, the presidential transition extends from the day of the US presidential election (which occurs in November), until the 20th day of January as specified in the Twentieth Amendment. The presidential transition is regulated by "The Presidential Transition Act of 1963 (P.L. 88-277)", amended by "The Presidential Transitions Effectiveness Act of 1998 (P.L. 100-398)" and "The Presidential Transition Act of 2000 (P.L. 106-293)". The Act as amended directs the Administrator of General Services to provide facilities, funding of approximately five million dollars, access to government services, and support for a transition team, and to provide training and orientation of new government personnel and other procedures to ensure an orderly transition.
The President-elect will also usually appoint a 'presidential transition team' (sometimes even before the presidential election) to prepare for a smooth transfer of power following the presidential inauguration.

</doc>
<doc id="19997383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997383" title="1943 Tottori earthquake">
1943 Tottori earthquake

The occurred in Tottori prefecture, Japan at 17:36 local time on September 10, 1943. Although the earthquake occurred during World War II, information about the disaster was surprisingly uncensored, and relief volunteers and supplies came from many parts of the Japanese empire, including Manchukuo.
The Tottori earthquake had its epicenter offshore from Ketaka District, now part of Tottori, and registered a magnitude of 7.2 on the Richter Scale. The seismic intensity was recorded as 6 in Tottori city, and 5 as far away as Okayama on the Inland Sea. The center of Tottori city, with many antiquated buildings was the hardest hit, with an estimated 80% of its structures damaged or destroyed. As the earthquake struck in the evening when most kitchens had fires lit in preparation for the evening meal, fires broke out in 16 locations around the city. With water mains damaged, citizens formed bucket brigades to prevent fires from spreading; however, the death toll was 1083 killed, including numerous Zainichi Koreans working in the nearby Aragane Copper Mines. The earthquake is noteworthy for seismologists due to reports of the appearance of earthquake lights immediately preceding the main shock.
Two magnitude 6.2 earthquakes had occurred in the same area earlier that year on March 4 and 5, but did not do significant damage.

</doc>
<doc id="19997406" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997406" title="Ari Jayaprakash">
Ari Jayaprakash

Ari Jayaprakash (born Wellington, India 11 March 1977) is an Indian artist and photographer. He is associated with the Indian Underground art movement which often includes social and political commentary. He is also the creator of The Kuru Chronicles.

</doc>
<doc id="19997410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997410" title="DeSoto DeSoto">
DeSoto DeSoto

The DeSoto was DeSoto's only model in 1961, and their last vehicle. It was available as a two- or four-door hardtop. It was essentially a Chrysler Newport with a DeSoto front end. Base power came from the 361 2bbl. It sold only about 3,000 units.
For 1962, the Dodge 880 essentially replaced the DeSoto DeSoto as the bridge gap between the Dodge Polara and Chrysler Newport.

</doc>
<doc id="19997444" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997444" title="Dragon Li">
Dragon Li

Physical characteristics.
The Dragon Li displays a unique golden brown, broken mackerel (also known as broken striped) tabby pattern, distinctive ear tipping, large round almond shaped luminescent yellow/green eyes, and a strong full bodied stature reminiscent of its wild nature. The Dragon Li is valued for its unmistakable intelligence, an uncanny cognizance in relation to its surroundings, and its ability to interact perspicuously with humans.
Origin.
The eponymous Dragon Li is thought to be a natural self-domesticating breed by way of the wild cat subspecies, Chinese mountain cat (Felis silvestris bieti). While this theory is still somewhat controversial, it has also not been scientifically disproven, and is therefore widely accepted as the origin of this breed within established breeding sources in China. The Chinese character interpretation is based on a legendary description rather than a fully accurate contemporary portrayal of the Dragon Li, and as a result, the breed has been confused with that of the wild fox by the Chinese. For this reason the literal translated characters for Li Hua Mao read as 狸 as in fox(狐狸), 花 for flower pattern, and 猫 for cat. This Chinese character description was and is based on what was believed to be the best interpretation before modern western feline terminology became the standard, i.e. a 'flower pattern' versus a tabby pattern.
Although Li Hua Mao is the more prevalent name for the breed in China, more recently, the name Chinese Li Hua and Dragon Li have been utilized internationally to reflect the symbolic nature of China relevant to the mythical Chinese dragon.
Popularity.
In 2003 the Dragon Li debuted as an experimental breed class in Beijing, China December 30, 2003 - January 6, 2004 [http://members.shaw.ca/bjbelanger/China.htm] Allbreed Judges Dolores Kennedy & Barb Belanger of the American Cat Fanciers Association (ACFA) were guests of the Cat Aficionado Association (CAA) and judged the event.
In 2005 an ideal male example ('Needy') [http://www.029pet.com/Html/cwjw/154200450.html] presented by its owner Da Han, was shown and won its class as 1st place CAA champion per an official breed standard. The event was judged by John Douglas Blackmore of the ACFA. In February 2010 the Li Hua was accepted for showing in the miscellaneous class with Cat Fanciers Association (CFA), and is now acknowledged as an officially recognized breed by CFA. Since gaining international recognition, and due in part to its limited availability, the Dragon Li / Chinese Li Hua has now become a focus of attention the world over.
In popular culture, the Chinese literary legend "Li Mao Huan Tai Zi" (The Cat for Crown Prince Conspiracy) utilizes a Li Hua Mao as its central theme, and has more recently served as the basis for a China-based television series. [http://sensasian.com/product.php/en/V4906]

</doc>
<doc id="19997450" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997450" title="Ron Klimkowski">
Ron Klimkowski

Ronald Bernard Klimkowski (March 1, 1944 – November 13, 2009) was a baseball player born in Jersey City, New Jersey. He was a right-handed Major League Baseball pitcher and junkball specialist. He played for the New York Yankees (–, ) and the Oakland Athletics () during his career.
Klimkowski attended college at Morehead State University for only one year. He was the first graduate of Clarke High School in Westbury, New York, to play in the major leagues.
Career.
Before the 1964 season, Ron Klimkowski was signed by the Boston Red Sox as an amateur free agent. On August 8, 1967, he was sent by the Boston Red Sox to the New York Yankees to complete an earlier deal made on August 3, 1967. The Boston Red Sox traded Pete Magrini to the New York Yankees for Elston Howard. Klimkowski was traded to the New York Yankees by the Boston Red Sox to complete the trade. Klimkowski made his major league debut on September 15, 1969. On that day, the Detroit Tigers were playing against the New York Yankees at Yankee Stadium ballpark with 5,734 people attending the game. Klimkowski was called to replace Tom Shopay pitching and batting 9th at the top of the seventh inning. He pitched three full innings. At the bottom of the ninth inning, Dave McDonald was called to pinch hit for Klimkowski batting 9th. At the end of the game, the New York Yankees lost the game 2–1. On April 9, 1971, he was traded by the New York Yankees with Rob Gardner to the Oakland Athletics for Felipe Alou. On May 22, 1972, he was released by the Oakland Athletics and on the same day was signed again with the New York Yankees. Klimkowski played his last Major League Baseball game on September 22, 1972. He died of heart failure at Plainview Hospital in Plainview, New York on November 13, 2009 at the age of 65.

</doc>
<doc id="19997455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997455" title=".219 Zipper">
.219 Zipper

The .219 Zipper cartridge was created by Winchester Repeating Arms in 1937 to be used in their lever-action Model 64 rifle. It is a 30-30 Winchester cartridge necked down to a .22 caliber bullet. Marlin Firearms also offered their Marlin Model 336 rifle (Marlin 336 Zipper) chambered for the cartridge.
While the .219 Zipper was supposed to compete against other varmint cartridges of the time, most lever-action rifles use tubular magazines, which prohibit the use of pointed bullets. This led to problems with accuracy. Winchester stopped producing .219 Zipper ammunition in 1962, Remington Arms stopped production of the cartridge soon afterwards. The .219 Zipper is the parent case of the .219 Donaldson Wasp, and P.O. Ackley created the .219 Zipper Improved in 1937. Leslie Lindahl's "Chucker" and "Super-chucker" and "wildcat" case modifications by Hervey Lovell, Lysle Kilbourne, and W. F. Vickery offered similarly superior ballistics in stronger single-shot and bolt actions.
Though the flat- or round-nosed slug causes rapid loss of velocity, the .219 Zipper is suitable for small game or varmints, including wolf or coyote, but not deer. It works well in guns designed to fire rimmed ammunition, such as rebarreled Lee-Enfields, but not in Mauser-type actions, which are not.
Note.
The ballistics data in the infobox are for maximum loads, as determined by the writers for Accurate Arms. This was based upon the Winchester Model 64 rifle being chambered in .25-35 WCF and .30-30 Winchester rather than SAAMI specifications. The Hornady & Speer pointed bullets should not be used in the Model 64 rifle, the authors are using a custom rifle with a Douglas made barrel.

</doc>
<doc id="19997470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997470" title="Birendra Kumar Bhattacharya">
Birendra Kumar Bhattacharya

Dr. Birendra Kumar Bhattacharya (1924 – 6 August 1997) was a famous Indian writer and one of the pioneers of modern Assamese Literature. He was first ever recipient of the Jnanpith Award given to an Bengali/Assamese writer, in the year 1979 for his novel "Mrityunjay" (Immortal). He was also a recipient of Sahitya Akademi Award in Assamese in 1961 for his Assamese novel "Iyaruingom"(Iyaruingam), which is considered a masterpiece of Indian literature. In 2005, a translation published by Katha Books as "Love in the Time of Insurgency" was released. Another famous novel written by Dr. Bhattacharya is "Aai(Mother)".
He was the President of Asam Sahitya Sabha (Assam Literary Society) during 1983-1985.

</doc>
<doc id="19997507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997507" title="United States Army Installation Management Command">
United States Army Installation Management Command

The United States Army Installation Management Command supports the United States Army's warfighting mission by working to provide standardized, effective & efficient services, facilities and infrastructure to Soldiers, Civilians and Families. IMCOM's vision statement is: Army installations are the DoD standard for infrastructure quality and are the provider of consistent, quality services that are a force multiplier in supported organizations' mission accomplishment, and materially enhance Soldier and Family well-being and readiness.
IMCOM is headquartered in San Antonio, TX on Fort Sam Houston. IMCOM's headquarters relocated in October, 2010 from Arlington, Virginia as part of the Base Realignment and Closure Act of 2005.
History.
The United States Army Installation Management Command (IMCOM), was activated on 24 Oct. 2006, to reduce bureaucracy, apply a uniform business structure to manage U.S. Army installations, sustain the environment and enhance the well-being of the military community. It consolidated three organizations under a single command as a direct reporting unit:
Prior to the Installation Management Command, the Army's 184 installations were managed by one of 15 Major Commands. Support services varied – some provided better services, some provided worse. In September 2001, Army Secretary Thomas E. White introduced the Transformation of Installation Management (TIM), formerly known as Centralized Installation Management (CIM), pledging the Army would implement better business practices and realign installation management to create a more efficient and effective corporate management structure for Army installations worldwide. On 1 Oct. 2002, the Army formed IMA as a field operating agency of the Assistant Chief of Staff for Installation Management (ACSIM) as part of an ongoing effort to realign installations.
Many of the issues with the 15 major commands (List of Major Commands of the United States Army) holding responsibility for base support was that the structure created many inequities throughout the Army. There were no common standards, consistent services or an acutely managed infrastructure. This created an environment where funding was often diverted from installation support to operations. Additionally, there were too many military personnel conducting garrison support operations rather than mission duties. The creation of IMCOM was a commitment to eliminate these inequities, focus on installation management and enhance the well-being of Soldiers, Families and Civilians.
Centralizing installation management was a culture change in the Army; working through the transfers of personnel and funding issues was difficult. In a large organizational change, IMCOM became the Army’s single agency responsible for worldwide installation management, managing 184 Army installations globally with a staff of 120,000 military, civilian and contract members across seven regions on four continents.
Army Family Covenant.
The Army Family Covenant is the Army’s statement of commitment to provide high quality services to Soldiers – Active component or Reserve components, single or married, regardless of where they serve – and their Families.
The Installation Management Command supports the Army Family Covenant and provides a set of tools Soldiers and Army Families can use to locate and access the facilities and services they need.
"We recognize the commitment and increasing sacrifices that our families are making every day.
We recognize the strength of our Soldiers comes from the strength of their families.
We are committed to providing our families a strong, supportive environment where they can thrive.
We are committed to building a partnership with Army families that enhances their strength and resilience.
We are committed to improving family readiness by:
IMCOM today.
IMCOM currently manages:
Regions.
The regions administered by the United States Army Installation Management Command are:

</doc>
<doc id="19997547" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997547" title="Accordion music genres">
Accordion music genres

The accordion has is in a wide variety of musical genres, mainly in traditional and popular music. In some regions, such as Europe and North-America it is has become mainly restricted to traditional, folk and ethnic music. In other regions such as Brazil, it is a fixture popular music styles as Sertanejo and Forró.
In art music it is used in jazz music, an important exponent haveing been the north-american accordionist Frank Marocco and in transcriptions from the operatic and light-classical music repertoire.
Use in traditional music.
After the invention of the accordion in 1829, its popularity spread throughout the world, in no small measure due to the polka craze. "Once the polka became a craze in Paris and London during the spring of 1844, it diffused rapidly to the rest of the world. . . . In March 1844, polka-mania took Paris: common people, servants, workers and, one assumes, anyone else who wasn't too stuffy were dancing the polka in the streets of the capital and soon in Bordeaux and other French cities as well. A week or so later it took London by storm. And from these two great centers of fashion, empire, and influence, the polka diffused rapidly upward into the rest of French and English society and outward to the rest of the world." 
Except for a brief moment in time during the 1830s and 1840s when the accordion was heard by French aristocracy during Salon music concerts, the instrument has always been associated with the common people. The accordion was spread across the globe by the waves of Europeans who emigrated to various parts of the world in the late 19th century and early 20th century.
The mid-19th-century accordion became a favorite of folk musicians for several reasons: "The new instrument's popularity the common masses was a result of its unique qualities. Firstly, it was much louder than all the older folk instruments put together. It could easily be heard in even the wildest pub above the stomping of dancing feet. It was also the prototype of a 'one man band' with bass and chords on the left-hand side and buttons for the melody on the right, and you could still sing along and beat the rhythm with your feet. The instrument needed no tuning and was always ready to play, but the most ingenious thing about the early one-row squeezebox was that you couldn't play it really badly. Even if you lost the melody it still sounded fine." 
Since its invention, the accordion has become popularly integrated into a lot of varying traditional music styles all over the world, ranging from the European polka and the Colombian Vallenato to Korean trot music. See the list of traditional music styles that incorporate the accordion. Although rarely seen many early bigband (swing bands like Glenn Miller's) scores have the Piano part marked "Piano/Piano Accordion"
Sometimes, certain traditional music styles may even be tied to a certain type of accordion, like the Schrammel accordion for Schrammelmusik or the Trikitixa for Basque music. It would be hard to name one country in which the accordion did not play a significant role in its music tradition. It has even been idealized in literature.
Use in popular music.
The accordion was heard frequently in popular music beginning around 1910 until about 1960. With rise of the popularity of the guitar (in particular the electric guitar) and rock music, the popularity of the accordion in pop music in Europe and North-America declined strongly. In some countries however, such as Brazil, the accordion continues to be a fixture in pop music and its popularity is undiminished.
This half century is often called the "Golden Age of the Accordion." Three players, more than any others, inaugurated this era of popularity for the instrument, all Italian immigrants to the United States: Pietro Frosini, and the two brothers Count Guido Deiro and Pietro Deiro. All three players were celebrities on the Vaudeville circuits and performed throughout North America, Europe and Australia during the age of Vaudeville. They recorded hundreds of 78 RPM records for the Victor Talking Machine Company, Columbia Records, Decca Records, Edison Records and Cylinders, and other labels. Guido Deiro was the most successful and famous accordionist during the 1910s and 1920s, and lived a life filled with celebrity, luxury, fast cars, and fast women. Many popular bands, such as the Paul Whiteman Orchestra, employed staff accordionists.
After most Vaudeville theaters closed during the Great Depression, accordionists still found work during the 1930s-1950s teaching and performing for radio. Charles Magnante is considered one of the greatest American popular accordionists. At the peak of his career, he played 30 live radio broadcasts and eight studio sessions each week. Another great popular American accordionist was Dick Contino, who toured with the Horace Heidt Orchestra and was billed as the "world's greatest accordion player." He appeared on The Ed Sullivan Show a record 48 times. In addition, John Serry, Sr. achieved national recognition on tour with Shep Fields and His Rippling Rhythm jazz orchestra during the 1930s, concertized on the CBS radio and television networks in the 1940s and
1950s and appeared in the Broadway Theatre during the 1950s and 1960s. During the 1950s through the 1980s the accordion received great exposure on television with performances by Myron Floren—the accordionist with Lawrence Welk—on the Lawrence Welk Show. However, with the advent of rock 'n roll and the generation gap in the late 1950s and early 1960s, the accordion declined in popularity, as the younger generation considered it "square"—epitomizing the light-hearted music of their parents and grandparents.
In Europe and North-America, in contemporary mainstream pop music (see youth culture), the use of the accordion is usually considered exotic or old-fashioned. Nevertheless, some popular acts do use the instrument in their distinctive sounds. See the list of popular music acts that incorporate the accordion.
This is not case in some countries, such as Brazil, where the accordion is a fixture in maintstream popular music (evidenced by mainstream groups such as Falamansa, Michel Teló, Avioes do Forró). The instrument is commonly learned by teenagers and enjoys a similar popularity as the guitar and in some regions (such as the North-East, where it is called sanfona) surpasses the guitar in popularity among the youth. In Brazil, however, the accordion uses normally a very dry tuning, which dissociates it from the wetter sound found in European folk music.
The instrument was also used in the Disney song "Whale of a Tale" from 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea, as well as Donald Duck's song, ""Quack Quack Quack"". It was used in a Christmas setting for the song ""Nuttin' for Christmas"".
The composer Tomohito Nishiura frequently uses the accordion in the Professor Layton series of games, for example in ""Laboratory"" or ""Don Paolo's Theme"". However, when 'Live Versions' of the soundtracks are released, the accordion is occasionally replaced (such as in ""London 3"" from Professor Layton and the Unwound Future). Every 'theme' for a game uses the accordion in some capacity.
The accordion has been a primary instrument in Mexican style music. Since the late 19th century, Tejano music has emerged as one of the leading genres for the instrument in America. Pioneers such as Narciso Martínez gave the instrument ataple in the cultural music of Mexican American people.Central to the evolution of early Tejano music was the blend of traditional forms such as the Corrido and Mariachi, and Continental European styles, such as Polka, introduced by German and Czech settlers in the late 19th century. In particular, the accordion was adopted by Tejano folk musicians at the turn of the 20th century, and it became a popular instrument for amateur musicians in Texas and Northern Mexico. Small bands known as orquestas, featuring amateur musicians, became a staple at community dances.
It is a traditional instrument in Brazilian music, specifically baião on northeast. Luiz Gonzaga is called the king of baião.
Various folk metal and viking metal bands that have formed in the 1990s and first decade of the 21st century feature accordions.
Use in classical music.
Although the accordion is best known primarily as a folk instrument, it has been used with increasing frequency by classical composers. The earliest surviving concert piece written for the accordion is "", written in 1836 by Miss Louise Reisner of Paris, an accordionist and amateur composer.
The Russian composer Piotr Ilyitch Tchaikovsky included four optional single-action diatonic accordions in his "Orchestral Suite No. 2 in C Major, op. 53" (1883), simply to add a little color to the third movement: "Scherzo burlesque".
The Italian composer Umberto Giordano included the single-action diatonic accordion in his opera "Fedora" (1898). The accordionist appears on-stage—along with a folk-trio consisting of a piccolo player and triangle player—three times in the third act (which is set in Switzerland), to accompany a short and simple song which is sung by a little Savoyard (Alpine shepherd).
In 1915, the American composer Charles Ives included a chorus of diatonic accordions (or concertinas —along with two pianos, celesta, harp, organ, zither and an optional theremin—in his "Orchestral Set No. 2". The accordion part—written for the right-hand only—consists of eighteen measures at the very end of the eighteen-minute-long three-movement work. All the above works were written for the diatonic button accordion.
The first composer to write specifically for the chromatic accordion (able to play all 12 notes of the chromatic scale) was Paul Hindemith. In 1921 he included the harmonium in "Kammermusik No. 1", a chamber work in four movements for twelve players, but later rewrote the harmonium part for accordion. Other German composers also wrote for the accordion.
In 1922, Austrian composer Alban Berg included a short on-stage accordion part in his landmark opera Wozzeck, Op. 7. The instrument—marked "Ziehharmonika bzw. Akkordeon" in the score appears only during the tavern garden ("wirthausgarten") scene, along with an on-stage ("Bühnenmusik") ensemble consisting of two fiddles (violins tuned up a tone), one clarinet in C, one guitar and one bombardon in F (or bass tuba), to lend a touch of authenticity to the "deutsche Biergarten" setting.
Notable composers who wrote for the accordion during the first half of the 20th century were:
Pauline Oliveros brought the accordion into the American expirimental tradition.
The free-bass accordion in classical music.
Despite efforts by accordion performers and organizations to present the accordion as a serious instrument to the classical music world, the much-coveted breakthrough into the mainstream of serious musical circles did not take place until after leading accordionists more or less abandoned the stradella-bass accordion (an instrument limited to only bass and pre-set chord buttons on the left-hand manual) and embraced the free-bass accordion (an instrument which could play single pitches on the left-hand manual with a range of three octaves or more, similar to the right-hand manual). Composers found the free-bass accordion much more attractive and easier to write for as it liberated the instrument from a limited range of bass notes (only a minor seventh) and the pre-set chord buttons.
Despite being invented as early as 1912, the instrument did not really become popular until the mid-20th century, when it was "discovered" by classical accordionists. The Danish accordionist Mogens Ellegaard, regarded by many as the father of the avant-garde accordion movement, described his introduction to the new accordion:
Ellegaard continued,
"Symphonic Fantasy and Allegro" was premiered by the Danish Radio Symphony with the composer conducting. Ole Schmidt made the following comment about the work, "I hated accordion until I met Mogens Ellegaard. He made me decide to write an accordion concerto for him." 
Other Danish composers soon followed Schmidt:
In Europe, free bass accordion performance has reached a very high level and the instrument is considered worthy of serious study in music conservatories . Modern and avant-garde composers such as Sofia Gubaidulina, Edison Denisov, Luciano Berio, Per Nørgård, Arne Nordheim, Jindrich Feld, Franco Donatoni, Toshio Hosokawa, Mauricio Kagel, Patrick Nunn and Magnus Lindberg have written for the free bass accordion and the instrument is becoming more frequently integrated into new music chamber and improvisation groups.
The Italian composer Salvatore Sciarrino (b. 1947) recently wrote a piece entitled "Storie di Altre Storie", for accordionist Teodoro Anzellotti, requiring use of the free bass accordion in its instrumentation, and drawing off the keyboard sonatas of Domenico Scarlatti, the glass harmonica music of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, and the "ballades" of Guillaume de Machaut. It was well received by most European audiences and was released on a compilation disc of Sciarrino's other works on the Winter and Winter label. Young generation composers who have written for accordion include Christina Athinodorou (b. 1981) who wrote "Virgules" for Solo Accordion (2009) featuring the combined use between the stradella bass and the chromatic button system.
In the United States, the free-bass accordion is heard occasionally. Beginning in the 1960s, competitive performance on the accordion of classical piano compositions, by the great masters of music, occurred. Although never mainstreamed in the larger musical scene, this convergence with traditional classical music propelled young accordionists to an ultimate involvement with classical music heretofore not experienced.
A number of American instrumentalists did succeed in demonstrating the unique orchestral capabilities of the free bass accordion while performing at the nation's premier concert venues. In the process they encouraged contemporary composers to write for the instrument. Included among the leading orchestral artists was John Serry, Sr. A concert accordionist, soloist, composer, and arranger, Serry performed extensively in both symphonic orchestras and jazz ensembles as well as on live radio and television broadcasts. His refined poetic artistry gained respect for the free bass accordion as a serious concert instrument among prominent classical musicians and conductors of the early 20th century. In addition, his "Concerto For Free Bass Accordion" was completed in 1966 and illustrates the vast orchestral potentialities of the instrument.
Recently Guy Klucevsek has built a reputation on combining folk styles with classical forms and makes extensive use of the free bass. New York's William Schimmel, who composes and performs in many genres, is a leading exponent of the "quint" style free bass system and uses it extensively in tandem with the standard stradella system.
In Canada several performers also contributed extensively to the acceptance of the Free Bass Accordion as a respected member of orchestral ensembles throughout North America. Among the leading performers, educators and composers was Joseph Macerollo who achieved widespread acclaim as an interpreter of both contemporary and classical compositions for the instrument.

</doc>
<doc id="19997584" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997584" title="Sachidananda Routray">
Sachidananda Routray

Sachidananda Rautray (1916–2004) was an Oriya poet, novelist, short-shorty writer. He received Jnanpith Award, the highest literary award of India, in 1986. He was popularly known as Sachi Routray.
Life.
Routray was born in Gurujang, near Khurda on 13 May 1916. 
He was brought up and educated in Bengal. He married a Telugu princess from the royal family of Golapalli.
Routray started writing poems from the age of eleven. He was also involved in freedom struggle while in school. Some of his poems were banned by British Raj for revolutionary content.
He died in Cuttack on 21 August 2004.
Works.
In 1943, Routray became very famous among Oriya readers when he published "Baji Rout", a long poem that celebrated the martyrdom of a boatman boy who succumbed to the bullets of British police when he refused to take them in his rickety boat to cross the river Brahmani. He was a prolific poet and published as many as twenty anthologies. His "Pallishri", dealing with village life in Orissa, is as successful as his poem "Pratima Nayak" that portrays the suffering and the predicament of a city girl. He belonged to a group of writers who called themselves 'poets of the people'.
Routray also published a few poems with religion as their theme.

</doc>
<doc id="19997592" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997592" title="Gerodermia osteodysplastica">
Gerodermia osteodysplastica

Gerodermia osteodysplastica (GO), also called geroderma osteodysplasticum and Walt Disney dwarfism, is a rare autosomal recessive connective tissue disorder included in the spectrum of cutis laxa syndromes.
Usage of the name "Walt Disney dwarfism" is attributed to the first known case of the disorder, documented in a 1950 journal report, in which the authors described five affected members from a Swiss family as having the physical appearance of dwarves from a Walt Disney film.
The terms "geroderma" or "gerodermia" can be used interchangeably with "osteodysplastica" or "osteodysplasticum", with the term "hereditaria" sometimes appearing at the end.
Characteristics.
Gerodermia osteodysplastica is characterized by symptoms and features which affect the connective tissues, skin and skeletal system. 
These are: wrinkly, loose skin over the face, abdomen, and extremites (hands, feet) on the dorsal sides usually worsened by chronic joint laxity and hyperextensibility; fragmented elastic fibers of the skin that are reduced in number, with disorientation of collagen fibers; osteopenia and osteoporosis, with associated fractures; malar hypoplasia (underdeveloped cheek bone), maxillary hypoplasia (underdeveloped upper jaw), mandibular prognathism (protrusion of the lower jaw and chin), bowed long bones, platyspondyly (flattened spine) related to vertebral collapse; kyphoscoliosis (scoliosis with kyphosis, or "hunch back"), metaphyseal peg (an unusual outgrowth of metaphyseal tissue which protrudes into the epiphyseal region of the bone, near the knee); and the overall physical effects and facial appearance of dwarfism with premature aging.
Other features and findings include: intrauterine growth retardation, congenital hip dislocations, winged scapulae (shoulder blades), pes planus (fallen arches), pseudoepiphyses of the second metacarpals (upper bone of the fingers), hypotelorism (close-set eyes), malformed ears,
developmental delay,
failure to thrive and abnormal electroencephalograph (EEG) readings.
Dental and orthodontal abnormalities in addition to maxillary hypoplasia and mandibular prognathism have also been observed in gerodermia osteodysplastica. Including malocclusion of the dental arches (the maxilla and mandible), radiological findings in some cases have indicated significant overgrowth of the mandibular premolar and molar roots;
hypercementosis (overproduction of cementum) of the molars and maxillary incisors; enlarged, funnel-shaped mandibular lingula (spiny structures on the ramus of the mandible); and a radiolucent effect on portions of many teeth, increasing their transparency to x-rays.
Differential diagnosis.
Many features of gerodermia osteodysplastica (GO) and another autosomal recessive form of cutis laxa, wrinkly skin syndrome (WSS, ""), are similar to such an extent that both disorders were believed to be variable phenotypes of a single disorder. 
Several delineating factors, however, suggest that gerodermia osteodysplastica and wrinkly skin syndrome are distinct entities, but share the same clinic spectrum.
While the prevailing feature of wrinkly, loose skin is more localized with GO, it is usually systemic, yet eases in severity with age during the course of WSS. Also, as the fontanelles ("soft spots") are usually normal on the heads of infants with GO, they are often enlarged in WSS infants.
Although WSS is associated with mutations of genes on chromosomes 2, 5, 7, 11 and 14; no genetic mutation has been established for GO. A serum sialotransferrin type 2 pattern, also observed with WSS, is not present in GO patients.
But perhaps the most notable feature, differentiating GO from WSS and similar cutis laxa disorders, is the age-specific metaphyseal peg sometimes found in GO-affected long bone, near the knee. Not appearing until around age 4–5, then disappearing by physeal closure, this oddity of bone is thought to represent a specific genetic marker unique to GO and its effects on bone development.
Inheritance.
Originally believed to be inherited in an X-linked recessive fashion, gerodermia osteodysplastica is now known to display strictly autosomal recessive inheritance. This means the defective gene responsible for the disorder is located on an autosome, and two copies of the defective gene (one inherited from each parent) are required in order to be born with the disorder. The parents of an individual with an autosomal recessive disorder both carry one copy of the defective gene, but usually do not experience any signs or symptoms of the disorder.
It has been associated with "SCYL1BP1".

</doc>
<doc id="19997597" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997597" title="A4 motorway (Belgium)">
A4 motorway (Belgium)

The A4 is a Belgian motorway connecting Brussels and the A6 in Luxembourg. It is also called the E411 throughout Belgium and Luxembourg.
<br clear="left">

</doc>
<doc id="19997622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997622" title="2008 Assam bombings">
2008 Assam bombings

The 2008 Assam bombings occurred on 30 October 2008, before noon in markets in Guwahati city and the surrounding area of western Assam. Reports indicated as many as eighteen bombs went off, causing at least 77 deaths and 470 injuries.
Bomb attacks.
Union Minister Shakeel Ahmed confirmed 10 blasts took place, however, reports did indicate the number could have been as high as eighteen. The blasts ripped apart Guwahati, Barpeta Road, Bongaigaon and Kokrajhar.
The explosions in Guwahati ripped through Pan Bazar, Fancy Bazar and Ganeshguri, which were crowded with shoppers and office goers. Three blasts occurred in Kokrajhar, with another possible grenade explosion; one in Bongaigaon and two in Barpeta Road. Indian media outlets pointed out that the blasts took place just after the "Diwali" holidays making the blasts even more unexpected and adding to a toll count. The bomb at Ganeshguri was planted in a car and took place about 100 meters from Chief Minister of Assam Tarun Gogoi's official residence.
In Guwahati, 41 people were killed; in Kokrajhar, 21; and in Barpeta Road, 15. On November 2, four more succumbed to their injuries here. Three died at Gauhati Medical College Hospital, while another died at the Basistha Army Hospital. Twenty others were also in a critical condition.
Police officials added that huge amounts of explosives like RDX or other plastic explosives, like C4, have been used as a fire erupted immediately following the blasts. Timers were also speculated to have been used to execute the blasts, which were seen with timing almost to perfection as the blasts took place within a short span of 15 minutes. It was further speculated, after investigations were initiated, that motor bikes may have been used. However, Assam police chief RN Mathur also said most of the bombs were "planted in cars."
In addition to the immediate casualty toll seven more people succumbed to their injuries overnight.
Follow up.
On the same day a convoy of police cars in Assam came under fire from rebels resulting in seven police and three civilian casualties.
Consequences.
A spontaneous "bandh", total shut down, was observed the next day at Kokrajhar on a call given by the Vishva Hindu Parishad (VHP), the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), and the Bajrang Dal, while schools and educational institutions also remained closed in Guwahati. Only a few shops in the capital were opened and vehicular traffic was thin with most people choosing to stay indoors. BJP leader L. K. Advani, who arrived in Assam on the same morning, visited the blast site near the Deputy Commissioner's office, where he also faced a group of angry lawyers who shouted slogans saying "Advani go back." He also visited the Gauhati Medical College and Hospital and met the injured. The Union Home Minister Shivraj Patil, who was arrived later in the day, visited Kokrajhar and Barpeta. He also held a high-level meeting at the Lokopriyo Gopinath Bordoloi International Airport in the evening. Attendance in commercial areas where offices are located was thin, and in many areas shops and business establishments, particularly those in and around the blast sites remained closed. Few public transport were seen plying on the roads in the morning. The opposition Asom Gana Parishad observed a "Black Day" with all its leaders and cadres sporting black badges. Lawyers from both Gauhati High Court and the Sessions Court in Guwahati abstained from work and held protests outside the court premises.
A curfew was again clamped on the worst-hit Ganeshguri in the afternoon, after the initial curfew was relaxed the previous evening, as an angry mob braved tight security in the presence of the city SS and went on a rampage. The police then resorted to firing blanks, injuring at least five people in the ensuing melee. The leader of the opposition and former Deputy Prime Minister Advani visited the spot just minutes before the disturbance.
On November 1 the prime minister was set to visit his home constitency to take the stock of the situation after the blasts. He would meet the Assam Governor Shiv Charan Mathur and Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi, as well as visit the Gauhati Medical College and Hospital to see the injured in the blasts.
As a result of this blast, the biggest in Assamese history, CM Gogoi moved to recruit 4,000 more police personnel in all ranks to augment the strength of the police force to over 65,000 before the end of the year as part of Assam's counter-terrorism plan. He added the necessity of such a move was predicated by having experienced 605 bomb blasts in the last eight years, each of which caused significant devastation to life and property. He added that police and other security personnel had also recovered or defused more than 5,000 bombs and grenades.
Investigation.
The Union home secretary, Madhukar Gupta, said a team of National Security Guards experts from New Delhi also visited the blast sites at Ganeshguri, the deputy commissioner's office and Fancy Bazaar. When asked about the nature of the explosives, he said forensic experts were already examining the blasts sites. In regards to more paramilitary forces, saying there were already enough forces already deployed, he added: "We will retain them for some more time and probably not deploy them on poll duties (in six states)." A high-level team consisting of senior Home Ministry officials also visited Assam to make an on-the-spot assessment of the situation arising out blasts.
Police said they had picked up about a dozen suspects for interrogation within the first 24 hours. An official in the police department said: "We are making good headway in our investigations and should be able to zero in on the people or groups involved in the serial bombings." Two persons from Nagaon district were arrested in connection with the attacks. Asib Mohammed Nizami and Zulfikar Ali were the owners of two vehicles in which the bombs were planted in the Ganeshguri area of Guwahati and Bongaigaon.
On 1 November, the army told the Prime Minister that it had previously intercepted a message from Calcutta one week before the incident that said: "Attack Guwahati." The army told the PM that had known about the impending terror strikes in the western Assam towns for six weeks and had tried to prevent them. Lt. Gen. B.S. Jaswal, of the GOC 4 Corps, told the PM the army had received "non-specific" information on 17 September about possible strikes in Guwahati, Barpeta Road and Kokrajhar. CM Gogoi, who heads Assam's unified command that includes the army, corroborated the message with Singh. In admitting such knowledge he added that the government did not anticipate the scale of the blasts. The government then also formed a special team, headed by the inspector-general of police (special task force), R. Chandranathan, to probe the blasts and issue a report within 30 days.
Evidence emerged that a hit-team of the National Democratic Front of Bodoland (NDFB) executed the bombings in Assam. This undermined earlier claims of HuJI responsibility. Police were quoted as saying a text message sent to a local television station claiming responsibility for the bombings on behalf of the hitherto unknown Islamic Security Force-Indian Mujahideen turned out to be a hoax. Assam police investigators determined that two of the three Maruti 800s used as bombs were purchased by NDFB activists less than six weeks prior to the attacks. Interrogation of suspects linked to the fabrication of the car-bombs led investigators to believe that there were orders to initiate the operation by the NDFB founder-chief, Rajan Daimary, as early as September. Daimary, believed to shuttle between Bangkok, Manila and Singapore, is said to have authorised the attacks to signal a frustration with the lack of progress in talks between the NDFB and the Indian government. Following this, the Indian government decided to clamp down on the organization and other regional outfits. A ban on the NDFB, set to expire in 2008, was extended by two years. The Cabinet Committee on Security also decided to re-impose a ban on the outlawed ULFA, Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC), however it spared the ANVC.
On 12 November, a Bhutanese man who lived in Nepal and fought against the monarchy was arrested for aiding the Assam attacks. Tenzing G. Zangpo, a senior leader of the Druk National Congress (DNC), a formation by Bhutanese exiles in Nepal, was picked up with the "home secretary" of the NDFB, Sabin Boro, from a rented house at Japorigog in Guwahati. An unknown source was quoted as saying, "After interrogation, both of them were arrested this morning on the charge of being part of the conspiracy behind October 30 blasts." The arrest attention from Bangladesh based forces to Bhutan for the first time since the probe was initiated. Police said the DNC claimed to be a political outfit opposing the alleged discrimination of Bhutanese people of Nepali origin by the monarchy since the 1990s.
Perpetrators.
Union Minister Shakil Ahmed hinted that communal riots in Assam for the preceding several days could be inter-linked to the attacks. He said that the politics of hate was a plausible reason behind the attacks.
Though the Assam government said it was too early to reach a conclusion on the perpetrators, Assam's Health Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma said: "It is very early to make a conclusion but ULFA has a history of triggering serial blasts." To corroborate this speculation the intelligence officials said the separatist ULFA was responsible for the blasts. This follows most fighters in one of the ULFA's elite strike battalion having previously announced a ceasefire with the government, with the security services have used the lull to attack and killed many other ULFA fighters in the weeks preceding. A faction that did not agree to the ceasefire was said to be responsible for the blasts. Assam police chief R N Mathur added that "So the Ulfa is striking back in a massive way by taking on soft targets. No other group can trigger so many blasts in so many places in such a coordinated fashion."
Reactions.
Central reactions.
Leader of the opposition, L. K. Advani, used the blasts to lambaste the ruling UPA-led government. He said: "I believe that these blasts are symbolic of the sense of insecurity in the country. This also proves the total failure of the government in combating terrorism", adding that it was likely that illegal Bangladeshi migrants in Assam, with an increasing influx of such immigrants, could be involved in the blasts.
The next day he came out again blaming illegal infiltration from Bangladesh as the main reason for the breeding of terrorism in Assam saying "I blame the state and the central government for the blasts in Assam." He continued to question the PM, "I ask the prime minister, who is elected from Assam, what his government has done after the Supreme Court's landmark judgment on the IMDT (Illegal Migrants Determination by Tribunals) Act indicting the Government of India for having colluded with external aggression. The government only incorporated all those provisions in the struck down IMDT in the Foreigners Act, which the Supreme Court declared as unconstitutional." He also visited blast sites and met injured victims at the hospitals.
Union Minister of State for Home, Shriprakash Jaiswal, also condemned the blasts and added: "The blasts will have no impact on the forthcoming Assembly elections in Mizoram. The Home Ministry has asked for a report on the serial blasts from the Assam government." He claimed that due to the sincere efforts of the ruling central coalition government, incidents of terror in the northeastern sister states had gone down by as much as 50 per cent in the last four years.
The prime minister also strongly condemning the blasts and added that his government would take all possible steps to bring the perpetrators of the attack to justice. Along with the UPA chairperson, Sonia Gandhi, were set to visit Assam on November 1. The day before Union Home Minister, Shivraj Patil, also arrived in Assam and visited blast sites in Kokrajhar and Guwahati, as well as holding a security meeting with the chief minister, and senior police and administrative officials. He said: "We shall nab the culprits involved in the blasts. Investigations are on and we should be able to come out with something concrete."
Former Indian prime minister Atal Behari Vajpayee hinted at a call for greater national unity and what he termed a collective war on terror after the blasts.
Pan-Indian reactions.
The Jharkhand government also came out strongly condemning the serial blasts, while having summoned a cabinet meeting in Ranchi for the next day to discuss the security situation in his region. Deputy Chief Minister, Sudhir Mahto, described the act as one of "cowardice" and said the state machinery had been alerted in Jharkhand following the incident. He added that he expressed confidence that the UPA government at the centre would initiate all necessary steps to rein in anti-national elements who are bent upon weakening the prevailing peace and tranquility, while appealing to the central government to provide adequate compensation to the family members of the victims. While he also denied the fact that the militant activities were on the rise in the country at large during the rule of the UPA government, he expressed concern over the recent revelation that Hindu militants' were involved in the Malegaon incident. He said this by alluding to the fact that vested interests were keen on dividing the country by creating panic.
Vigilance was also stepped up along the West Bengal border with Assam following the blasts. Additional security forces were rushed to assist in combing operations to track down those responsible for the blasts attempting to flee from Assam through the border with north Bengal. State's Home Secretary, Ashok Mohan Chakavarty, said an alert had been sounded across West Bengal, with security tightened in the captail city. Further security arrangements were under review, particularly in the border districts where check-posts have been set up.
A senior police official in West Bengal said: "A special alert has been sounded in the region. Vehicles passing through the border with Assam are being checked." He added that surveillance had also been considerably tightened at West Bengal's international borders with Nepal, Bangladesh and Bhutan.
Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister, Mayawati, also strongly condemned the serial blasts, while demanding that the Prime Minister take effective measures to ensure that such incidents are not repeated.
International reactions.
U.N Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, who was in India at the time of the attack, issued a statement via a spokesman expressing his deep sorrow and sympathy to the government and people of India for the loss of life and destruction caused by the attacks. He also stated that he "strongly condemns this act of terrorism in its targeting of civilians", also declaring that there can be absolutely no justification for such indiscriminate violence.
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev resolutely condemned the deadly blasts dubbing them as an "inhuman and monstrous" crime which cannot have any justification. In a message to Indian President Pratibha Patil and Prime Minister Singh, he expressed his indignation at the "barbarous" act and called for strict punishment for those responsible. He said: "I learnt with deep indignation about the series of coordinated terrorist acts in Assam, which led to the deaths of scores of innocent people. Such inhuman and monstrous in cruelty crime have no justification. Terrorists guilty of committing this barbarous act must be severely punished." The Russian Foreign Ministry also said: "The Foreign Ministry of Russia resolutely condemns the acts of terrorists. They have no and cannot have any justification. The criminals must be severely punished for their acts."
Bangladesh also strongly condemned the attack. Foreign adviser Iftekhar Ahmed Chowdhury term the attack an act of "cowardly terrorism." Adding: "We strongly condemn the bomb blast in the North Eastern India that led to so many deaths and injuries. It is a cowardly act of terrorism. Violence cannot be a tool for achievement of political objectives."

</doc>
<doc id="19997644" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997644" title="Georg Preuß">
Georg Preuß

Georg Preuß (24 April 1920 — 3 February 1991) was a Hauptsturmführer (Captain) in the Waffen-SS who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross on the 5 February 1945, for his part in the Ardennes Offensive, he was also one of only 631 members of the German armed forces to receive the Close Combat Clasp in Gold.
He commanded the 12th and then the 10th Companies of the III./2nd Panzer Grenadier Regiment, "LSSAH".
During the operations around the Falaise Gap he gave this report:
"A report from SS-Obersturmfόhrer Preuss, 10.Kp./SS-Panzergrenadierregiment 2 describes the impossible situation:
"It is true that one fighter bomber we shot down landed on a Panzer and destroyed it. Most other Panzer and Schützenpanzer, however, fell victim to this intensive air bombardment, which lasted hours. Those Grenadiere still able to fight had spread themselves out to the left and right through the terrain's many hedges. They were happy to see that the bombers swarming like bees over our heads were finding more rewarding targets than individual men. I agreed with them. I heard that Peiper had suffered a heart attack. Diefenthal (the commander of the III./2) lost his hearing when a bomb fell right next to him. Kuhlmann was unable to get the attack moving forward again. My brave messenger, Sturmmann Horst Reinicken, was killed as he tried to reach the command post of the Heer Panzerabteilung to which we were subordinated. He was trying to bring the Panzerabteilung the news that its commander and Adjutant lay dead not far from our hedge." 
After that it was over with the campaign in Normandy; Leibstandarte got encircled by the Americans and Brits in what would be called the Falaise pocket, but by then the unit was reduced to several small Kampfgruppen. Hausser, commander of 7. Armee was told by von Kluge (commander in chief West, as successor to von Rundstedt) to withdraw II. SS-Panzerkorps (Hohenstauffen and Frundsberg), his motors and his administrative personnel from the pocket. The Führer had still not given orders to withdraw at this point, so it all depended on the will of the units themselves to get out. Leibstandarte withdrew from the pocket with Unterführer and Führer each taking the lead of a small Kampfgruppe and smashing through the ring, on 22 August, after which no combat ready tanks or artillery pieces were reported. The whole campaign caused some 5.000 casualties to the LSSAH." 
War Crimes.
At the end of the war Preuß was captured by the Americans and put on trial for war crimes committed during the Battle of the Bulge (Malmedy Massacre), he was found guilty and sentenced to death which was later changed to life imprisonment, he was released in 1956 together with Joachim Peiper and Josef Diefenthal the last members of the "LSSAH" to be released from captivity.

</doc>
<doc id="19997669" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997669" title="My Coloring Book">
My Coloring Book

"My Coloring Book" is a song written by Fred Ebb and John Kander.
Barbra Streisand version.
Arranged and conducted by Robert Mersey, the song was released as Barbra Streisand's second single release in November 1962, as a double single with "Lover, Come Back To Me".
Produced by Mike Berniker, and recorded before Barbra's first album sessions, the single was sent to radio.
This 1962 version was re-released as a single in March 1965 as part of the "Hall of Fame" series with the 1962 recording of "Happy Days Are Here Again".
Barbra later re-recorded the song for her second album "The Second Barbra Streisand Album".
Sandy Stewart version.
The song was recorded by Sandy Stewart and released as a single with "I Heard You Cry Last Night" as a b-side in 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="19997675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997675" title="Elena Satine">
Elena Satine

Elena Marié Satine is a Georgian-born American film actress and singer.
Early life.
Elena Satine was born in Tbilisi, Georgia (former USSR) and raised on the Black Sea Coast of the Russian Riviera. She is a descendant of the Georgian noble House of Orbeliani. Satine began her professional career at the age of 6 when she appeared on a children's variety show "Utrennaya Zvezda" (Morning Star). At age 9, already a winner of numerous international awards, Satine became the youngest performer to headline at "Kinotavr"-International Film Festival. In 1998 on a spontaneous trip to New York City, the young actress attended an open call at the Professional Performing Arts School, and got accepted on the spot. After graduating with honors at age 16, Satine continued her Dramatic studies and received a "Diploma of Specialist in Acting Art" at the Moscow Art Theatre School in Russia, founded by Constantin Stanislavski; as well as doing several international fellowships at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts in London, England. She is also a classically trained pianist.
Career.
Satine's first role was in the independent feature "Ripple Effect".
She has since appeared on TV shows including "Gemini Division", "Cold Case", CW's "Melrose Place", and an episode of "Smallville" (Season 10, Episode 9) where she played Mera, the wife of Aquaman. She learned French and Hungarian for her role as Countess Elena Andrenyi in "".
Elena currently appears as Judi Silver in the Starz series "Magic City". Satine will appear on "Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D." in an upcoming episode as the evil Asgardian Lorelei.
Personal life.
Satine and The All-American Rejects frontman Tyson Ritter became engaged in April 2013 and married on December 31, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19997711" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997711" title="LG Life Sciences">
LG Life Sciences

LG Life Sciences(LGLS) spun off from LG Chem Investment as a full-fledged LG Group Affiliate in August 2002. LGLS began research in genetic engineering since 1981 and has developed and commercialized:
- interferon : Intermax-gamma(1989), Intermax-alpha(1992)
- hepatitis B vaccine : Euvax B(1992)
- human growth hormone : Eutropin(1993)
- quinolone antibiotic : Factive(2003)
- degenerative arthritis treatment : Hyruan Plus(2005)
- rhFSH (recombinant human follicle stimulating hormone) : Follitrope(2006)
- SR-hGH (Sustained Release-human Growth Hormone) : Declage(2007)
LG Life Sciences has also been investing on new generation agrochemicals for nearly 20 years. Since then, LGLS has developed:
- new herbicide for rice : Pyancor(1997)
- fungicide for use in horticulture : Guardian(1999)
- new herbicide for both pre- and post-emergence rice : Fluxo(2004)
Business Areas.
1. Pharmaceuticals
LG Life Sciences(LGLS) has an extensive sales and marketing network spanning over 75 countries with LGLS technology based products. Among these products, Factive is a representative Korean drug which is yet only FDA approved novel drug in Korea. Factive is a dual targeting fluroquinolone antibiotic selling over 15 countries worldwide.
Also, LGLS is a major hepatitis B vaccine supplier of UN agencies and has exported to more than 75 countries in the world. LGLS hepatitis B vaccine, Euvax B takes up over 50% of UNICEF supply.
In 2007, an additional success to domestic marketing, Hyruan Plus, an osteoarthritis treatment has achieved CE marking and now is marketed over 20 countries including Europe. Hyruan Plus is highly purified hyaluronic acid, processed by microbial fermentation which ensures to be BSE-free. Showing LGLS’ advanced bioengineering technology, LGLS developed one of very few biosimilar recombinant human erythropoietin and follitropin that are registered and marketed over 15 countries. In addition to Euvax B, and Factive, LGLS has many infertility treatments, ophthalmic surgical interventions, diagnostics drugs, animal drug, and pharmaceutical drug intermediates that are exported all over the world.
2. Specialty Chemicals
For nearly 20 years, LG Life Sciences has been developing and marketing new generation agrochemicals. The company’s earlier product line consisted of pyrethroid insecticides, including Cypermethrin, Deltamethrin, and Lambdacyhalothrin. LGLS produced these insecticides because manufacturing such products was a technical challenge in the early to mid-1980s. As soon as pyrethroid chemistry ceased to be a challenge, the company moved on to a new technical challenge. LGLS now has three new molecules(Pyanchor, Guardian, Fluxo) being developed globally.
In the past two years, the structure of LGLS’s crop protection business has changed significantly, from technology to business integration, to achieve sustainable and healthy growth. The company emphasizes strong global partnerships with multinationals regarding its proprietary molecules, while strengthening its domestic operations through strategic ties with local and independent sales networks.
Since 2000, LGLS has been expanding into the generic product sector in the U.S., the world’s largest agrochemical market. In addition to Permethrin, LGLS registered three of its generic products with the EPA in 2006, Metalaxyl, Lambda-Cyhalothrin, and Esfenvalerate. LGLS plans to continue expanding its U.S. business by introducing additional products.
3. Diagnostics
LG Life Sciences has invested and researched constantly over the past two decades in diagnostics areas and has developed in-vitro diagnostics for Hepatitis C(first in Korea), Malaria antibodies(first in the world), HIV antigens and antibodies, Syphillis and Hepatitis B virus.
LGLS’s goal in diagnostics R&D is to raise the competitiveness of current products and to cultivate a steady stream of strategic products for the future. To this end, core competencies are being strengthened and its efforts focus on new product development. The trend in diagnostic medicine technology today is to generate value by incorporating information, nanotechnologies and biotechnologies. LGLS is building upon its world-class technology in infections diseases and accelerating R&D research to secure a technological edge in ELISA, quantitative PCR and several types of biochips.
Major Products.
1. Pharmaceuticals - Biologics and Vaccines
- Eutropin Inj. : Infant dwarfism by lack of growth hormone and Turner syndrome, adult growth hormone deficiency
- Hyruan Plus Inj. : Degenerative arthritis
- Euvax B Inj. : Immunization against infection caused by hepatitis B virus
- Espogen Inj. : Anemia in patients with chronic renal failure
- Intermax Alpha Inj. : Chronic hepatitis C, CML etc.
- Follitrope Inj. : Ovulation induction in assisted reproduction program
- Intermax Gamma Inj. : Rheumatic arthritis and myeloid leukemia
2. Pharmaceuticals - Small Molecules 
- Zanidip Tab. : Essential hypertension
- Calvan Tab. : Hypertension
- IVF-M Inj., IVF-C Inj., Follimon Inj. : Ovulation induction in assisted reproduction program
- Factive Chronic bronchitis, pneumonia, and sinusitis
3. Specialty Chemicals
- Pyanchor(Pyribenzoxim) : Paddy fields(barnyard grass, spiderwort)
- Veteran(Imidacloprid) : Orcharding and horticulture(aphids, moths)
- Guardian(Ethaboxam) : Orcharding and horticulture(epidemics, downy mildews)
- Fluxo(Flucetosulfuron) : Paddy fields(broad-spectrum herbicide)
4. Diagnostics
- AdvanSure HPV Screening quantitative PCR: For screening HPV virus in vaginal swap
- AdavanSure TB/NTM quantitative PCR: Detecting M.tb complex and NTM(non-tubercle Mycobacteria) respectively
- AdvanSure Mycobacteria Genotyping Chip : Identifying 28 species of Mycobacteria by Hybridizing with PCR product targeted ITS (Internal Transcribed Spacer) region

</doc>
<doc id="19997793" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997793" title="Britt-Marie Smedh">
Britt-Marie Smedh

Britt-Marie Smedh (born March 22, 1955 in Solna Municipality, Stockholm County) is a former Swedish breaststroke swimmer who represented Stockholmspolisens IF. Smedh participated in the 1972 Summer Olympics, finishing 7th in the 100 m breaststroke, 10th in the 200 m breaststroke and 8th in the 4×100 m medley relay.
Smedh is mother to Swedish Olympic medalist Therese Alshammar.

</doc>
<doc id="19997814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997814" title="1899–1900 FA Cup">
1899–1900 FA Cup

The FA Cup 1899–1900 was the 29th staging of the world's oldest association football competition, the Football Association Challenge Cup (more usually known as the FA Cup), and the last to be held fully in the 19th Century. The cup was won by Bury, who defeated Southampton 4–0 in the final of the competition, played at Crystal Palace in London.
Matches were scheduled to be played at the stadium of the team named first on the date specified for each round, which was always a Saturday. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played, a replay would take place at the stadium of the second-named team later the same week. If the replayed match was drawn further replays would be held at neutral venues until a winner was determined. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played in a replay, a 30-minute period of extra time would be played.
Calendar.
The format of the FA Cup for the season had a preliminary round, five qualifying rounds, three proper rounds, and the semi finals and final. 
First round proper.
The First Round Proper contained sixteen ties between 32 teams. 17 of the 18 First Division sides were given a bye to this round, as were The Wednesday and Bolton Wanderers from the Second Division, and non-league Southampton, Bristol City and Tottenham Hotspur. Glossop, along with all the other Second Division sides, were entered into the Third Qualifying Round. Of those sides, only Grimsby Town, Walsall and Leicester Fosse qualified to the FA Cup Proper. Seven non-league sides also qualified.
The matches were played on Saturday, 27 January 1900. Six matches were drawn, with the replays taking place in the following midweek fixture. One match went to a second replay, played the following week.
Second round proper.
The eight second-round matches were scheduled for Saturday, 10 February 1900, although only three games were played on this date. The other five games were played the following Saturday. There were three replays, played in the following midweek fixture.
The Southampton v. Newcastle United match was originally played on 10 February but was abandoned after 55 minutes due to a heavy snowstorm.
Third round proper.
The four quarter final matches were scheduled for Saturday, 24 February 1900. Three of the four matches were replayed in the following midweek fixture, with the Millwall Athletic – Aston Villa match going to a second replay the following week.
Semi finals.
The semi-final matches were both played on Saturday, 24 April 1900. Both matches went to replays, played the following Wednesday or Thursday. Bury and Southampton came through the semi-finals to meet in the final at Crystal Palace.
Final.
The final took place on Saturday, 21 April 1900 at Crystal Palace. Just under 69,000 supporters attended the match. Jasper McLuckie opened the scoring for Bury after about 9 minutes. Willie Wood doubled the advantage seven minutes later, before McLuckie added a third seven minutes after that. John Plant scored the fourth and final goal in the eightieth minute, to cap a good victory for the northern side.

</doc>
<doc id="19997831" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997831" title="1914–15 FA Cup">
1914–15 FA Cup

The 1914–15 FA Cup was the 44th season of the world's oldest association football competition, the Football Association Challenge Cup (more usually known as the FA Cup), and the last to be held before the cancellation of all football competitions since due to World War I. Sheffield United won the competition for the third time, beating Chelsea 3–0 in the final at Old Trafford, Manchester.
Matches were scheduled to be played at the stadium of the team named first on the date specified for each round, which was always a Saturday. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played, a replay would take place at the stadium of the second-named team later the same week. If the replayed match was drawn further replays would be held at neutral venues until a winner was determined. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played in a replay, a 30-minute period of extra time would be played.
Calendar.
The format of the FA Cup for the season had two preliminary rounds, six qualifying rounds, four proper rounds, and the semi finals and final.
First round proper.
36 of the 40 clubs from the First and Second divisions joined the 12 clubs who came through the qualifying rounds. Four sides, Lincoln City, Nottingham Forest, Leicester Fosse and Glossop were entered instead at the Sixth Qualifying Round. Of these, only Leicester went out at the qualifying stages, while the other three and nine non-league clubs won through.
Sixteen non-league sides were given byes to the First Round to bring the total number of teams up to 64. These were:
32 matches were scheduled to be played on Saturday, 9 January 1915. Six matches were drawn and went to replays in the following midweek fixture.
Second Round Proper.
The 16 Second Round matches were played on Saturday, 30 January 1915. Three matches were drawn, with the replays taking place in the following weekend fixture. One of these was again drawn, and a second replay was played, again at the following Saturday.
Third round proper.
The eight Third Round matches were scheduled for Saturday, 20 February 1915. There were two replays, played the following week, of which one went to a second replay in the following midweek fixture.
Fourth round proper.
The four Fourth Round matches were scheduled for Saturday, 6 March 1915. There were two replays, played a week later.
Semi-Finals.
The semi-final matches were played on Saturday, 27 March 1915. Sheffield United and Chelsea won and went on to meet in the final.
Final.
The final took place on 24 April 1915 and was contested by Sheffield United and Chelsea. It was the last FA Cup final to be staged before competitive football was abandoned in Britain because of the First World War. The match was moved from its pre-war location of Crystal Palace in south London to Old Trafford in Manchester to avoid disruption to travel in and around London.

</doc>
<doc id="19997838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997838" title="1919–20 FA Cup">
1919–20 FA Cup

The 1919–20 FA Cup was the 45th season of the world's oldest association football competition, the Football Association Challenge Cup (more usually known as the FA Cup), and the first since the cancellation of all football competitions due to the First World War. Aston Villa won the competition, beating Huddersfield Town 1–0 in the final at Stamford Bridge, London.
Matches were scheduled to be played at the stadium of the team named first on the date specified for each round, which was always a Saturday. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played, a replay would take place at the stadium of the second-named team later the same week. If the replayed match was drawn further replays would be held at neutral venues until a winner was determined. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played in a replay, a 30-minute period of extra time would be played.
Calendar.
The format of the FA Cup for the season had two preliminary rounds, six qualifying rounds, four proper rounds, and the semi finals and final.
First round proper.
42 of the 44 clubs from the First and Second divisions joined the 12 clubs who came through the qualifying rounds. Two sides, Port Vale and Rotherham County were entered instead at the Sixth Qualifying Round. Rotherham County were newly elected to the Football League due to its expansion in the 1919–20 season, while Port Vale were entered into the League after eight games, following the failure of Leeds City. Port Vale came through the qualifier, while Rotherham went out.
Ten non-league sides were given byes to the First Round to bring the total number of teams up to 64. These were:
32 matches were scheduled to be played on Saturday, 10 January 1920. Eight matches were drawn and went to replays in the following midweek fixture.
Second Round Proper.
The 16 Second Round matches were played on Saturday, 31 January 1920. One match was drawn, with the replay taking place in the following midweek fixture.
Third round proper.
The eight Third Round matches were scheduled for Saturday, 21 February 1920. There were no replays.
Fourth round proper.
The four Fourth Round matches were scheduled for Saturday, 6 March 1920. There were no replays.
Semi-Finals.
The semi-final matches were played on Saturday, 27 March 1920. Aston Villa and Huddersfield Town won and went on to meet in the final.
Final.
The Final, the first since the end of the First World War, was contested by Aston Villa and Huddersfield at Stamford Bridge. Aston Villa won 1–0, with the goal coming in extra time from Billy Kirton.

</doc>
<doc id="19997852" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997852" title="Wests Bulldogs">
Wests Bulldogs

Wests Bulldogs may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19997858" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997858" title="U-N-I">
U-N-I

U-N-I (short for "U-N-I To The Verse") are a hip hop duo from Inglewood, Los Angeles, consisting of Y-O (born Yonas Semere Michael) and Thurzday (born Yannick Koffi).
History.
Y-O and Thurzday met in 1999 at St. Bernard High School in Westchester, California. They were originally part of a four-man group, the Rap-Ture Kamp, along with fellow St. Bernard student Ablaze and local producer Unjust Ant. This crew released two mixtapes, "Rap-Ture Kamp Unleash, Volume 1" and "Jacking Beats". After graduation in 2006 they split from the Kamp and formed U-N-I, the name inspired by The Roots' 1996 album "Illadelph Halflife". Thurz stated "To us, it's a first person statement. Myself and Y-O, U-N-I-verse, ain't nobody against us. It also stands for being universal and not being boxed into one sound." 
Y-O is the mohawk emcee whose name "Yonas" translates to "Soldier" in his native Ethiopian and he moved from Seattle, Washington to Inglewood, California in 1996. Thurzday is a descendant of both Côte d'Ivoire and Belize, taking his moniker from his last name "Koffi" which translates in Ghana’s native language of Akan to "boy born on Friday."
2007-2008.
U-N-I who profess to be die hard sneaker aficionados flipped The Wu-Tang Clan's "C.R.E.A.M" into the 2007 hit song "K.R.E.A.M." (Kicks Rule Everything Around Me) which to date has received 430,000 hits on YouTube. That same year the duo released their satirically titled street album "Fried Chicken & Watermelon" which contained 14 songs including the single "Beautiful Day" and "Phat Girls," an ode to bigger women. “Beautiful Day” has received over 1.2 million views on YouTube, and garnered international acclaim from as far as the Czech Republic, Belgium and Germany. The duo soon became a staple on the urban and alternative blogosphere and received 5.5 million profile views on Myspace. Subsequently they were signed by ICM Agency and opened up for artists including Lupe Fiasco, 50 Cent, Mos Def, Talib Kweli, Wale, Ludacris, Busta Rhymes, The Roots and Redman. They were named "Best Breakout LA Artist" at the 2008 MTV Video Music Awards, featured in URB Magazine's “NEXT 100” & “NEXT 1000,” XXL Magazine’s “New Kids in Town,” Billboard Magazine’s “Acts to Watch,” The Source Magazine’s “Unsigned Hype” & “Off the Radar,” Time Out New York’s “The Volume,” MTVu’s “The Hot Seat,” BET.com’s “Rookies of the Year” and ending up on the “SoundBoard” of The Los Angeles Times while serving as the official hosts of MTV’s “Sucka Free” - on the strength of their observant, life-affirming rhymes that revolved around everything from limited-edition sneakers to cosmic existentialism and old-school video games to musings on life and actress Lauren London.
In October 2008 their rendition of "Stakes is High" was featured on "The Honor Roll Mixtape" (DJ Mick Boogie) while the remix to "Beautiful Day" featured Big Pooh and Evidence of Dilated Peoples. In February 2009 to set the precedent for their second album “A Love Supreme” the duo released the mixtape "Before There was Love" (DJ Mick Boogie) featuring collabs with Talib Kweli, Aloe Blacc, Fashawn, Mickey Factz, Evidence, and Kes Kaos.
2009-2010.
In February 2009 while promoting the debut LP "A Love Supreme" they were featured in UK’s Dazed & Confused Magazine where music editor Tim Noakes said, “"They are the youthful epitome of colour and cadence.”" 
In Summer 2009 they secured a record deal with Mountain Dew’s Green Label Sound for the release of the single “Land of the Kings.” Their music videos for "Beautiful Day," "Soul Hop" “Lately” f/ Miguel, “Windows,” “Black Sky” and “Land of the Kings” all went into rotation on MTV Jams, MTVu, Sucka Free and MTV2. In Fall 2009 they headed out on a successful nationwide tour with Warren G, Kidz in the Hall Curtains and Theo Martins.
In March 2010 they released the follow up to their LP "A Love Supreme 2.0" which contained 5 new tracks as well as a remixes with Evidence, Bun B and Jive Recording R&B Artist Miguel 
The duo have been credited with reviving the "true essence" of hip-hop, rejecting the Gangsta rap style that had become common. In 2007 Billboard Magazine said the duo were “born from the ashes of gangsta rap.” 

</doc>
<doc id="19997862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997862" title="Diego González Montero Justiniano">
Diego González Montero Justiniano

Diego González Montero Justiniano was interim Royal Governor of Chile twice, from February to May 1662 following the death of Pedro Porter Casanate and again from February to October 1670 succeeding the Diego Dávila, 1st Marquis of Navamorcuende until the arrival of Juan Henríquez de Villalobos.

</doc>
<doc id="19997867" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997867" title="Boucantier">
Boucantier

In the Ivory Coast, a Boucantier is an artist or dancer who performs in the musical genre of Coupé-Décalé. It can also define a person who enjoys dressing in the fashion of a Coupé-Décalé artist, usually wearing similar styled clothes and jewellery.

</doc>
<doc id="19997868" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997868" title="2003 Australian Formula Ford Championship">
2003 Australian Formula Ford Championship

The 2003 Australian Formula Ford Championship was a CAMS sanctioned national motor racing title for drivers of Formula Ford racing cars. The championship was contested over an eight round series with two races per round. 
Race calendar.
Championship points were awarded on a 20-15-12-10-8-6-4-3-2-1 basis to the first ten finishers in each race. An additional point was awarded to the driver gaining pole position for the first race at each round. 
Results.
Note: Race 2 of Round 1 at Phillip Island was cancelled due to inclement weather.

</doc>
<doc id="19997876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997876" title="James F. Ellis">
James F. Ellis

James Fraser Ellis (June 11, 1870 – April 3, 1937) was a physician and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Guysborough County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1904 to 1920 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Upper Stewiacke, Nova Scotia, the son of William Ellis and Margaret Fraser. He was educated at the Pictou Academy and Western University. Ellis set up practice at Sherbrooke. In 1901, he married Alice L. Stewart. He was first elected to the provincial assembly in a 1904 by-election held after John Howard Sinclair was elected to the House of Commons. Ellis married Ethel Anderson in 1907, after the death of his first wife. He was named speaker for the provincial assembly in February, 1912, serving until 1916. Ellis served in the army medical corps during World War I. He was named to the Federal Pensions Board in 1920 and moved to Ottawa. He died there are the age of 66.

</doc>
<doc id="19997877" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997877" title="Dayna Edwards">
Dayna Edwards

Dayna Edwards is a rugby union player from Australia. He is a Prop and plays for FC Grenoble. He previously played for the Queensland Reds.

</doc>
<doc id="19997885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997885" title="The Zoya Factor">
The Zoya Factor

The Zoya Factor is a novel written by Anuja Chauhan, published by HarperCollins India in 2008. It is about a Rajput girl named Zoya Singh Solanki who meets the Indian Cricket Team through her job as an executive in an advertising agency and ends up becoming a lucky charm for the team for the 2010 Cricket World Cup. Writer Anuja Chauhan started working on her debut novel in 2006, writing during her spare time. Having work on Pepsi brand for 13 years while working with JWT Delhi, where she was Vice President and closely associated with cricket advertising, eventually led to cricket becoming the setting of her novel
Plot summary.
Zoya Solanki is a client service rep with an advertising agency, who loves everything about her job especially the brand she has been put in charge of – Zing Cola (Pepsi in a fictional avatar). But when she’s made to leave an ad film shoot, featuring none other than Shah Rukh Khan, and has to go to Dhaka to shoot an ad with the Indian cricket team she begins to experience her first pangs of irritation towards the brand(Zing). Making matters somewhat worse, the team captain Nikhil Khoda insists on discipline as a norm and cuts her important shoot short. This causes her to stay back a few more days than anticipated and miss the Shah Rukh Khan film shoot. When the men in blue realise that Zoya was born at the very moment India won the first and the only cricket World Cup in 1983, they are appaled. What intrigues them more was when they realised that having breakfast with her is followed by victories on the field, and when not eating with her results in defeat. They decide she is a lucky charm. 
As luck would have it, the rag tag team had a sudden spurt of victories and soon the cricket-crazy nation declares her a goddess. Soon, Zoya is invited by the eccentric IBCC (stands for Indian Board of Cricket Control, and is a spoof on BCCI, Board of Control for Cricket in India) president to accompany the team to the ICC World Cup in Australia. 
Pursued by international cricket boards on the one hand, wooed by cola majors on the other, Zoya struggles to stay grounded in the thick of the World Cup action. 
And it doesn't help that she keeps clashing with the erratically brilliant new Indian skipper, who tells her flatly that he doesn't believe in luck. What follows is a love-hate relationship; attraction and antagonism. Zoya is luck personified and she never ceases to be the lucky charm for the men-in-blue.
Reception.
The book was well received by the media. It constantly features in the Top 5 of many newspapers in India. "The Asian Age" ranked it No. 1 for 3 weeks when it was released. According to "The Times Of India", "it is a fun read which takes the Indian chick-lit way beyond mush and smut, right to freakily naughty. Her writing is very funny, very now and very funny. Her themes of cricket, love and politics are smartly topical." Apart from the novel's subject matter, cricket, that India is obsessed with, what makes the book unique in Indian publishing history is the whopping print run of 20,000 copies at the launch. "It is very unusual for any publisher in India to go in for such a huge print run for a commercial debut novel, but we were confident of The Zoya Factor right at the first time we read hero's manuscript," said hero heeralal, editor and publisher, HarperCollins Publishers India.
Film adaptation.
The novel was optioned for a film by Shah Rukh Khans Red Chillies Entertainment production company, for a period of three years.

</doc>
<doc id="19997907" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997907" title="Karl Rettlinger">
Karl Rettlinger

Karl Rettlinger (8 February 1913 — 14 June 1990) was a Sturmbannführer (Major) in the Waffen-SS who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross on the 20 December 1943, for personally destroying 30 Russian tanks on the Eastern Front, including 6 in one attack. He was also awarded the wound badge in Gold for being wounded 5 times in action.

</doc>
<doc id="19997909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997909" title="Aggro Ansage Nr. 4">
Aggro Ansage Nr. 4

Aggro Ansage Nr. 4 is the fourth compilation album by the signed artists of Berlin label Aggro Berlin.

</doc>
<doc id="19997944" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997944" title="Wim Van Diest">
Wim Van Diest

Wim Van Diest (born 2 March 1977) is a Belgian footballer currently playing for Excelsior Veldwezelt. He played in the Jupiler League for Lommel

</doc>
<doc id="19997954" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997954" title="Bart Vandepoel">
Bart Vandepoel

Bart Vandepoel (born 30 March 1982) is a Belgian footballer currently playing for Excelsior Veldwezelt.

</doc>
<doc id="19997971" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997971" title="Jorge Elich">
Jorge Elich

Jorge Elich (aged 8 as of January 31, 2008) is a young Spanish lion tamer. He holds the Guinness World Record for being the youngest lion tamer in the world. His most recent documented performance was in the Circus Paris in El Ejido, near Almeria, Spain, in January 2008. Jorge, the youngest of six siblings, took over from his ailing father when he was 5 years old.

</doc>
<doc id="19997989" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997989" title="BREEAM">
BREEAM

BREEAM (Building Research Establishment Environmental Assessment Methodology) is the world’s longest established and most widely used method of assessing, rating and certifying the sustainability of buildings. More than 250,000 buildings have been BREEAM certified and over a million are registered for certification – many in the UK and others in more than 50 countries around the world.
Purpose.
BREEAM works to raise awareness amongst owners, occupiers, designers and operators of the benefits of taking a sustainability approach. It helps them to successfully and cost effectively adopt sustainable solutions, and provides market recognition of their achievements.
Using independent, licensed assessors, BREEAM assesses scientifically-based criteria covering a range of issues in categories that evaluate energy and water use, health and wellbeing, pollution, transport, materials, waste, ecology and management processes. Buildings are rated and certified on a scale of ‘Pass’, ‘Good’, ‘Very Good’, ‘Excellent’ and ‘Outstanding’. 
By setting sustainability benchmarks and targets that continue to stay ahead of regulatory requirements – and by encouraging the use of innovative means of achieving these targets – BREEAM drives greater sustainability and innovation in the built environment.
History.
Work on creating BREEAM began at Building Research Establishment (BRE) (based in Watford, UK) in 1988, and the first version for assessing new office buildings was launched in 1990. This was followed by versions for other buildings including superstores, industrial units and existing offices.
In 1998 there was a major revamp of the BREEAM Offices standard, and the scheme’s layout, with features such as weighting for different sustainability issues, was established. The development of BREEAM then accelerated with annual updates and variations for other building types such as retail premises being introduced.
A version of BREEAM for new homes called EcoHomes was launched in 2000. This scheme was later used as the basis of the Code for Sustainable Homes, which was developed by BRE for the UK Government in 2006/7 and replaced EcoHomes in England and Wales.
An extensive update of all BREEAM schemes in 2008 resulted in the introduction of mandatory post-construction reviews, minimum standards and innovation credits. International versions of BREEAM were also launched that year.
The latest major update in 2011 resulted in the launch of BREEAM New Construction, which is now used to assess and certify all new UK buildings. This revision included the reclassification and consolidation of issues and criteria to further streamline the BREEAM process. The next update of the BREEAM Standard will be launched in 2014.
Scope.
BREEAM has expanded from its original focus on individual new buildings at the construction stage to encompass the whole life cycle of buildings from planning to in-use and refurbishment. Its regular revisions and updates are driven by the on-going need to improve sustainability, respond to feedback from industry and support the UK’s sustainability strategies and commitments.
Highly flexible, the BREEAM standard can be applied to virtually any building and location, with versions for new buildings, existing buildings, refurbishment projects and large developments:
BREEAM New Construction is the BREEAM standard against which the sustainability of new, non-residential buildings in the UK is assessed. Developers and their project teams use the scheme at key stages in the design and procurement process to measure, evaluate, improve and reflect the performance of their buildings.
BREEAM International New Construction is the BREEAM standard for assessing the sustainability of new residential and non-residential buildings in countries around the world, except for the UK and other countries with a national BREEAM scheme (see below). This scheme makes use of assessment criteria that take account of the circumstances, priorities, codes and standards of the country or region in which the development is located.
BREEAM In-Use is a scheme to help building managers reduce the running costs and improve the environmental performance of existing buildings. It has three parts – Parts 1 (building asset) and 2 (building management) are relevant to all non-domestic, commercial, industrial, retail and institutional buildings. Part 3 (occupier management) of the BREEAM In-Use certification scheme is currently restricted to offices.
BREEAM Refurbishment provides a design and assessment method for sustainable housing refurbishment projects, helping to cost effectively improve the sustainability and environmental performance of existing dwellings in a robust way.
A scheme for non-housing refurbishment projects is being developed and is targeted for launch in early 2014. The launch date will be announced once the piloting and independent peer review processes has been completed.
BREEAM Communities focusses on the masterplanning of whole communities. It is aimed at helping construction industry professionals to design places that people want to live and work in, are good for the environment and are economically successful.
National Scheme Operators.
BREEAM is used in more than 50 countries, with several in Europe having gone a stage further to develop country-specific BREEAM schemes operated by National Scheme Operators (NSOs). There are currently NSOs affiliated to BREEAM in:
The Netherlands – the Dutch Green Building Council operates BREEAM NL
Spain – the Instituto Tecnológico de Galicia operates BREEAM ES
Norway – the Norwegian Green Building Council operates BREEAM NOR
Sweden – the Swedish Green Building Council operates BREEAM SE
Germany – the German Institute for Sustainable Real Estate (DIFNI) is operating BREEAM DE
Austria – DIFNI is operating BREEAM AT
Switzerland – DIFNI is adapting BREEAM CH
Luxembourg – DIFNI is adapting BREEAM LU.
Schemes developed by NSOs can take any format as long as they comply with a set of overarching requirements laid down in the Code for a Sustainable Built Environment. They can be produced from scratch by adapting current BREEAM schemes to the local context, or by developing existing local schemes.
The cost and value of sustainability.
A growing body of research evidence is challenging the perception, still held by many, that sustainable buildings are significantly more costly to design and build than those that simply adhere to regulatory requirements. Research by the Sweett Group into projects using BREEAM, for example, demonstrates that sustainable options often add little or no capital cost to a development project. Where such measures do incur additional costs, these can frequently be paid back through lower running expenses, ultimately leading to saving over the life of the building.
Research studies have also highlighted the enhanced value and quality of sustainable buildings. Achieving the standards required by BREEAM requires careful planning, design, specification and detailing, and a good working relationship between the client and project team – the very qualities that can produce better buildings and better conditions for building users. A survey commissioned by Schneider Electric and undertaken by BSRIA examined the experiences of a wide range of companies that had used BREEAM. The findings included, for example, that 88% think it is a good thing, 96% would use the scheme again and 88% would recommend BREEAM to others.
The greater efficiency and quality associated with sustainability are also helping to make such building more commercially successful. There is growing evidence, for example, that BREEAM-rated buildings provide increased rates of return for investors, and increased rental rates and sales premiums for developers and owners. A Maastricht University document, published by RICS Research, reported on a study of the effect of BREEAM certification on office buildings in London from 2000-2009. It found, for example, that these buildings achieved a 21% premium on transaction prices and an 18% premium on rents.

</doc>
<doc id="19997993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997993" title="Eric Doyle (rugby league)">
Eric Doyle (rugby league)

Eric Doyle is an Irish professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s, playing at representative level for Ireland, and at club level for Dublin Blues.
International honours.
Eric Doyle won caps for Ireland while at Dublin Blues 1996 2-caps (sub).

</doc>
<doc id="19997995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19997995" title="Long Beach Fire Department">
Long Beach Fire Department

The Long Beach Fire Department (New York) is provides combination paid and volunteer fire prevention, fire suppression, rescue and emergency ambulance services in the following communities on Long Beach Barrier Island, in Nassau County, New York:
The department, also known as the LBFD, is a combination career and volunteer department that responds to approximately 4,700 emergency calls annually. Emergency operations are commanded by a Fire Chief and two Assistant Chiefs, all from the ranks of the volunteer force. In the absence of a Chief officer, the career Lietuenant on duty is the next in command. Administrative activities are handled by a city appointed Fire Commissioner and four Deputy Fire Commissioners; all non-salaried. The LBFD operates out of 3 Fire Stations with a fleet of 4 Engines, 2 Tower Ladders, 1 Heavy Rescue, 3 Ambulances, 2 Water Rescue Vehicles, 1 Rescue Jet Ski, 1 Floodlight Unit, 1 Command Post, 4 Command Vehicles, and 1 Personnel Carrier.
Fire Station Locations and Fire Companies.
The department consists of eight individual companies. Listed below are the companies, their location, as well as the units they maintain and respond with and other Department support vehicles.
Additional units quarters at Fire Headquarters include, Chief 231, 1st Asst. Chief 231A, 2nd Asst. Chief 231B, Chief's Aide 237, Water Rescue Unit 2385, Water Rescue Unit 2395, and Water Rescue Unit 2399(Jet Ski).

</doc>
<doc id="19998004" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998004" title="Kunnicode">
Kunnicode

Kunnicode is a small village on NH 208 ( Kollam-Thirumangalam highway) in the Kollam District. It is located eight kilometers from Kottarakkara, ten kilometers from Pathanapuram and ten kilometers from Punalur. The Pachilakkunnu hill located here is very famous.
There is a recent proposal to construct Sabari ByPass, which serves as an alternative to travel from Thiruvananthapuram to Sabarimala (The normal route is through Kottarakkara, Adoor and Pathanamthitta). This proposed route passes through Kunnicode. As per the proposal,a new stretch of road 0f 18 kilometres will be constructed Via: Pathanapuram(SH 08)-Kunnicode-Melila-Valakom (joins MC Road). This road reduces the distance from Thiruvananthapuram to Pathanapuram and Konni by 10 kilometres. Famous temples like Avaneeswaram Mahadever Temple, Kadumangalam Sree Mahadever (Kochambalam)Melila Devi Temple, Kidangayil Devi Temple and Pachilla Pally,Kunnicodu Muslim jamath pally are situated in this small village. This place is known for its communal harmony. Avaneeswaram High School, Ilavankuzhy LPS and Kunnicode LPS are the oldest educational institutes.
Nearest Railhead: Avaneeswarem.
References.
North Malabar Gramin Bank

</doc>
<doc id="19998012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998012" title="Roads in Serbia">
Roads in Serbia

Roads in Serbia are the backbone of its transportation system and constitute important transit roads in Europe. They are categorized as: state highways, class I; state highways, class II; local roads; municipal roads. Total length of public roads in Serbia is 40,845 km, of which 5,525 km are state highways, class I (including 651 km of motorways and expressways); 11,540 km are state highways, class II, and 23,780 km are local roads.
Motorways and expressways.
Motorways () and expressways () are the backbone of the road system in Serbia. There are 628 km of motorways and 23 km of expressways, or 651 km in total.
Motorways in Serbia have three lanes (including emergency lane) in each direction, signs are white-on-green, as in the rest of former Yugoslavia and the normal speed limit is 120 km/h.
Expressways, unlike motorways, don't have emergency lanes, signs are white-on-blue and the normal speed limit is 100 km/h.
As the Serbian word for motorway is "autoput", the "A1", "A2" or "A3" road designations are used since November 2013. All state roads categorized as class I, that are motorways currently of in the future, are marked with one-digit numbers and known as class Ia. All other roads, which belong to class I, are marked with two-digit numbers and known as class Ib. Expressways belong to class Ib, too. E-numeration is also widely used on motorways.
This is the list of roads in Serbia that are or will be motorways in future. ″Motorway length″ represents length of road that is already replaced with motorway.
Expansion.
Since 1991, motorways have been under constant expansion in Serbia. Current themes of expansion include the Pan-European Corridor X, and the proposed Corridor XI.
Yearly expansion figures:
As of October 2011, the northern part of Corridor X (Belgrade to Horgoš) is completed. Its sections were opened at the following dates:
The Beška dual-carriage bridge has also been completed, with the reconstruction of the old bridge currently underway. Construction is also underway in the southern part of Corridor X (from Niš to the Bulgarian border), as well as from Leskovac to the Macedonian border. The government previously estimated that Serbia's portions of Corridor X would be completed by the end of 2013, but now 2016 is a more realistic target date.
Construction also continues on the proposed Corridor XI. Currently, there are a 12 km stretch between Ub and Lajkovac and a 40 km stretch between Ljig and Preljina under construction, and plans for the construction along the Sava river have been approved on 5 October 2011.
State highways.
New classification of state highways in Serbia entered into force in 2013. Since 2013, they are categorized as state highways, class Ia; state highways, class Ib; state highways, class IIa and state highways, class IIb . Until 2013, classification from 2012 was in use.
State highways, class Ia.
Roads that are motorways or will be replaced with motorways in future are categorized as state highways, class Ia. They are marked with one-digit numbers.
State highways, class Ib.
Major roads that won't be replaced with motorways in future are categorized as state highways, class Ib. Some of these roads are partially expressways. They are marked with two-digit numbers.
State highways, class II.
State highways, class II, are marked with three-digit numbers.
European routes.
The following European routes pass through Serbia:

</doc>
<doc id="19998014" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998014" title="Motorways in Serbia">
Motorways in Serbia

The motorways in Serbia are called autoput () and the name, like its translation in most languages, simply means "auto road".
The system has inherited much from the former Yugoslavia. Pay-tolls ("putarine") remain in place and the speed limit is .
The highways were originally marked with yellow-colour hard shoulder lines and some of these remain in place, they are however slowly being phased out and replaced with white. The motorway roadsigns maintain their green colour background, a feature shared with Switzerland, Italy, Denmark, Sweden, Greece, Lithuania and the United States as well as the other former Yugoslav republics. The roads are on the whole straight with good surfacing, and better maintained than the national roads.
Motorway A1.
The first motorway runs from the Horgoš border crossing with Hungary (for Röszke), passing Belgrade (A3 and A2 junction), Kruševac (A5 junction), Niš (A4 junction), and continuing onto the main border crossing with the Republic of Macedonia, "Preševo-Tabanovce" near Bujanovac.
The large part of this express route was built whilst Serbia was a part of the SFR Yugoslavia. Motorway A1 is part of European route E75.
Motorway A2.
The A2 is a route that will connect Belgrade with Požega. The route passes Obrenovac and Čačak. A2 is planned to be turned into a motorway with 4 lanes by 2016.
Motorway A3.
The A3 is only completed motorway in Serbia, that links Croatia with Belgrade.
Motorway A4.
The A4 is the connection of A1 to Bulgaria, part of European route E80.
Motorway A5.
The A5 is a route that will connect A1 with A2. The route passes Kruševac and Kraljevo.

</doc>
<doc id="19998015" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998015" title="Emil Wiesemann">
Emil Wiesemann

Emil Wiesmann was a Hauptsturmführer (Captain) in the Waffen SS who was awarded a posthumous Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross after being killed in action on 14 November 1943, while in command of the 2nd Battery, 1st SS Sturmgeschütz (Assault Gun) Battalion, 1st SS Division Leibstandarte SS Adolf Hitler.

</doc>
<doc id="19998036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998036" title="Cincinnati Northern Railroad">
Cincinnati Northern Railroad

Cincinnati Northern Railroad or Cincinnati Northern Railway may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19998037" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998037" title="Pob Pee Fah">
Pob Pee Fah

Pob Pee Fah (; ) is a Thai ghost story, made as a TV series (known as a "lakorn", the Thai equivalent of a soap opera). Set partly in the 19th century, it shares some plot details with an earlier series, "Jao Nang", which aired in 1990, and on which some observers believe it was based.
"Pob Pee Fah" was considered by many to be one of the scariest of Thai lakorns, and actress Woranut Wongsawan, appearing in her first lakorn, claimed in a later interview that a real "Pee Fah" (a type of Thai ghost) appeared during the shooting of one of the scenes.
The legend.
The story is based on an old Thai legend of a type of ghost or spirit known as a "Pee Fah" (), or "Phi Pop" ().
The "Pee Fah" needs to possess a host in order to live, and only leaves the host's body when the host is asleep. Before the host dies, the "Pee Fah" must find a new host in which it can reside, and that is achieved by inducing the new victim to consume saliva from the old host. These ghosts are powerful and fearful, and if one succeeds in entering someone, it will possess them for life, feeding on the intestines and blood of human victims.
A "Pee Fah" can be banished from its host by the performance of a special dance, in which the exorcist moves in whirlpool-like motions. The ghost is drawn out by the whirling effects, and so leaves the host's body.
The original version of the legend tells of a Prince who was a practitioner of magic, and who discovered an incantation that enabled him to enter and possess the bodies of living victims. On one occasion when the prince said the magic words to enter the body of an animal, his servant overheard him, and used the words to enter the vacated body of the Prince.
The Prince, having discovered his servant's action, entered the body of a bird and flew to his wife to seek help. Between them they destroyed the body of the servant. Next, the prince (in the bird's body) challenged the servant (in the prince's body) to enter the body of an animal. When the servant foolishly entered and took control of the animal's body, the real Prince re-entered his own body, leaving the spirit of the servant with no body of his own to return to.
From that day on, the spirit of the servant was condemned to seeking a succession of new hosts.
Plot Summary.
"Pob Pee Fah" tells the tale of a princess, how she is originally possessed by a spirit or ghost known as a "Pee Fah", or "Pee Pob", and how the ghost subsequently takes possession of her descendants, one generation at a time.
First Generation.
In the 19th century, in the northeast of Thailand, Princess Nang Fah leaves her palace with two of her royal servants, to go and live in a rural village. At the time, the area is being haunted by a fearful spirit, the "Pee Fah", which, according to legend, possesses its hosts and, using their bodies, feasts on the intestines and blood of its human victims.
The princess was, in fact, the granddaughter of an exorcist who had previously combated the spirit, and she had been practicing the traditional exorcism dance for years as she grew up.
The dance was beautiful, but using it for an exorcism is a dangerous undertaking, and as Nang Fah makes her attempt, the "Pee Fah" is able to enter her body after she inadvertently takes in some of its saliva, which it has deposited on a nearby green leaf. The spirit has successfully continued its revenge against the princess's family of exorcists.
Possessed, she has become "Pee Nang Fah" (the ghost Nang Fah), and a new generation of "Pee Fah" is released to continue its bloody nightly hunts.
Second Generation.
Nang Fah marries a brave man and they have a daughter. But her husband discovers her secret when he catches her about to kill their own daughter for food. He offers to take her place instead, and the daughter is saved. As time passes and as Nang Fah ages, she transfers some of her saliva to her daughter and her daughter is possessed by the "Pee Fah", becoming the next "Pee Nang Fah".
She becomes the most evil manifestation of them all, by day having the appearance of a normal woman. But when hunting with Nang Fah's royal servant at night, she changes into a beautiful princess with a green face, and pursues travelers who pass during the night. Before she kills them, she dances the whirlpool dance to appear even more dreadful.
The Last Generation?
The daughter of Nang Fah marries a handsome man and they in turn have a daughter of their own. She is named "Kaew", and is destined to become the next "Pee Nang Fah" in turn.
When Kaew's father unexpectedly dies from an illness, a young doctor who visits the village hears stories of local people who have mysteriously died or disappeared. He investigates, and discovers that the killer is Kaew's mother, possessed by the "Pee Fah". Kaew refuses to believe him when told, being firmly convinced that her mother is just an ordinary old lady.
What will happen to Kaew? Will she stop her mother and end the "Pee Nang Fah" line, or will she become the next to take up the terrible role?
The Pob Pee Fah Song and Dance.
In the opening sequence, the series star Woranut Wongsawan sings and performs a version of the exorcism dance, mixing it with northeastern Thai traditional dancing. Having to dance its subtle movements while wearing traditional dress, Woranut needed to practice for several months before shooting started.
Remake.
A remake of "Pob Pee Fah" in the form of a new lakorn was announced in 2009, with the award winning actress Chiranan Manochaem in the role of Pee Nang Fah.
Pee Fah appearances in Thailand.
In 2007, following the mysterious deaths of four villagers in the Sam Chai district of the northeastern Thai province of Kalasin, 1,000 residents, fearing the cause to be evil spirits, raised 35,000 baht to pay for the exorcism of a "Pee Fah", believed to be possessing two of the female villagers.

</doc>
<doc id="19998055" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998055" title="Jessica Mae Stover">
Jessica Mae Stover

Jessica Mae Stover of Virginia is a motion picture auteur director, screenwriter and actor as well as an author and Millennial generation philosopher. She is best known for the motion picture project "Artemis Eternal" and the associated movie start-up, her books "", "Greyfeather" and "A Millennial Proposal", and a show with an audience of five million behind the world's largest walled garden on AOL, Jessica's Crush.
Philosophy.
Appearance and identification.
Despite sometimes appearing in personally designed "uniforms," Jessica Mae Stover is frequently not recognized by press and fans, even at her own events. She has remarked that this effect is "somewhat intentional." The following three photos to the left were captured in the same week and illustrate the drastic differences that often reside in her outward appearance, leading to difficulties in recognizing the artist off-screen.

</doc>
<doc id="19998056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998056" title="Fraujaz">
Fraujaz

The epithet came to be taken as the proper name of two separate deities in Norse mythology, Freyr and Freyja. In both Old Norse and Old High German the female epithet became a female honorific "lady", in German "Frau" further weakened to the standard address "Mrs." and further to the normal word for "woman", replacing earlier "wîp" (English "wife") and "qinô" (English "queen") "woman".
Just like Norse "Freyja" is usually interpreted as a hypostasis of "*Frijjō" (Frigg), Norse "Freyr" is associated with "Ingwaz" (Yngvi) based on the Ynglingasaga which names "Yngvi-Freyr" as the ancestor of the kings of Sweden, which as Common Germanic "*Ingwia-fraujaz" would have designated the "lord of the Ingvaeones. Both Freyr and Freyja are represented zoomorphically by the pig: Freyr has "Gullinbursti" ("golden bristles") while Freyjahas "Hildisvíni" has ("battle-pig"), and one of Freyja's many names is "Syr", i.e. "sow".
The term's etymology is ultimately from a PIE "*pro-w-(y)o-s", containing "*pro-" "in front" (c.f. "first", "Fürst" and Sanskrit "purohita" "high priest", lit. "placed foremost or in front"). Variants indicate "n"-stems "*fraujan-", "*frōwōn-". The feminine *"frawjō" "lady, "domina"" in Old English is attested only in a single isolated occurrence as "frēo" "woman" in the translation of the fragmentary Old Saxon "Genesis" poem, in the alliterating phrase "frēo fægroste" "fairest of women". The stem was confused from early times with "*frīj-", which has variants "frēo-, frīo-, frēa-" (a contraction of "*īj-" and a following back vowel) beside a less frequent "frīg-" (/fri:j-/), by development of a glide between "ī" and a following front vowel. The two forms would originally have figured in complementary distribution within the same paradigm (e.g. masculine nominative singular "frēo", masculine genitive singular "frīges"), but in attested Old English analogical forms are already present and the distribution is no longer complementary
For Old Norse, Snorri says that "freyja" is a "tignarnafn" (name of honour) derived from the goddess, that grand ladies, "rîkiskonur", are "freyjur". The goddess should be in Swed. "Fröa", Dan. "Fröe"; the Swed. folk-song of Thor's hammer calls Freyja "Froijenborg" (the Dan. "Fridlefsborg"), a Danish one has already the foreign "Fru". Saxo is silent about this goddess and her father altogether; he would no doubt have named her "Fröa". The Merseburg charm has "Frûâ" = "Frôwâ" as the proper name of the goddess.
In Germanic Christianity, the epithet became a name of God, translating , "" (Gothic "frauja", Old English "frēa", Old High German "frô").
Old Norse "Freyr" would correspond to a Gothic *"fráus" or *"fravis", instead of which Ulfila has "fráuja" (gen. "fráujins") to translate , pointing to a proto-form "*frawjaz" in North Germanic, but a "*frauwaz" in West Germanic and Gothic. 
In Old High German, the full form *"frouwo" was already lost, the writers preferring "truhtîn" and "hêrro" "lord". In the Old Low German, it survives in the vocative, as "frô mîn!" "my lord!" The Heliand has "frô mîn the gôdo", "waldand frô mîn", "drohtîn frô mîn", besides "frôho" (gen. "frôhon") and "frâho" (gen. "frâhon").
Old English "freá" (gen. "freán", for "freâan", "freâwan") is more common in poetry, as in "freá ælmihtig" (Cædmon 1.9; 10.1), and it also forms compounds: "âgendfreá", "aldorfreá", "folcfreá" and even combines with "dryhten" ("freádryhten", Cædm. 54.29, gen. "freahdrihtnes', Beowulf 1585, dat. "freodryhtne" 5150).
By the side of OHG "frô", there is found the indeclinable adjective "frôno", which, placed before or after substantives, imparts the notion of lordly, high and holy, as in "der frône bote" "the angel of the Lord", conspicuously avoiding the genitive singular (*"frôin bote").
It survives in Modern German as "Fron-" in compounds such as "Frondienst" "socage", whence also a verb "frönen".
Grimm attaches significance to the avoidance and the grammatical peculiarities of the lexeme in OHG:
The word occurs in given names, such as Gothic Fráuja or Fráujila, OHG Frewilo, AS Wûscfreá Old English "freáwine" in Beowulf is an epithet of divine or god-loved heroes and kings, but Freáwine (Saxo's "Frowinus") is also attested as a personal name, reflected also as OHG "Frôwin", while the Edda has uses"Freys vinr" of Sigurðr and Saxo says of the Swedish heroes in the Bråvalla fight that they were "Frö dei necessarii". Skaldic '"fiörnis freyr, myrðifreyr" (Kormakssaga) means "hero" or "man". In the same way the Kormakssaga uses fem. "freyja" in the sense "woman, lady".

</doc>
<doc id="19998064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998064" title="Iraya">
Iraya

Iraya can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19998071" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998071" title="Henry March">
Henry March

Henry Albert March (December 14, 1863 – June 20, 1917) was a physician and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Lunenburg County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1906 to 1909 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Bridgewater, Nova Scotia, the son of Stephen March, born in Dorsetshire, England, and Elizabeth Keating. March was educated at Acadia College and the medical school of the University of Michigan. He practiced for a short time in Ann Arbor, Michigan before returning to Bridgewater, where he served the community as a physician for 25 years. In 1887, he married Dotte B. Cook. In 1913, he moved to Lockeport. March was coroner for Lunenburg County and surgeon for the county asylum; he was also health officer for Bridgeport. He served as president of the provincial medical society in 1904 and 1905 and was vice-president of the British Medical Society in 1906. He died in 1917.

</doc>
<doc id="19998072" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998072" title="Francisco de Meneses Brito">
Francisco de Meneses Brito

Francisco de Meneses Brito (died 1672) was Royal Governor of Chile between 1664 and 1667.

</doc>
<doc id="19998082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998082" title="Tanya Halesworth">
Tanya Halesworth

Tanya Halesworth (1935 – 8 October 2008) was best known as an Australian television personality, but was also a teacher, actor, public relations adviser and manager, and psychologist. She won the 1961 TV Week Logie Award for Most Popular Female in New South Wales. Tony Stephens wrote in his obituary that "during her time on television, hers was one of the most recognisable faces in Australia".
Early life.
Halesworth was born in Brisbane to Iris Kemp and her insurance husband salesman, Reg Kemp. Reg left the family not long after Tanya's birth; her mother remarried and had three sons. The family moved to Sydney and Tanya went to Darlinghurst Primary School and then the selective Sydney Girls High School. In 1951, she was vice-captain of the school.
She worked as a clerk in a sheriff's office, before training as a teacher at Bathurst Teacher's College. She taught in primary schools for three years, as well as acting with small theatre companies and working on TV commercials. In 1955 she married teacher Brian Halesworth, but they were divorced in 1959.
Television career.
In 1958, when she was 23 years old, she won a job as a studio announcer with the ABC, beating 200 applicants. Christine Hogan, speaking on women in the media, described her as "a school teacher with a dramatic bent". By 1961 her work for the ABC included the show "Six O'Clock Rock". At the same time she was studying for an arts degree at Sydney University and performing in Clare Boothe Luce's "The Women" at the Independent Theatre.
Halesworth left the ABC in 1962 to join Channel Seven to host a tenpin bowling program. It was here that she met interviewer and announcer, John Bailey, who was later to become her husband. For the next two years she worked on shows such as "Talking Point" as well as continuing to perform on stage. One of her roles during this time was Juliet in Peter Ustinov's comedy "Romanoff and Juliet".
In 1964, having graduated with a first class honours bachelor of arts degree from Sydney University, she went to England where she hosted Granada Television's program "The Headliners". However, she returned to Australia in 1965 and married John Bailey in 1967, despite having once reportedly said that "it was entirely against man's instincts to be tied down to one woman". Bailey and Halesworth worked for Channel Ten in Sydney and then Melbourne.
From 1965 to 1968, she co-produced with Bill Peach a current affairs show on Channel Ten called "Telescope". Peach also anchored the show with Halesworth being one of the reporters, alongside Ken Cook and Tony Ward.
From 1979 to 1980 she hosted ABC's Sunday Spectrum program which was compendium style show comprising a varying mix of documentaries, music, and visiting guests. She also worked on Channel Ten's "Good Morning Australia (breakfast TV)".
Later career and life.
During the 1980s, Halesworth tutored at Macquarie University and completed a master's degree in philosophy, doing her thesis on Karl Marx. She moved into public relations and management, and managed the career of Australian swimmer Tracey Wickham. Her last career was as a psychologist.
John Bailey died in 1998, and Halesworth moved back to Queensland, living first in the Gold Coast and then the Sunshine Coast where she kept practising as a psychologist until becoming ill in late 2007.
She died of cancer on 8 October 2008, and was survived by her three sons, John, Michael and Kieran.

</doc>
<doc id="19998095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998095" title="Mercedes-Benz GLA-Class">
Mercedes-Benz GLA-Class

The Mercedes-Benz GLA-Class is a luxury compact crossover automobile unveiled by the German manufacturer Mercedes-Benz at the 2013 Frankfurt Auto Show. It was previously unveiled to the public at the Shanghai Auto Show in April 2013 as a concept car. 
Designed to compete with the BMW X1 and Audi Q3, it will slot below the Mercedes-Benz GLK-Class and will be front-wheel-drive-based.
Technical detail.
The GLA-Class shares its platform with the A-Class and B-Class, with a similar range of petrol and diesel engines. 
The range is topped by the GLA45 AMG, sharing the same 2.0-litre 4-cylinder turbo engine as the A45 AMG and CLA45 AMG mated to a seven-speed DCT gearbox, to all-wheel drive called 4Matic.
The GLA-Class nicely parallels the forthcoming and equally A-class–based CLA sedan. The GLA should arrive in the U.S. market sometime this year as a 2014 model.
Concept car.
The car was presented under the form of a concept car, the Concept GLA, for the first time in April 2013 at the Shanghai Auto Show. The concept features a 2.0-litre turbo petrol engine producing , driving all four wheels through a seven-speed dual-clutch automatic gearbox.

</doc>
<doc id="19998097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998097" title="Ingjald Ørbeck Sørheim">
Ingjald Ørbeck Sørheim

Ingjald Ørbeck Sørheim (28 July 1937 – 18 September 2010) was a Norwegian jurist and politician for the Labour Party.
He was born in Lena. After moving to Oslo in 1952 he finished his secondary education at Grefsen in 1956, he studied Russian language in the Norwegian military, and in 1960 at the Moscow State University. He then graduated from the University of Oslo with the cand.jur. degree in 1965. He was a research assistant in 1964, secretary for the Ottosen Committee in 1966 and adviser for the Labour Party parliamentary group from 1966 to 1969.
He then entered civil service as a head of department in the Ministry of Education and Church Affairs from 1969 to 1976, deputy under-secretary of state in the Ministry of Trade from 1976 to 1979 and the Ministry of the Environment from 1979 to 1982. He was then managing director of the Foundation for Student Life in Oslo for one year, special adviser in NTNF in 1983 and after that practising as a lawyer. From 1980 to 1982 he was a board member of the NTNF and a deputy board member of the NAVF. He has also been a board member of Den norske Bank and deputy chair of Oslo Nye Teater.
Sørheim was active in national politics. He served as a deputy representative to the Parliament of Norway from Oslo during the term 1969–1973. In 1981, during Brundtland's First Cabinet, he was a secretary of state at the Office of the Prime Minister.
From 1977 to 1979 he was married to Else Michelet. He resided in Huk. Sørheim died in September 2010, a day after suffering from a stroke.

</doc>
<doc id="19998105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998105" title="Vienna Mozart Orchestra">
Vienna Mozart Orchestra

The Vienna Mozart Orchestra, with its 30 musicians, was founded in 1986 and has devoted itself entirely to that great composer of the Viennese classical period, Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. Since its foundation 20 years ago, the orchestra has found a permanent place in Viennese concert life, becoming a fixture in the City of Vienna’s musical programmes for tourist entertainment every summer.
The Orchestra.
A number of musicians from famous Viennese orchestras and ensembles collaborate with the Vienna Mozart Orchestra as soloists and conductors, among them members of the Vienna Philharmonic and the Vienna Symphony orchestras. In addition, singers from world-famous opera houses, principally from the Vienna State Opera and the Vienna Volksoper, perform with the Vienna Mozart Orchestra.
The concerts.
Best-known and most popular is the concert series “Vienna Mozart Concerts in historical costumes”, performed every year from May until the end of October, four times a week. An ideal background for these concerts is provided by the Golden Hall of the Musikverein, the Vienna State Opera and by the Great Hall of the Konzerthaus (each about 40 concerts a year).
As a co-production with Klangbogen Wien within the framework of the Millennium celebrations in 1996, ten open-air concerts were performed on the Millennium stage in front of Schloss Schönbrunn.
A guest performance during the Carinthian Summer in Ossiach in August 1997, under the leadership of Ernst Ottensamer, member of the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra, was a great success.
In June 1996, the Vienna Mozart Orchestra performed in front of an illustrious international audience during a gala evening at the Vienna Hofburg organised by the Chase Manhattan Bank.
On tour.
Beyond its regular concert program at the most important concert halls in its home city, the Vienna Mozart Orchestra develops intensive tour activities all around the world. The orchestra has visited Japan eight times, and had the honour of opening the 1991 Mozart Year in Tokyo and to represent Austria at the Festival Internacional Cervantino in Mexico in 2002. Further guest performances have taken the orchestra to Taiwan, Korea, Singapore, Morocco, Malta, Germany, Slovenia, Italy, Spain, Greece, Canada, USA, Brazil, Panama, Turkey, Guatemala, Ukraine, Bulagaria and Cyprus.

</doc>
<doc id="19998110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998110" title="Karim Darwish">
Karim Darwish

Karim Darwish () (born 29 August 1981, in Cairo, Egypt) is a squash player from Egypt.
Career overview.
As a junior player, he won the World Junior Championship title in 2000, and the British Junior Open title in 1999.
Earlier in 2008, Darwish finished runner-up at the World Open, losing in the final to fellow Egyptian player Ramy Ashour (11–5, 8–11, 4–11, 5–11). Darwish displaced Amr Shabana to claim the world number 1 position after winning the prestigious 2008 Saudi International and 3 major titles (including the Qatar Classic) in 2008.
Darwish competed in the J.P. Morgan T.O.C, only to lose to Daryl Selby in round 1. In the Case Swedish Open in 2012, Darwish placed 2nd after losing to Gregory Gaultier in the final. Darwish managed to beat Mohamed El Shorbagy in five games at the Macau Open 2012.
Personal life.
Darwish is married to fellow squash player Engy Kheirallah.

</doc>
<doc id="19998111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998111" title="Wilderness Scotland">
Wilderness Scotland

Wilderness Scotland is an adventure travel and ecotourism company, specialising in small group walking and adventure holidays in the Scottish Highlands and Islands.
History.
Wilderness Scotland was started in September 2001 by Neil Birnie, Paul Easto and Gordon Birnie, and they were later joined by Stevie Christie. There are now 14 core staff and over 30 guides. The guides are all qualified through the National Governing Body relevant to their skills e.g. - Scottish Mountain Leader Association.
Sustainable tourism.
Wilderness Scotland is dedicated to sustainable tourism which is environmentally, culturally and socially responsible (ecotourism) for small groups only. The company operates to strict environmental standards and is committed to supporting the local economies in which it operates. It holds the Green Tourism Gold Award. It won Best UK Tour Operator in the 2008 Guardian Ethical Travel Award and Best Green Tour Operator in the 2007 World Travel Awards.
In 2006 Wilderness Scotland was Highly Commended at the World Responsible Tourism Awards. In 2007 it received the Investing in the Environment award at the Highlands and Islands Tourism Awards.
Holidays offered.
Wilderness Scotland organises small group trips including walking holidays, sea kayaking, mountain biking, ski touring holidays, canoeing, and photography. Their trips take people to locations such as Knoydart, the Cairngorms and Torridon; as well as islands including Skye, the Outer Hebrides, Orkney and Shetland. The company also offers self-guided walking holidays, family activity holidays and customised private group holidays.
Sibling and charitable projects.
The company works with Trees for Life, a registered charity, to contribute to creating a "Wilderness Forest" in Dundreggan. It also participates in the Leave No Trace education programme to promote enjoyment of the natural world through responsible outdoor access and practice.

</doc>
<doc id="19998113" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998113" title="Jon Bakken">
Jon Bakken

Jon Bakken (born 11 January 1943) is a Norwegian politician for the Socialist Left Party.
He served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Sør-Trøndelag during the terms 1985–1989, 1989–1993 and 1993–1997.

</doc>
<doc id="19998118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998118" title="Aral Karakum">
Aral Karakum

Aral Karakum is a desert in Kazakhstan, situated northeast of the Aral Sea. It borders on the Syr Darya river to the south. The desert covers an area of 40,000 km².
The landscape in the region is quite flat, with a height that varies from 55 to 118 meters AMSL. The dunes can reach heights of around 25 meters. The area is very dry, and the dried-out riverbeds usually only carry water during springtime, when the winter snow melts. Annual precipitation is around 120 mm. 
The winter lasts from mid-November to mid-March, with varying cloud cover and frequent fog. Mean temperature during daytime is minus 5-10 °C, and at night around -25 °C. The lowest recorded temperature is -42 °C. However, at any time during winter, mild weather is possible. Precipitation falls mostly in the winter as snow. Snow cover is usually around 15 cm deep, but can reach 30 cm. 
Summer lasts from May to mid-September. Daytime temperatures normally range 30-35 °C, but temperatures up to 43 °C have been recorded. At night the temperature drops to 15-18 °C. During summer there are often dry winds and dust storms. 
The Aral Karakum has some vegetation, mainly grasses, and it is being used for grazing of sheep. 

</doc>
<doc id="19998120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998120" title="Asle Amundsen">
Asle Amundsen

Asle Amundsen (born 27 June 1952) is a Norwegian politician for the Socialist Left Party.
He served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Nordland during the term 1985–1989.

</doc>
<doc id="19998129" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998129" title="Reidun Andersson">
Reidun Andersson

Reidun Andersson (26 June 1922 – 25 January 1992) was a Norwegian politician for the Socialist Left Party.
She served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Nordland during the terms 1981–1985.

</doc>
<doc id="19998135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998135" title="Ochthera">
Ochthera

Ochthera is a genus of flies in the family of Shore flies. The genus is distinctive because of the swollen raptorial forelegs. The larvae are predaceous on midge larvae while the adults feed on midges and mosquitoes. The genus is found around the world with about 37 species. The species "Ochthera chalybescens" has been shown to prey on African malaria vectors .
Behaviour.
It has been noted that foreleg waving may be involved in displays and UV reflective patches on the face and fore coxae may be involved.
Spreading and waving of the foreleg is involved in same sex encounters as well as with male and female pairs during approach. It is not known if it is a threat or a recognition display. Adult "Ochthera mantis" have been noted to probe sand with their proboscis and when they detect prey such as chirononomid larvae, they are excavated using the fore tibial spines and held between the tibia and femora as the prey is consumed.
All species in the genus are predaceous.

</doc>
<doc id="19998138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998138" title="Inger Marie Bakken">
Inger Marie Bakken

Inger Marie Bakken (born 3 June 1951) is a Norwegian politician for the Socialist Left Party.
She served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Sør-Trøndelag during the term 1981–1985.
She is a former member of the board of the Norwegian State Educational Loan Fund.

</doc>
<doc id="19998139" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998139" title="Richard Santulli">
Richard Santulli

Richard T. Santulli (born August 14, 1944), is an American entrepreneur and philanthropist. He is best known for pioneering the concept of fractional jet ownership with Netjets, a successful company he developed in 1986. Santulli was once considered by analysts as a possible successor to Warren Buffett at Berkshire Hathaway. He currently serves as Chairman of his latest venture, Milestone Aviation Group, a helicopter and business jet leasing company.
Early life.
Richard T. Santulli was born in Brooklyn, New York on August 14, 1944. Santulli studied at the Polytechnic University of New York, earning B.S. and M.S. degrees in mathematics.
Career.
Santulli’s first job after graduating was with Shell Oil Company.
In 1984, Santulli purchased Executive Jet, a charter service company, as a wholly owned subsidiary of RTS Capital Services. The company launched NetJets, a program that introduced a 'time-share' concept of fractional ownership (as previously seen in resort properties) to business jets, and then purchased eight Cessna Citation IIs.
In July 1998, Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc. announced that it was buying NetJets for $725 million in stock and cash. Buffett had been a NetJets customer since 1995. Santulli and his older brother, Vincent, who joined Executive Jet in 1996 after starting and taking public Porta Systems Corp, an electronics company, agreed to continue to run the business. Santulli stayed on as chairman and CEO until his resignation in August, 2009. He remained a consultant for the company through August, 2010.
In December 2009, Santulli joined Loan Value Group as chairman of the board.
In August 2010, Santulli launched Milestone Aviation Group, a helicopter and business jet leasing company where he currently serves as chairman. Santulli secured an initial $500 Million from U.S. private-equity firm Jordan Co., in conjunction with Nautic Partners to launch the business.
Santulli is currently the owner and managing general partner alongside George Prussin of Jayeff B Stables. Santulli is also a trustee of the New York Racing Association, a steward of the Jockey Club and a member of the Breeders’ Cup’s board of directors.
Philanthropic Involvement.
Santulli serves as co-chairman of The Intrepid Sea-Air-Space Museum board of directors and chairman of the board for The Intrepid Fallen Heroes Fund. He is director of Mercy Home for Children, a non-profit organization that provides residential, supportive and respite programs for individuals with developmental disabilities. In 1989, the Richard T. Santulli Residence was established in Brooklyn, New York, to provide a residence with full-time care and support services to 15 people with disabilities.
Mr. Santulli serves as a Director of the Andre Agassi Foundation for Education, an organization dedicated to transforming U.S. public education for underserved youth.

</doc>
<doc id="19998142" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998142" title="Hilde Bergebakken">
Hilde Bergebakken

Hilde Bergebakken (born 2 January 1963) is a Norwegian politician for the Socialist Left Party.
She served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Sør-Trøndelag during the term 1993–1997.

</doc>
<doc id="19998147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998147" title="Eggleston Hall">
Eggleston Hall

Eggleston Hall is a privately owned 19th-century country house near Barnard Castle, in Teesdale, County Durham, England. It is a Grade II* listed building.
History.
The manor of Eggleston was forfeited to the Crown by Charles Neville, 6th Earl of Westmorland as a consequence of his part in the Rising of the North in 1569. It was granted by the Crown to the City of London and thereafter passed through several hands until it was acquired by the Hutchinson family early in the 18th century.
The house was built on the site of the old manor house in 1817 for Timothy Hutchinson (High Sheriff of Durham in 1858) to a design by architect Ignatius Bonomi. The two-storey house has a recessed two-bayed central block flanked by projecting end bays connected by a Doric order colonnade.
The house was acquired by Sir William Cresswell Gray, 1st Baronet in 1919. It was run as a finishing school by Rosemarie Gray, the widow of William Talbot Gray (High Sheriff of Durham in 1971), the son of Sir William Gray Bt. from 1972 to 1991 but has been returned to residential use. It is, in 2008, the seat of Sir William Hume Gray, 3rd Baronet.
Filming.
The house is not generally open to the public but is available for social and corporate functions by arrangement. The walled gardens are open to the public.
The ITV series Ladette to Lady used the house as their girls' finishing school.

</doc>
<doc id="19998155" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998155" title="Asbjørn Bjørnset">
Asbjørn Bjørnset

Asbjørn Bjørnset (born 11 December 1938) is a Norwegian politician for the Socialist Left Party.
He was born in Flora and took the cand.polit. degree at the University of Bergen. He was hired at the University of Bergen in 1970. He advanced to secretary and director of the Faculty of Psychology from 1987 to 1992 and Faculty of History and Philosophy from 1993 to 2004. He was a senior adviser at the University of Bergen until 2008, and thereafter at the Norwegian Association of Higher Education Institutions.
Bjørnset was a member of Bergen city council from 1972 to 1974 and member of Hordaland county council from 1976 to 1981. He served as a deputy representative to the Parliament of Norway from Hordaland during the terms 1973–1977, 1981–1985, 1985–1989 and 1989–1993. In total he met during 220 days of parliamentary session.
He resides at Ask.

</doc>
<doc id="19998165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998165" title="Chartered Institution of Civil Engineering Surveyors">
Chartered Institution of Civil Engineering Surveyors

The Chartered Institution of Civil Engineering Surveyors or ICES is a professional association in the field of civil engineering surveying. ICES members consist mainly of quantity surveyors and geospatial engineers working and studying within civil engineering surveying. The institution began in 1969 as the Association of Surveyors in Civil Engineering and became a registered educational charity in 1992. Fellows and Members may style themselves 'Chartered Civil Engineering Surveyors'.
International Recognition.
ICES is an internationally recognised qualifying body established to regulate, educate and train surveyors working within civil engineering. The headquarters are based in the United Kingdom with 11 regions consisting of volunteer-led committee members. ICES regions include the UK, Ireland, Hong Kong and the United Arab Emirates. ICES also has memoranda of understandings agreements with many international surveying institutions and is a member of the International Federation of Surveyors (FIG).
Membership.
Applicants for membership must demonstrate that they have fulfilled the institution's competency requirements and the general competencies plus at least one specialism must be met with and signed off by a sponsor.
Members may use designations after their names such as:

</doc>
<doc id="19998169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998169" title="Vegard Bye">
Vegard Bye

Vegard Bye (born 19 March 1951) is a Norwegian political scientist and consultant, specializing in Latin America as a region and governance, human rights and democracy as thematic areas.He is presently a partner in the Oslo-based consulting company Scanteam. Simultaneously, he holds a part-time position as adjunct research fellow at The Norwegian Institute of International Affairs (NUPI), where he has written various articles on Cuba and Bolivia.
Up until 2008, he held several senior positions in the UN system, as Representative of the High Commissioner for Human Rights both in Angola and Bolivia.
Prior to that, he had a multi-faceted career as civil servant (with Norad, Norwegian Agency forInternational Development), NGO leader (Executive Director, Forum forDevelopment and the Environment), reporter and author.
He served as a Deputy Representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Oslo during the term 1993–1997, representing the Socialist Left Party.
As a consultant, he has over the last 20 years – before and after his UN career – carried out more than 60 major assignments, most of them as team leader, comprising practically all countries in Latin America and more than a dozen countries in Africa and Asia. Listed below are some of his key consulting qualifications:·     
Bye is fluent in English, Spanish and Portuguese and has a good command of French and German, in addition to his native Norwegian.
He has written a large number of articles and several books on Latin American subjects (see list of publications). Most of the books are in Norwegian but two of them are also translated to Spanish:
Mellom-Amerika: Når vulkanen våkner. Universitetsforlaget (Oslo), 1982.
Forbudenfred. Det store spillet om Mellom-Amerika i åtti-åra. Cappelen (Oslo),1990.
La Paz Prohibida. El laberinto centroamericano en la década de los ochenta. DEI (San José / Costa Rica),1991
Dette er Cuba - alt annet er løgn (together with med Dag Hoel). Spartacus (Oslo), 1996 (5th edition2006) Estoes Cuba – lo demás es cuento. Ediciones La Otra Cuba (Ciudad de Mexico), 1998
Bolívars uekte sønner – Det nye Sør-Amerika mellom Chávez og Lula. Spartacus (Oslo), 2010 
(Some evaluations Vegard Bye has been a part of through Scanteam:
Norad’s Evaluation Department decided that after about six years of activities Oil for Development (OfD) should be evaluated,with a focus on assessing the results of the approach OfD provides, but also to see if there are areas where the program ought to adjust its operations. The report provides the main findings, conclusions and recommendations of the team contracted to carry out the study on the Oil for Development.
He was part of the task team who did the Review of the Afghanistan Reconstruction Trust Fund for the World Bank, to assess the strategic positioning of the ARTF in the context of the changing needs that the Afghan transition implies(...) The review will consider how ARTF operations, management, and resourcing should evolve over the period to ensure it has the capacity to be a main conduit for international on-budget assistance to the Afghan government.”)

</doc>
<doc id="19998170" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998170" title="EVN Group">
EVN Group

EVN Group is an Austrian-based producer and transporter of electricity, one of the largest in Europe having over three million customers in 14 countries. The company also operates in water treatment, natural gas supply and waste management business areas. It is the second-largest utility in Austria.
The company produced in 2006 around 3.45 billion kWh mainly from thermal power plants (68%) and renewable energy (hydro and wind) power plants (32%). EVN Group also distributed 19.2 billion kWh of electricity in Austria (37.9%), Bulgaria (37.95%) and Macedonia (24.15%).
The company also has power generation capacities of 1,450 MW, a transmission network of 1,370 km and a distribution network of 45,000 km. EVN Group is also involved in the natural gas sector having a total network length of 10,100 km.
Less than 14% of EVN Group shares are free float, with the state of Lower Austria holding 51% and German utility EnBW owning over 35% of the firm. EVN itself owns 12.5% of Austrian peer Verbund.

</doc>
<doc id="19998175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998175" title="Wenche Cumming">
Wenche Cumming

Wenche Cumming (born 2 May 1944) is a Norwegian politician for the Socialist Left Party.
She served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Troms during the terms 1989–1993, 1993–1997 and 2001–2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19998182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998182" title="Jørun Drevland">
Jørun Drevland

Jørun Adeleid Drevland (born 15 March 1944) is a Norwegian politician for the Socialist Left Party.
She served as a deputy representative to the Parliament of Norway from Nordland during the term 1993–1997. She met during 7 days of parliamentary session.
She hails from Sortland, and together with artist Bjørn Elvenes she has been credited with the initiative to paint the town blue as an art project. She is the mother of musician Sivert Høyem.

</doc>
<doc id="19998187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998187" title="Morten Drægni">
Morten Drægni

Morten Drægni (born 19 August 1983) is a Norwegian politician for the Socialist Left Party.
He serves as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Oslo during the term 2009–2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19998198" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998198" title="Richard Edvardsen">
Richard Edvardsen

Richard Edvardsen (born 17 November 1936) is a Norwegian politician for the Socialist Left Party.
He served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Troms during the term 1993–1997.
He is a former member of the Norwegian Consumer Council.

</doc>
<doc id="19998203" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998203" title="Lars Egeland">
Lars Egeland

Lars Egeland (born 6 December 1957) is a Norwegian librarian and politician for the Socialist Left Party.
He was born in Tønsberg, and finished secondary education in Nøtterøy in 1976. He held various jobs, but after graduating from the National Library School in 1983 he worked as such in Vestfold from 1985. He was the chief librarian at Vestfold University College from 1995 to 2003, head of department in the Norwegian Archive, Library and Museum Authority from 2003 to 2007 and briefly director at Oslo University College in 2007.
He was a member of Tønsberg city council from 1979 to 2007 and Vestfold county council from 1983 to 1987 and 1989 to 1991. He served as a deputy representative to the Parliament of Norway from Vestfold during the terms 2001–2005, 2005–2009 and 2009–2013. When regular representative Inga Marte Thorkildsen became a cabinet member in March 2012, Egeland was promoted to full representative. He joined the Standing Committee on Energy and the Environment.

</doc>
<doc id="19998208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998208" title="Helga Eggebø">
Helga Eggebø

Helga Eggebø (born 6 August 1982) is a Norwegian politician for the Socialist Left Party.
She served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Rogaland during the term 2001–2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19998215" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998215" title="Daniel Stanislavjevic">
Daniel Stanislavjevic

Daniel Stanislavjevic (born July 9, 1971 in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada) is an American middleweight boxer. His current record is 8-18-3.

</doc>
<doc id="19998224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998224" title="Eirik Langeland Fjeld">
Eirik Langeland Fjeld

Eirik Langeland Fjeld (born 6 September 1973) is a Norwegian politician for the Socialist Left Party.
He served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Hordaland during the term 1997–2001.
He currently resides in Bergen, living at Møllendal with his dog, Ponte.

</doc>
<doc id="19998228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998228" title="Ragna Flotve">
Ragna Flotve

Ragna Flotve (born 25 September 1960) is a Norwegian politician for the Socialist Left Party.
She served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Hordaland during the term 2001–2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19998242" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998242" title="Andreas Frivåg">
Andreas Frivåg

Andreas Frivåg (12 August 1925 - 21 April 1991) is a Norwegian politician for the Socialist Left Party.
He served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Nordland during the term 1977–1981.

</doc>
<doc id="19998244" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998244" title="Sathi">
Sathi

Sathi ( Saathi or Sathee or Saathee) ( "companion") is a Bengali movie was released in 2002. Directed by Haranath Chakraborty, the movie featured Jeet, Priyanka Trivedi, . This film is Jeet's cinematic debut. Is a remake of Tamil blockbuster Thulladha Manamum Thullum.that is first movie of jeet and his on of the best film in tollywood. the most blockbuster in 2002 in bengali flim history now his on of best actor in tollywood.
Plot.
The film is a remake of Tamil film Thulladha Manamum Thullum. As the title suggests ' love is blind ' so is the context of the bioscope. The movie visualises the sacrifice made by the protagonist for his love. Bijoy (Jeet) is an aspiring singer with lots of talent, who resides in a village of Burdwan district. He has a caring and loving mother and a cute and helpful mother. He comes to Calcutta on the call of a musical tycoon but when he finally arrives at his home Bijoy is shocked to find his mentor dead. He takes refugee with the alcoholic Keshtoda (Ranjit Mullick) a person with a heart of gold. He architects a group of peers and all of them begin to work for an insurance company. In the meanwhile Bijoy views Sonali (Priyanka Trivedi) who stays in the same locality with her grandmother. Sonali knows Bijoy in a peculiar way. She has never seen him, but when Bijoy chants his numbers, she hears them utmost interest and becomes his ardent admirer. But whenever Bijoy and Sonali physically meet each other something or the other mishaps occurs which make Sonali misunderstand. Thus Sonali has a different picture of Bijoy in her sub-consciousness. She does not realize that one she admirers is the same person whom she hates. Things come to standstill, when Bijoy accidentally pushes Sonali from the stairs of her college and she becomes blind. When Bijoy comes to know about this, he is shattered. Then begins his series of sacrifices and love, he helps the financially strained Sonali and her grandmother by giving their rent. He brings the duo at their mess when they are expelled by their landlord and finally he sells the precious ring (Bijoy's mother's gift) to allocate the fees and cost required for Sonali's eye treatment. Even when his mother expires he keeps it a secret to everyone and takes Sonali to the eye surgeon. There he knows that Sonali can regain her eyesight if she undergoes an acute and complex operation. To acquire the cost of , Bijoy secretly wards off to Vishakapatnam with the desting to sale one of his kidney's. Bijoy sacrifices his passion to become a vocalist and secretly supports Sonali to fulfill her dream of becoming a singer, while Sonali gets success in her first stint at the recording studios, Bijoy is arrested as a terrorist on the platform of Vizag station. Thus with Bijoy's money Sonali regains eyesight and becomes a famous singer while Bijoy is sentenced to 5 years rigorous imprisonment. The day Bijoy returns after completing his sentence turns out to be the same day when Sonali was attending her musical concert. Bijoy after arriving at Howrah station eyes the hoardings of having huge cutouts of Sonali. He reaches the spot but when he tries to contact Sonali and explain to her that he is her Bijoy, he is brutally hammered by the security. Keshtoda and Bijoy's friend arrive at the juncture. They explain to Sonali the entire truth. Sonali realises that the one she has neglected for ever is her long lost love. They reunite amidst a jubilant crowd.
Critical reception.
The movie received mixed reviews but was a commercial success.

</doc>
<doc id="19998247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998247" title="Trevor Adamson">
Trevor Adamson

Trevor Adamson is a country/gospel singer best known for his song "Nyanpi Matilda", a Pitjantjatjara version of Waltzing Matilda. He is from Pukatja, South Australia and sings in both Pitjantjatjara and English. He was the subject of an episode of an ABC TV series, "Six Australians". Trevor Adamson also featured in episode #1008 of the NITV show "Pmarra Country", an Aboriginal tribute to the legendary Slim Dusty, in which Mr. Adamson performed his Pitjantjatjara language version of Slim Dusty's 1972 song "When the Rain Tumbles Down in July".

</doc>
<doc id="19998248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998248" title="Ingunn Gjerstad">
Ingunn Gjerstad

Ingunn Gjerstad (born 26 May 1963) is a Norwegian politician for the Socialist Left Party.
She served as a deputy representative to the Parliament of Norway from Oslo during the terms 2005–2009 and 2013–2017. As Heikki Holmås from Sogn og Fjordane was a member of the outgoing Stoltenberg's Second Cabinet in 2013, Gjerstad met as a regular representative during the two weeks before the cabinet change.

</doc>
<doc id="19998249" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998249" title="Saathi">
Saathi

Saathi () is a 1968 Hindi Romantic drama film written and directed by C. V. Sridhar. The film starred Vyjayanthimala and Rajendra Kumar in the lead with Simi Garewal, Pahari Sanyal, David Abraham Cheulkar, Veena and Ram Mohan as the ensemble cast while prominent actors such as Shashi Kapoor, Nanda, Sanjeev Kumar, Shabnam, D.K. Sapru and Pratima Devi done a guest appearance. The film was produced by S. Krishnamurthy of Venus Pictures. The films score was composed by Naushad with lyrics were provided by Majrooh Sultanpuri and Shakeel Badayuni, edited by N. M. Shankar and was filmed by Marcus Bartley. Saathi is a triangular love story among Ravi, Shanti and Rajni. The film was a remake of 1961 Tamil film "Palum Pazhamum" which was directed by A. Bhimsingh and starred by Sivaji Ganesan, B. Saroja Devi and Sowcar Janaki.
Plot.
Dr. Ravi returns from abroad and takes up position as Chief Surgeon in a hospital. He then meets with Nurse Shanti, who lives an impoverished lifestyle with her ailing mother, and decides to perform surgery, but she passes away, and a guilt-ridden Ravi marries Shanti much to the chagrin of his mentor, Kaka, who had hoped that he would marry his daughter, Rajni. The couple then travel to Kashmir for their honey-moon, and then settle down to a harmonious relationship. Hoping to travel even more, their plans are interrupted by the hospital's head doctor, who wants Ravi to focus on cancer research. The couple drop all travel plans and immerse themselves in research so much so that Shanti herself becomes ill, and not wanting to become a burden, leaves. A frantic Ravi searches high and low in vain, and is subsequently devastated to learn that she has perished in a train accident. Kaka then becomes very ill and Kaki tells Ravi that the cause of his illness is Rajni's insistence that she not marry anyone except Ravi. As a result, Ravi marries her but is unable to get Shanti out of his mind. An embittered Rajni feels neglected and decides to confront him - resulting in his losing his vision - perhaps never to see again - and unable to do any further cancer research
Cast.
Guest appearance are include:
Soundtrack.
The film's soundtrack was composed by Naushad while the lyrics was provided by Majrooh Sultanpuri and Shakeel Badayuni.
Box office.
At the end of its theatrical run, the film grossed around 1,76,00,000 and nett grossed of 88,00,000, thus becomes the eleventh highest grossing film of 1968 with verdict average.

</doc>
<doc id="19998253" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998253" title="Vietnam Electricity">
Vietnam Electricity

VietNam Electricity (EVN) is the largest power company in Vietnam having an installed electricity generation capacity of 8,860 MW and a distribution network of . According to 2007 UNDP report on the 100 largest enterprises in Vietnam, EVN came in at 3rd position after Agribank and VNPT.
In 2004, the company generated 40.9 TWh of electricity from 14 power plants as follows: hydropower plants 50.8%, coal-fired power plants 13.6%, gas turbine power plants 29.4% and diesel-fired power plants 6.2%.

</doc>
<doc id="19998256" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998256" title="Mari Hagen">
Mari Hagen

Mari Hagen (born 8 April 1981) is a Norwegian politician for the Socialist Left Party.
She served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Buskerud during the term 2001–2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19998259" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998259" title="Groove Chronicles">
Groove Chronicles

Having recently left the hustle and bustle of London in search for a slightly less hectic atmosphere, it is clear when speaking to Steven Jude aka Noodles that music is still his number one priority. Finally getting the vast majority of his record collection out of storage and beginning to get back in the studio.
Ever since playing at one of the original raves in Paris at the tender age of 17, you only need hear him play for a matter of minutes to know that his attitude to music is fundamentally the same and that his objective is to make people dance. His history working in record stores and selling vinyl records has given him the opportunity to get years of valuable face-to-face feedback on the music from the then thriving community that was listening to it.
Adamant that “those who try to be trendy out-trend themselves” he has consistently tried using his label DPR to release the music he loves. With releases dating back to 1997 it was the first outlet for his seminal Groove Chronicles project where began to push his unique hybrid sound. With tracks such as “Angel Body”, “Stone Cold” and “Black Puppet” still in heavy rotation many credit the project as one of the key foundations that musical movements such as 2step/dubstep and grime were built upon.
With a recent DPR label takeover on Just Jam and taking part in the RBMA Boiler Room garage special last Christmas even when we fast forward over ten years and he is still as relevant now as he ever was.

</doc>
<doc id="19998260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998260" title="Sigmund Hagen">
Sigmund Hagen

Sigmund Hagen (born 15 August 1976) is a Norwegian politician for the Socialist Left Party.
He served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Oppland during the term 2001–2005.

</doc>
<doc id="19998264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998264" title="Shakespeare knot">
Shakespeare knot

The Shakespeare knot, a type of decorative unknot, is a heraldic knot. It is a derivative of the Bowen knot and closely akin to the Dacre knot. The knot is most notable for its appearance on the Shakespeare badge.
A signet ring preserved in Stratford-upon-Avon said to have belonged to William Shakespeare bears the knot, where its lower dexter and sinister loops entwine a W (for William) and an S (for Shakespeare).

</doc>
<doc id="19998273" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998273" title="Eva Heir">
Eva Heir

Eva Heir (born 27 January 1943) is a Norwegian politician for the Socialist Left Party.
She served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Nord-Trøndelag and Akershus during the terms 1989–1993 and 1993–1997.

</doc>
<doc id="19998279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998279" title="Finn Sture Hultgreen">
Finn Sture Hultgreen

Finn Sture Hultgreen (born 16 October 1949) is a Norwegian politician for the Socialist Left Party.
He served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Nordland during the terms 1993–1997 and 1997–2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19998280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998280" title="Pontia edusa">
Pontia edusa

The Eastern Bath White "(Pontia edusa)" is a butterfly in the family Pieridae.
Description.
"Pontia edusa" is a small to medium-sized migrant butterfly, with a wingspan reaching about 45 mm. The upperside of the wings is white, with black stains on the top of the forewing and hindwing. The hind wing undersides have greenish-gray spots. The butterfly is nearly identical to "Pontia daplidice". Investigations of the genitals are the only way to distinguish between these two types.
The adults fly from March to October with two to four generations depending on the latitude. The eggs are laid singly and have an incubation period of seven days. The caterpillars are present from May. They are greysh-greenish, with black dots and broad yellow stripes, quite similar to the larva of the "Cabbage Butterfly" ("Pieris brassicae"). The larvae feed on Resedaceae species. "Pontia edusa" hibernates in the chrysalis stage.
Distribution.
It is found from the South East of Europe (Southern France, Italy, Corsica, Sardinia) up to Central Europe and Middle East in Iran and Iraq. It is a migrant who can also be encountered in Belgium, Holland, northern Germany and Poland, in the Baltic states and in southern Sweden and Norway.
Habitat.
This species can be found in any open grassy or flowery areas, in stony or rocky places and in roadsides, especially where the host plants grow, at an altitude of.

</doc>
<doc id="19998286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998286" title="Johnny Best (boxer)">
Johnny Best (boxer)

Johnny Best (born in Canada) is a former Australian middleweight boxer. Best was raised in Brisbane had a career record of 6-1-0. 5 of his wins came by KO.

</doc>
<doc id="19998291" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998291" title="Smith Nickerson">
Smith Nickerson

Smith Asa Nickerson (July 16, 1860 – January 10, 1954) was a merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Shelburne County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1911 to 1916 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Clark's Harbor, Shelburne County, Nova Scotia, the son of Asa McGray Nickerson and Melissa Newell. Nickerson was involved in lobster packing. In 1882, he married Hannah B. Nickerson. He served as a member of the municipal council for Barrington township from 1893 to 1900. Nickerson died in Sandwick, British Columbia at the age of 93.

</doc>
<doc id="19998295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998295" title="Trị An Dam">
Trị An Dam

The Trị An Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Đồng Nai River in Vĩnh Cửu, Đồng Nai, Vietnam. The power plant has an installed electric capacity of 400 MW and producing around 1.76 TWh of electricity per year. The plant is operated by Trị An Hydropower Company, a subsidiary of Vietnam Electricity.
The dam was built in in 1984-1986 with assistance of the Soviet Union. The power plant became operational in 1988. The dam forms a man-made reservoir lake known as Trị An Lake. La Ngà village on the La Ngà River was created as a result of population displacement.

</doc>
<doc id="19998306" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998306" title="Cyclazodone">
Cyclazodone

Cyclazodone is a centrally acting stimulant drug developed by American Cyanamid Company in the 1960s. The drug is related to other drugs such as pemoline and 4-methylaminorex. It is a banned stimulant under the World Anti-Doping Agency prohibited list.

</doc>
<doc id="19998341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998341" title="Ron Bramble">
Ron Bramble

Ron Bramble (born in Canada) is a former Australian light welterweight boxer. He had a career record of 12-9-6.

</doc>
<doc id="19998343" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998343" title="Phả Lại Power Station">
Phả Lại Power Station

Pha Lai Thermal Power Plant is the largest coal-fired power plant in Vietnam located in Pha Lai, Chí Linh District, Hải Dương Province, roughly north-east of Hanoi. It has an installed electric capacity of 1,040 MW.
Construction of the 440-MW first plant started on 17 May 1980 and it was completed in 1986. It consists of four 110-MW turbines and eight boilers. Construction of the 600-MW second plant started on 8 June 1998 and it was completed in 2001 by Lilama Construction Company. It consist of two 300-MW units with Mitsui Babcock Energy designed natural circulation boilers and General Electric generators.

</doc>
<doc id="19998349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998349" title="Hebomoia leucippe">
Hebomoia leucippe

Hebomoia leucippe is a butterfly in the family Pieridae. It is endemic to the Moluccas and Peleng in Indonesia. In addition to the nominate "H. l. leucippe" from Ambon, Haruku and Saparua, there are three recognized subspecies: "H. l. daemonis" from Seram, "H. l. leucogynia" from Buru and "H. l. detanii" from Peleng. The last, which is almost entirely bright orange, was only described in 1986, meaing that older reviews do not include it. The wingspan of "H. leucippe" is approximately .

</doc>
<doc id="19998351" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998351" title="Shesha Drushti">
Shesha Drushti

Shesha Drushti (, English "The Last Vision") is a 1997 Indian Oriya film directed by Apurba Kishore Bir, which deals with the disillusionment of a dying freedom fighter who has to bribe a government official to get his son a job. 
Synopsis.
Kedar Babu is a freedom fighter since the days of Gandhiji's call for the Civil Disobedience Movement. Keadr Babu has lost his wife at an early stage of his marriage. Since then, he has brought up his only son Sangram with all paternal affection. In the town, Sangram stays in the house of a Zamindar Bahudur Surriyakant Singh. During his stay in the Zamindar's house, Sangram experiences the gradual moral setback of a feudal system and the irresponsible and unethical practices in the library. This puts him in a state of dilemma and delusion. In the last moment encounter with his father, Sangram experiences a new perception to life, illuminated with anxiety, suspicion, shock, tragedy, dilemma, wilderness, and the thrill of fulfilling the last wish of his father by enacting the childhood spirit of attaining freedom and subsequently a new vision.

</doc>
<doc id="19998356" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998356" title="Heinrich von Littrow">
Heinrich von Littrow

Heinrich von Littrow (26 January 1820, Vienna - 25 April 1895 in Abbazia, today Opatija, Croatia) was an Austrian cartographer and writer. 
Life.
Heinrich von Littrow was a son of the astronomer Joseph Johann von Littrow and his wife Karoline von Ulrichsthal. Among his twelve brothers, Karl Ludwig von Littrow was a prominent astronomer. 
Heinrich of Littrow died on 25 April 1895 at the age of 75 years in Abbazia.

</doc>
<doc id="19998362" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998362" title="Minuscule 1432">
Minuscule 1432

Minuscule 1432 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on 225 parchment leaves (14.7 cm by 11.5 cm). Dated paleografically to the 12th century. 
Description.
The codex contains a complete text of the four Gospels with some lacunae. It contains Epistula ad Carpianum, Eusebian tables, tables of κεφαλαια, Ammonian Sections, subscriptions, Synaxarion, Menologion. Written in one column per page, in 28-29 lines per page (size of text 11.1 by 6.8 cm). 
It contains the pericope John 7:53-8:11.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex, is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Kurt Aland did not place it in any Category.
It was not examined by the Claremont Profile Method.
History.
The codex came from Athos, now is located in the Bible Museum (Ms. 3) at Münster. 

</doc>
<doc id="19998382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998382" title="Norman Phinney">
Norman Phinney

Norman H. Phinney (August 7, 1850 – 1919) was a businessman and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Annapolis County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1911 to 1916 as a Liberal member.
He was born in Lawrencetown, Annapolis County, Nova Scotia, the son of Elijah Phinney. He established a company there which sold pianos, organs, phonographs and sewing machines, among other things. In 1874, he married Jesse Wheelock. Phinney married Emma M. Bishop (née Fitzrandolph) in 1901 after the death of his first wife.

</doc>
<doc id="19998396" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998396" title="Cần Thơ Power Station">
Cần Thơ Power Station

The Can Tho Power Station is one of Vietnam's largest oil-fired power plant having an installed electric capacity of 206 MW and producing around 708 millions Kwh of electricity per year.

</doc>
<doc id="19998421" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998421" title="Thủ Đức Power Station">
Thủ Đức Power Station

The Thu Duc Power Plant is one of Vietnam's largest oil-fired power plant having an installed electric capacity of 247 MW and producing around 800 millions Kwh of electricity per year.

</doc>
<doc id="19998422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998422" title="Chief of Defence">
Chief of Defence

The Chief of Defence (CHOD) is the highest ranked commissioned officer of a nation's armed forces. The term CHOD is in common use within NATO and the European Union as a generic term for the highest national military position within the NATO and EU member states, rather than the actual term used for individual positions. Thus, irrespective if the formal national designation of that position is some variation on "Commander-in-Chief", "Chief of Staff", "Supreme Commander" or something else, they can all be referred to unambiguously as CHODs in NATO and EU terminology, although other terms are sometimes also seen within NATO. Thus, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff is the CHOD of the United States, the Chief of the Defence Staff is the CHOD of United Kingdom, and the Chief of Defence ("Forsvarssjefen") is the CHOD of Norway.
Both NATO and EU occasionally hold CHODs meetings of the NATO Military Committee and the European Union Military Committee respectively.
CHOD positions by NATO country.
Within member states of NATO, the following national positions are the CHOD positions. Sometimes more than one form of translation into English is encountered.
CHOD positions by non-NATO EU country.
Within the EU member states that are not members of NATO, the following national positions are the CHOD positions. 
Other Chief of Defence positions by (non-NATO and non-EU) country.
Note that in many countries outside of NATO and EU, the concept of civilian control of the military in inapplicable. In such countries the minister of defence is often a senior military officer. However the list below only lists CHOD equivalents and not defense ministers.

</doc>
<doc id="19998428" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998428" title="Ñuflo de Chávez Province">
Ñuflo de Chávez Province

Ñuflo de Chávez is one of the fifteen provinces of the Bolivian Santa Cruz Department and is situated in the northern central parts of the department. The name of the province honors the conquistador Ñuflo de Chaves (1518–1556) who founded the city of Santa Cruz de la Sierra. Its capital is Concepción. The province was created by law of September 16, 1915, during the presidency of Ismael Montes. Originally it was part of the Chiquitos Province.
Location.
Ñuflo de Chávez Province is located between 13° 45' and 17° 30' South and between 61° 30' and 63° 25' West. It extends over a length of 520 km from north to south, and up to 250 km from west to east. 
The province is situated in the Bolivian lowlands and borders Beni Department in the north, Guarayos Province in the north-west, Obispo Santistevan Province and Ignacio Warnes Province in the south-west, Andrés Ibáñez Province and Chiquitos Province in the south, and José Miguel de Velasco Province in the east.
Division.
The province comprises six municipalities which are further subdivided into cantons:
Population.
The inhabitants of the Ñuflo de Chávez Province are mainly Chiquitos whose culture roots in the fusion of their ancient customs and the influence of the Jesuit missionaries. During the 2001 census the ethnic composition of the population was as follows: 
The population of the province has increased by more than 100% over the recent two decades:
The literacy rate of the province is 72.6%.
In 1992 91.6% of the population spoke Spanish, 30.1% Quechua, 2.0% Aymara and 1.2 spoke Guaraní. During the 2001 census Spanish was spoken by 79,377 people, Quechua by 20,763, Aymara by 1,362, Guarani by 1,002, other native languages by 3,619 and foreign languages by 5,617 people. The following table shows the number of speakers per municipality:
Economy.
The principal economic activities are devoted to animal husbandry, dairy farming, forestry and tourism. Another important occupation is handicraft like the fabrication of hammocks, textiles, hats, bags and baskets.

</doc>
<doc id="19998431" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998431" title="Potton Wood">
Potton Wood

Potton Wood covers an area of 85ha (211 acres) and is two miles east of the small town of Potton in the county of Bedfordshire, England. It is part of Ampthill Forest and is managed by Forest Enterprise and owned by the Forestry Commission. 
Potton Wood has been designated a Site of Special Scientific Interest for its significance as an Oak/Ash/Field Maple ancient woodland; its structure and flora are typical of the West Cambridgeshire Boulder Clay woodland group.
Unusual plants in the wood include Oxlip (a national rarity at the edge of its European range here), Herb Paris, Bird's nest Orchid and Nettle-leaved Bellflower. There are plants typical of ancient woodland: Common Bluebell, Dog's Mercury, Yellow Archangel, Wood Millet and Wood Anemone. Potton Wood has large areas of broadleaved woodland, some dating back to at least 1601, but also had commercially planted, non-native conifers which were removed in 2004 as part of a long term project to restore the coppiced ancient woodland.
Mammals found in the wood include Fallow Deer, Grey Squirrel, Red Fox, European Hare and European Mole; there are birds such as Common Nightingale, Common Chiffchaff, Blackcap, Common Whitethroat and European Turtle Dove, and White Admiral and Purple Hairstreak butterflies. 
On 18 September 1945, a B-24 Liberator bomber based at No. 466 Squadron RAAF at Bassingbourn, Cambridgeshire, crashed on the southern edge of Potton Wood. Four men were killed. The place where it fell can still be seen.

</doc>
<doc id="19998432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998432" title="Delias harpalyce">
Delias harpalyce

The Imperial White "(Delias harpalyce)" is a butterfly in the family Pieridae. It is endemic to Australia.
Description.
The wingspan of "Delias harpalyce" reaches about . The upper surfaces of the fore wings and hindwings are a whitish with black margins and a row of whitish small spots on the apex of the forewings. In the females the black outer edges of the wings are wider than in males. The undersides of the wings are chequered whitish and black, with a yellow band on the apex of the forewings and a red band on the middle of the hindwings. 
The larvae are about 4 cm in length, with a black body covered by white hairs. These gregarious caterpillars spin a silken web on their host plants ("Amyema", "Muellerina" and "Dendrophthoe" species). 
Distribution and habitat.
This species can be found in Australia]] (New South Wales, Victoria, and Southern Australia). It lives in the eucalypt forests. 

</doc>
<doc id="19998456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998456" title="Auguste von Littrow">
Auguste von Littrow

Auguste von Littrow, "née" von Bischoff-Altenstein (13 February 1819, Prague - 23 March 1890, Vienna) was a German-Austrian author and women's movement leader.
She was the daughter of the physician Professor Ignaz von Bischoff-Altenstein. Shortly after her 20th birthday, in 1839, she married astronomer Karl Ludwig von Littrow and settled in Vienna. Rapidly the Littrow household developed into a meeting place of Viennese society. There Hermann Bonitz, Josef Danhauser, Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach, August Eisenmenger, Ernst von Feuchtersleben, Ottilie von Goethe, Franz Grillparzer, Friedrich Hebbel, Rudolf von Jhering, Joseph Lewinsky, Franz Miklosich all met.
Asteroid 254 Augusta is named in her honour.

</doc>
<doc id="19998458" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998458" title="The Unforgiving Wind">
The Unforgiving Wind

The Unforgiving Wind is an Adventure novel by English author John Harris, first published in 1963 by Hutchinson.
The novel is about the disastrous expedition of Commander Adams and his men across the Arctic. The men are stranded at extreme temperature with their commander dead and radio damaged. The novel also depicts the struggle the protagonist Tom Fife has to go through to arrange a rescue operation when they are believed dead.
The novel is described by The Daily Telegraph as "A master of the gripping adventure yarn"
Plot introduction.
The novel is about the disastrous expedition of Commander Adams who dies suddenly. This novel follows the misfortunes of his men across the Arctic. Whatever can go wrong does go wrong as transport, instruments, health and sanity begin to fail. The team seem irretrievably lost in the dark Arctic winter, frightened and half-starving even when they find a base. Only one man can rescue them, the truculent Tom Fife who must respond to the faint radio signals coming from the Arctic shores. A powerful and disturbing novel, this story aims to take your breath away.
Plot summary.
An expedition is planned by Commander Adams across the Arctic. While in the Arctic, a storm wreaks havoc in the expedition. Most of the equipment including the radio is damaged. The team is finally able to find a base to stay with limited supplies. Storm, snow, ice, subzero temperatures all make living difficult. The team has to winter in the base with limited supplies. The winter is one long night that is 6 months long. Rescuers were not able to reach them because of ice formed in the sea during winter. Since the team lost contact everybody in mainland believes them to be dead because nobody will be able to survive a winter in the Arctic unsheltered. The team manages to survive because they were able to find a shelter, however they are half starved and health and sanity is on the fall.
The team strongly believes Tom Fife will come with a search party to rescue them, however this is next to impossible for Tom Fife because everybody believes that all the team are dead. He is the only one who hopes to find them alive. He has to undertake tremendous personal strain, including losing his job, to force people to undertake the rescue mission. There is only a small window to do this rescue, as the ice will solidify making rescue impossible after summer. The team will not be able to survive another winter in the Arctic.

</doc>
<doc id="19998459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998459" title="Cochlicella barbara">
Cochlicella barbara

Cochlicella barbara is a species of small but very high-spired, air-breathing land snail, a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Cochlicellidae.
Distribution.
This species is native to Europe. It occurs, mostly on the coast, from north Portugal to the northwestern Mediterranean area. It has been widely introduced in other countries in the same general area, including England and Wales.
This is also an introduced species in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19998469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998469" title="Delias mysis">
Delias mysis

The Union Jack or Red-banded jezebel "(Delias mysis)" is a butterfly in the family Pieridae. It is endemic to northern Australia, New Guinea and neighbouring islands. The common name is a reference to the flag of the British Empire. The butterfly was given this name, because the patterns and colours on the underside of the wings of the males resembles the flag.
The species has a wide variety in colours and patterns, hence a great deal of subspecies have been named.
The wingspan is 60–70 mm.
The larvae feed on mistletoe species, especially "Dendrophthoe glabrescens".

</doc>
<doc id="19998485" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998485" title="HMS Duff">
HMS Duff

One ship of the Royal Navy has borne the name HMS "Duff", whilst another was planned:

</doc>
<doc id="19998489" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998489" title="Delias aganippe">
Delias aganippe

The Wood White or Red-spotted Jezebel "(Delias aganippe)" is a butterfly in the family Pieridae. It is endemic to Australia.
The wingspan is 60-70 mm.
The larvae feed on "Exocarpos", "Santalum" and "Amyema" species.

</doc>
<doc id="19998491" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998491" title="John Thornton (glass painter)">
John Thornton (glass painter)

John Thornton of Coventry (fl. 1405-1433) was a master glazier and stained glass artist active in England during the 15th century. The output of his workshop includes some of the finest English medieval glass.
Biography.
The first certain record of Thornton, apart from a possible 1371 reference in Coventry, is his 1405 contract with the Dean of York Minster to glaze the choir east window. The Archbishop of York at the time was Richard le Scrope, a former Bishop of Lichfield and Coventry, and the window was funded by Walter Skirlaw, also previously Bishop of Coventry, so it seems possible both men would have recommended Thornton based on their knowledge of his work in his home town.
Thornton was made a freeman of York in 1410, but was known to be back living in the St John's Bridges area of Coventry (now known as Burges) by 1413. He appears again in 1433, when he received further payment from the dean and chapter of York, and was recorded as holding property there.
It has been suggested, though without any strong evidence, that Thornton was the son of a "John Coventre", a glazier in the royal glass-painting workshops at Westminster in 1351 and 1352, who later assisted in setting up windows at Windsor Castle for Edward III of England. Thornton could have worked as an assistant to his father before rising to the position of designer and draughtsman.
Works.
Thornton was instrumental in disseminating the International Gothic style in the north and Midlands of England. The products of his workshop can be recognised by their favouring of white glass and yellow stain set against blue and ruby "seaweed"-patterned backgrounds, and by the very distinctive modelling of faces.
Thornton's masterpiece is the Great East Window of York Minster, the largest in the building and containing about of glass. According to the contract, much of the work was to be executed by his own hand, though specifically only to "pourtray [...] the histories, images, and other things to be painted on the "; evidently some of the glazing would be carried out by apprentices or workmen. Thornton is likely to have recruited glaziers locally in York: he seems to have been an enthusiastic teacher, and his style quickly became dominant in the area.
Work thought to be by Thornton can also be found in several smaller churches, as well as in St Mary's Hall in Coventry. His surviving windows for Coventry Cathedral were removed before it was destroyed in the Coventry Blitz and have been preserved. He is also thought to have produced the windows from the chapel at Hampton Court, Herefordshire, which are now dispersed in various collections, and seven panels in the Church of St. Mary Magdalene, Newark-on-Trent.
The Thornton 'tradition' continued in York even after the middle of the 15th century, though many of the works produced show a coarsening or loss of quality compared with Thornton's authentic creations.

</doc>
<doc id="19998508" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998508" title="Natureza Divina">
Natureza Divina

The Irmandade Beneficente Natureza Divina is a religious, philanthropic and cultural institution, which acts as a not-for-profit organization according to Brazilian law. Its objective is to develop moral, intellectual and spiritual virtues in people, regardless of race, gender, political ideology, religious beliefs or level of education.
Members of the organization use the sacred drink Ayahuasca in an attempt to attain innerr balance, spiritual betterment and a direct connection with God.

</doc>
<doc id="19998515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998515" title="I Like Men!">
I Like Men!

I Like Men! is a 1959 studio album recorded by Peggy Lee, arranged and conducted by Jack Marshall.

</doc>
<doc id="19998520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998520" title="Biswaprakash">
Biswaprakash

Biswaprakash (aka "The Young Rebel") () is a 1999 India Oriya film directed by Susant Misra. This multi-layered plot with complex characters has been young and acclaimed filmmaker Susant Mishra’s favourite format on celluloid like his earlier acclaimed film Indradhanura Chhai that claimed the Grand Prix prize at the Soochi International Film Festival in Russia and was screened at the coveted Cannes Film Festival. Biswaprakash, besides claiming a berth in the Indian Panorama in the last IFFI has also been screened in Cairo, Singapore and Sanghai international film festivals. The film has further fetched the National Film Award as the best film in regional category.
Plot.
Biswaprakash, a young man in his early twenties is a rebel revolting constantly against the obscure traditional oriental lifestyle of his family rooted deeply in the medieval socio-religious mores. A misfit for the consumerist culture of a society where the value system is changing at a faster pace, he is alienated from his family and friends.
While so many questions relating to society, sex and morality intrigue him, Anjali, an independent, liberated and down-to-earth young woman enters his life. She strives to convert their mansion-like house into a holiday home besides looking after her paralysed mother, all alone. The friendship between Biswa and Anjali flourish amidst severe twists and turns till a policeman intervenes and breaks up the relationship.
A disheartened Biswa turns to religious rituals in despair with the belief to redeem himself of the misery. And then, one day, another woman enters his life this time June, a young lady traveller from abroad. Biswa befriends June and in her, he finds a new hope of escaping the claustrophobia. But a time comes when June deserts him for a new destination leaving Biswa utterly lonely and trapped in a situation of no return.
Music.
Jugal Debata has arranged music for this film
Shooting location.
This movie was shot in Puri, in the state of Orissa, India. That city is also famous for Lord Jagannath Temple. The production team found a very famous old palatial building, in the heart of the city, which was a perfect match with the story line. The owner of that building is the famous Kaviraj Purna Chandra Rath.
References.
4. http://cinemasagar.com/film/biswaprakash/

</doc>
<doc id="19998522" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998522" title="Thomas Kristl">
Thomas Kristl

Thomas Kristl (born 18 April 1963 in Regensburg) is a former professional football player and currently coach.
Career.
His first senior football club was 1. FC Nürnberg. In 1990 he went to 1. FC Saarbrücken but in 1994 he went back to 1. FC Nürnberg, where he ended his career one year later after 71 appearances in the Bundesliga.
His first club where he was coach was 1. FC Schnaittach. He worked there from 1997 to 2005. In the seasons 2005–06 and 2006–07 he was assistant-coach at Hannover 96.
After two terms at 1. FC Amberg (2006–07 and 2008) he went 2008 to SSV Jahn Regensburg in the 3. Liga (the third highest league in Germany) where he was fired on 24 November 2008. and signed on 11 July 2009 a contract as assistant of Franco Foda by SK Sturm Graz. On 12 April 2012, after the sacking of Franco Foda, Kristl was named as caretaker manager of SK Sturm Graz.

</doc>
<doc id="19998527" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998527" title="BTS 74,398">
BTS 74,398

BTS 74,398 is a centrally acting stimulant drug which was developed for the treatment of Parkinson's disease. It inhibits the synaptic reuptake of dopamine, serotonin and noradrenaline, making it a triple reuptake inhibitor. It was effective in animal models of Parkinson's disease, but was unsuccessful in human trials.

</doc>
<doc id="19998532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998532" title="1953–54 Greek Cup">
1953–54 Greek Cup

The Greek Cup 1953–54 was the 12th edition of The Greek Football Cup, or Greek Cup for short.
The competition culminated with the Greek Cup Final, held at Apostolos Nikolaidis Stadium, Athens on 23 May 1954. The match was contested by Olympiacos and Doxa Drama, with Olympiacos taking the title 2–0.
Final.
The 12th Greek Cup Final was played at the Apostolos Nikolaidis Stadium, Athens.

</doc>
<doc id="19998535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998535" title="Shah Bahram">
Shah Bahram

Shah Bahram () may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19998539" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998539" title="Colias aurorina">
Colias aurorina

The Greek Clouded Butterfly or Dawn Clouded Yellow ("Colias aurorina") is a butterfly in the family Pieridae. It is found in Central Greece, the Near East and the Caucasus area. It is rare in former Yugoslavia.
Description.
"Colias aurorina" is one of the largest species of the genus; the wingspan is 35–70 mm. The upperside of the male is dusky
orange -yellow, with moderately broad blackish brown marginal band which is traversed at the apex by yellow veins, the rather large middle spot of the forewing being blackish brown and that of the hindwing large and orange-red. The ground-colour of the female is somewhat brighter red, the dark marginal band bearing large yellow spots, which on the hindwing form a proximally dark-edged band, the dark marginal band being obsolescent.
Biology.
The butterfly flies from May to July.
The larvae feed on "Astracantha" and "Astragalus" species.

</doc>
<doc id="19998542" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998542" title="I.431">
I.431

The I.431/430 Networking standards are recommendations produced by the ITU. They are Layer 1 specifications for ISDN networks, using either an E1 or T1 circuit. The I.431 standard is known as the 'PRI Physical Layer' whereas the I.430 is known as the 'BRI Physical Layer'.

</doc>
<doc id="19998548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998548" title="I.430">
I.430

The I.431/430 Networking standards are recommendations produced by the ITU. They are Layer 1 specifications for ISDN networks, using either an E1 or T1 circuit. The I.431 standard is known as the 'PRI Physical Layer' whereas the I.430 is known as the 'BRI Physical Layer'.

</doc>
<doc id="19998554" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998554" title="WSUW">
WSUW

WSUW (91.7 FM) is a radio station broadcasting an Alternative format. The station is licensed to the Board of Regents, University of Wisconsin System and serves the Whitewater, Fort Atkinson, and Milton areas.
History.
WSUW has been broadcasting from the UW-Whitewater campus since 1966.

</doc>
<doc id="19998558" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998558" title="Minuscule 2444">
Minuscule 2444

Minuscule 2444 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on 309 paper leaves (22 cm by 15 cm). It is dated paleografically to the 13th century. Some leaves of the codex were lost.
Description.
The codex contains the text of the four Gospels with some lacunae. The text is written in one column per page, in 22 lines per page.
The decorated headpieces, the large initials are rubricated and in colour, the small initials in red. It has breathings and accents. The nomina sacra are written in an abbreviated way. Error of itacism is frequent.
The text is divided according to the κεφαλαια ("chapters"), whose numbers are given at the margin, but there is no their τιτλοι ("titles") at the top and bottom. There is also another division according the smaller Ammonian Sections with a references to the Eusebian Canons.
The tables of the κεφαλαια ("tables of contents") are placed before Mark, Luke, and John. The table of the κεφαλαια to Matthew has been lost. Some notes and textual corrections were made at the margin.
Text.
The Greek text of the codex, is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Kurt Aland did not place it in any Category.
It was not examined by using the Claremont Profile Method.
It contains the Pericope Adulterae (John 7:53-8:11).
In John 21:23 it lacks phrase ουκ ειπεν αυτω ο ΙΣ οτι ουκ αποθνησκει in main text, but it was added at the margin.
History.
The codex now is located in the Bible Museum (Ms. 4) at Münster.

</doc>
<doc id="19998583" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998583" title="Sri Lokanath">
Sri Lokanath

Sri Lokenath (1960) is an Oriya film directed by Prafulla Sengupta, and based on the story by Aswini Kumar Ghosh. The Indian socio-fantasy film won a National Film Award in 1960, and was the 11th Oriya film produced under Ruprang Pvt. Ltd..
Plot.
Dr. Ajay Patanayak, a doctor by profession doesn't believe in the existing of God. His wife Basanti having no child has immense faith in God. she is also deeply attached to his brother in law Bijay. Laxmi, a neighbor has love interest with Bijay. Bijay visits Puri's Sri Lokanath Temple for blessing with a hope to his sister in law gets a son. Basanti becomes pregnant and delivers a son. The happy family named the child as "Lokanath" after the deity. As Lokanath grows up, bijay feels neglected by the family and leaves the house. Bijay becomes a tutor in Jaipur. In the meanwhile his love interest Laxmi marries to a Zamindar named Surya of Puri.
Three year elapse, Basanti and his husband in Puri to offer oblation to Lord Sri Lokanath but they are however prevented from visiting the temple by a storm. The chile Lokanath is bitten by a snake and his body is taken to cremation ground. Basanti now suffering from amnesia starts pilgrimage with her husband. And in the meanwhile Bijay involved in an accident becomes half mad.
years gone by, Laxmi and Surya have got a daughter Uma, who has a love interest with Ashok, son of Prakash, a friend of Surya. One day Ashok, while driving a lunatic thrusts himself upon his car.Ashok takes him to Uma's house, where Uma recognize the man as Bijay. the massage conveyed to Ajay & Basanti. Bijay recovers partly his memory in Sri Lokanath Temple
Basant feels attracted towards Ashok and tries to arrange the marriage of Uma with him. Prakash discloses that Ashok is not his child, after seeing Ashok's child photo Ajay & Basanti recognizes him as their own child Loknath.All the family members are united and go to Sri Loknath Temple. Ajay lastly admits that some heavenly power is guiding human destiny.

</doc>
<doc id="19998587" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998587" title="Vivre (Carole Vinci song)">
Vivre (Carole Vinci song)

"Vivre" ("To live") is a song by Carole Vinci that represented Switzerland at the Eurovision Song Contest 1978, composed by Alain Morisod and written by Pierre Alain.
On the night of the contest, held in Paris, France, the song was performed 9th in the running order, following the United Kingdom's Co-Co with "The Bad Old Days" and preceding Belgium's Jean Vallée with "L'amour ça fait chanter la vie". It received 65 points, placing 9th in a field of 20.
It was succeeded as Swiss representative at the 1979 contest by Peter, Sue, Marc, Pfuri, Gorps and Kniri with "Trödler und Co".

</doc>
<doc id="19998590" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998590" title="Belenois gidica">
Belenois gidica

Belenois gidica, the African Veined White or Pointed Caper, is a butterfly in the family Pieridae. It is found in the Afrotropic ecozone.
The wingspan is in males and in females. Flight period is year-round.
The larvae feed on "Boscia", "Capparis", and "Maerua" species.
Subspecies.
The following subspecies are recognised:

</doc>
<doc id="19998596" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998596" title="Albert Parsons (politician)">
Albert Parsons (politician)

Albert E. Parsons (September 5, 1869 – June 7, 1948) was a merchant and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Hants County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1909 to 1937 as a Liberal-Conservative member.
He was born in Walton, Hants County, Nova Scotia, the son of John Parsons and Martha Ward. He worked in the plaster quarries there, later taking over the operation. Parsons was also involved in the lumber trade and shipbuilding. In 1892, he married Ruby L. Smith. Parsons was first elected to the provincial assembly in an 1909 by-election held after the death of Charles Smith Wilcox, the sitting member. He ran unsuccessfully for a seat in the House of Commons in 1921. Parsons served as speaker for the provincial assembly from 1926 to 1928. He was a member of the province's Executive Council from 1930 to 1933. He died in Windsor, Nova Scotia at the age of 78.
His son Ralph Shaw Parsons served overseas during World War I and married Valentyne Churchill, a granddaughter of Ezra Churchill.

</doc>
<doc id="19998612" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998612" title="WWEC">
WWEC

WWEC (88.3 FM) is a student-run campus radio station. Owned by Elizabethtown College in Elizabethtown, PA in Lancaster County, PA, USA, the station is operated by the College's Department of Communications and serves the greater Elizabethtown, PA area.
History.
WWEC began broadcasting as a carrier current station as WWEC-AM 640 in 1963. In 1990, the AM station went off the air as the station began airing at 88.3 FM. Temporarily using the call letters WQHE beginning April 19, 1990, the station changed its call letters to WWEC on July 16, 1990 and officially went on air on August 25, 1990. 
On July 9, 2008, the College applied to the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) for an STA order (Special Temporary Authority), however the filing was done on paper and details are not available online. On July 29, 2011, the station's license was cancelled and its call sign deleted by the FCC. On November 28, 2012, the FCC restored the station's license. 

</doc>
<doc id="19998616" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998616" title="Belenois creona">
Belenois creona

The African Common White (Belenois creona) is a butterfly in the family Pieridae. It is found in the Afrotropic ecozone.
Description.
The wingspan is 40–45 mm. Sexes are dimorphic.
Males.
Uppersides are white with black or brown marginal borders and veins in forewing apex. A black spot exists in the upper side cell instead of a bar is in the Brown-veined White ("B. aurota").
Females.
Females have broader dark upperside borders on both wings. Underwings are yellow during wet season.
Ecology.
The larvae feed on "Capparis" and "Maerua" species.
Subspecies.
The following subspecies are recognised:

</doc>
<doc id="19998622" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998622" title="Driveme.in">
Driveme.in

driveme.in is a street view application that gives a "drive through" experience using a web based virtual car. driveme.in displays street level imagery that closely resembles the view that a person driving a real car would get. The application was launched in October 2008, on the occasion of the III Commonwealth Youth Games, by including a link in the official website of the Commonwealth Youth Games 2008, cygpune2008.com. As of October 2008, the application covered street level imagery of the city of Pune in India.
driveme.in displays the street level images in an ActiveX control that has a virtual dashboard with mouse controls to move forward, backward, turn and increase or decrease the "driving" speed. There are few other options that provide for tools to post flags, list local businesses, record & playback routes and generate driving directions.
Releases.
driveme.in made its debut on October 12, 2008 in Pune, India. The services were first offered to III Commonwealth Youth Games, 2008, where a link to driveme.in was placed in the official CYG website in the Pune map section.
Free Services.
driveme.in covers street imagery of hundreds of kilometers from Pune, Panchgani and Mahabaleshwar. It provides useful facilities to registered members, such as posting flags; people can record and share paths with others that can be played back.
Premium Services.
Registered members can get for themselves e-addresses, using which they can mark places on the streets and distribute so that others know how to reach the address through automated landmark based driving directions. The unique feature of such e-addresses is that the same address can be mapped to several places. For instance, a bank can have an address called ATM, which could be mapped to several of their ATMs at various places. Subsequently if a user looks up for the driving directions to this address, the driving directions to the nearest ATM from the present virtual location would be generated.
driveme.in operates on a unique advertising model where advertisers can place balloon based text messages over the street imagery at designated locations, and build their own campaigns. These advertisements are not automatically context sensitive; this presents an opportunity to the advertisers to identify the context from the imagery, for example, traffic, and place their advertisement suitable for that context.

</doc>
<doc id="19998631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998631" title="WWNW">
WWNW

WWNW (88.9 FM) is a radio station licensed to New Wilmington, Pennsylvania, United States, the station serves the Pennsylvania college area. The station is currently owned by the Westminster College Board of Trustees. 
Station information.
WWNW is a non-commercial radio station, operating in the non-commercial FM radio band at 88.7 mHz. Unlike many stations on the non-commercial FM band, WWNW is programmed much like a commercially-formatted for-profit enterprise, rather than a free-form program-based format often found at most college radio stations. The most obvious exception is the lack of commercials, which are replaced by logged public service announcements, station promos, and underwritings at certain points during the broadcast day.
Since its beginning, WWNW has programmed a mass-appeal format of adult contemporary music, first going on the air under the moniker "Hit Radio 89", with local newscasts relative to the community. Over the years, the name was changed to Titan Radio in an effort to enhance school spirit, but the programming elements remained the same.
All on-air personnel are required to adhere to a structured format and tightly-controlled playlist. Disc jockeys are strictly telecommunications majors who desire to pursue a career in broadcasting after graduation, unlike typical college stations that are run more on a public access basis. They typically work airshifts of four or five hours as they would on a commercial radio station, as the "lab" portion of their coursework. Those who do not show up for their shifts without advance notice are given a failing grade and dismissed from the program.
Because of WWNW's serious approach to broadcasting, the station is frequently heard in local businesses in the New Wilmington area, who support the station through grant underwritings. The station has also been recognized as one of the Top College Radio Stations in the U.S. by "The Princeton Review".
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19998633" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998633" title="Minuscule 2445">
Minuscule 2445

Minuscule 2445 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering). It is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on 116 parchment leaves (16.3 cm by 13 cm). It is dated paleografically to the 12th century. A large part of the codex lost.
Description.
Originally the codex contained the text of the four Gospels. Actually it has some lacunae, at the beginning, end, and inside (Luke 1:1-17; John 1:1-12). It contains text of Mark 7:10-John 7:32. The text is written in one column per page, in 20-22 lines per page. The initial letters in red. It has breathings and accents.
It contains tables of the κεφαλαια, numbers of the κεφαλαια at the margin, the τιτλοι at the top of the pages, the Ammonian Sections, references to the Eusebian Canons.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Aland placed it in Category V.
It was not examined by the Claremont Profile Method.
It contains spurious texts of Luke 22:43-44 and John 5:3.4.
The manuscript was digitized by the CSNTM in 2007.
The codex now is located in the Bible Museum (Ms. 5) at Münster.

</doc>
<doc id="19998642" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998642" title="WZBT">
WZBT

WZBT (91.1 FM) is a radio station licensed to Gettysburg College, Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, USA. The station serves the college and local area. The station has obtained a construction permit from the FCC for a power increase to 346 watts. 
External links.
<br clear=all>

</doc>
<doc id="19998650" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998650" title="Iowa Highway 146">
Iowa Highway 146

Iowa Highway 146 is a state highway in central Iowa. It runs in a north–south orientation and is long. Iowa 146 begins at an intersection with U.S. Route 63 at New Sharon, and ends at a freeway interchange with U.S. Highway 30 at Le Grand. While the route Iowa 146 takes has remained the same since its creation, the highway has been extended at least twice because of realignments of U.S. Route 30 near Le Grand. The northernmost were once part of the Lincoln Highway.
Route description.
Iowa Highway 146 beings in the city of New Sharon at the corner of Main Street and Market Street. U.S. Route 63 comes from the south along Main and turns east onto Market. Iowa Highway 102, existing only within New Sharon, but formerly extending to Pella, heads west on Market. Iowa 146 travels north on Main. Two miles () north of New Sharon, Iowa 146 crosses a Union Pacific Railroad line and into Poweshiek County shortly thereafter. Highway 146 heads north for before curving west towards Searsboro. At Searsboro, Iowa 146 crosses the UPRR line again and turns to the northwest at the eastern end of former Iowa Highway 225, which was turned over to Poweshiek County and Jasper County in 2003.
For two miles (), Iowa 146 heads northwest; then, it turns due north towards Grinnell. Just south of Grinnell, Highway 146 meets Interstate 80 at a diamond interchange. Three miles north of I-80, Iowa 146, now along West Street in Grinnell, intersects U.S. Route 6, which runs along 6th Avenue. Eight miles () north of Grinnell, Iowa 146 enters Tama County, but only briefly. It turns west and enters Marshall County later, just east of Gilman. Highway 146 turns north on Elm Street in Gilman. From Gilman, it is an drive to Le Grand where Iowa 146 ends at Main Street. Prior to US 30 being relocated to the north along an expressway, Main Street carried US 30.
History.
Iowa Highway 146 was designated along Primary Road No. 63. When the U.S. Highway System was created in 1926, the Iowa State Highway Commission had a policy of renumbering state highways to avoid duplicating U.S. Highway numbers; US 63, in this case. Iowa 146 has been extended northward at least twice. A section of the Lincoln Highway became a part of U.S. Route 30 was straightened between Tama and Marshalltown.

</doc>
<doc id="19998663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998663" title="Epinotia solandriana">
Epinotia solandriana

Epinotia solandriana is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Europe.
The wingspan is 16–21 mm. The moth flies in one generation from July to September depending on the location.
The larvae mainly feed on Birch, Corylus avellana and Willow.

</doc>
<doc id="19998665" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998665" title="Minuscule 2446">
Minuscule 2446

Minuscule 2446 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament on parchment. Dated paleografically to the 12th century. The manuscript has complex contents.
Description.
The codex contains a complete text of the four Gospels, on 320 parchment leaves (16.8 cm by 12.8 cm). The text is written in one column per page, in 22 lines per page.
The Greek text of the codex Kurt Aland did not place in any Category. Wisse did not examine it by using the Claremont Profile Method.
The codex now is located in the Bible Museum (Ms. 6) at Münster.

</doc>
<doc id="19998688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998688" title="Les illusions de nos vingt ans">
Les illusions de nos vingt ans

"Les illusions de nos vingt ans" ("The illusion of our twenties") is a song by Peter, Sue and Marc sung in French that represented Switzerland at the Eurovision Song Contest 1971 in Dublin, Ireland. It was composed by Peter Reber and written by Maurice Tézé.
The song was performed 4th on the night of the contest, following Monaco's Severine with "Un banc, un arbre, une rue" and preceding Germany's Katja Ebstein with "Diese Welt". It received 78 points, placing 12th in a field of 18.
It was succeeded as Swiss representative at the 1972 contest by Veronique Mueller with "C'est la chanson de mon amour". Peter, Sue & Marc would return to represent Switzerland on three more occasions, each time singing in a different language; in 1976 with "Djambo, Djambo" in English, in 1979 with "Trödler und Co" in German and finally in 1981 with "Io senza te" in Italian, a record in Eurovision history. 

</doc>
<doc id="19998691" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998691" title="Lithuanian">
Lithuanian

Lithuanian may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19998694" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998694" title="Absolon">
Absolon

Absolon is a 2003 post-apocalyptic science fiction thriller film. The plot concerns a future society where the only hope for survival from a deadly virus is a drug called Absolon. The film was directed by David Barto, and stars Christopher Lambert, Lou Diamond Phillips, and Kelly Brook.
Plot.
In the year 2010, a virus infected everyone on the planet, wiping out half the population. Absolon is a drug regimen everyone must now take to stay alive. One corporation controls the drug and Murchison (Ron Perlman) is its leader.
A corporate scientist, who was researching the virus, is found murdered. Norman Scott (Christopher Lambert) is the policeman assigned to investigate the crime. He eventually uncovers a conspiracy involving the scientist. He is given a partial dosage of the cure the scientist had been working on, but soon realizes he is in over his head as he is being hunted by an assassination team. Scott goes on the run with Claire (Kelly Brook), one of the murdered scientist's colleagues. They find out the assassins are employed by Murchison.
Scott discovers he is being chased down for the cure in his bloodstream. He is also able to kill the assassins chasing them. In the end, Scott finds out the cure he was carrying wasn't for the original virus, which had died out years ago, but a cure for the worldwide dependence on the addictive Absolon drug itself.

</doc>
<doc id="19998738" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998738" title="Minuscule 2460">
Minuscule 2460

Minuscule 2460 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on 205 parchment leaves (24.7 cm by 17.5 cm). It is dated paleografically to the 12th century. 
Description.
The codex contains the text of the four Gospels with some lacunae. The text is written in one column per page, in 26 lines per page.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Byzantine text-type. Aland did not place it in any Category. According to the Claremont Profile Method it belongs to the textual family Family Kr in Luke 1 and Luke 20 as a perfect member. In Luke 10 no profile was made.
195 folios of the codex now are housed at the Ioannina, Zosimea School, 2. Ten leaves were catalogued as codex 2417 are located at the Columbia University, Plimpton Ms. 12, and at the Bible Museum (Ms. 19) in Münster.

</doc>
<doc id="19998742" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998742" title="HM Prison Stoke Heath">
HM Prison Stoke Heath

HM Prison Stoke Heath is a male adult male Cat C prison and Young Offenders Institution, located in the village of Stoke Heath (near Market Drayton) in Shropshire, England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
History.
Stoke Heath was built in 1964 as a Category C prison for adult males. It was converted to a Borstal 2 years later and, up until 2011, was used to hold Young Offenders. The establishment now houses prisoners over the age of 18.
At the beginning of December 2004 the Howard League for Penal Reform accused Stoke Heath of abusing the human rights of young offenders. The Howard League’s main criticism was concerned with the use of strip cells by the staff of Stoke Heath.
In October 2006 four prison officers were injured in a riot involving more than 30 inmates at Stoke Heath. None of the inmates were injured during the disturbance.
In 2007 a spot inspection criticised Stoke Heath for failing to make improvements recommended in a 2005 inspection. The inspectorate recommended that the prison must refurbish its "unacceptably grubby" segregation unit and establish proper risk assessments for strip searches.
In 2013..
The prison today.
Stoke Heath houses male adults and Young Offenders of 18 years and above. Because of this, education and training for inmates is the main focus of the prison. Education and training courses are provided by The Manchester College. A variety of courses and vocational training placements are offered, most of which can lead to NVQ qualifications in related fields. 
In addition the prisons gym and sports department offer various physical education courses, as well as being available for recreational use. The prison also has a multi-faith chaplaincy.

</doc>
<doc id="19998759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998759" title="James Keene (writer)">
James Keene (writer)

James Keene was the pseudonym used by the authors Ida Cook and William Everett Cook to write western novels.

</doc>
<doc id="19998760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998760" title="Sangee">
Sangee

Sangee ( Sangi or Songi) ( "companion") is a Bengali Movie was released in 2002. Directed by Haranath Chakraborty, the movie featured Jeet, Priyanka Trivedi.
Plot.
Bijay comes to Calcutta from Siliguri for higher studies and has a chance meeting with Rupa. Bijay experiences what is termed "Love at first sight" according to his mentor and maternal uncle Prabha mama. Although Bijay comes from a rich and affluent background, he is very down to earth and hence befriends Rana in the college despite the initial friction between them. Bijay keeps pursuing his love interest Rupa in the shopping malls, computer classes, railway station unaware of the fact that Rupa is Ranas younger sister. But Bijay sacrifices his love when he founds out this fact and also an incident that brought turmoil in Rana's life. But Bijay sacrifices his love when he founds out this fact and also an incident that brought turmoil in Rana`s life: Rana was betrayed by another friend Dipak, who secretly married Rana's elder sister on a day when she was supposed to marry a prospective groom of Rana and his family's choice. Bijay does not want to betray and hurt Rana in the same way as he could well understand Ranas emotions. But Rupa has a change of heart when she realises this and is torn between her family and her love. So she attempts suicide and it is Prabhu mama who salvages the situation by bringing out the reality in front of Rupa's family and asking Bijay "tui or jivan sangee hoye ja" (become Rupas life partner).
Music.
Music by SP Venkatesh
Critical reception.
The Film did overall well at Box Office. Jeet's performance was critically acclaimed.
The Jewellery wore by the Lead was truly remarkable which was Sponsored by Shaw Jewellers, Bowbazar.

</doc>
<doc id="19998766" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998766" title="L. Pearce Williams">
L. Pearce Williams

Leslie Pearce Williams (born 1927) is the emeritus John Stambaugh Professor of the History of Science at Cornell University's Department of History. He was one of the founders in the mid-1980s of Cornell's program in the History and Philosophy of Science and Technology, which later became part of the Department of Science & Technology Studies. Besides publishing a number of books, he has written three "Encyclopædia Britannica" articles. His birth name is Leslie Greenberg. He is the brother of Charles Williams, the long-time business manager of the "Cornell Alumni News".
He graduated from Cornell in 1948.
Williams was an outspoken conservative during the campus unrest era of the 1960s. He was a leading advocate of maintaining ROTC on the Cornell campus, of compulsory physical education, and of removing Dale Corson as Cornell President because of an alleged decline in academic standards.
Williams along with E. A. Burtt and twenty-three other Cornell University professors was a volunteer faculty member of "Ithaca Neighborhood College".

</doc>
<doc id="19998795" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998795" title="Kalgan, Western Australia">
Kalgan, Western Australia

Kalgan in a small town in the Great Southern region of Western Australia.
The town is situated on the banks of the Kalgan River and was first known as "Kalganup" which mean "place of first camp" or "place of many waters". Indigenous Australians used the area as a meeting place up to 19,000 years ago. The name was first recorded in 1831 when explorer Alexander Collie charted the area.
Land was set aside for a townsite in 1837 but was gazetted in 1912 following land being opened up in the area.
The Kalgan Hall was constructed in 1912 and became a focal point for the community.
An independent school, Great Southern Grammar, was built along Oyster Harbour near where the Kalgan River discharges into the harbour. The school was established in 1999 and is the only school in Kalgan.

</doc>
<doc id="19998800" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998800" title="Fort Pearce">
Fort Pearce

Fort Pearce is a former defensive facility occupying part of Point Nepean, Victoria, Australia. It was part of a network of fortifications, commanded from Fort Queenscliff, protecting the narrow entrance to Port Phillip.
Fortifications.
The fortifications were constructed between 1910 and 1916. Two open concrete gun pits for Mk VII guns were constructed in 1911 with a large underground magazine between the pits. A battery observation post and direction range finder were constructed above the magazine. The gun crews were based at nearby Fort Nepean.
World War I.
At the outbreak of World War I, additional men of the Royal Australian Garrison Artillery and Royal Australian Engineers were posted to Fort Nepean. Additional barracks were constructed at Fort Pearce and were named Pearce Barracks. The barracks consisted of officers' quarters, two huts for the NCOs and men, ablutions hut, a cook house and store, mess, office, workshop and parade ground. Some of the timber huts were clad with sheets of iron to protect against machine gun fire.
The guns at Fort Pearce never fired in anger. The only fatality at the fort was Gunner Walter Hargrave, who was killed when one of the guns misfired on 16 July 1916.
World War II.
Additional huts, a fuel store and a larger ablutions block were constructed at Pearce Barracks in 1939–1940. Machine gun and mortar pits were dug into the sand dunes around the fort and manned throughout the war by the 2nd Battalion Volunteer Defence Corps.
After the Japanese air attack on Rabaul in 1942, it was decided the exposed battery was vulnerable to air attack and the guns were moved to nearby Cheviot Hill. Since the concrete hoods at Fort Nepean restricted their arc of fire towards Fort Pearce, a 14 pounder Nordenfelt quick firing gun was mounted at Pearce to protect the barracks anchorage in Port Phillip.
Post-war.
The fort and barracks were not continuously manned after 1946. Pearce Barracks was used for Citizens Military Force and school cadet training. The barracks were closed in 1978 and fell into disrepair.
National Park.
Following the formation of Point Nepean National Park, parts of Fort Pearce are open to the public but Pearce Barracks remains closed for safety reasons. Parks Victoria removed asbestos buildings from the barracks in 2007 and installed interpretive structures and displays at the site. The site is open to the visitors.

</doc>
<doc id="19998811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998811" title="Bodrog Monastery">
Bodrog Monastery

The Hodoş-Bodrog Monastery is one of the oldest monastic institutions belonging to the Romanian Orthodox Church. The monastery is attested from the 12th century. It was initially founded on the northern bank of the lower Mureş River (in western Romania, between the current city of Arad and the Hungarian border).
The Hodoş-Bodrog Monastery was first recorded in a charter document of the Arad chapter of the church, dated 1177. Other documents have been dated 1216, 1233, and 1278.
The present church of the monastery was built around 1370, according to a triconch plan (Having apses with semi-domes on three sides of a square chamber), at a time when this architecture was spreading to Moldavia and Wallachia, the other Romanian provinces. 
The Hodoş-Bodrog Monastery was also under Ottoman domination between 1556 and 1699. The Ottoman rule was briefly interrupted for a short time by the struggle for the independence and unification of the Romanian countries, led by Michael the Brave (1595). It is likely that, during the military operations, the monastery suffered serious damages. The monastery was rebuilt at the beginning of the 18th century, thanks to bishop Sava I Brancovici, who resided in Lipova and later in Ineu (towns in what is now Arad County, Romania). 
In the following decades, although continuing to suffer under the Ottoman rule, and even the hardships induced by the Transylvanian nobility, the monastery housed the residence of the bishops who shepherded this area. Among these were Sofronie, who visited Russia in 1651, and Isaia Diacovici, who stayed at Hodoş-Bodrog around 1694 (he would later established the Hodoş-Bodrog as the seat of the diocese of Ineu and Timişoara).
From the last decade of the 17th century until 1864, the monastery was under the jurisdiction of the Karlowitz metropolitans (Karlowitz, Serbia) and was the only contemporary orthodox monastery of the Arad diocese that faced great difficulties. 
The church underwent several restorations throughout the centuries. The original structures were altered to some extent. After the 17th century restoration, a baroque helmet was added to the dome. 
The frescoes in the monastery date from the first decades of the 17th century. Several sacred objects dating from earlier centuries add new values to the artistic treasure of the monastery, including the skull of a bull that found an icon of the Virgin Mary (the current site of the church).
Since then the monastery has added a new church, an outdoor summer chapel, and other buildings.
Today, the monastery is within the boundaries of the Mureş Floodplain Natural Park, in the village of Bodrogu Nou (Arad County). The land and monastery are still owned by the Romanian Orthodox Church. However, in 2004 the Mureş Floodplain Natural Park was officially declared to protect and preserve the landscapes along the Mureş River. Because of the proximity of the monastery to the river, the monastery is now inside the natural park.

</doc>
<doc id="19998812" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998812" title="STARLIMS">
STARLIMS

STARLIMS, an Abbott Company, develops and sells web-based commercial off-the-shelf Laboratory Information Management Systems (LIMS); Software solutions which manage the collection, processing, storage, retrieval and analysis of information generated in laboratories. 
Corporate history.
STARLIMS's initial technological goal was to introduce the industry’s first PC-based LIMS at a time when laboratory data was managed through “legacy systems” running on mainframes and mini-computers. In 2005, STARLIMS's entirely web-based LIMS were launched, and in 2007 the company was introduced to the NASDAQ Stock Market under the symbol LIMS. 
In August 2008, the Company announced the establishment of STARLIMS Europe as a result of the May 2008 acquisition of its United Kingdom partner, Lab Data Management Ltd., which is based in Bolton, Greater Manchester.
On 22 March 2010 STARLIMS Technologies Ltd. was acquired by Abbott, based in Abbott Park, Illinois, for a published cost of $123 million.
Awards.
STARLIMS V10 received Honorary Mention in the Pittcon 2006 Editors’ Award, and as a “Pick of Pittcon” by Scientific Computing World magazine. STARLIMS has consistently featured in the Scientific Computing Magazine Readers’ Choice Awards.
Markets.
The company's software is used by more than 500 laboratories in over 40 countries around the world. including those of Amgen, Chevron, Exxon Mobil, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the U.S. Department of Defense Cyber Crime Center and several forensic laboratories. Research and Development (R&D), Quality Assurance QA and Quality Control QC are all supported. 
Technology.
STARLIMS software is based on an extendable web browser client-side application and a database server “farm.” Communications between client and server rely on standard web service messaging over Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP). A secure HTTP HTTPS can be used for a more secure environment. 
STARLIMS's web-based LIMS splits code into business logic (which is executed on the server side), and presentation code (run by a .net control on the web client). The STARLIMS web-based LIMS application servers utilize hardware resources by dynamically creating execution threads that concurrently handle business logic requests. The scalable distributed server farm is continuously monitored by a balancing server, which analyzes the workload and routes to the optimal server. 
The STARLIMS client is a standard web browser that hosts a .NET control that dynamically presents the user interface. The STARLIMS XFD Renderer Controls are automatically deployed on the client when a new version is released. In addition to the classic GUI controls (labels, buttons, textboxes), this technology supports more complex controls, such as hierarchical data grids, tab controls, and selection boxes. For data-aware components, special business actions, termed data providers, are used to interface between the GUI and the data model residing on the server. For increased security, client-side scripting code is run in an isolated (“sand-boxed”) environment, and the server-side business logic code is separated from the client-side. The STARLIMS XFD Renderer uses the local machine’s computational capabilities, resulting in reduced server and network load.
In April 2013, STARLIMS released its version 11, which included new capabilities for mobile devices, HTML5 and advanced analytics
References.
http://www.starlims.com/Abbott_Acquisition_of_STARLIMS_-_PR.pdf

</doc>
<doc id="19998814" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998814" title="Csodamalom">
Csodamalom

Csodamalom Bábszínház (Magic Mill Puppet Theatre) of Miskolc, Hungary was formed by puppeteer Tibor Korzsény in 1986 as an amateur company.
The name "Csodamalom" (Magic Mill) preserves the name of Fábián Mill, which was the former building of the company since then they had moved to 11, Kossuth Street. The theatre functioned as semi-official since 1988 and as official from 1992. Above the 50 play repertoire there are two or three premiers a year, usually a dramatizing classical folk tales. Uniquely in Hungary, they play musical puppet shows, including the puppet-pantomimes staged for adults, such as "Pictures at an Exhibition" by Mussorgsky, "Bolero" by Ravel and "Carmina Burana" by Orff. 
History of the theatre.
During the last fifty years several attempts had been made to form a permanent puppet theatre in the city of Miskolc, which has outstanding theatrical traditions. In 1947 László Bod, later the director of Budapest State Puppet Theatre, tried to establish the genre in Miskolc.
In the middle 1980s, in the building known as Fábián Mill, initially two groups started their work. The first to perform here was the amateur puppetry led by János Czikora until 1989. Beside this group was the Csodamalom Puppet Theatre established in 1986 by Tibor Korzsény, who was a member of the State Puppet Theatre before, and artist of the Tokaj Varieté.
The first performance was in 26 September, 1986 under the management of Tibor Korzsényi. It was an adaptation of a tale by the Grimm Brothers entitled "Hansel and Gretel".
The artists, including Anna Molnár, Valéria Egerszegi, Aszterisz Pacadisz were members of the Tokaj Varieté, except Ildikó Gyürek.
Following this, Tibor Korzsényi gathered together young people who were interested in the genre. The group enlarged and changed throughout the years. In September, 1990 the higher education of puppeteers was launched with twelve students, under the professional supervision of the State Puppet Theatre.
The first shows' puppets were designed by Vera Bródy, and made in the workshop of the State Puppet Theatre by Emőke Szabó applied artist. Scenery were made in the workshop of the National Thetare of MIskolc under the direction of Attila Veres. Accompanying music was composed by composers of Miskolc, music teacher János Zoller and organist László Csabai.
The group soon grew out of its original location. In 1988 the theatre company, then being the amateur puppetry of the City Cultural Centre, received a group operational permit from the National Philharmony, then from 1992 the company was granted the license to work as professional theatre, and was relocated to the building of the former Studio Theatre in Kossuth Street, where they established their own workshop.
Techniques.
In the beginning they carried on the traditions of the State Puppet Theatre playing mainly classic puppet shows for young children.
In recent years the group's professional activities are characterized by variety of techniques and genres. Amongst others the group put up plays based on Roma genesis legends, but their series featuring traditional European fai puppet-show stories, or the stories of Czechoslovakian cartoons formerly being very popular in Hungary have eventually built up a unique repertoire.
Beside hand or glovepuppets they apply several techniques in creating puppets. They make Wayang puppets, and amongst the flat-puppets cut out from paper and installed onto posts, marionettes were used for example in the play, Háry János. Puppets in the King Mátyás tales are moved with a Sicilian marionette technique, while objects transformed into real actors in "Rosszcsont Peti" (Naughty Peter).
The Company.
Directors:
Puppeteers:
Workshop:

</doc>
<doc id="19998816" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998816" title="Cincinnati Northern Railroad (1894–1938)">
Cincinnati Northern Railroad (1894–1938)

The Cincinnati Northern Railroad was a railroad that stretched from Franklin, Ohio (near Cincinnati) north to Jackson, Michigan, a distance of about . It was acquired by the Cleveland, Cincinnati, Chicago and St. Louis Railway in 1901 and the New York Central Railroad several years later. Most of the line has since been abandoned.
History.
In the 1850s, a line was surveyed and partially graded from Cincinnati north to Van Wert, but construction was halted by the Panic of 1857. Construction on a north-south line through Ohio's western tier of counties did not begin again until the 1870s. The Van Wert, Paulding and Michigan Railway was incorporated in December 1874 to build a short branch from the Toledo, Wabash and Western Railway (at Cecil) to Paulding. However, the Paulding and Cecil Railway was incorporated for the same purpose in December 1879, and opened in September 1880.
Another short segment of the future Cincinnati Northern was built by the Celina, Van Wert and State Line Extension of the Columbus and North–Western Railway, incorporated in May 1878 for the purpose of building a line from Celina north to the state line in Williams County. Near the state line it would meet the Columbus and North–Western Railway, which had been incorporated in 1872 to build from Columbus to the state line in that same county, but was never constructed. The line was built to Three foot gauge railways narrow gauge to connect with the growing Toledo, Delphos and Burlington Railroad (TD&B), opening from Van Wert south to Ohio City on the TD&B in August 1879, to the Mercer County line in January 1880, and to Rockford in September 1880, for a total of . At Rockford, it connected to another TD&B branch, which had been completed from Delphos in December 1878; the TD&B finished a line (later part of the main line to Dayton) from that branch at Mercer south to Celina in November 1880. Thus the Celina, Van Wert and State Line had helped to form a line south to Celina, but it ended at Van Wert in the north.
The Cincinnati, Van Wert and Michigan Railroad (CVW&M) was incorporated in January 1881 to complete the line, and soon leased the Celina, Van Wert and State Line and Van Wert, Paulding and Michigan. The former was converted to standard gauge on June 4, 1881, and the latter built a line that year from Van Wert north to the county line at Scott. The CVW&M itself, which bought the property of its two lessors later that year, built from Scott north to Paulding and Rockford south to West Manchester before merging with a Michigan corporation, the Jackson and Ohio Railroad (incorporated January 1884), in March 1886, to form the Cincinnati, Jackson and Mackinaw Railroad (CJ&M). That company bought the Paulding and Cecil in May 1887, and that year completed the full line from Addison, Michigan south to Carlisle, Ohio. Trackage rights were initially secured over the Cincinnati, Hamilton and Dayton Railroad (CH&D) from Carlisle into Cincinnati in 1888, but the CJ&M also extended its line from Carlisle to Franklin in 1888, and in January 1896 changed its Cincinnati access to the Cleveland, Cincinnati, Chicago and St. Louis Railway (Big Four) from Franklin to Middletown, the recently-opened Middletown and Cincinnati Railroad to Hageman, and the recently-standard-gauged Cincinnati, Lebanon and Northern Railway (CL&N) into Cincinnati.
The CJ&M bought a second line from the Michigan and Ohio Railroad in March 1887, stretching from Allegan past the north end of the main line at Addison to Dundee, Michigan. This line, however, was sold at foreclosure to the Toledo and Milwaukee Railroad in 1897, soon after the Jackson and Cincinnati Railway (incorporated 1895, sold 1898) built an extension north to Jackson.
The CJ&M was not a profitable enterprise, and went through a reorganization in 1892 as the Cincinnati and Michigan Railroad, immediately merging with the Michigan and Mackinaw Railroad (which had acquired the Allegan-Dundee line) to form the Cincinnati, Jackson and Michigan Railway. Throughout this period, the CJ&M attempted to convince the CH&D to acquire it by threatening to buy the CL&N and thus obtain its own line into Cincinnati. But when the CH&D tried to buy the CJ&M in the early 1890s, the CL&N protested and obtained an injunction due to a state law forbidding anti-competitive mergers. The CJ&M continued to improve its value to a potential purchaser, organizing the Dayton and Cincinnati Terminal Railroad in May 1894 to build a Cincinnati-Dayton line including a long tunnel under Cincinnati's Walnut Hills. Finding that the older Cincinnati Railway Tunnel Company owned such a franchise and an incomplete tunnel, the CJ&M bought up that company's first-mortgage bonds and forced a foreclosure, acquiring the tunnel in May 1896. The new terminal company was renamed the Cincinnati Northern Railroad in December 1894, and bought the CJ&M at its final foreclosure in July 1897. The Big Four subsequently acquired the Cincinnati Northern in 1901, and sold the unused tunnel property, as well as about of land it had acquired for a Cincinnati terminal, to the CL&N, now owned by the Pennsylvania Railroad, in 1902.
The Cincinnati Northern was formally merged into the Big Four effective June 30, 1938. Since then, most of the line has been abandoned, with only a few short pieces still in place, mostly operated by short lines: Germantown Rail Siding from Carlisle to Germantown, R.J. Corman Railroad/Western Ohio Lines (which is owned by the R.J. Corman short line railroad company) from Greenville to Ansonia, Chicago, Ft. Wayne and Eastern Railroad at Van Wert, and Norfolk Southern Railway at Jackson, MI and Bryan, OH, and Pioneer Railcorp in Cecil, Ohio.

</doc>
<doc id="19998818" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998818" title="James Keene">
James Keene

James Keene may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19998838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998838" title="Fidgeting">
Fidgeting

Fidgeting is the act of moving about restlessly. Fidgeting may be a result of nervousness, agitation, boredom or a combination of these. It may be a result of genes and is often an unconscious act. Fidgeting may involve playing with one's fingers, hair, or items of clothing. A common act of fidgeting is to bounce one's leg repeatedly. Rings are another common focus of fidgeting; variations include ring spinning, twirling or rolling along a table. 
Research by Dr. Karen Pine and colleagues at the University of Hertfordshire funded by The Economic and Social Research Council found that children that were allowed to fidget with their hands performed better in memory and learning tests.

</doc>
<doc id="19998842" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998842" title="Anakar">
Anakar

Anakar is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4232 people living in 722 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19998860" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998860" title="Acehnese language">
Acehnese language

Acehnese language (Achinese) is a Malayo-Polynesian language spoken by Acehnese people natively in Aceh, Sumatra, Indonesia. This language is also spoken in some parts in Malaysia by Acehnese descendents there, such as in Yan, Kedah.
Name.
As of 1988, "Acehnese" is the modern English name spelling and the bibliographical standard, and Acehnese people use the spelling "Acehnese" when writing in English. "Achinese" is an antiquated spelling of the English language tradition. "Atjehnese" is an antiquated spelling of a Dutch tradition and an outdated Indonesian one. The spelling "Achehnese" originates from a 1906 English translation of the Dutch language "Studien over atjesche klank- en schriftleer. Tijdschrift voor Indische Taal-, Land- en Volkenkunde 35.346-442" by Christiaan Snouck Hurgronje, 1892. In Acehnese the language is called "Basa/Bahsa Acèh". In Indonesian it is called "Bahasa Aceh".
Classification and related languages.
Acehnese belongs to the Malayo-Polynesian branch of the Austronesian language family. Acehnese's closest relatives are the other Chamic languages, such as Jarai and Cham, with just 230,000 and 280,000 speakers respectively, in both Cambodia and Vietnam. Other relatives are the Malay language family, Minangkabau language, Gayo language and the Batak languages family.
Paul Sidwell notes that Acehnese likely has an Austro-Asiatic substratum.
Distribution.
Acehnese language is located primarily in coastal region of Aceh. This language is spoken in 10 regencies and 4 cities in Aceh, those are:
City
North-East Coast
West-South Coast
Phonology.
The following are phonemes of Acehnese.
Vowels come mostly in oral/nasal pairs, though there are only three nasalized mid vowels while there are twice as many oral mid vowels. is not strictly central, though it is shown here as such for aesthetic reasons. Similarly, has also been represented as more back .
In addition to the monophthongal vowels above, Acehnese also possesses five oral diphthongs, each with a nasal counterpart:
Grammar.
Acehnese features a split ergative system. Intransitives that align with the agent of a transitive verb (Sa) always show agreement by a proclitic (1). Meanwhile, intransitives that align with the patient of a transitive verb (Sp) may optionally show agreement by an enclitic (2). Volitionality is the determining factor for whether an intransitive verb is Sa or Sp.
Writing system.
Formerly, Acehnese language was written in Arabic script called Jawoë or Jawi in Malay language. The script is less common nowadays. Now, Acehnese language is written in Latin script since colonization by the Dutch; with the addition of supplementary letters. The additional letters are é, è, ë, ö and ô. The sound ɨ is represented by 'eu' and the sound ʌ is represented by 'ö' respectively. The letter 'ë' is used to represent the schwa sound which forms the second part in the diphthongs.
Dialects.
So far there has been no complete research about dialects of the Acehnese language. However, there are at least 10 dialects in the Acehnese language. The dialects are Pasè, Peusangan, Matang, Pidië, Buëng, Banda, Daya, Meulabôh, Seunagan and Tunong.

</doc>
<doc id="19998876" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998876" title="Vector (company)">
Vector (company)

VECTOR, VECTOR is an international technology company, which specializes in the designing and manufacturing of innovative solutions for telecommunications operators in Europe. The company delivers solutions for active access network equipment and digital television headends. VECTOR’s customers are the leading cable operators in Europe. The extensive partner network enables support for small and medium-sized operators.
Established in Gdynia, Poland in 1988 by Jacek Kajut, Vector develops middleware solutions for IPTV and triple-play operators, installs broadband hardware and software, and offers consultancy services in the field of broadband and telephony.
Vector currently has 400 employees with office in Gdynia.
Vector handled the implementation of Polish first HDTV systems at Telewizja Polska.
Acting as a professional services provider for the Cable network operators, Vector has been appointed to provide professional services to in excess of 60% of the programme to date.
In October 2008 VECTOR nominated for the UPC Broadband Award.
VECTOR together with its partners: Alcatel-Lucent, Telenet, Zon TV Cabo, the Institute of Communication Technologies in Braunschweig are participating in Redesign project, supported by the European Union within the frame of the 7th Framework Program.

</doc>
<doc id="19998889" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998889" title="Aurahi, Mahottari">
Aurahi, Mahottari

Aurahi, Mahottari is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5964 people living in 1137 individual households.
Aurahi village is lies between the Highway of Bardibas & Jaleshwar.

</doc>
<doc id="19998895" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998895" title="Bagada">
Bagada

Bagada is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4597 people living in 878 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19998900" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998900" title="Bagiya Banchauri">
Bagiya Banchauri

Badiya Banchauri is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5142 people living in 948 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19998905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998905" title="Bairgiya Laxminiya">
Bairgiya Laxminiya

Bairgiya Laxminiya is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2518 people living in 478 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19998914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998914" title="Balawa">
Balawa

Balawa is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census. it had a population of 6348 people living in 1128 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19998921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998921" title="Banauli Donauli">
Banauli Donauli

Banauli Donauli is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3966 people living in 711 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19998924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998924" title="Banouta">
Banouta

Banouta is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4669 people living in 840 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19998926" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998926" title="List of public transport routes in Adelaide">
List of public transport routes in Adelaide

Bus Routes.
City routes.
The following routes originate in the Adelaide CBD
Transit Link.
TransitLink bus services are limited stop express bus routes, operating to and from the city.
Non-City Routes.
The following routes do not originate in the Adelaide CBD:
After Midnight.
After Midnight services operate only on Saturday nights/Sunday mornings after midnight:
Free Buses.
The following buses are zero-fare, wheelchair-accessible circuit routes that service the Adelaide City Council area daily, on frequent routes:

</doc>
<doc id="19998932" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998932" title="Bardibas">
Bardibas

Bardibas is an urban developing city in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. It is directly connected to Rajmarg which is extended from east to west of Nepal. Bardibas is an halt for those who want to proceed towards north Sindhuli Gadhi, or south Auri, Gaushala, Jaleshwar Ramnagar, west Birganj, east janakpur.
At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6049 people living in 1090 households.
To Promote local culture Bardibas has one FM radio station Samudayik Radio Bardibas - 94 MHz Which is a Community radio Station.

</doc>
<doc id="19998939" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998939" title="Basabitti">
Basabitti

Basabitti is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4,153 people living in 824 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19998943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998943" title="Bathnaha, Janakpur">
Bathnaha, Janakpur

Bathnaha is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7210 people living in 1206 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19998950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998950" title="Belgachhi">
Belgachhi

Belgachhi is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4377 people living in 821 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19998953" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998953" title="Bharatpur, Mahottari">
Bharatpur, Mahottari

Bharatpur, Mahottari is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6410 people living in 1131 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19998957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998957" title="Bahman">
Bahman

Bahman is the 11th month of the Iranian calendar. Bahman has 30 days. It begins on January 21 and ends on February 19.
Bahman is the second month of winter, and is followed by Esfand.

</doc>
<doc id="19998959" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998959" title="Planinc">
Planinc

Planinc may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19998960" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998960" title="Bhatauliya">
Bhatauliya

Bhatauliya is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4490.

</doc>
<doc id="19998966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998966" title="Bijayalpura">
Bijayalpura

Bijayalpura is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5620 people living in 1005 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19998973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998973" title="Bramarpura">
Bramarpura

Bramarpura is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7159 people living in 1280 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19998988" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998988" title="Damhimaid">
Damhimaid

Damhimaid is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7734 people living in 1401 individual households.
References.
This is request you to please change the name written over i.e. Damhimaid to be replaced by Damhi Marai. I am an inhabitant of this village. 
Thanking You
Chandan Kumar Mandal
I would like to request you that the name DAMHIMAID is incorrect. The correct name is Damhi-Marai. So it should be corrected accordingly.
Thanking you.
Ganesh Kumar Singh
Village Development committee: Damhi-Marai
Ward No.: 1
District: Mahottari
Zone: Janakpur
Country: Nepal

</doc>
<doc id="19998990" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998990" title="St. Columba's High School">
St. Columba's High School

St Columba's High School may refer to:
is a school

</doc>
<doc id="19998993" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998993" title="Dhamaura">
Dhamaura

Dhamaura is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 9221 people living in 1712 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19998995" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19998995" title="Minuscule 2464">
Minuscule 2464

Minuscule 2464 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on 213 parchment leaves. Dated palaeografically to the 9th century. The text is written in one column per page, in 26 lines per page.
Description.
The codex contains the text of the Acts of the Apostles, General epistles, and Pauline epistles with considerable lacunae. 52 leaves were damaged by water.
The Greek text of the codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. The basic text is the late Alexandrian, with some Byzantine text-type readings. The Romans is almost purely Byzantine. It has 6956 textual variants. Kurt Aland placed it in Category II.
The codex currently is housed at the Monastery of Saint John the Theologian (Ms. 742), in Patmos. In 2006 was digitalizing by the CSNTM team.

</doc>
<doc id="19999005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999005" title="Dharmapur, Nepal">
Dharmapur, Nepal

Dharmapur, Nepal is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4244 people living in 868 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19999011" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999011" title="OH (Ohio)">
OH (Ohio)

OH (Ohio) is a 2008 album by Lambchop.

</doc>
<doc id="19999013" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999013" title="Dhirapur">
Dhirapur

Dhirapur is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6289 people living in 1072 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19999023" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999023" title="Ekadarabela">
Ekadarabela

Ekadarabela is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6452 people living in 1087 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19999036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999036" title="Ekarahiya">
Ekarahiya

Ekarahiya is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 9085.

</doc>
<doc id="19999038" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999038" title="Acehnese people">
Acehnese people

The Acehnese (also Achinese) are a people in Aceh, Indonesia. Their homeland is located in the northernmost tip of the island of Sumatra and had a history of political struggle against the Dutch. Their language, the Acehnese, belongs to the Aceh–Chamic groups of Malayo-Polynesian branch of the Austronesian language family.
They were at one time Hinduized, as is evident from their traditions and the many Sanskrit words in their language. They have been Muslims for several centuries and are generally considered the most conservative Muslim ethnic group in Indonesia.
Traditionally, there have been a large number of Acehnese agriculturists, metal-workers and weavers. Traditionally matrilocal, their social organization is communal. They live in "gampôngs", which combine to form districts known as "mukims".
Aceh came to international attention as being the hardest-hit region of the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake with 120,000 people dead.
Overseas Acehnese.
Due to conflict since Dutch invasion to Aceh until Martial Law in Aceh and 2004 Indian Ocean Earthquake, many Acehnese fled abroad. The most significant number of Acehnese can be found in Malaysia and Scandinavia countries. Acehnese immigrants also can be found significantly in Singapore, Thailand, Australia, United States and Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="19999040" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999040" title="Etaharwakatti">
Etaharwakatti

Etaharwakatti is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5209 people living in 859 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19999047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999047" title="Vangaha">
Vangaha

Vangaha is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 9608 people living in 1852 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19999057" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999057" title="Fulahatta Parikauli">
Fulahatta Parikauli

Fulahatta Parikauli is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4226 people living in 737 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19999060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999060" title="Magunira Shagada">
Magunira Shagada

Magunira Shagada (, is a 2002 Indian Oriya film directed by Prafulla Mohanty. This film is based on story by Late Pt. Godavarish Mahapatra, which speaks of the importance of cultural traditions and about not forgetting one’s roots.
Synopsis.
A bullock cart rolled along the road. A full moon shone overhead. Sitting at the back of cart the villagers talked and sang happily. A journey was in progress. For Maguni, the driver of the cart it was the journey of his life. As he stirred the bullock cart along the road, he felt at peace with himself and his surroundings.
But like the silky moon, which gives way to the bright sun, time eroded Maguni’s life. His bullock cart found itself out of fashion with the advent of more efficient and faster bus service. All of a sudden everybody preferred the new transport service to Maguni’s bullock cart. Trapped between necessity and freedom of spirit, Maguni chooses the latter at great cost. However, neither time nor the taunts of the villager break his spirit.
Alone and hurt, Maguni continues his journey and at last his family, including his newly married wife, are reduced to starvation. Starvation forces Maguni to part with his dear bullocks for survival. But the temporary respite fails to save Maguni and his eternal faith in human beings to crumble. Its finale shows an elegiac end with the death of Maguni and his wife.
Review.
In Magunira Shagada, director Prafulla Mohanty looked pained to explore a pathetic tale of a bullock-cart driver and its clan confronted by the challenge of ‘machine’-age. While exploring the tragic tale of Maguni and his gradual loss of passengers, bullocks, carts, property and then his wife and the rest in the face of ‘machine-propelled mini cars’, the director wheels forward an important message for us. He said, “The inexorable wheel of progress grinds on, regardless of the world that is crushed under the impact. This observation has continued to worry the sensitive artistes everywhere in the world. In India the debate crops up anew almost every decade, as old world values and even basic humanism fights the battle for survival. I salute this indomitable spirit that will not succumb even in the face of death”. 
In times of bitter crisis faced by the Oriya film industry on the whole, the National awards, in whatever form they are, do provide shots in the arms and help individual filmmakers to survive with a certain sense of being. 

</doc>
<doc id="19999063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999063" title="Fulakaha">
Fulakaha

Fulakaha is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4648 people living in 893 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19999070" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999070" title="Gaidaha Bhelpur">
Gaidaha Bhelpur

Gaidha Bhetpur is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5217.
References.
http://www.ngiip.gov.np/pdf/vol2mahottari.pdf
http://www.mithilaonline.com

</doc>
<doc id="19999076" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999076" title="Gaurivas">
Gaurivas

Gaurivas is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4308 people living in 810 individual households.
Media.
To Promote local culture Gaurivas has one FM radio station Radio Sungava 107 MHZ Which is a Community radio Station.

</doc>
<doc id="19999080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999080" title="Gaushala, Nepal">
Gaushala, Nepal

Gaushala, Nepal is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 10,283 people living in 1916 individual households.
To Promote local culture Gaushala has one FM radio stations Radio Gaushala - 93.6 MHz Which is a Community radio Station.

</doc>
<doc id="19999083" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999083" title="Gonarpura">
Gonarpura

Gonarpura is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5421 people living in 1026 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19999088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999088" title="Halkhori">
Halkhori

Halkhori is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4471 people living in 720 individual households.Halkhori has three villages named Halkhori,Bhangahiya and Chakwa
Chakwa.
Chakwa is one of the atomic parts of this universe. It lies in Asia in the organization of SAARC. Among eight countries, Nepal is one. Janakpur zone and Mahottary district are its whereabouts. The head quarter of Mahottary is Jaleshower.
Chakwa is around 3-kilometers far from Jaleshowar Directly westward from Baba Jaleshowarnath. Chakwa lies in Halkhoiri VDC ward number- 8 and 9.Among 9 wards of Halkhori VDC –two wards 8 and 9 lie in Chakwa. From the viewpoint of ward, Chakwa can be divided into two parts-North Chakwa and South Chakwa. North Chakwa is ward 8 and South Chakwa is ward 9.
Bela lies in the East, Halkhori in West, Parsa lies in the Northern part and Southern part has Tharuwahi. It is 3 km far from Indian Boarder in the Northern part-a place called Lauwahi/Nauwahi.
It is 17 kilometers far from Janakpur in the North-west corner. In the same way, if we talk about this village from the view point of Indian known place called Sitamadhi, it is 37 kilometers far in South-east direction.
Chakwa is a small village. Its economical condition before 2030 BS was entirely miserable. As I knew from some elders like BINDESHOWRI MISHRA that the richest person of this village was the forefather of PITAMBAR YADAV around 4/5 hundred years ago. But after the fall of this family from economical point of view, this village again suffered from poverty except some richest persons like SUBADH ADHIKARI, MAUJE ADHIKARI, BALAM SAH and the family of “Goraiya Garga”, which means BALDEV SHUKLA’S family about whom i will talk in another section.
Talking about cultures, this village is rich from the viewpoint of culture. This village has more than Ten castes along with Hindu and Muslim, but these groups participate in each other’s festivals. Therefore, we can say that this village presents the best example of Unity in Diversity, or this type of example can be called “Religious Tolerance”.
History/Origin of Chakwa.
No one knows about this village called “Chakwa” as to how it came into existence. It is supposed that about 10 hundred years ago, it was a forest. In the distant past, forest was the proper place for the saints, Yogis, and Moonies for the penance and meditation. So it is believed that in that time, some saints and yogis came in this place for meditation and started staying here. The saint who came here made a well for drinking water which became the source for residential area which is now known as “Chakwa”. The Well about which I am talking is known as “SAH’S WELL OR SATYANARAYAN’S WELL and it was till 2060s BS.
If you see the mythological history ,Nepal is/was called “TAPOBAN” and Chakwa which lies in Mithila kingdom is purified place not only for saints and Yogis, but also for all the people who are related by Hindu religion. So it is because of this reason, some saints or a saint might have come in this place and made a residential place which is now known as “Chakwa”. 
If we talk about the name called “Chakwa”, it is very difficult to point out who named this place as “Chakwa” How did the name come into existence? Who was the first person called this place as “Chakwa”? The answers of all these questions mentioned above are unknown. No one knows about it. 
Now if I judge and utilize my creative and critical thinking for the origin of the name of this village, I think the name “Chakwa” might have come like these:
Some of the elders of our village say that whatever land we see in this village was of other villagers. The poor people of this village used to farm the land of other villagers. It was the “Chakla” of another villagers means this village’s “land-property” belongs to another villagers, and therefore it was “Chakla” for another nearing villagers. This “Chakla” as time changed turned into “Chakwa”. In this way, This “Chakla” might have turned into “Chakwa”.
Hare Ram Tiwari==www.nepalorganizations.com==
Nepal Organizations==External links==

</doc>
<doc id="19999089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999089" title="Zhou Wenzhong (diplomat)">
Zhou Wenzhong (diplomat)

Zhou Wenzhong (Chinese: 周文重; born August 1945) is a Chinese diplomat and former ambassador of the People's Republic of China to the United States of America from March 2005 to 2010.
Biography.
Zhou Wenzhong is a native of Jiangsu province. He was born in 1945 and attended the University of Bath and the London School of Economics in the UK. Zhou was Ambassador to Barbados and to Antigua and Barbuda from 1990 to 1993. From 1998-2001, he served as Ambassador to the Commonwealth of Australia. He held leading posts at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, where he served as deputy director of the American Affairs Department until 1994. In 2001 he was promoted as assistant minister and in 2003 he became vice-minister of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. In 2005, Zhou Wenzhong became Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the People's Republic of China to the United States.
Personal life.
Zhou is married and has one daughter.

</doc>
<doc id="19999091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999091" title="Hariharpur Harinagari">
Hariharpur Harinagari

Hariharpur Harinagari is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5223 people living in 1030 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19999097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999097" title="Minuscule 2754">
Minuscule 2754

Minuscule 2754 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering) is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on 256 parchment leaves (19.3 cm by 14.3 cm). It has been dated paleografically to the 11th century.
Description.
The codex contains the text of the four Gospels with some lacunae. The text is written in one column per page, with 25-26 lines per page.
Kurt Aland the Greek text of the codex did not place in any Category.
It was not examined by the Claremont Profile Method.
The codex now is housed at Bible Museum (Ms. 8) in Münster.

</doc>
<doc id="19999100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999100" title="Hathilet">
Hathilet

Hathilet is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4445 people living in 860 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19999103" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999103" title="William P. Edmunds">
William P. Edmunds

William Philip Edmunds (November 29, 1885 – April 1977) was an American football player, coach of football and basketball, college athletics administrator, and medical doctor. He played college football at the University of Michigan from 1908 to 1910. He was the head football coach at West Virginia University (1912), Washington University in St. Louis (1913–1916), and the University of Vermont (1919), compiling a career college football coach record of 19–22–2. Edmunds was also the head basketball coach at Washington University for on season in 1913–14, tallying a mark of 7–6.
Early years.
Edmunds was born in Middlesex Township, Butler County, Pennsylvania in November 1885. His parents, David and Eliza Edmunds, were immigrants from Wales. At the time of the 1900 United States Census, the family was living in Youngstown, Ohio.
University of Michigan.
After growing up in Youngstown, Ohio, Edmunds attended the University of Michigan where he received a medical degree as part of the Class of 1912. While at Michigan, Edmunds played football for Fielding H. Yost on the Michigan Wolverines football team from 1908 to 1910. He started two games as a fullback for the 1908 Michigan Wolverines football team. For the 1909 team, he started two games at right guard and one at left tackle. In 1910, he started two games at left end, three at left tackle, and one at right tackle. He was selected as an All-Western Conference tackle after the 1910 season.
Coaching and military service.
After leaving Michigan, Edmunds served as the head football coach at West Virginia University in 1912. He led the 1912 West Virginia team to a 6–3 record.
In March 1913, Edmunds was hired as the head coach of the football, baseball, basketball and track teams at Washington University in St. Louis. He served as the head football coach there from 1913 to 1916.
With the entry of the United States into World War I, Edmunds joined the United States Army. He served as a captain in the infantry starting on August 15, 1917 from CL. He was promoted to the rank of major on September 4, 1918. He was stationed at Fort Benjamin Harrison in Indiana. He was part of the American Expeditionary Forces from June 12, 1918, to January 30, 1919. He was honorably discharged on March 4, 1919.
In September 1919, Edmunds was hired as the athletic director and coach in "all branches of athletics" at the University of Vermont. He served one year as Vermont's head football coach.
Edmunds compiled a career college football coaching record of 19–22–2.
Later years and family.
Edmunds was married on December 25, 1914, to Kathryn Evans at Wheatland, Pennsylvania. At the time of the 1920 United States Census, Edmunds was living in Burlington, Vermont, with his wife, Kathryn. His occupation was listed as a university athletic director. 
Edmunds later moved to Cleveland, Ohio, where he worked as a medical doctor. At the time of the 1930 United States Census, he was living in Cleveland Heights, Ohio, with his wife, Kathryn, and their two sons, David and William. Edmunds was employed at the time as a physician for an oil corporation. In April 1942, Edmunds reported in a draft registration card that he was living in Cleveland Heights and working for the Standard Oil Co. in Cleveland.
Edmunds lived in Clearwater, Florida in his retirement. He died there in April 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="19999106" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999106" title="Hatisarwa">
Hatisarwa

Hatisarwa is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5320 people living in 975 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19999111" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999111" title="Khairbanni">
Khairbanni

Khairbani is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5629 people living in 1025 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19999116" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999116" title="Wilderness Journeys">
Wilderness Journeys

Wilderness Journeys is an award-winning adventure travel and ecotourism company.
The company.
Wilderness Journeys was founded in September 2000 to provide sustainable tourism, allowing tourists to meet local people and experience their customs and culture. 
Wilderness Journeys is the first UK operator to feature the new Koiyaki Wilderness Camp, which has been set up to provide revenue for the Koiyaki Guiding School. The camp is the first community-owned ecolodge in the wild north of the Masai Mara. 
Wilderness Journeys works on community conservation in Northern Kenya to help create a network of community-managed wildlife conservancies from the eastern escarpments of the Great Rift Valley to the lower reaches of the Tana River.
In 2009, Wilderness Journeys became the first UK operator to run trips in the Serengeti in Tanzania, notable for the annual migration of wildebeest
Awards.
Wilderness Journeys was named a Highly Commended Tour Operator in the 2006 World Responsible Travel Awards and as the top UK’s company in the 2008 Guardian Ethical Travel Awards.
Nature Conservation Projects.
Wilderness Journeys works with the Wilderness Foundation UK, a wilderness conservation organization. Together they have set up an Environment & Community Fund which provides financial support and consultancy to conservation and tourism development projects around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="19999117" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999117" title="Khaya Mara">
Khaya Mara

Khaya Mara is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6346 people living in 1163 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19999121" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999121" title="Khopi">
Khopi

Khopi is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5566 people living in 1047 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19999125" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999125" title="Khuttapipradhi">
Khuttapipradhi

Khuttapipradhi is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7184 people living in 1387 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19999138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999138" title="Kisan Nagar">
Kisan Nagar

Kisan Nagar is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6681 people living in 1189 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19999143" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999143" title="Kolhusa Bagaiya">
Kolhusa Bagaiya

Kolhusa Bagaiya is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5193 people living in 947 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19999146" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999146" title="Minuscule 2755">
Minuscule 2755

Minuscule 2755 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on 370 parchment leaves (32.2 cm by 23.2 cm). Dated paleografically to the 11th century. 
Description.
The codex contains a complete text of the four Gospels with a commentary. The text is written in one column per page, in 29 lines per page.
The text is divided according to the Ammonian sections with references to the Eusebian Canons.
Kurt Aland the Greek text of the codex did not place in any Category.
It was not examined by the Claremont Profile Method.
The codex now is housed at Bible Museum (Ms. 9) in Münster.

</doc>
<doc id="19999153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999153" title="Chengziya Archaeological Site">
Chengziya Archaeological Site

The Chengziya Archaeological Site, also spelled Chengziyai, is the location of the first discovery of the neolithic Longshan culture in 1928. The discovery of the Longshan Culture at Chengziya was a significant step towards understanding the origins of Chinese civilization. Chengziya remains the largest prehistorical settlement found to date. The site is located in Shandong province, China, about to the east of the provincial capital Jinan. It is protected and made accessible by the Chengziya Ruins Museum (). 
Location.
The Chengziya site is located about west of Longshan Town () under the administration of Zhangqiu City and about 
east of the provincial capital of Jinan. The site is located immediately to the north of provincial road S102 and less than to the south of the Dragon Lake. Other landmarks in the area are Dongping Mausoleum (less than to the east) and the ruins of the old city wall.
Neolithic settlement.
The ancient settlement of Chengziya was constructed around 2500 BC and was located on a tableland near the old Guanlu and Wuyuan rivers. The name Chengziya, literally "town by the cliff" refers to this location and the wall that encloses the settlement. The Wuyan River flows in the north-south direction to the west of the settlement. The Chengziya settlement had rectangular layout (400 by 500 meters, 1300 by 1600 feet) with edges oriented along the north-south and east-west directions. While the 
western, southern, and eastern walls are straight, the northern wall juts outward following the terrain. The settlement hence covered an area of about 200,000 square meters and was enclosed by a pounded-earth () wall that stood about tall, was wide at the base and tapered off to a width at the top. The technique for erecting the walls from pounded earth was a new innovation at the time. Successive layers ranging between 12 and in thickness were each compacted before the next layer was added. On the outside of the walls was a deep moat that was fed by water from a nearby river. As there are no major walls inside the settlement, the layout conforms to the style of a "platform city" ().
Chenziya is at the center of a cluster of more than 40 sites belonging to the Longshan Culture. These sites come in three size classes: sites covering from a few thousand up to 10,000 square meters are thought to belong to the "ju" () referred to in ancient documents. Larger sites up to 50,000 square meters are believed to be "yi" (central towns) and finally Chengziya itself has been identified as a "du" (, capital). Based on thick deposits found at the site (from 3–4 up to 5–6 meters deep), the population of the Chengziya has been estimated to be in the tens of thousands.
Other settlements.
After the era of the Longshan Culture, the Chengziya site has been occupied by two more walled settlements. One belonging to the Yueshi Culture (, 1900–1500 BC) and the other dated to the time of the Zhou Dynasty (1100–256 BC).
Archaeological study.
The site was discovered in 1928 by the archaeologist Wu Jinding (, 1901–1948) It was the first discovery of relics from the Longshan Culture which was named for the nearby Long Hill (, literally "Dragon Hill") and the village of the same name. The first excavations on the site were carried out in the years 1930 and 1931. This was the first time that such field research was carried out exclusively by Chinese archaeologists using modern methods. Additional excavations were carried out in 1990 by the Archaeological Institute of Shandong Province on the southern side of the provincial road.
Excavations at the site have unearthed the foundations of houses, pottery kilns and wells as well as pottery items (e.g., tripod cauldrons, cups, jars), stone tools, oracle bones, and weapons. Characteristic items found at the site include fine black polished pottery, in particular wheel-turned vessels with an angular outline, abundant gray pottery, as well as rectangular polished stone axes. Some of the pottery found features inscriptions. 
The objects found inside the Chengziya settlement were in general of higher quality than those of the surrounding areas, which is taken as an indication that Chengziya as a regional capital received tribute from the surrounding smaller settlements. 
Chengzija is one of the few neolithic sites at which horse bones have been found. However, the recovered material does not allow it to be determined whether horses had already been domesticated at the time.
Museum.
The Chengziya Ruins Museum is located 100 m to the east of the neolithic settlement. It covers an area of 20,000 square meters of which 4,000 square meters are occupied by the main building. The museum building was designed by Prof. Yang Hongxun (), an expert on historical buildings. The building is shaped like a mythical bird with the wings containing the exhibition halls and the body conference facilities. The museum was opened in September 1994, the total construction cost was 6 million Chinese Yuan. The museum 
complex also houses the Jinan Longshan Culture Research Institute. Since its opening, the museum has received more than 500,000 visitors.
Political significance.
The remains of the Longshan Culture at Chengziya are cultivated by the government as a source of national pride in the long history of Chinese civilization. The Chengziya site was among the first historical and cultural sites to be placed under government protection in 1961 (State Council resolution number 1-140). Furthermore, it has since been declared a first-tier "patriotism 
education" site by the municipal and provincial government. Its political importance has been stressed by visits of political leaders.

</doc>
<doc id="19999161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999161" title="Minuscule 2756">
Minuscule 2756

Minuscule 2756 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament. Dated paleografically to the 13th century. 
Description.
The codex contains a complete text of the four Gospels, on 195 parchment leaves (18.7 cm by 14.5 cm). Written in one column per page, in 25 lines per page.
Kurt Aland the Greek text of the codex did not place in any Category.
According to the Claremont Profile Method it represents the textual family Πb in Luke 1 and Luke 20. In Luke 10 no profile was made.
The codex now is housed at Bible Museum (Ms. 10) in Münster.

</doc>
<doc id="19999174" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999174" title="Lenka (disambiguation)">
Lenka (disambiguation)

Lenka is a common female name. Independently, it is a common diminutive of another common female name, Lena. Some Lenka references are as follows:

</doc>
<doc id="19999175" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999175" title="Gahnia trifida">
Gahnia trifida

Gahnia trifida (coastal saw-sedge) is a tussock-forming perennial in the family Cyperaceae, endemic to southern Australia. 
A herb, sedge or grass-like, with very rough leaf margins and underside. The species grows in dense tussocks, 1.5 metres and 1 metre across, with leaves over 1 metre long and drooping. It is found on white or grey sand, or clay, that may be saline. The leaf blade is inrolled from the margin on the upper surface. Stems are rigid and erect. Branchlets containing the flowering heads emerge from axils at the main bracts. This branchlet has a spike-like arrangement of numerous, yellow or brown, clusters of flowerheads.
The species occurs in wetlands of coastal regions in Southwest Australia, South Australia, Victoria, and Tasmania. It is found at Rottnest, an island off the west coast, where it grows near the inland salt lakes. The habitat is moist, often adjacent to creeks and swamps, and may also be saline.
The first description of "Gahnia trifida" was by Jacques Labillardière in "Novae Hollandiae Plantarum Specimen" (1805).

</doc>
<doc id="19999177" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999177" title="Laxminiya, Janakpur">
Laxminiya, Janakpur

Laxminiya is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7540 people living in 1444 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19999179" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999179" title="Loharpatti">
Loharpatti

Loharpatti is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6449 people living in 1251 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19999182" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999182" title="Mahadaiyatapanpur">
Mahadaiyatapanpur

Mahadaiyatapanpur is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4588 people living in 815 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19999191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999191" title="Maisthan">
Maisthan

Maisthan is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6739 people living in 1272 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19999196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999196" title="All Saints' Church, Stamford">
All Saints' Church, Stamford

All Saints' Church, Stamford is a parish church in the Church of England located in Stamford, Lincolnshire.
History.
All Saints' Church is medieval and is mentioned in the Domesday Book. None of the original church is still in existence. There is a very small amount of 12th century stonework, but the bulk of the church dates from the 13th century. 
Extensive additions were made by the Browne family in the 15th century. John Browne, Merchant of the Staple of Calais, funded the 15th century construction. His son, William, Mayor of the Calais Staple, funded and built the steeple. Various members of the Browne family are the only people buried inside the church. William Stukeley was vicar 1730 – 1747.
Organ.
The organ was built in 1916 by James Binns.

</doc>
<doc id="19999197" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999197" title="Majhora Bishnupur">
Majhora Bishnupur

Majhora Bishnupur is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4286 people living in 739 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19999201" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999201" title="Manara, Nepal">
Manara, Nepal

Manara, Nepal is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5198 people living in 891 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19999208" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999208" title="Matihani, Nepal">
Matihani, Nepal

Matihani, Nepal is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6888 people living in 1292 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19999210" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999210" title="Meghanath Gorhanna">
Meghanath Gorhanna

Meghanath Gorhanna is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4612 people living in 824 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19999216" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999216" title="Giannis Maniatis">
Giannis Maniatis

Ioannis "Giannis" Maniatis (; born 12 October 1986) is a Greek footballer who plays for Olympiacos and the Greek national team. He plays as a defensive midfielder or right-back.
Club career.
Panionios.
Maniatis was first spotted as a 16-year-old playing for A.A.Arachova Parnassos in 2002. He quickly caught the eye of scouts while finishing his youth career while playing with AO Thiva, and was then snapped up by Panionios in late 2003. He made his debut for the 'Kyanerythri' in 2004 and has since become integral part of the first team.
He has attracted interest from the big Greek clubs, AEK Athens, Olympiacos and Panathinaikos. However, on 22 June 2009, Maniatis ended speculation over his future by signing a new four-year deal with Panionios.
Olympiacos.
In January 2011, Olympiacos won the race for Maniatis' signature, ahead of AEK Athens who showed a strong interest in the player. Maniatis had been acquired as a right-back, where he would be a back-up to the first-choice in that position, team captain Vasilis Torosidis; however, later events would see Maniatis flourish in a new position. His versatility allowed him to play many games for Panionios as a defensive midfielder, a position he would cement himself in at Olympiacos. Olympiacos were plagued with injuries ahead of their UEFA Champions League encounter with Marseille and coach Ernesto Valverde decided to field Maniatis as a defensive midfielder in a tough away game of great importance. Maniatis put in a man-of-the-match performance and has since established himself as a key, first-choice player in midfield for Olympiacos. Maniatis has proven to be more effective in midfield than in what was thought to be his best position at right-back. He has proven to be a revelation at Olympiacos where he has shown great tackling skills, superb stamina and a surprisingly good passing range with impressive vision. Initially being moved into a defensive midfield position, Maniatis now plays as a box-to-box midfielder playing alongside a more established defensive midfielder.
He scored his first goal at Olympiacos in a 4-0 home win against Levadikos. On 4 December 2012, he managed to score his first goal in the Champions League, in a 2-1 home win against Arsenal. He also scored against Aris in a 2-1 home win.
International career.
Greece U21.
Maniatis made his debut for the Greece U-21 squad in 2006, up until his 22 birthday, he had 14 caps.
Greece.
After his impressive performances at Panionios, Maniatis was called up to the Greek national football team on 11 August 2010 by Fernando Santos to face Serbia were he made his debut coming on as a substitute in Greece's 0–1 away win. Maniatis made his second cap for Greece in a UEFA Euro 2012 qualifier against Israel.

</doc>
<doc id="19999217" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999217" title="Nainhi">
Nainhi

Nainhi is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5812 people living in 938 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19999221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999221" title="Minuscule 2793">
Minuscule 2793

Minuscule 2793 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), is a Greek minuscule manuscript of the New Testament, on 1 parchment leaf (13.9 cm by 10.3 cm). Dated paleografically to the 13th century (or 14th century). Only one leaf has survived.
Description.
The codex contains only a fragment text of the Gospel of Matthew 22:7-22. The text is written in one column per page, in 20 lines per page. It has breathings and accents. It is written by small well-formed Greek hand. The margins are wide.
Kurt Aland the Greek text of the codex did not place in any Category.
This leaf is one of very few authentic pieces which were bought by Thomas Phillipps from Constantine Simonides (in 1853/1854).
The codex is now housed at Bible Museum (Ms. 11) in Münster.

</doc>
<doc id="19999222" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999222" title="Gondola Group">
Gondola Group

Gondola Group is a chain restaurant operator in the United Kingdom and Ireland. It operates in 600 locations using several casual dining brands:

</doc>
<doc id="19999223" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999223" title="Nigauli">
Nigauli

Nigauli is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 5474 people living in 841 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19999228" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999228" title="John Ball (footballer born 1925)">
John Ball (footballer born 1925)

John "Johnny" Ball (born 13 March 1925) was an English footballer who played at right back for Manchester United and Bolton Wanderers in the late 1940s and 1950s.
Born in Ince-in-Makerfield, Wigan, Ball began his football career with Wigan Athletic during the Second World War. During the war, since many players were in the armed forces, those who remained with their clubs would often make guest appearances for other clubs to make up the numbers. As well as playing for Wigan, Ball made guest appearances for Gravesend.
In February 1948, Ball was signed by Manchester United for a fee of £2,000. He made his debut two months later, a 2–0 defeat away to Everton on 10 April 1948. In just over two years with United, Ball was never a regular starter in the first team, serving as understudy to Johnny Carey at right back, and he made just 23 appearances in total for the club before being sold to Bolton Wanderers in September 1950.
Ball flourished at Bolton, playing in 200 league games for the Trotters. His Bolton career spanned eight seasons, from 1950 until his retirement from playing in 1958. He played in the 'Matthews Final' in 1953. In 1960, Ball was appointed as manager of his first club, Wigan Athletic. He remained in the position for three years, before retiring from football altogether and set up a painting and decorating business. Later he emigrated to live in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="19999229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999229" title="Padaul">
Padaul

Padaul is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4806 people living in 868 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19999230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999230" title="Parsa Pateli">
Parsa Pateli

Parsa Pateli is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2958 people living in 515 individual households.
Parsa-Pataili VDC consists of four separate villages: Parsa, Pataili, Chauria, and Bishnupur. Parsa, Pataili, and Bishnupur have two wards each while Chauria has three wards. The villages bishnupur has population of 1200. Many young peoples from Bishnupur works in Middle east countries as well as in Malaysia. A few families have been migrated to the United States of America for study/Job. Parsa-pataili is also the birth place of two member of parliament in Nepalese parliament.
References.
<title>
<paragraph)
<head>
recently one minister had been from chauriya named Ganesh Tiwari Nepali
<head?

</doc>
<doc id="19999231" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999231" title="Parsadewadh">
Parsadewadh

Parsadewadh is a village development committee in Mahottari District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 6779 people living in 1230 individual households.

</doc>
<doc id="19999236" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999236" title="Kokaral">
Kokaral

Kokaral ( – "Green Island") was until 1973 an island in Kazakhstan, in the northern part of the Aral Sea. It had an area of 273 km² (1960), and its highest point was the 163 meter high hill called Daut. On its northern shore was situated the fishing villages of Kokaral, Avan and Akbasty.
Due to the shrinking of the Aral Sea, the island became connected to the mainland in the 1960s at its western end, and became the Kokaral Peninsula. From 1987 on it became connected to the surrounding land also at its eastern end, over the Berg Strait, turning the peninsula into an isthmus separating the North Aral Sea and the South Aral Sea. 
In 2005 the Dike Kokaral across the Berg Strait was completed. The dike stops water from the North Aral Sea from spilling over into the South Aral Sea, and thus contributes to maintaining and increasing the waterlevel in the northern sea.

</doc>
<doc id="19999247" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999247" title="List of Knight's Cross recipients 2nd SS Panzer Division Das Reich">
List of Knight's Cross recipients 2nd SS Panzer Division Das Reich

The SS Division "Das Reich" (German 2. SS-Panzer-Division Das Reich) was one of the thirty-eight divisions fielded by the Waffen-SS during World War II. 
It served from the invasion of France and took part in several major battles on the Eastern Front, before it was pulled back to France and took part in the fighting in Normandy, the Battle of the Bulge and the last, fighting in Hungary and Austria.
The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross and its higher grades were based on four separate enactments. The first enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 1573" of September 1, 1939 instituted the Iron Cross and the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. As the war progressed some of the recipients distinguished themselves further and a higher grade, the Oak Leaves to Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was instituted. The Oak Leaves, as they were commonly referred to, were based on the enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 849" of June 3, 1940. In 1941 two higher grades of the Knight's Cross were instituted. The enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt I S. 613" of September 28, 1941 introduced the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords and the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves, Swords and Diamonds. At the end of 1944 the last and final grade, the Knight's Cross with Golden Oak Leaves, Swords, and Diamonds, based on the enactment "Reichsgesetzblatt 1945 I S. 11" of December 29, 1944 concluded the variants of the Knight's Cross.
Prerequisites.
To qualify for the Knight's Cross, a soldier had to already hold the 1939 Iron Cross First Class, though the Iron Cross I Class was awarded concurrently with the Knight's Cross in rare cases.
Unit commanders could also be awarded the medal for exemplary conduct by the unit as a whole.
Grades.
The Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross was divided into five grades, excluding the Grand Cross of the Iron Cross:
Dietrich award.
Several awards made by SS-Oberstgruppenführer Sepp Dietrich in May 1945 ; on his own account Dietrich was authorized to award KCs and higher grades up to swords by a personal authority he got from Adolf Hitler in May 1944 ; this is questionable and his "eidesstattliche Erklärung" about this issue is either not existent or at least not confirmed ; what is published in von Seemen and Krätschmer is a letter containing a statement which is open to interpretation ; it is very likely this passage is misinterpretated ; as a matter of fact there has been made many promotions (backdated 20.04.1945) and awards by 6. SS-Pz.Armee, announced on 06.05.1945 to the troops ; all these awards made their way from staff 6. SS-Pz.Armee to Berlin offices as well as to SS-Obersturmbannführer Wilhelm Kment des Reichsführers SS zum OKH/HPA and "Sachbearbeiter W-SS" im HPA P 5 a 1. Staffel, at that time in Austria and back beneath the ordinary proposal system and awarding procedere ; "06.05.1945" = day of announcement, is the award date for all these awards ; -> called "Dietrich award" furtheron ; are all illegal according to Scherzer

</doc>
<doc id="19999248" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999248" title="Yucca Theatre">
Yucca Theatre

The Yucca Theatre in Hysham, Montana, was built in 1931 by David Manning. The Mission style movie theater initially had a stage for theatrical productions which was removed in 1936. The theater closed in 1957 and became a part of the adjoining Manning home. The theater has since been restored and is used as a community theater.
The placard reads:
An optimistic, cheerful nature and keen sense of humor helped make legislator, contractor, and engineer David Manning instrumental in getting Montana “out of the mud.” A champion of Montana’s rural communities, Manning initiated significant improvements across Montana’s sparsely populated areas: electricity, paved roads, dams, and irrigation systems. Nicknamed “The Fox” for his clever solutions to difficult problems, Manning was a fair and patient leader of true vision, who could often cross political party lines when others could not. He served in the Montana House and Senate from 1932 to 1985, longer than any other legislator in the nation at the time of his retirement. Just before embarking upon his long political tenure, Manning and his brother, Jim, designed and built this Hysham landmark. The popularity of talking pictures had reached a peak, and the grandiose Mission style movie theater well represents the flamboyance typical of the 1930s theater design. Its construction in 1931 raised community morale and made the statement that Hysham would survive the Great Depression. In 1936, the stage behind the movie screen was eliminated and living accommodations added (and later expanded), which served as the family home during Manning’s long political service. In 1992, the Manning heirs donated both theater and residence to the Treasure County ‘89ers. Now a museum, they commemorate the town’s early development and the productive career of a widely acclaimed Montanan.

</doc>
<doc id="19999261" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999261" title="Fantasy (video game)">
Fantasy (video game)

Fantasy is a 1981 Action/Adventure arcade game developed by Rock-Ola which featured only a joystick and no buttons for the player to interact with (similarly to Pac-Man and Frogger).
The game featured a rendition of the popular "Funkytown" song.

</doc>
<doc id="19999262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999262" title="Metafour Music">
Metafour Music

Metafour is the second studio album by Slaves on Dope, released on June 10, 2003.
The album was released by Bieler Bros. Records, with major label distribution in MCA Records. In contrast to their debut release, "Metafour" displays little of the screaming, shouting, and angst of its predecessor.

</doc>
<doc id="19999279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999279" title="Shallum Asher Xavier">
Shallum Asher Xavier

Shallum Asher Xavier is a Pakistani guitarist, composer and music producer. He has been recording professionally for 15 years, and has played as a session musician and recorded with most of the renowned Pakistani mainstream artists including Ali Haider, Najam Shiraz, Zeb and Haniya, Hadiqa Kiyani, and Strings.
In 2003 Xavier, with Imran Momina formed the internationally acclaimed band Fuzön. Shallum is currently working on his own album which features various artists from across borders.
Xavier fas been awarded Best Guitarist of Pakistan 2 years running, as well as an award for Best South Asian Band and Best Composer for his composition of Khamaj. He has collaborated independently with Ingrid Kindem, Hildegun and Mocci (Fryd), and has performed with them on a number of occasions in both Pakistan and Norway.
Biography.
Born in Karachi, Pakistan, in 1978 to Samuel and Shirin Xavier, Shallum is the second of four siblings, and the oldest son. He grew up around music and musicians, and began experimenting on the keyboard when he was eight. Inspired by the American pastor at his Sunday school who played the guitar, Xavier knew he wanted to play live music, and began to teach himself.
Then he heard rock.
Adopting Steve Vai and Joe Satriani as his mentors, the switch to guitar was complete. Xavier saved up his allowance, and bought his first acoustic guitar for Rs. 1000 from a "chappati wala" (roadside flatbread vendor) who had an after hours job at a guitar manufacturing workshop. He used this guitar for 3 years, bruising and cutting himself on the low-grade quality. He then sought out a musician who would teach him the basics of the guitar and musical theory. Roland lived across the street from Xavier and started teaching him. Xavier would also trek over by bus to a place near the commercial hub of Karachi where there would be rejected publications, and buy guitar player magazines- the only source for information on music available at the time.
Xavier did not have many friends, so when he discovered one other person in his neighborhood, Ovais, who was apart from the rest like himself, he found someone equally involved and determined about learning as much as possible about music and musicians internationally. Having someone who could relate to his passion was an incredible experience for him. Before long, some of Xavier’s school friends from Saint Paul’s English High School also started learning various instruments, and when Xavier was 14, they formed a band. They would practice day and night, often for twelve hours at a stretch. The fact that he had a group of friends determined about music, while realizing there wasn’t a real “future” in it, was important. They were having fun. This support group was indispensable, having to encourage each other because there was little or no support from anyone else around them in their pursuit of this unconventional and uncertain career path. They were driven to focus on their music, be able to play well. As for Xavier, this was when he started focusing exclusively on who and what he wanted to BE.
Breaking the silence.
Although Xavier was always a good student, everything else now took a back seat to his music. He would spend his evenings isolated in the veranda outside the kitchen, and, in the backdrop of the noisy Karachi streets and the pleasant shouts of children playing cricket, used to practice for hours. Naturally reserved, in pursuit of learning and perfecting his craft he forced himself out of his shell. He would listen to music, seek out musicians, and make an effort to talk to other guitarists.
Karachi had a significant underground music culture. Television’s scope was limited at the time, and consequently there was quality live music being performed at restaurants and other public places. Serious musicians were accessible to Xavier, and he made sure to take every advantage to network and learn from them. From the first few chords Xavier learned, he started composing melodies of his own. He would compose songs, and always knew he would write his own music, but realized he would have to know the industry first.
Under pressure.
As Xavier became more and more consumed by his music, the pressure mounted on him to choose a career. Music was not considered to be an actual career path, especially for the oldest son. The way forward, to an economically stable future, was seen to be in quality education, not talent and drive in the arts. For Xavier to give up his music would have been giving up a piece of himself. Pressure from family forces you to make difficult decisions, and Xavier stuck to what he believed in. He knew that one day he would be doing what he’s doing now. There was nothing else for him. And so, while he did his Bachelors of Commerce from Government National College Karachi, Xavier decided that he had to learn the business of music.
The commerce of chords.
At 16 Xavier met Imran Momina, better known as Immu, who would remain an integral part of his music career. Immu, who was older, knew many professional musicians at the time. Xavier spent increasing amounts of time with them, learning about the business side of the music industry to counter the pressure at home. The music industry was growing in leaps and bounds in the mid-1990s. There had been a significant gap in the popular music industry post Vital Signs, and as Junoon came in to fill that gap it was an exciting new time for musicians. While that time was exciting for musicians creatively, it was professionally difficult because of the political situation. Post Zia ul-Haq, artistic expression was publicly just starting out again after over a decade of forced silence, and Karachi was suffering from severe violent outbursts frequently. Even Junoon had trouble for their first 6 years or so.
Already well connected in the music industry, Immu not only introduced Xavier to musicians, but also a lot of producers. Xavier began working at Hill Music Station, run by Mohsin Raza Khan, better known as “Bunny,” which is when Xavier began seriously experimenting and planning. He used to spend days and nights at a time learning, practicing and jamming. People started liking his music, and Xavier started getting some sessions to play. Creative, spontaneous, quick to deliver, and naturally gifted, session music was not as difficult for Xavier as it could have been, and it gave him the courage and energy to move forward professionally and creatively. Xavier played in almost every studio that existed at the time, and played sessions for all the musicians in the industry, including Strings, Najam Shiraz, Ali Haider, and Hadiqa Kayyani, and performed at Café Blue and New York Café. The youngest among the musicians he was spending time with, Xavier had his first studio experience at the age of 16, recording an album in 2 days. Making music for other people was a way to make money to support themselves, but it was just a break-even situation financially.

</doc>
<doc id="19999286" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999286" title="Casino Raiders">
Casino Raiders

Casino Raiders is a 1989 Hong Kong action drama film written and directed by Jimmy Heung and Wong Jing and starring Andy Lau, Alan Tam, Idy Chan and Rosamund Kwan. It belonged to the early part of the 1989-1996 period, a period when films with gambling-themed were dominating the Hong Kong movie scene. The film was followed by two sequels "No Risk, No Gain" (1990) and "Casino Raiders II" (1991) which have new storylines.
Synopsis.
The movie focuses heavily on decisions made by the four main characters (asking what is absolutely paramount), which ultimately lead to the climax of the movie.

</doc>
<doc id="19999296" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999296" title="Mount Tomorr">
Mount Tomorr

Mount Tomorr is a large mountain in southern Albania. Its highest peak, called Çuka e Partizanit, reaches a height of . It is located east of the towns of Berat and Poliçan and the river Osum not far from the Canyon of Osum river. 
In antiquity the region of Tomorr ( Amyron) was inhabited by the Dexari, a tribe of Epirus that belonged to the Chaonian group of the northwestern Greek-speaking Epirote tribe.
Albanian folklore tells how Tomorr came to be. The people believed that Tomorr was a giant that wanted to fight another giant named "Shpirag" for a young woman. The two giants killed each other and when hearing this the young woman cried and drowned in her own tears thus creating the river of Osum.
Tomorr is of great spiritual importance to the local people. On the summit of the mountain a Bektashi shrine to the brother of Imam Husain, Abbas ibn Ali can be found. Each August thousands of faithful make pilgrimage to this shrine. 
Tomorr also offers many sports facilities such as skiing. For its importance and beauty the Albanian Government declared Tomorr a National Park. Tomorr Mountain National Park (Albanian:"Parku Kombëtar i Malit të Tomorrit") covers an area of 4,000 hectares. Many endangered species are free to roam and live there.

</doc>
<doc id="19999319" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999319" title="Reverse DNS (disambiguation)">
Reverse DNS (disambiguation)

Reverse DNS and similar can mean:

</doc>
<doc id="19999327" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999327" title="Corpach">
Corpach

Corpach () is a large village north of Fort William, in the Scottish Highlands. The canal lock at Corpach Basin on Loch Linnhe, east of the narrows leading to Loch Eil, is the western sea entrance of the Caledonian Canal. It is a natural harbour, unlike Fort William.
History.
The name Corpach is reputedly based on the Gaelic for "field of corpses", so called because it was perhaps used as a resting place when taking coffins of chieftains on the way to burial on Iona. 
The Battle of Corpach in about 1470 saw Clan Cameron rout Clan MacLean.
In World War I, the United States Navy had a base at Corpach as part of the laying of the North Sea Mine Barrage. Naval mines were shipped into Corpach from the United States, and were then sent to the Inverness base along the Caledonian Canal, which joins Loch Linnhe at Corpach.
During World War II, Corpach was the engineering base for HMS "St Christopher" which was a training base for Royal Navy Coastal Forces. Some of the buildings are still in use. There was a large camp at Annat, now used as a caravan site. 

</doc>
<doc id="19999330" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999330" title="Tafluprost">
Tafluprost

Tafluprost (trade names Taflotan, marketed by Santen Pharmaceutical Co. and Zioptan, by Merck (U.S.)) is a prostaglandin analogue used topically (as eye drops) to control the progression of glaucoma and in the management of ocular hypertension. It reduces intraocular pressure by increasing the outflow of aqueous fluid from the eyes.
Taflotan contains 15 µg/ml Tafluprost. "Taflotan sine" is a preservative-free, single-dose formulation containing 0.3 ml per dose.

</doc>
<doc id="19999341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999341" title="Warren Fahey">
Warren Fahey

Warren Fahey AM is a folklore collector, cultural historian, author, broadcaster, record and concert producer, visual artist, songwriter and a performer of Australian traditional and related historical music.
Fahey is the founder of Larrikin Records, Folkways Music and the band The Larrikins. In 1988, he sold his music publishing company, Larrikin Music, to Music Sales Corporation, and in 1995 sold Larrikin Records to Festival Music.
After the Down Under (song) court case, he suggested that the copyright owners of the Kookaburra (song), Larrikin Music, 'gift' the song to Australia.
He has a distinguished career as a folklorist and collector of oral histories.
As a performer he has been telling Australian folk stories, reciting bush poetry and singing either solo or with his ensembles The Larrikins, The Celebrated Knickers & Knockers Band, and, more recently, the Australian Bush Orchestra.
Commenced performing in 1969 and has a unique repertoire of bush songs, early ballads, city ditties and associated folklore including poetry, drinking toasts and parodies. He presents specific entertainment programs based on his books at the various Writers Week festivals as well as performances at folk and regional arts festivals.
With his pioneering ensemble, The Larrikins, he has toured for Musica Viva and the Arts Council circuit for the past 40 years. He produced and hosted the entertainment at the first State Dinner in the new Federal Parliament House.
He has represented Australia for the Department of Foreign Affairs in numerous Cultural touring programs performing in Indonesia, Malaysia, New Zealand, Thailand, Britain and the first-ever cultural exchange tour to the South Pacific region. He has performed at the Commonwealth Arts Festival, Edinburgh, Vancouver Folk Festival, Auckland Arts Festival and the state festivals of Perth, Sydney Festival, Adelaide Festival, Darwin Festival. In 2006 he performed a song cycle world premiere performance of Andrew Ford’s ‘Barleycorn’ for the Brisbane Festival.
Since 2000 he has performed at the National Folk Festival (2001, 2004, 2006, 2007, 2009, Majors Creek Music Festival (twice), Victor Harbour Festival, Araluen Folk Festival WA and, in 2009, The Blue Mountains Festival, National Folk Festival and Cobargo Festival. In 2001, he hosted and performed at the Belongings Exhibition for the State Library of NSW for the Governor General, and then at the re-opening of the Mitchell Library with a performance for the Governor of NSW and the Premier.
In 2006 he was Artistic Director of the ten-day Australian Spotlight, Lorient Festival, Brittany, France, on behalf of the Australian Government.
Since 2003 he has been guest lecturer on various prestige cruise ships, notably Seabourn, Regent Seven Seas and Cunard. Mostly on Australian, New Zealand and Asian journeys however, in 2013, he was invited as guest lecturer on two journeys in the Adriatic. In 2014 he commenced including Asian talks in his talks schedule.
He has performed in numerous countries, mostly with his ensemble, The Larrikins. In 2008, he took his group to Malaysia for Austrade and, in January 2009, to the Philippines for a DFAT cultural tour.
Warren sings and plays concertina. He continues to ‘revive’ old songs by marrying them with either traditional or new musical settings. He writes songs where there are no songs to tell an aspect of the Australian story.
In 2010, he devised, scripted, recorded and co-produced (with visual artist Mic Gruchy) a major multi-screen art installation commissioned by the Biennale of Sydney titled 'Damned Souls and Turning Wheels' - a history of Cockatoo Island.
His Australian Folklore Unit has been collecting and annotating Australian folklore for nearly 50 years and made available in his books, radio programs, concerts and, most importantly, on his website.
In 2012, he was Artistic Producer for the Kings Cross Festival.
In 2012, Rebel Studios completed a one-hour bio documentary on his work titled 'Larrikin Lad' which was screened on SBS 'Studio' and released as a DVD by ABC Video.

</doc>
<doc id="19999357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999357" title="HM Prison Swinfen Hall">
HM Prison Swinfen Hall

HM Prison Swinfen Hall is a Category C men's prison and Young Offenders Institution, located in the village of Swinfen (near Lichfield) in Staffordshire, England. The prison is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service.
History.
The prison is named after Swinfen Hall, which stands opposite the prison. HMP Swinfen Hall opened in February 1963 as a Borstal. In 1972 it became a long-term young offenders' institution. 
In April 2001, an inspection report from Her Majesty's Chief Inspector of Prisons highly praised Swinfen Hall, naming the institution as a centre of excellence. The report stated that Swinfen Hall was a place "in which the needs as well as the characteristics of young, adolescent prisoners, are understood and catered for". The prisons anti-bullying schemes and programmes which examine offending behaviour were also praised.
A major building project began at Swinfen Hall in spring 2004, following significant increases in the prison population. The new construction was to develop existing accommodation and facilities for prisoners.
In January 2006, Swinfen Hall was one of only five institutions to get the top ranking in the list compiled by the Prison Service, achieving the level four category which is reserved for prisons which are exceptionally high performing and which consistently meet or exceed targets.
The prison today.
Swinfen Hall receives young offenders (aged 21-25) serving 4 years to life. The prison also holds Category C prisoners serving over 4 years. Prisoners are housed in 9 wings, in single cell accommodation.
Swinfen Hall is piloting a scheme in preparation for the proposed abolition of detention in a young offender institution for those under 21. The work at Swinfen Hall is at the heart of the government's overall delivery plan for reducing reoffending. At Swinfen Hall individual needs are identified early, and through an active and integrated regime of education skills training and the specialised accredited offending behaviour and substance abuse courses, needs are addressed and risks reduced. Working together with national corporations, local businesses, voluntary organisations, the Learning and Skills Council, education providers and others, contributes to the success of the training and development needs for prisoners at Swinfen Hall and prepares them for a crime free life on release.

</doc>
<doc id="19999375" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999375" title="Nunca el Tiempo es Perdido">
Nunca el Tiempo es Perdido

Nunca el Tiempo es Perdido is the second solo studio album from Spanish musician Manolo García, formerly of the band El Último de la Fila.

</doc>
<doc id="19999400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999400" title="Naples metropolitan area">
Naples metropolitan area

The Naples metropolitan area () is a metropolitan area in Campania, Italy, centered on the city of Naples. With a population of around 4 million, it's the third most populous metropolitan area on the European part of Mediterranean coast (after Barcelona and Athens), and one of the biggest metropolises in Europe.
Overview.
Naples urban area and metropolitan area is second the most populous in Italy, after Milan. The urban area — core of metropolitan area — has a population of 3,020,000 being the 10th-most populous urban area in the European Union. According to European Spatial Planning Observation Network, Naples polycentric metropolitan area has a population of 3,714,000. According to "The Principal Agglomerations of the World - Population Statistics and Maps" by Citypopulation.de, Naples urban agglomeration has a population of 4,150,000. According to "Associazione per lo sviluppo dell'industria nel Mezzogiorno" ("SVIMEZ"), Naples metropolitan area has a population of 4,434,136 on area of 2,300 km².
Composition.
The Naples metropolitan area includes the whole province of Naples, 35 municipalities in province of Caserta, 10 municipalities in province of Avellino and 34 municipalities in province of Salerno, in all 171 municipalities, Naples metropolitan area - SVIMEZ the most important of these by population are Salerno, Giugliano in Campania, Torre del Greco, Pozzuoli, Casoria e Caserta, as shows the next table.
Naples metropolitan area - SVIMEZ
Comparison.
This table shows the main Italian metropolitan areas by population. The Naples metropolitan area is in the second place.

</doc>
<doc id="19999412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999412" title="TVS Apache">
TVS Apache

The TVS Apache is a motorcycle made by TVS Motors since 2007. TVS Apache is available in three variants: Apache RTR 160 Hyper edge, Apache RTR 180, Apache RTR 180 ABS. The "RTR" stands for "Racing Throttle Response." More than 1 million Apaches are on the road.
Design and styling.
The bike is designed with a racing approach, resulting in the inclusion of a lap timer and provision for the last three 0–60 km/h timings. Apache is the first bike in India to feature a petal disc brake.
The bike evolved from Circa 1999 Suzuki Fiero which TVS used to manufacture in India. It is TVS's R&D on Fiero model with an overbore on 147 cc Fiero Engine.
Comfort and handling.
Since the bike is optimized for handling, the ride quality is on the stiff side. 
Previous versions of Apache had a wheelbase of which resulted in better turning in at the expense of stability. TVS increased the wheelbase by to improve the stability. The Apache 180 introduced ABS to the lineup in 2011. 
Performance and fuel economy.
The top of the line Apache RTR FI 160 features a fuel injected 160 cc engine. It does 0–60 km/h in 4.3 seconds and 0–100 km/h in 15.07 seconds. It is capable of a top speed of around 127 km/h and returns 54 km/l (150 mpg (Imperial/UK) or 1.5 l/100 km) on the highway and 48 km/l (110 mpg or 2.08 l/100 km) in city riding.
Awards.
TVS Apache has won awards including:

</doc>
<doc id="19999418" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999418" title="Tunis derby">
Tunis derby

In Tunisian football, the Tunis derby is the local derby between the two major clubs in the city of Tunis, Tunisia – Club Africain and Espérance. The derby is played in Rades in the Stade Olympique de Radès stadium due to its larger capacity of 65,000 seats.
History.
Espérance used to be the harkis and Club Africain a club for nationalists. The Club Africain headquarters is located in bab jedid, an old area of the city of Tunis. Espérance headquarters is located 1 km from that of Club Africain, in bab souika, a very popular area. After the independence of Tunisia from France Club Africain became more popular among Tunisians. Espérance became the club of working class and used to be managed by politicians. Nowadays, both clubs have a similar amount of supporters and are considered the two largest clubs in Tunisia.

</doc>
<doc id="19999420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999420" title="Container (type theory)">
Container (type theory)

In type theory, containers are abstractions which permit various "collection types", such as lists and trees, to be represented in a uniform way. A (unary) container is defined by a type of "shapes" S and a type family of "positions" P, indexed by S. The "extension" of a container is a family of dependent pairs consisting of a shape (of type S) and a function from positions of that shape to the element type. Containers can be seen as canonical forms for collection types.
For lists, the shape type is the natural numbers (including zero). The corresponding position types are the types of natural numbers less than the shape, for each shape.
For trees, the shape type is the type of trees of units (that is, trees with no information in them, just structure). The corresponding position types are isomorphic to the types of valid paths from the root to particular nodes on the shape, for each shape.
Note that the natural numbers are isomorphic to lists of units. In general the shape type will always be isomorphic to the original non-generic container type family (list, tree etc.) applied to unit.
One of the main motivations for introducing the notion of containers is to support generic programming in a dependently-typed setting.
Categorical aspects.
The extension of a container is an endofunctor. It takes a function codice_1 to
formula_1
This is equivalent to the familiar codice_2 in the case of lists, and does something similar for other containers.
Indexed containers.
Indexed containers (also known as dependent polynomial functors) are a generalisation of containers, which can represent a wider class of types, such as vectors (sized lists).
The element type (called the "input type") is indexed by shape and position, so it can vary by shape and position, and the extension (called the "output type") is also indexed by shape.

</doc>
<doc id="19999459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999459" title="1920–21 FA Cup">
1920–21 FA Cup

The 1920–21 FA Cup was the 46th season of the world's oldest association football competition, the Football Association Challenge Cup (more usually known as the FA Cup). Tottenham Hotspur won the competition, beating Wolverhampton Wanderers 1–0 in the final at Stamford Bridge, London.
Matches were scheduled to be played at the stadium of the team named first on the date specified for each round, which was always a Saturday. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played, a replay would take place at the stadium of the second-named team later the same week. If the replayed match was drawn further replays would be held at neutral venues until a winner was determined. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played in a replay, a 30-minute period of extra time would be played.
Calendar.
The format of the FA Cup for the season had two preliminary rounds, six qualifying rounds, four proper rounds, and the semi finals and final.
First round proper.
52 of the 66 clubs from the First, Second and Third divisions joined the 12 clubs who came through the qualifying rounds.
Of those sides not receiving a bye to the first round proper, Second Division side Leeds United were entered at the First Qualifying Round stage, as their promotion to the second tier was agreed by election, rather than through promotion. However, the match was not played, and Harrogate were given a walkover. Three sides from the Third Division (Merthyr Town, Newport County and Gillingham) were entered at the fourth qualifying round. Five Third Division and four Second Division sides were entered at the sixth qualifying round stage. These were:
Of these, all of the Third Division sides and Clapton Orient proceeded to the First Round Proper, in addition to six non-league sides. 32 matches were scheduled to be played on Saturday, 8 January 1921. Six matches were drawn and went to replays in the following midweek fixture, of which one went to another replay.
Second Round Proper.
The 16 Second Round matches were played on Saturday, 29 January 1921. Five matches were drawn, with replays taking place in the following midweek fixture.
Third round proper.
The eight Third Round matches were scheduled for Saturday, 19 February 1921. One match was drawn and went to a replay in the following midweek fixture. This was also drawn, and so a second replay was played the following week.
Fourth round proper.
The four Fourth Round matches were scheduled for Saturday, 5 March 1921. There was one replay, between Hull City and Preston North End, played in the following midweek fixture.
Semi-Finals.
The semi-final matches were played on Saturday, 19 March 1921. The Wolverhampton Wanderers–Cardiff City match was drawn and went to a replay four days later. Wolves won this, and went on to meet Tottenham Hotspur in the final.
Final.
The Final was contested by Tottenham Hotspur and Wolverhampton Wanderers at Stamford Bridge. Spurs won by a single goal, scored by Jimmy Dimmock, eight minutes into the second half. The cup was presented to the winning team by King George V.

</doc>
<doc id="19999477" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999477" title="1921–22 FA Cup">
1921–22 FA Cup

The 1921–22 FA Cup was the 47th season of the world's oldest association football competition, the Football Association Challenge Cup (more usually known as the FA Cup). Huddersfield Town won the competition, beating Preston North End 1–0 in the final at Stamford Bridge, London.
Matches were scheduled to be played at the stadium of the team named first on the date specified for each round, which was always a Saturday. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played, a replay would take place at the stadium of the second-named team later the same week. If the replayed match was drawn further replays would be held at neutral venues until a winner was determined. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played in a replay, a 30-minute period of extra time would be played.
Calendar.
The format of the FA Cup for the season had two preliminary rounds, six qualifying rounds, four proper rounds, and the semi finals and final.
First round proper.
12 qualifiers and 41 (out of 44) Division 1 & 2 clubs joined this round. Coventry City and Rotherham County of Division 2 were entered in the fifth qualifying round. First Division side Birmingham had their entry rejected after they failed to submit the relevant paperwork.
Of the Division 3S sides, Aberdare Athletic and Charlton Athletic were entered in the extra preliminary round (though the latter did not play), while nine sides entered the fifth qualifying round (Brentford. Bristol Rovers, Exeter City, Gllingham, Merthyr Town, Newport County, Northampton Town, Norwich City and Swansea Town). The eleven others were given byes to the first round proper. These were:
Of the Division 3N sides, Halifax Town and Wigan Borough took no part in the competition. Nine sides were entered in the fourth qualifying round (Darlington, Durham City, Grimsby Town, Hartlepools United, Lincoln City, Rochdale, Southport, Stockport County and Wrexham) and the rest in the fifth qualifying round.
32 matches were scheduled to be played on Saturday, 7 January 1922. Eleven matches were drawn and went to replays in the following midweek fixture, of which one went to another replay.
Second Round Proper.
The 16 Second Round matches were played on Saturday, 28 January 1922. Five matches were drawn, with replays taking place in the following midweek fixture. One of these, the Bradford City–Notts County match, went to a second replay.
Third round proper.
The eight Third Round matches were scheduled for Saturday, 18 February 1922. Four matches were drawn and went to replays in the following midweek fixture.
Fourth round proper.
The four Fourth Round matches were scheduled for Saturday, 4 March 1922. There were three replays, each played in the following midweek fixture.
Semi-Finals.
The semi-final matches were played on Saturday, 25 March 1922. The matches ended in victories for Preston North End and Huddersfield Town, who went on to meet in the final at Wembley.
Final.
The Final was contested by Huddersfield Town and Preston North End at Stamford Bridge. Huddersfield won by a single goal, a penalty scored by Billy Smith.

</doc>
<doc id="19999481" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999481" title="William de Beauchamp">
William de Beauchamp

William de Beauchamp may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19999490" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999490" title="1923–24 FA Cup">
1923–24 FA Cup

The 1923–24 FA Cup was the 49th season of the world's oldest football cup competition, the Football Association Challenge Cup, commonly known as the FA Cup. Newcastle United won the competition for the second time, beating Aston Villa 2–0 in the final at Wembley.
Matches were scheduled to be played at the stadium of the team named first on the date specified for each round, which was always a Saturday. Some matches, however, might be rescheduled for other days if there were clashes with games for other competitions or the weather was inclement. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played, a replay would take place at the stadium of the second-named team later the same week. If the replayed match was drawn further replays would be held until a winner was determined. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played in a replay, a 30-minute period of extra time would be played.
Calendar.
The format of the FA Cup for the season had two preliminary rounds, six qualifying rounds, four proper rounds, and the semi finals and final.
First round proper.
40 of the 44 clubs from the Football League First Division and Football League Second Division joined the 12 lower-league clubs who came through the qualifying rounds. Four Second Division sides, Port Vale, Stockport County, Nelson and Coventry City, were entered at the fifth qualifying round, with the Third Division North and South teams. Amateur side Corinthian were given a free entry to the first round. To make the number of teams up to 64, nine Third Division South sides and only two Third Division North sides were given byes to this round. These were:
32 matches were scheduled to be played on Saturday, 12 January 1924. Seven matches were drawn and went to replays in the following midweek fixture, of which two went to another replay.
Second Round Proper.
The 16 Second Round matches were played on Saturday, 2 February 1924. Eight matches were drawn, with replays taking place in the following midweek fixture. Three of these then went to a second replay played the following week, and two of these went to a third replay.
Third round proper.
The eight Third Round matches were scheduled for Saturday, 23 February 1924. Two matches were drawn and went to replays in the following midweek fixture.
Fourth round proper.
The four Fourth Round matches were scheduled for Saturday, 8 March 1924. There were two replays, played in the following midweek fixture.
Semi-Finals.
The semi-final matches were played on Saturday, 29 March 1924. The matches ended in victories for Newcastle United and Aston Villa, who went on to meet in the final at Wembley.
Final.
The 1924 FA Cup Final was contested by Newcastle United and Aston Villa at Wembley. Newcastle won 2–0, the goals scored by Neil Harris and Stan Seymour.

</doc>
<doc id="19999494" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999494" title="Jimmy Velvit">
Jimmy Velvit

Jimmy Velvit is an American rock and roll singer, who began his career in the 1960s. His real name is James Mullins, originally from Coalgate, Oklahoma, later from Dallas, Texas. He is best known for recording a white rhythm and blues version, in 1962, of Robert & Johnny's 1958 hit "We Belong Together". Velvit's first release was "Sometimes At Night" on Division Records in 1961, afterwards released on Cub Records (a division of M-G-M). He also recorded under the name 'James Bell', in 1968, when he charted "He Ain't Country", a Country & Western release, for Bell Records. 
In 2001, his album "Sun Sea and Sand" (Seduction SCD-103) was nominated for a Grammy Award. Velvit was still recording and performing .
Reviews.
An authentic American early rock & roll hero, Jimmy Velvit is re-discovered in this 22-song digitally restored 1960's collection. "Rockin' With Velvit" contains all 11 of his national and regional rock hits plus 11 recently discovered unreleased gems. From hot rock & roll, to malt-shop pop, to dreamy teen ballads, Velvit proves why he's one of the era's most venerable entertainers. Recording session notes, vintage photos and radio charts mark the highlights of this early rock & roll pioneer. - Texola Music
Media.
"Jimmy Velvit was born in Coalgate, Oklahoma on January 11, 1941. After living there a short time he moved to Dallas with his parents. It was Jimmy's father who introduced him to the guitar and singing. Jimmy decided to give up singing to serve a short hitch in the Air Force. After completing his military service he cut a record "Sometimes At Night" (1961) which really gave him his start in the entertainment field. He then went on to record a song titled "We Belong Together" which made musical history from coast to coast. Its release has since caused even more demand for his personal appearances throughout the country." - Excerpt from a February 14, 1964 concert tour program starring Jimmy Velvit, Bill Black Combo, Gene Summers, Arthur K. Adams and The Imperials

</doc>
<doc id="19999500" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999500" title="1924–25 FA Cup">
1924–25 FA Cup

The 1924–25 FA Cup was the 50th season of the world's oldest football cup competition, the Football Association Challenge Cup, commonly known as the FA Cup. Sheffield United won the competition for the fourth and (as of 2008) final time, beating Cardiff City 1–0 in the final at Wembley.
Matches were scheduled to be played at the stadium of the team named first on the date specified for each round, which was always a Saturday. Some matches, however, might be rescheduled for other days if there were clashes with games for other competitions or the weather was inclement. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played, a replay would take place at the stadium of the second-named team later the same week. If the replayed match was drawn further replays would be held until a winner was determined. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played in a replay, a 30-minute period of extra time would be played.
Calendar.
The format of the FA Cup for the season had two preliminary rounds, six qualifying rounds, four proper rounds, and the semi finals and final. This was the last season with the Cup in this format, as from the next season onwards, the fifth and sixth qualifying rounds would be renamed to the First and Second Rounds Proper.
First round proper.
42 of the 44 clubs from the Football League First Division and Football League Second Division joined the 12 lower-league clubs who came through the qualifying rounds. Two Second Division sides, Port Vale and Coventry City, were entered at the fifth qualifying round, with the Third Division North and South teams, this was the last time Division 1 teams started at this stage of the competition. Amateur side Corinthian were given a free entry to the first round. To make the number of teams up to 64, nine Third Division South sides (none were selected from the Third Division North) were given byes to this round. These were:
32 matches were scheduled to be played on Saturday, 10 January 1925. Six matches were drawn and went to replays in the following midweek fixture, of which two went to another replay.
Second Round Proper.
The 16 Second Round matches were played on Saturday, 31 January 1925. Five matches were drawn, with replays taking place in the following midweek fixture. One of these then went to a second replay played the following week.
Third round proper.
The eight Third Round matches were scheduled for Saturday, 21 February 1925. Four matches were drawn and went to replays in the following midweek fixture.
Fourth round proper.
The four Fourth Round matches were scheduled for Saturday, 7 March 1925. There were no replays.
Semi-Finals.
The semi-final matches were played on Saturday, 28 March 1925. The matches ended in victories for Sheffield United and Cardiff City, who went on to meet in the final at Wembley.
Final.
The 1925 FA Cup Final was contested by Sheffield United and Cardiff City at Wembley. Sheffield United won by a single goal, scored by Fred Tunstall.
This was the first time a team outside England had played in an F.A. Cup Final since Queens Park of Glasgow in 1885.

</doc>
<doc id="19999504" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999504" title="Helen Jones-Kelley">
Helen Jones-Kelley

Helen Jones-Kelley is the former Director of the Ohio Department of Job and Family Services (ODJFS), Ohio's largest agency, from 2007 to 2008. During her tenure she received substantial media attention for various ODJFS related activities, and for her role in the Controversial Ohio database searches of Joe Wurzelbacher.
Background.
A licensed attorney, Jones-Kelley received her Bachelor's degree in Secondary English Education from Miami University in Oxford, Ohio and her law degree from the University of Dayton School of Law. Prior to law school, Jones-Kelley studied at the Scripps Gerontology Center at Miami University. She then worked for a bank before working for the Cincinnati Recreation Department for nine years. Jones-Kelley was appointed the co-chair of Ohio's Advisory Council on Children, Youth and Families in 2003. Before Jones-Kelley began her work with Children Services, she served as an Assistant Legal Director for Montgomery County Juvenile Court. In this position, she started the program Court Appointed Special Advocate, or "CASA."
Family life.
Helen Jones-Kelley lives in Clayton, Ohio with her husband, Tom Kelley, and four daughters. She also has a stepson. Tom Kelley is the assistant director of the Family and Children First Council.
Professional life.
Helen Jones-Kelley has frequently presented workshops on children and the law, including for the American Bar Association, National Court Appointed Special Advocate Association, and others. Helen-Jones was selected as one of the “Ten Top Women” in Dayton, Ohio in 1996 and one of the Ten Top African-American Women in 2002, and other awards.
Director of the Ohio Department of Job and Family Services.
Jones-Kelley, a Democrat, was selected to run the Ohio Department of Job and Family Services, by Governor-elect Ted Strickland, at the end of 2006. ODJFS oversees programs helping unborn babies and their mothers with health care issues while also helping unemployed workers and senior citizens find food and shelter. As director of ODJFS, Jones-Kelley has stated that one of her top priorities is, "to increase input from county departments and better coordinate efforts."
Jones-Kelley, as Director of the ODJFS, has commented numerous times on the jobless rate for Ohio during 2008. In March 2008, Jones-Kelley commented, "News that the unemployment rate declined slightly must be tempered by the fact that total employment decreased in both goods-producing and service-providing industries." Also, Jones-Kelley commented in May that payroll had fallen and that the economy had remained "sluggish."
ODJFS database search.
While in office, Jones-Kelly became embroiled in a controversy over searches of the government records of Joe Wurzelbacher ("Joe the Plumber") in the last few weeks of the 2008 US Presidential election campaign. State and local officials conducted an investigation into whether Jones-Kelley's order to access Ohio government databases was illegal; they concluded on November 20, 2008, that the searches breached protocol but found there was no evidence to prove they were part of a political agenda or linked with a political group or campaign. The Attorney General's office of Ohio conducted the investigation. Thomas Charles, the Inspector General of Ohio, also headed an investigation.
At the start of the investigation, Ohio State Rep. William Batchelder, R-Medina, called for Jones-Kelley to explain her agency's actions in reviewing individuals who have been the subject of news stories. In a written response to a letter from Ohio Senate President Bill Harris, Jones-Kelly defended her decision to approve of the search on Wurzelbacher after the third presidential debate:
Given our understanding that Mr. Wurzelbacher had publicly indicated that he had the means to purchase a substantial business enterprise, ODJFS, consistent with past departmental practice, checked confidential databases to make sure that if Mr. Wurzelbacher did owe child support, or unemployment compensation taxes, or was receiving public assistance, appropriate action was being taken. The result of those checks have never been publicly shared.
According to "The Columbus Dispatch" on November 14, 2008, "In response to a public-records request, the state agency said yesterday that it had no records involving previous checks of the type that Director Helen Jones-Kelley authorized on 'Joe the Plumber.'" Tom Hayes and Barbara Riley, both previous directors of ODJFS, have responded to Jones-Kelley's searches and stated that they did not conduct searches due to an individuals status being raised to "celebrity".
Inspector General report.
On November 20, 2008, Inspector General Charles reported that the reasons that Helen Jones-Kelley provided for the checks on Wurzelbacher "were not credible and they included contradictions, ambiguity, and inconsistencies". Charles found that Jones-Kelley "improperly authorized searches of state databases for information on Samuel Joseph — 'Joe the Plumber' — Wurzelbacher." Charles has provided the report to the prosecutor's office of Franklin County, Ohio for their review and consideration. After reviewing the report, Strickland suspended Jones-Kelley for a month without pay, but rejected requests for her to be terminated.
In response to the improper records search, Republican Ohio state representative Shannon Jones sponsored House Bill 648 which would mandate "the firing of any unclassified state employee who improperly accesses confidential personal information". On December 10, 2008, the bill passed the Ohio House of Representatives by a vote of 69 to 26. On December 17, 2008, the bill passed the Ohio Senate by a vote of 30 to 2. On January 6, 2009, Governor Ted Strickland signed House Bill 648, creating civil and criminal penalties for violations of rules concerning access to personal information on state databases.
Use of ODJFS e-mail.
On November 7, 2008, Strickland placed Jones-Kelley on paid leave "for possibly using a state computer and e-mail account for political fundraising". Strickland stated that this action was taken "due to the possibility, as yet unconfirmed, that a state computer or state e-mail account was used to assist in political fund raising". According to WYTV, Strickland has released e-mails showing that Jones-Kelley "used her state-issued e-mail account to send names of potential contributors to the Obama campaign". The November 20 Inspector General report found this use of state e-mail resources "to engage in political activity" improper.
Resignation.
On December 17, 2008, Jones-Kelley resigned from her position as director of ODJFS. Along with her resignation, Jones-Kelley issued a statement. "This decision comes after a time of pause, in which I realize that I continue to be used as a political postscript, providing a distraction from urgent state priorities." Two members of Jones-Kelley's staff, who had both been suspended after being implicated in the ODJFS computer records search, also left their positions due to resignation and removal. Governor Strickland's spokesperson stated that the governor "values Helen Jones-Kelley's years of public service as a dedicated advocate for the most vulnerable among us". Upon Jones-Kelley's resignation, Douglas E. Lumpkin was chosen by Governor Ted Strickland to replace her as director of ODJFS.
Judicial Watch lawsuit.
On March 5, 2009, in a U.S. District Court in Columbus, Judicial Watch filed a lawsuit charging that Jones-Kelley (along with employees Fred Williams and Doug Thompson) improperly searched "confidential state databases" in an attempt to retaliate against Joe Wurzelbacher's criticism of then-presidential candidate Barack Obama. The lawsuit states that the actions of these individuals "are sufficient to chill or silence a person of ordinary firmness from future First Amendment activities". Judicial Watch filed the federal civil rights lawsuit on behalf of Wurzelbacher, alleging that "officials of the State of Ohio violated Mr. Wurzelbacher's constitutional rights by illegally accessing confidential information from its official databases". The Associated Press reports that Jones-Kelley must respond to the lawsuit within 20 days. Jones-Kelley's attorney, H. Ritchey Hollenbaugh, has declined to comment on the lawsuit and has stated that he is "studying it." On May 7, 2009, the Associated Press reported that Jones-Kelly, "denies that she authorized state searches about the man known as 'Joe the Plumber' after he questioned Barack Obama on the 2008 campaign trail". In addition, she "acknowledged donating $2,500 to the Obama campaign but denied providing additional help".
On November 15, 2009, the Associated Press reported that Jones-Kelley, along with two other "former state employees", were sued by Wurzelbacher for "illegally accessed his personal information leading up to last fall's presidential election".
On August 4, 2010, the U.S District Court in Columbus dismissed the lawsuit on the grounds that the privacy violation did not amount to a constitutional violation to the right to privacy.

</doc>
<doc id="19999505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999505" title="Papyrus 53">
Papyrus 53

Papyrus 53 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), signed by formula_153, is an early copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Matthew, and Acts, it contains only Matt. 26:29-40; Acts 9:33-10:1. 
The manuscript palaeographically had been assigned to the 3rd century. These two fragments were found together, they were part of a codex containing the four Gospels and Acts or Matthew and Acts. 
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type (proto-Alexandrian). Aland ascribed it as "at least Normal text", and placed it in Category I. 
It is currently housed at the University of Michigan (Inv. 6652) in Ann Arbor.

</doc>
<doc id="19999512" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999512" title="1904–05 FA Cup">
1904–05 FA Cup

The FA Cup 1904–05 was the 34th staging of the world's oldest association football competition, the Football Association Challenge Cup (more usually known as the FA Cup). Aston Villa won the competition for the fourth time, beating Newcastle United 2–0 in the final at Crystal Palace, through two goals scored by Harry Hampton.
Matches were scheduled to be played at the stadium of the team named first on the date specified for each round, which was always a Saturday. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played, a replay would take place at the stadium of the second-named team later the same week. If the replayed match was drawn further replays would be held at neutral venues until a winner was determined. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played in a replay, a 30-minute period of extra time would be played.
Calendar.
The format of the FA Cup for the season had two preliminary rounds, six qualifying rounds, an intermediate round, three proper rounds, and the semi finals and final. 
Intermediate Round.
The Intermediate Round featured ten games, played between the ten winners of the Sixth Qualifying Round, and ten teams given byes. Manchester United, Bristol City, West Bromwich Albion, Burnley and Grimsby Town from the Second Division were entered automatically into this round, as were non-league Reading, Portsmouth, Bristol Rovers, Plymouth Argyle and Millwall.
The other Second Division sides had to gain entry to this round through the earlier qualifying rounds. Glossop, Blackpool, Burton United, Gainsborough Trinity, Leicester Fosse and Doncaster Rovers were entered at the Third Qualifying Round stage, with only Blackpool, Leicester and Gainsborough reaching the intermediate round from these. Chesterfield, Barnsley, Bradford City, Lincoln City and Burslem Port Vale were all entered at the Sixth Qualifying Round stage, with only the latter losing in that round.
First round proper.
The First Round Proper contained sixteen ties between 32 teams. The 18 First Division sides were given a bye to this round, as were Liverpool and Bolton Wanderers from the Second Division, and non-league Southampton and Tottenham Hotspur. They joined the ten teams who won in the intermediate round.
The matches were played on Saturday, 4 February 1905. Seven matches were drawn, with the replays taking place in the following midweek fixture. Two of these went to a second replay the following week.
Second round proper.
The eight second-round matches were scheduled for Saturday, 18 February 1905. There were two replays, played in the following midweek fixture.
Third round proper.
The four quarter final matches were scheduled for Saturday, 4 March 1905. The Preston North End – The Wednesday game was drawn, and replayed on 9 March.
Semi finals.
The semi-final matches were played on Saturday, 25 March 1905. Aston Villa's match with Everton was drawn and thus replayed four days later. Aston Villa won and went on to meet Newcastle United in the final.
Final.
The Final was contested by Aston Villa and Newcastle United at Crystal Palace. Aston Villa won 2–0, with Harry Hampton scoring both goals.
Match details.
The game did not kick off at 3pm, BST, because BST did not exist until 1916, and was not even proposed at the time of this game. http://www.blog.woolwicharsenal.co.uk/2010/12/06/arsenal-in-the-fa-cup-19045/

</doc>
<doc id="19999524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999524" title="1908–09 FA Cup">
1908–09 FA Cup

The 1908–09 FA Cup was the 38th staging of the world's oldest association football competition, the Football Association Challenge Cup (more usually known as the FA Cup). Manchester United won the competition for the first time, beating Bristol City 1–0 in the final at Crystal Palace, through a goal from Sandy Turnbull.
Matches were scheduled to be played at the stadium of the team named first on the date specified for each round, which was always a Saturday. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played, a replay would take place at the stadium of the second-named team later the same week. If the replayed match was drawn further replays would be held at neutral venues until a winner was determined. If scores were level after 90 minutes had been played in a replay, a 30-minute period of extra time would be played.
Calendar.
The format of the FA Cup for the season had two preliminary rounds, five qualifying rounds, four proper rounds, and the semi finals and final.
First round proper.
37 of the 40 clubs from the First and Second divisions joined the 12 clubs who came through the qualifying rounds. Of the League sides, Bradford Park Avenue were entered at the Fourth Qualifying Round, while Gainsborough Trinity and Chesterfield were put into the Fifth Qualifying Round. Bradford went out in that round, losing to Croydon Common. Ten non-league clubs joined the other two sides in winning through to the First Round Proper.
Fifteen non-league sides were given byes to the First Round to bring the total number of teams up to 64. These were:
32 matches were scheduled to be played on Saturday, 16 January 1909, except for one game which was played three days later. Ten matches were drawn and went to replays in the following midweek fixture, of which one went to a second replay.
Second round proper.
The sixteen second round matches were played on Saturday, 6 February 1909. Six matches were drawn, with the replays taking place in the following midweek fixture.
Third round proper.
The eight third-round matches were scheduled for Saturday, 20 February 1909. There were two replays, played in the following midweek fixture.
Fourth round proper.
The four quarter final matches were scheduled for Saturday, 6 March 1909, although only two games were played on this date. The Burnley–Manchester United and Derby County–Nottingham Forest ties were played instead four and seven days later, respectively. The other two games were drawn, and replayed on 10 March.
Semi finals.
The semi-final matches were played on Saturday, 27 March 1909. Bristol City and Derby County drew their match, and went on to replay it four days later. Bristol City won this tie, and so went on to meet the other semi-final winner, Manchester United, in the final.
Final.
The Final was played on 24 April 1909 at Crystal Palace, and was contested by Manchester United and Bristol City, both of the First Division. Manchester United won by a single goal, scored by Sandy Turnbull midway through the first half. This was the first of United's record eleven FA Cup titles to date.

</doc>
<doc id="19999538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19999538" title="River Clodiagh">
River Clodiagh

The River Clodiagh is a small river which rises in Lough Coumduala in the Comeragh Mountains in north County Waterford. ("It should not be confused with the River Clodiagh in County Kilkenny.") It flows through the villages of Rathgormack, Clonea-Power and Portlaw before joining the River Suir just outside Portlaw. The river is fed by a number of smaller tributaries including Hunts stream and Aughtnawilliam stream.
Kayak tragedy.
Two canoeists, one a sit-on kayak, drowned after being stuck in a weir at Portlaw, in April 2010.

</doc>
