<doc id="20083341" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083341" title="Kolanticon">
Kolanticon

Kolanticon is the brand name of a multi-ingredient drug preparation marketed in the United Kingdom by Peckforton Pharmaceuticals. It is indicated for the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome (IBS), functional dyspepsia (indigestion) and the symptoms of peptic ulcer. It is also indicated for symptomatic relief in oesophagitis, hiatus hernia, gastritis and iatrogenic gastritis.
Kolanticon is a liquid suspension that is sold in 200ml and 500ml bottles. It is available as a pharmacy only medication.
Kolanticon contains four active ingredients, which are:
Dicycloverine – an antispasmodic, which relieves painful stomach cramps and spasms. It relaxes the muscle in the walls of the stomach and intestines by blocking muscarinic receptors that are found in the muscle. By blocking these receptors it prevents the chemical acetylcholine from activating them and causing contraction. This reduces muscle contractions and allows the stomach and intestines to relax, reducing painful cramps and spasms.
Simethicone – an antiflatulent, which reduces the amount of trapped wind in the gut. It brings together all the small bubbles of gas that are trapped in the gut to form a large bubble, which can then be expelled more easily. This helps to relieve pain and bloating caused by trapped wind.
Aluminium hydroxide and Magnesium oxide – antacids that reduce the acidity of the stomach’s juices. Too much stomach acid can cause symptoms of heartburn and indigestion, as well as irritating an inflamed stomach lining or a peptic ulcer. By binding to and neutralising excess acid, antacids help to relieve the symptoms of dyspepsia that are often experienced by patients with IBS 

</doc>
<doc id="20083347" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083347" title="European College of Sport Science">
European College of Sport Science

The European College of Sport Science (ECSS) is a sport scientific society founded in 1995 in Nice, France, dedicated to the collection, generation and dissemination of scientific knowledge. The spirit of this non-profit organisation is to "Share your knowledge".
Objective & Purpose.
The ECSS is the leading association of sport scientists at the European level and practices extensive co operations with corresponding non-European associations.
The purpose of the College is the promotion of science and research, with special attention to sport science across Europe and beyond. 
Its topics include the motivation, attitudes, values and responses, adaptation, performance and health aspects of people engaged in physical activity and the relation of physical activity and lifestyle to health, prevention and aging. These topics are dealt with on an interdisciplinary basis.
Function.
The ECSS is a non-profit organization. It supports European institutions, such as the European Union (EU) and the Council of Europe, by offering scientific advice and assistance for coordinated European and worldwide research projects defined by these bodies. 
Additionally it serves as the most important European network of sport scientists from all relevant sub disciplines.
Membership.
The ECSS offers individual membership to sport and related scientists. The objective is to create a scientific European and worldwide network for scientific exchange and interaction. This is strengthened by the annual Congresses and other membership benefits such as the European Journal of Sport Science (EJSS), the ECSS News Bulletin, Email Newsletters, etc.
The qualification for the ECSS membership students is a university level degree (master’s or doctor’s degree, university examination) in the field of sport science, or an equivalent university degree in other related areas.
Members comprise scientists from all areas of sport science such as Physiology, Sports Medicine, Psychology, Molecular Biology, Sociology, Biochemistry, Motor Control, Biomechanics, Training Science and many more. 
The ECSS experiences a constant growth membership.
Annual Congresses.
The main scientific event of the ECSS is the annual congress. Annual congresses have been organized since the inauguration of the ECSS in 1995. Today the ECSS congresses rank among the leading sport scientific congresses worldwide. The congress comprises a range of invited lecturers, multi- and mono-disciplinary symposia as well as tutorial lecturers and Socratic debates. The ECSS congress is attended by international sport scientists with an academic career. The ECSS congresses now welcome up to 3000 participants from all over the world.
ECSS Office.
The ECSS Office is located at the German Sport University Cologne, which has developed over the years to one of the most distinguished teaching and research centers worldwide for sport.
Former Presidents.
Based on a rotation principle, the European College of Sport Science had the following presidents:

</doc>
<doc id="20083349" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083349" title="Sammy Brooks (footballer)">
Sammy Brooks (footballer)

Samuel Ernest "Sammy" Brooks (28 March 1890 – 13 January 1960) was an English footballer who spent the majority of his career with Wolverhampton Wanderers. He played for the club in the 1921 FA Cup Final. After 13 years with Wolves, he joined Tottenham Hotspur in 1922, and later played for Southend United, Cradley Heath, and Kidderminster Harriers, before retiring in 1927.
Career.
Brooks was born in Brierley Hill, and played local non-league football before he joined Wolverhampton Wanderers in July 1909. He eventually made his debut on 11 April 1911, in a goalless draw with Bradford Park Avenue. He made only sporadic appearances in his first few seasons before establishing himself in the 1912–13 season, as Wanderers posted a tenth place finish in the Second Division. He finished the 1913–14 season as the club's top goalscorer with 11 goals. His best season came in 1914–15 when he missed just one game and scored 18 times, his best seasonal tally; the club pushed for promotion, but ended the campaign in fourth place.
During the war he guested for Birmingham, Port Vale and Coventry City. He won a cap from his country in a Victory International in October 1919 and also represented the Football League against the Irish League. He returned to Molineux after the war, as the club struggled at the foot of the Second Division table in 1919–20 and 1920–21. Despite their poor league form, the club put together a series of results in the FA Cup and went on to reach the final. Brooks won a runners-up medal in the 1921 FA Cup Final after a 1–0 defeat to Tottenham Hotspur at Stamford Bridge. Their cup run proved to be a flash-in-the-pan, as they exited the cup in the First Round and continued to struggle in the league in 1921–22.
Brooks signed with Tottenham Hotspur in 1922, having scored 53 goals in 246 league and cup appearances in total for Wolves. However he struggled at White Hart Lane, and scored one goal in only ten First Division appearances in the 1922–23 and 1923–24 seasons. He spent the 1924–25 campaign at Southend United, and scored two goals in 12 Third Division South appearances. He soon dropped into non-league with clubs such as Cradley Heath and Kidderminster Harriers, before retiring in 1927.

</doc>
<doc id="20083366" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083366" title="Bromley-Davenport">
Bromley-Davenport

The Davenport family is first recorded in pipe rolls dating before 1254. Roger de Davenport, Lord of Davenport held the hereditary office of Master Serjeant of the Peace for Macclesfield, Cheshire, England in the 1250s. Their residence was at Woodford and then at Capesthorne Hall, Macclesfield, which they still own. The Rev. Walter Davenport, sometime of Baginton, Vicar of Ellaston, Staffs, and of Capesthorne, assumed the additional surname of Bromley after that of Davenport by Royal Licence, 10 Sept 1822.
Bromley-Davenport is the name of

</doc>
<doc id="20083367" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083367" title="Tootsie Roll">
Tootsie Roll

Tootsie is a chocolate candy that has been manufactured in the United States since 1896. The manufacturer, Tootsie Roll Industries, is based in Chicago, Illinois.
It was the first penny candy to be individually wrapped.
History.
In 1896 its founder Leo Hirshfeld, an Austrian immigrant to the United States of America, started his candy business in a small shop located in New York City. He wanted a chewy candy that would not melt easily in the heat, and would be an economical artificial alternative to traditional chocolates. He named the candy after the nickname of his daughter, Clara "Tootsie" Hirschfeld. By 1905, production moved to a five-story factory. In 1917, the name of the company was changed to The Sweets Company of America, and the business became a listed company in 1922. In 1931, the Tootsie Pop—a lollipop with Tootsie Roll filling—was invented. Its low price made it popular in the Depression era. During World War II, Tootsie Rolls became a standard part of American soldiers' field rations, due to the hardiness of the candy under a variety of environmental conditions.
In 1935, the company was in serious difficulty. Concerned about the possible loss of an important customer, its principal supplier of paper boxes, Joseph Rubin & Sons of Brooklyn, became interested in the possibility of acquiring control. The company was listed on the New York Stock Exchange, but Bernard D. Rubin acquired a list of shareholders and approached them in person in order to purchase their shares. The Rubins eventually achieved control and agreed that Bernard would run the company as president. Bernard D. Rubin was able to steadily increase sales and restore profits, changing the formula of the Tootsie Roll and increasing its size, moving from Manhattan to a much larger plant in Hoboken, New Jersey, and guiding the company successfully through the difficult war years during which vital raw materials were in short supply. When he died in 1948, he had increased the sales volume twelvefold. After his death his brother William B. Rubin served as president until 1962. In 1966, the company adopted its current name of Tootsie Roll Industries, Inc.
The company has acquired several famous brands of confections such as The Candy Corporation of America's Mason Division (1972), Cellas' Confections (1985), The Charms Company (1988), The Warner–Lambert Company (1993, excluding gum and mints), Andes Candies (2000), and Concord Confections (2004).
Tootsie Roll Industries is one of the largest candy manufacturers in the world. More than 64 million Tootsie Rolls are made daily.
According to the company website, the original (and still current) recipe calls for the inclusion of the previous day's batch. "As such, there's (theoretically) a bit of Leo's very first Tootsie Roll in every one of the sixty four million Tootsie Rolls that Tootsie produces each day."
Korean War.
During the Battle of Chosin Reservoir in 1950, mortar sections under the United States Marine Corps started to run out of mortar rounds. The radio men of these sections started requesting more rounds. There were too many nearby enemy anti-air emplacements however, and the risk that they might lose any airlifted supplies was too great, so they had to wait. After two days of waiting, all the mortar sections ran out of rounds. At this point the risk was taken and supplies were dropped anyway. When the troops found the crates of mortar rounds, they found the crates were instead filled with Tootsie Roll. The cause of this error was that a supply specialist did not know that the codename for mortar rounds was "Tootsie Rolls", and instead ordered hundreds of crates of Tootsie Roll candies instead of mortar rounds.
Advertisements.
Captain Tootsie.
Captain Tootsie is an advertisement comic strip created for Tootsie Rolls in 1943 by C C Beck, Peter Costanza and Bill Schreider (1950 onwards). It featured the title character Captain Tootsie and his sidekick, a boy named Rollo, and two other young cohorts named Fatso and Fisty. It had stories in the form of full color one-page Sunday strips, black and white daily strips, and two issues of a comic book of the same title released by Toby Press. The advertisement comic was featured by many publishers and in the newspapers.
Within the context of the stories, Captain Tootsie was quite strong and quicker to the punch than any of his enemies. His stories were light and "kid-friendly".
Captain Tootsie's comic strip ads ended in the 1950s.
Jingle.
The Tootsie Roll jingle was recorded at Blank Tape Studios in 1976. It is still occasionally played today. It aired on television regularly for more than 20 years. The jingle was sung by a nine-year-old girl, Rebecca Jane, and a 13-year-old boy, the children of jazz musicians and friends of the song's composer. The girl still has the original reel-to-reel audio tape recording.
Ingredients.
The current U.S. ingredients of a chocolate Tootsie Roll are: sugar, corn syrup, partially hydrogenated soybean oil (a trans fat), condensed skim milk, cocoa, whey, soy lecithin, and natural and artificial flavors.
In 2009, Tootsie Rolls became certified kosher by the Orthodox Union.
Alternate flavors.
In addition to the traditional cocoa-flavored Tootsie Roll, several additional flavors have been introduced. Known as Tootsie Fruit Rolls, flavors include cherry, orange, vanilla, lemon, and lime. These varieties are wrapped in red, orange, blue, yellow and green wrappers, respectively. Tootsie Frooties come in numerous different fruit flavors including red strawberry, blue raspberry, grape, green apple, banana-berry, smooth cherry, fruit punch, pink lemonade, root beer, cran blueberry and watermelon.
In other countries.
Tootsie Rolls have been introduced to Canada, Mexico, Ireland, Aruba, United Kingdom, Portugal, Spain, France, Italy, Indonesia, Philippines, South Korea, Panama, Netherlands, Germany, Poland, Denmark, Norway, Singapore, Sweden, Finland, Austria, Australia, and New Zealand.

</doc>
<doc id="20083412" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083412" title="Le Havre (board game)">
Le Havre (board game)

Le Havre is a board game about the development of the town of Le Havre. It was inspired by the games "Caylus" and "Agricola" and was developed in December 2007.
The game was edited by Uwe Rosenberg and Hanno Girke and the former gets the main cover credit. The illustrator was Klemens Franz while the English translator was Melissa Rogerson. Numerous credits are given to others who assisted with playtesting and other tasks. The game was published by Lookout Games and distributed by Heidelberger Spieleverlag.
The game was released at Spiel 2008 in both German and Australian English, with both editions published by Lookout Games. It did not do as well as its predecessor "Agricola" in the Fairplay polls, with a rating of 2.51 (1 is best), but has a high rating of 8.1 at BoardGameGeek (a different rating system).
Gameplay.
The gameplay takes place in the harbour of Le Havre, where players take goods such as fish and wood from the wharves. These goods are used either to feed the players' community, to construct buildings and ships, or are processed into finished goods. For example, a smokehouse building may be constructed in which players may process fish into smoked fish, which is more valuable.
The game is played for a set number of rounds. The winner is the player with the greatest net wealth at the end.
Points are earned by making money, building buildings and ships (which each have their own values), and selling goods. At the end of each round, players must be able to give food to their workers. The amount of food depends on the amount of players; it starts out low and steadily increases to high values towards the end of the game. Players not planning ahead will soon find themselves with a shortage of food which will require taking loans from the Bank. Building ships can help with this food problem, as each ship will give the player a discount on their food each round (they count as trade routes which give the player more sources of food).

</doc>
<doc id="20083429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083429" title="David Chiu (politician)">
David Chiu (politician)

David Chiu (, born April 2, 1970) is the president of the San Francisco Board of Supervisors and supervisor for District 3, which encompassing the northeastern corner of the city, including Chinatown, North Beach, the Financial District, and Fisherman's Wharf. He is the first Asian American to serve as District 3 supervisor, the first Asian American to serve as board president, and the first supervisor elected to three consecutive terms as board president.
Early life and career.
The eldest child of Taiwanese American immigrant parents, Chiu was born in Cleveland, Ohio and grew up in Hingham, Massachusetts where he attended Boston College High School. Chiu graduated from Harvard University, where he received a bachelor's degree in government from Harvard College, a master’s degree in public policy from Harvard’s Kennedy School of Government, and a Juris Doctor degree from Harvard Law School.
In the mid-1990s, Chiu served as Democratic Counsel to the U.S. Senate Judiciary Committee’s Constitution Subcommittee and aide to Senator Paul Simon to the Senate Budget Committee. After moving to San Francisco in 1996, Chiu worked as judicial clerk, as a criminal prosecutor at the San Francisco District Attorney’s office, and as a civil rights attorney at the Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights. He later founded Grassroots Enterprise, an online communications technology company, and served as its chief operating officer. He also served on the San Francisco Small Business Commission until he was elected supervisor in 2008.
Political career.
San Francisco Board of Supervisors.
Chiu first ran for elected office in 2008, when he ran for a seat on the San Francisco Board of Supervisors representing District 3. He was backed by incumbent supervisor Aaron Peskin as well as Kamala Harris, Mark Leno, Leland Yee, and Tom Ammiano. 
On his first day in office on January 8, 2009, Chiu was elected to a two-year term as president of the Board of Supervisors, the first Chinese American to serve in this capacity. He was reelected president on January 8, 2011.
Chiu was reelected to his second and final term as supervisor in 2012, winning over 75% of the vote. He was later reelected by his fellow supervisors to an unprecedented third term as president of the board on January 8, 2013.
In addition to serving on the Board of Supervisors, Chiu also serves on the San Francisco Democratic County Central Committee.
2011 mayoral candidacy.
On January 10, 2011, Chiu served as acting Mayor of San Francisco for a day after Gavin Newsom was sworn in as Lieutenant Governor of California, prior to the selection and swearing-in of Ed Lee by the Board of Supervisors. 
On February 28, 2011, Chiu announced his mayoral candidacy at a morning rally at San Francisco City Hall. Over the course of the campaign, Chiu raised over $1.24 million from both private and public sources and spent roughly the same amount.
On Election Day, Chiu placed fourth behind incumbent Ed Lee with 17,921 first-place votes. Despite the fourth-place finish, Chiu, Lee, and third-place candidate Dennis Herrera appeared individually on more ballots overall than John Avalos, who came in second.
2014 California State Assembly candidacy.
On September 12, 2013, Chiu announced his candidacy for the California State Assembly to replace termed-out Democrat Tom Ammiano in the 17th district, which encompasses the eastern half of San Francisco. He is running against fellow Democrat and supervisor David Campos.
On January 22, 2014, the "San Francisco Chronicle" column "City Insider" reports that Chiu says he has raised $450,000 for the Assembly race, and has polls showing he is ahead of Campos.

</doc>
<doc id="20083437" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083437" title="Grégory Carraz">
Grégory Carraz

Grégory Carraz (born 9 April 1975 in Bourgoin-Jallieu, Isère) is a retired professional French tennis player. During his career, he reached one ATP Tour doubles final.

</doc>
<doc id="20083439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083439" title="Ruy Seabra">
Ruy Seabra

Ruy Seabra (born 1947) is a Portuguese lawyer and was briefly a football manager.
He had no football experience when he was announced as the choice of then President of the Portuguese Football Federation, Silva Resende, for manager of the Portuguese national football team, after the disappointing presence at the 1986 World Cup finals, mostly due to the Saltillo Affair.
Seabra was officially the team selector, while Juca would be the coach for the UEFA Euro 1988 qualifying. The absence of all the members of the national team present at the recent World Cup, made the mission of qualifying almost impossible. The unlikely partnership lasted 6 matches, with one win, 4 draws and 1 loss. After the 2–2 draw with Malta, Seabra resigned and Juca assumed full functions for the rest of the qualifyings.

</doc>
<doc id="20083441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083441" title="Agnar Johannes Barth">
Agnar Johannes Barth

Agnar Johannes Barth (1871–1948) was a Norwegian forester.
He was born in Lillehammer as the son of Jacob Bøckmann Barth. Described as his "country's leading authority on forestry for many years", he was a professor at the Norwegian College of Agriculture from 1921, and served as rector there from 1928 to 1933.
Barth was a reserve officer in the Norwegian Army, attaining the rank of Second Lieutenant in 1891.

</doc>
<doc id="20083460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083460" title="Pennsylvania Shakespeare Festival">
Pennsylvania Shakespeare Festival

The Pennsylvania Shakespeare Festival (PSF) is a professional theatre company in residence at DeSales University and the Official Shakespeare Festival of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. The Festival is organized as a non-profit 501(c)(3) in Pennsylvania. Each summer, PSF produces six or more plays (often including a musical) and special one-night-only performances. In the fall, PSF tours a Shakespeare play to schools as part of its Linny Fowler WillPower tour. The Festival celebrated its 20th anniversary season the summer of 2011. Since its inception, the Festival has been attended by 543,000 people. The acting company consists primarily of professional actors from New York and Philadelphia and who are members of Actors' Equity Association. The plays are performed in two theaters in The Labuda Center for the Performing Arts: the 473-seat Mainstage or the 189-seat Schubert Theatre on the DeSales University campus in Center Valley.
Pennsylvania Shakespeare Festival is listed as a Major Festival in the book "Shakespeare Festivals Around the World" by Marcus D. Gregio (Editor), 2004.
WillPower Tour.
The Festival's signature education program is the annual Linny Fowler WillPower Tour, which brings a professionally produced Shakespeare play to middle schools and high schools throughout Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Delaware. Initiated in 2000, the WillPower Tour is a professionally directed 80-minute production with sets and costumes featuring a company of professionally trained and experienced actor/teachers. The fall 2013 WillPower Tour features "Macbeth", touring schools in Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Delaware from October 9 - November 22, 2013. Half-day or full-day programming meets academic standards, with curriculum guides provided in advance. Post-performance discussion gives the students the opportunity to share their reactions and insights.
History.
The Pennsylvania Shakespeare Festival was founded in 1992 by Gerard J. Schubert, O.S.F.S., founder and chair of Performing and Fine Arts department at DeSales University.

</doc>
<doc id="20083465" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083465" title="Pfitzner (surname)">
Pfitzner (surname)

Pfitzner is a surname, and may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20083467" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083467" title="Pinball Quest">
Pinball Quest

Pinball Quest is the name of a Nintendo Entertainment System video game developed by TOSE and published by Jaleco in 1990. The game is based on the popular arcade game pinball. The role playing aspect of the game makes it unique from other sport/game based video games of the time.
Gameplay.
The game is short, with six linear stages of gameplay. The player controls a ball-shaped character in the castle scenes and controls flippers used to shoot the pinball in the other scenes, at which time the pinball has no control over itself. 
In many scenes the objective is to shoot the ball into an opening or kill an enemy by striking it with the ball. Accomplishing these objectives allows the player to advance to the next stage of the game. Upgrades that add abilities to the flippers and/or ball can be purchased during castle scenes with gold earned throughout the game. The final boss is a red demon that is fought in a room of demonic symbols. After beating the role-playing portion of the game, the player is forced to confront giant magnet - which is destroyed by the pinball.
This game also features three more traditional pinball tables. Golf, circus, and Americana are the themes to the tables. The music can be described as "haunting" but "barely describable."
Reception.
Allgame gave Pinball Quest a rating of 3.5 stars out of a possible 5.

</doc>
<doc id="20083472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083472" title="Fox Learning Systems">
Fox Learning Systems

Fox Learning Systems is an American e-learning and multimedia training company. 
Founding.
Debra Fox is a former news anchor for WTAE-TV, the Pittsburgh ABC affiliate. She founded Fox Learning Systems after witnessing the training problems plaguing the long term care industry. "If you do training well enough, people will learn," said Fox in an interview with Seton Hill University's E-Magnify journal. She has won numerous awards for her work with Fox Learning Systems. She also publishes a blog related to the elder care industry 
Studies.
Fox Learning Systems has conducted and participated in numerous studies related to psychiatric learning and elder care. The National Institute of Health as well as the National Institute of Mental Health has awarded grants to Fox Learning Systems to study a variety of aspects in the eldercare field. For example, in 2002 the National Institute of Health awarded $566,000 to Fox Learning Systems for two research grants.
Training.
Fox Learning Systems develops web based e-learning training. The company has a focus on elder care but has created learning content for other medical related fields. Fox Learning Systems bases its training through a hybrid of multimedia and video presentations. Their programs are broken down into chapters after which a multimedia test is given and tracked on a Learning Management System. The tracking is reported to staff and managers to see if employees maintain the education and skills to remain compliant.

</doc>
<doc id="20083483" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083483" title="Feltham Community College">
Feltham Community College

Feltham Community College (FCC) is a secondary school and sixth form with academy status, located in the West London Borough of Hounslow, England. Mrs. Victoria Eadie is the institution's current Head Teacher. She does a remarkable job with the incable children sent to her school. Although, from the outside, Feltham school may look like hell on earth, they have became a place of sanity for their otherwise, deprived teens. By the history of the school, it may look incresingly bad for thouse wishing to enroll their children into this secondary school. But Feltham is a perfectly capable school, with exceeding results.
Overview.
In addition to the mainstream school, FCC also has three specialist units incorporated into it. These units are; an Autism Resource Centre, (ARC) a centre for students with physical disabilities (PD Centre), and a centre for students with behavioural issues (known as The BASE) 
Feltham Community College gained academy status on 1 November 2011. An academy is a school that is not run by the Local Authority (in Feltham's case, the London Borough of Hounslow). It is managed and run entirely by its own Governors and staff, and funded directly by the government. Throughout England, however, most students are still admitted to secondary schools such as FCC through a central system administered by the Local Education Authority where prospective students (or rather, their parents/carers) submit their choice of schools in order of preference.
History.
In the 1960s three schools, Tudor Grammar, De Brome (Boys Secondary Modern) School and Lafone (Girls Secondary Modern) School, were amalgamated to form Feltham Comprehensive School, known as "The Feltham School". The school ran from three sites, Upper School, Browells Lane (former Tudor Grammar site), and East and West Buildings located in Boundaries Road on the opposite side of the busy A312 Uxbridge Road. The Boundaries Road buildings were the former De Brome and Lafone sites respectively. 
When Feltham School opened, the former Lafone building had 12-form entry at age 11,("Lower School") with pupils transferring to the De Brome building ("Middle School") for what were then known as the third and fourth years of secondary school (years 9 and 10 under the current year name system). In later years, prior to the move to a single site, both these buildings accommodated 11-14 year olds, i.e. present school years 7-10, with an equal number of forms in each building. 
During the late 1970s the school had a poor reputation. The first head teacher of Feltham School, Percy Bambury, encountered many difficulties related to the adjustment to a non-selective comprehensive system while trying to retain many of the high standards of achievement of the former Tudor Grammar, of which he had also been Head Teacher. Separate Deputy Heads for each of the individual buildings attempted to encourage pupils to aim high and "seize the day" (the English translation of the new school;'s motto, still in use today). The catchment area for the school is often described by media commentators as a tough working class suburb of London, though in reality children at the school come from a wide range of backgrounds in an area with Heathrow Airport as the principal employer, but many other service, IT and retail industries operating in the area too.
The poor reputation may not have been entirely justified, however. The school achieved considerable success with musical productions and individual achievers such as Michael Collins and Wilfred Penny-Worth-Smythe. Also during this period, starting in November 1975, Deputy Head Brian Tyler (later featured in a BBC TV series about another comprehensive of which he became head)instituted what became a regular exchange programme for a number of years between students in the upper years of the school and Eton College in nearby Windsor. Feltham students stayed in the Eton College houses, went to lessons and generally entered into Eton's extra-curricular activities, while their Eton counterparts of similar age attended classes and social activities at Feltham while staying with the families of their exchanges.
The appointment of Paul M. Grant as Head Teacher on the retirement of Percy Bambury in 1976 led to improvements in both discipline and standards. There was also a large investment in the school by the London Borough of Hounslow. A sixth form centre and additional facilities for pupils of 15-16 years, necessitated by the raising of the school leaving age in 1973, had led to the construction of what became known as the ROSLA block on the Browells Lane site. This was followed with the opening in 1983 of the Art, Design and Technology Building, and the construction of the first astroturf pitches in the borough.
With the completion of this building, the former Lafone Girls School site (by now known as Lower West) was closed,with the exception of the separate gymnasium building. The main school building had been diagnosed with concrete cancer and was scheduled for demolition, which was completed by 1985.
Through the mid to late 1980s, the school became more involved in community education, no longer restricting use of the school for those between the ages 11 to 19. This led to the school changing its name to Feltham Community School. Popular evening classes even enabled former less successful students of the school to re-take A Levels in adult life and in many cases to go on to mature age entry to higher education. 
The school continued working on two sites, i.e. the old De Brome ("Lower East") building and the Browells Lane (Tudor) complex, with pupils having to move between both via a purpose-built footbridge across the main road during breaks until the new Maths, Science, IT, and Library building was opened in 1985. Once open the former De Brome Boys School or East Building was closed, again with the exception of the gym. The De Brome building as a whole has however since remained in largely educational and Youth Service use, initially as a Road Safety Centre for the borough of Hounslow, and now as the Feltham campus of West Thames College, which offers mainly tertiary and technical education for the 16-19 year age group, though some provision is also now being made for younger pupils post-14 to study technical subjects here. Noteworthy.
In April 1986 the new state of the art Library was officially opened as the Russell Kerr Library, by the then Labour Party leader, the Right Honourable Neil Kinnock. Australian-born Kerr had been the area's Labour MP for many years. A time capsule was also buried with contemporary items to be unearthed 50 years later.
The final stage of development, a new sports complex, was delayed due to council cuts. This left sports and Physical Education still on three sites. In the early 1990s the new sports complex was built and completed. This finally brought the school on to one site.
The former Lafone Girls School (West Building) site has since become a small housing estate, the names of which include De Brome Road, Slattery Road (after a former local councillor) and Wyatt Close. The former school gym still exists and is now used by Sportac 76, a Sports Gymnastics club which began life in the year of the Montreal Olympic games and the success of Jeff Davis, a former Tudor and Feltham pupil who was a talented gymnast. 
The Browells lane site stands on part of Hanworth Park, also known as Hanworth Air Park which was one of London's first aerodromes. These were once the grounds of Hanworth Palace, a former hunting lodge for King Henry VIII of England,hence the original grammar school's name of "Tudor Grammar" with the Tudor rose as its emblem.

</doc>
<doc id="20083487" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083487" title="Canadian transfer payments">
Canadian transfer payments

Transfer payments are a collection of fiscal equalization processes used in Canada. Chief among these are the Canada Social Transfer, the Canada Health Transfer and equalization payments. The last of these can be spent however the receiving provinces see fit, while the first two must be spent on social and health services respectively.
The health transfer is the largest of the three, with a combined cash and tax point value of $36.5 billion in the 2008-2009 budget. The social transfer has a cash and tax point value of $19.1 billion while the general equalization payments distributed $13.6 billion to 6 "have-not" provinces. The Territorial Formula Financing program gives $2.3 billion to the three territories in the same year.
While the territories do not participate in the equalization payment program (the Territorial Formula Financing program taking its place), they do participate in the health and social transfers.
Total federal transfers.
The Canadian federal government budgeted in 2009-10 nearly $60 billion to transfer to the provinces and territories through major transfers (Canada Health Transfer, Canada Social Transfer, Equalization and Territorial Formula Financing), direct targeted support and trust funds – an increase of $6.7 billion from the previous year.
In 2009-10, the Canada Health Transfer (CHT), at $22.6 billion in 2008–09, will continue to grow by 6-per-cent a year, providing an increase of $1.4 billion for a total of $24 billion in 2009–10. The Canada Social Transfer (CST), at $10.6 billion in 2008–09, will grow by 3-per-cent a year for a total of $10.9 billion in 2009–10. Equalization will be $14.2 billion in 2009–10. Territorial Formula Financing (TFF) will be $2.5 billion in 2009–10, an increase of $185 million over 2008–09.
In 2008-09, provinces and territories received about $49.1 billion in major transfers – an increase of $7.7 billion since 2005-06. These transfers were estimated to account for about 17% of provincial and territorial revenues in 2008-09.
Canada Health Transfer.
Unlike Equalization payments, which can be spent however the receiving provinces sees fit, the funds received as part of the Canada Health Transfer must be used by provinces and territories for the purposes of "maintaining the national criteria" for publicly provided health care in Canada as set out in the "Canada Health Act". 
The CHT is made up of a cash transfer and tax transfer. In 2008-09, CHT cash transfer payments from the federal government to the provinces and territories were $22.6 billion and tax point transfers were worth $13.9 billion. Annual cash levels are set in legislation up to the 2013-14 fiscal year as a result of the September 2004 Health Accord between the federal government and the provinces/territories.
While the transfer is allocated on an equal per capita basis, the cash component is not because it takes into account the value of provincial/territorial tax points. The value of a tax point represents the amount of revenue that is generated by one percentage point of a particular tax (in the case of the CHT and the CST, the personal income tax or the corporate income tax). Since provinces do not have identical economies and, therefore, have unequal capacity to raise tax revenues, a tax point is worth more in a wealthy province than in a poorer province.
Currently Alberta and Ontario, the two provinces with the highest revenue raising ability, receive lower per capita CHT cash payments than the other provinces until recently where Ontario received $347 million in equalization payments. Also, Newfoundland, a province which has received payments since the program's creation, is now a so-called "have" province, and is now a net contributor and does not receive Equalization payments.
Canada Social Transfer.
The Canada Social Transfer is the Canadian government's transfer payment programme in support of post-secondary education, social assistance and social services, including early childhood development and early learning and childcare. It was made independent from the Canada Health and Social Transfer programme on April 1, 2004 to allow for greater accountability and transparency for federal health funding. In 2008/2009, the programme transferred $10.6 billion in cash to the provinces and a further $8.5 billion in tax points.
Equalization payments.
In Canada, the federal government makes payments to less wealthy Canadian provinces to equalize the provinces' "fiscal capacity" — their ability to generate tax revenues. The program began in 1972. In 2008-2009, six provinces will receive $13.6 billion in equalization payments from the federal government.
Until the 2009-2010 fiscal year, Ontario was the only province to have never received equalization payments; in 2009-2010 Ontario will receive 347 million dollars, while Newfoundland, which has received payments since the program's creation, is now a so-called "have" province, and is now a net contributor and does not receive payments.
Canada's territories are not included in the equalization program - the federal government addresses territorial fiscal needs through the Territorial Formula Financing (TFF) program.
Equalization payments are based on a formula that calculates the difference between the per capita revenue yield that a particular province would obtain using average tax rates and the national average per capita revenue yield at average tax rates. The current formula considers five major revenue sources (see below). The objective of the program is to ensure that all provinces have access to per capita revenues equal to the potential average of all ten provinces. The formula is based solely on revenues and does not consider the cost of providing services or the expenditure need of the provinces. 
Equalization payments do not involve wealthy provinces making direct payments to poor provinces as the money comes from the federal treasury. As an example, a wealthy citizen in New Brunswick, a so-called "have not" province, pays more tax into the federal system and funds more equalization than a poorer citizen in Alberta that pays less federal tax, a so-called "have" province. However, because of Alberta's greater population and wealth, the citizens of Alberta as a whole are net contributors to equalization, while the government of New Brunswick, therefore the citizens, are net receivers of equalization payments. 
Equalization payments are one example of what are often collectively referred to in Canada as "transfer payments", a term used in other jurisdictions to refer to cash payments to individuals. Unlike conditional transfer payments such as the Canada Health Transfer or the Canada Social Transfer, the money the provinces receive through equalization can be spent in any way the provincial government desires. The payments are meant to guarantee "reasonably comparable levels" of health care, education, and welfare in all the provinces. The definition of "reasonably comparable levels", however, has been the subject of considerable debate.
In 2009, the total amount of the program was roughly 13.6 billion Canadian dollars.
Traditionally, the payments have been seen as a way of promoting national unity. In addition, the ebb and flow of receiving or paying into equalization by the various provinces has moderated both recession and growth periods within individual provincial economies, which has increased long-term stability in the Canadian economy as a whole. Only a very small amount of Canadian government revenue is put into equalization; for 2009, it was slightly over 2%, at 13.6 billion out of 633.6 billion total revenue Canadian dollars.

</doc>
<doc id="20083501" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083501" title="Physiochemical">
Physiochemical

Physiochemical refers to:
"Not to be confused with Physicochemical which refers to Physical chemistry."

</doc>
<doc id="20083513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083513" title="Arnor Njøs">
Arnor Njøs

Arnor Njøs (born 21 June 1930) is a Norwegian soil researcher.
He was born in Leinstrand. He graduated from the Norwegian College of Agriculture in 1955, and took the M.Sc. degree at the University of Illinois in 1961. He was a professor at the Norwegian College of Agriculture from 1979 to 1989, serving as rector from 1984 to 1989, and headed the Norwegian Centre for Soil and Environmental Research from 1990 to 1995.

</doc>
<doc id="20083528" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083528" title="Timeline of the Mexican Drug War">
Timeline of the Mexican Drug War

The timeline of some of the most relevant events in the Mexican Drug War is set out below. Although violence between drug cartels had been occurring for three decades, the Mexican government held a generally passive stance regarding cartel violence through the 1980s and early 2000s.
That changed on December 11, 2006, when the newly elected President Felipe Calderón sent 6,500 Mexican Army soldiers to the state of Michoacán to end drug violence there. This action is regarded as the first major retaliation made against the cartel violence, and is generally viewed as the starting point of the Mexican Drug War between the government and the drug cartels. As time passed, Calderón continued to escalate his anti-drug campaign, in which there are now about 45,000 troops involved along with state and federal police forces.
"Note: To make the list more manageable, murdered politicians are listed separately in list of politicians killed in the Mexican Drug War, and journalists assassinated are listed at list of journalists killed in the Mexican Drug War. Other notable events in the ongoing conflict are included below."
2007.
For 2007, the drug-related death toll reached 2,477.
2008.
For 2008, the drug-related death toll reached 6,290.
2009.
For 2009, the drug-related death toll reached 7,724.
2010.
For 2010, the drug-related deaths reached 15,273.

</doc>
<doc id="20083538" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083538" title="The Bull">
The Bull

The Bull may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20083544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083544" title="James Henry Plummer">
James Henry Plummer

James Henry Plummer (19 February 1848 - 10 September 1932) was a Canadian financier, He acquired the Dominion Iron and Steel Company in 1903 and developed it as a major industry before and during the First World War.
Plummer was born in 1848 at Mary Tavy, England. He emigrated to Canada with his parents in 1859 and was educated at Upper Canada College. In 1867 he began work as a clerk in the Toronto branch of the Bank of Montreal. He joined the Canadian Bank of Commerce in 1868 as a clerk, rising to become manager of several branches by 1878 and assistant general manager by 1903.
He was the namesake of the canal-sized package freighter "J. H. Plummer", built in 1903 by Armstrong Whitworth & Company Ltd. at Newcastle-on-Tyne. This 257-foot, 1,643-ton steamer was owned originally by the Canadian Lake and ocean Navigation Company Ltd., a subsidiary of the McKenzie and Mann Group.
In 1903 Plummer acquired control of the Dominion Iron and Steel Company Ltd. (DISCO) from James Ross of Montreal, who in turn had purchased it from the Henry Melville Whitney syndicate of Boston, Massachusetts, in 1901. Plummer was elected president of DISCO in 1904. He acquired control of the Dominion Coal Company Ltd.(DOMCO) from Ross in 1910 and made both companies subsidiaries of the Dominion Steel Corporation (DOSCO).
Upon Plummer's retirement in 1916, he was succeeded as president of DISCO by Mark Workman,
In 1919 Plummer negotiated the sale of DOMCO and DISCO to a syndicate of British investors led by Roy M. Wolvin of Montreal. This led to the organization in 1921 of the British Empire Steel Company (BESCO), which was succeeded in 1930 by the Dominion Steel and Coal Corporation.
James H. Plummer lived in retirement in Toronto until his death there at the age of 84 on 10 September 1932.

</doc>
<doc id="20083552" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083552" title="Lash Lightning">
Lash Lightning

Lash Lightning is a fictional superhero character who first appeared in "Sure-Fire Comics" #1 (June, 1940) from Ace Comics.
Publication history.
In his first appearance this character was named Flash Lightning; the name was changed to Lash Lightning by the second issue, to avoid confusion with DC Comics’ Flash. Starting with issue #4, "Sure-Fire" was renamed "Lightning Comics" to take advantage of the star character’s popularity. He also appeared in issues 1 to 22 of the Ace title "Four Favorites"; about halfway through this run the “Lash” was dropped and he was simply named Lightning.
In "Lightning Comics" vol. 3 no. 1 (1942), Lash was given a sidekick in the form of Lightning Girl. She was seen in issues 6 to 22 of "Four Favorites".
In 2008, Lash Lightning and Lightning Girl appeared in flashback in Dynamite Entertainment’s "Project Superpowers" #0; in the one-shot "Project Superpowers: Chapter Two Prelude", it’s stated that the two of them will appear in this line as part of a team called The Super-Mysterymen (presumably named after the Ace title "Super-Mystery Comics").
Fictional biography.
Ace.
In 1940, explorer Robert Morgan was delving into an Egyptian pyramid when he encountered an ancient mystic called The Old Man of the Pyramids; the mystic gave Morgan superpowers, on the condition that he use them to fight evil. His powers include super-strength, super-speed, flight, the ability to generate electricity and radiate “lightning heat,” and a measure of invulnerability (e.g., he can contain the explosion of a grenade with his bare hands); his powers can be recharged by electricity. Returning to the United States, Morgan donned a costume and changed his name to Lash Lightning (as opposed to maintaining a secret identity). His emblem is a triangle with a thunderbolt emerging from each of its three sides.
Later, Lash’s friend Isobel Blake gained powers identical to his when he accidentally charged her with thousands of volts of electricity; she donned a costume similar to his and became his partner Lightning Girl. Also, the two of them are now able to track each other via their “lightning impulses.”
"Project Superpowers".
At some point after World War II, both Lash Lightning and Lightning Girl were imprisoned in the mystical Urn of Pandora, along with many other heroes, by the misguided Fighting Yank; decades later, the Urn was broken and the heroes released. The duo were then recruited, along with six other heroes (including Captain Courageous, Mr. Raven, Soldier Unknown), and The Sword, to form a team called The Super-Mysterymen; the purpose of this team has not yet been revealed.
"Living Legends".
Lightning Girl is one of the sixteen heroes to have hopped sixty years in to the future in the pages of the Metahuman Press serial "Living Legends". She was the only one of the characters to return to college in an attempt to regain a normal life, but the return of a still-young Robert Morgan has complicated matters in the still-ongoing serial.

</doc>
<doc id="20083559" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083559" title="Fight at Monterey Pass">
Fight at Monterey Pass

The Fight at Monterey Pass (or Gap) was an American Civil War military engagement beginning the evening of July 4, 1863, during the Retreat from Gettysburg. A Confederate wagon train of Lt. Gen. Richard S. Ewell's Second Corps, Army of Northern Virginia, withdrew after the Battle of Gettysburg, and Union cavalry under Brig. Gen. H. Judson Kilpatrick attacked the retreating Confederate column. After a lengthy delay in which a small detachment of Maryland cavalrymen delayed Kilpatrick's division, the Union cavalrymen captured numerous Confederate prisoners and destroyed hundreds of wagons.
Background.
General Robert E. Lee ordered his Confederate Army of Northern Virginia to begin withdrawing from Gettysburg following his army's defeat on July 3, 1863. When Maj. Gen. George G. Meade's Army of the Potomac did not counterattack by the evening of July 4, Lee realized that he could accomplish nothing more in his Gettysburg Campaign and that he had to return his battered army to Virginia. His ability to supply his army by living off the Pennsylvania countryside was now significantly reduced and the Union could easily bring up additional reinforcements as time passed, whereas he could not. Prior to the movement of the infantry and artillery, however, Lee was concerned with removing his long train of wagons, supplies, and wounded men over South Mountain and into the Cumberland Valley. He sent the majority of the wagons and ambulances under the direction of Brig. Gen. John D. Imboden over the Chambersburg Pike, which passed through Cashtown in the direction of Chambersburg and Hagerstown, Maryland.
While Imboden's wagons moved northwest, Lee designated a shorter route for his three corps: southwest through Fairfield and over Monterey Pass to Hagerstown. After dark on July 4, Lt. Gen. A.P. Hill's Third Corps headed out onto the Fairfield Road, followed by Lt. Gen. James Longstreet's First Corps and Lt. Gen. Richard S. Ewell's Second Corps. Lee accompanied Hill at the head of the column. Departing in the dark, Lee had the advantage of getting several hours head start and the route from the west side of the battlefield to Williamsport was about half as long as the ones available to the Army of the Potomac.
However, the first traffic on the Fairfield Road had begun on the evening of July 3, when Ewell, concerned about the logistical challenges of the impending retreat, sent his corps trains and herds of captured cattle ahead of his main body. He divided his wagons into three columns. The first used the Cashtown Gap, the second the Fairfield Gap, and the third the Monterey Pass. The wagons headed for Monterey Pass followed the route of Maj. Gen. George Pickett's division, which was moving to the rear as escorts for the Union prisoners of war from the battle.
Early on July 4 Meade sent his cavalry to strike the enemy's rear and lines of communication so as to "harass and annoy him as much as possible in his retreat." Eight cavalry brigades took to the field. Col. J. Irvin Gregg's brigade moved toward Cashtown via Hunterstown and the Mummasburg Road, but all of the others moved south of Gettysburg. Brig. Gen. Judson Kilpatrick's cavalry division joined up with the brigade of Col. Pennock Huey at Emmitsburg, Maryland, and they were ordered to locate and destroy "a heavy train of wagons" that had been spotted by a Union signal station. Assuming that Ewell's corps wagon train was actually the main supply trains for Lee's army, Kilpatrick moved out aggressively at 10 a.m. on July 4, proceeding west on the Waynesboro-Emmitsburg Turnpike toward the village of Fountain Dale (just east of present-day Blue Ridge Summit on Pennsylvania Route 16) and Monterey Pass.
Confederate cavalry commander Maj. Gen. J.E.B. Stuart understood the importance of securing the mountain passes and he assigned the primary responsibility to the cavalry brigades of Brig. Gens. Beverly H. Robertson and William E. "Grumble" Jones. Recognizing the vulnerability of Ewell's immense wagon train in the narrow Monterey Pass, Jones asked permission from Stuart to use his entire brigade to defend it. Stuart allowed the 6th and 7th Virginia Cavalry regiments and a battery of horse artillery under Capt. Roger Preston Chew to be assigned. The 7th Virginia was soon recalled, replaced by the 4th North Carolina Cavalry of Robertson's Brigade.
Engagement in the Pass.
Brig. Gen. George A. Custer, a brigade commander under Kilpatrick, received intelligence from a local civilian that the rear of Ewell's wagon train was approaching a large summer resort hotel named Monterey Springs, which sat atop the Pass. Despite being warned of a Confederate artillery placement ahead, Kilpatrick ordered his entire force to advance. A single 12-pounder Napoleon of Courtney's Battery fired a shot at the Union horsemen, but the gunners withdrew before they could be attacked.
The remaining Confederate force on the road up the hill to the Pass consisted of a detachment of 20 dismounted cavalrymen under Capt. George M. Emack from the 1st Maryland Cavalry Battalion, along with a single cannon. As Union troopers from the 5th Michigan Cavalry approached Emack's men, the cannon opened fire and eight of the Marylanders conducted a mounted charge into the head of the Union column. In the dark and the heavy rain, the Union cavalrymen were taken by surprise and many of them retreated in panic. The Confederate cavalrymen dismounted and took up positions on both sides of the road. When the Federals returned, Emack's men waited patiently until they were about 10 yards away and opened fire. The Union cavalrymen were convinced they were opposed by a much larger force. While this standoff continued, Ewell's wagons were moving as swiftly as possible to get out of range of the Union cavalry threat.
By the time Grumble Jones was able to make his way to the scene through the crowded roads, the small Maryland detachment had been driven back several hundred yards, almost to the road junction being used by the wagon train. By this time less than one half of the train had made it safely through the Pass. Jones promised reinforcements from the 6th Virginia Cavalry and Emack ordered his men to hold their ground and conserve their ammunition. Meanwhile, elements of Jones's cavalry attacked Huey's brigade in the rear of Kilpatrick's column.
Kilpatrick brought forward two guns of horse artillery from Lt. Alexander C. M. Pennington's Battery M, 2nd U.S. Artillery, supported by men of the 1st Ohio Cavalry. South of the hotel, a bridge on the road had not been destroyed by the Confederates and Col. Russell A. Alger of the 5th Michigan Cavalry requested reinforcements to make a mounted charge across the bridge. Kilpatrick ordered Custer to make the attack with his full Michigan Brigade. The advance of the 5th and 6th Michigan Cavalry regiments was slowed by the darkness, difficult terrain, and dense undergrowth. The tiny group of Marylanders, supported by a few cavalrymen from the 4th North Carolina of Robertson's Brigade, had delayed the Union advance for nearly five hours.
At about 3 a.m. on July 5, as the Michigan Brigade continued to move slowly forward, Kilpatrick sent in the 1st West Virginia Cavalry under Major Charles E. Capehart. Capehart's 640 officers and men charged what they imagined to be "five times" their numbers. In hand-to-hand fighting with sabers and revolvers, they seized the Confederate cannon and Capehart was later awarded the Medal of Honor for his gallant service. The road was open to attack the wagon train.
Attacking the wagon train.
The Union cavalrymen crashed into the column of now lightly protected wagons. Custer, in his enthusiasm for the charge, was thrown from his horse and nearly captured. Grumble Jones also narrowly avoided capture. Pennington's artillery began shelling the wagons toward the rear of the column, splintering carriages and blocking any opportunity for retreat. The Union and Confederate cavalrymen became thoroughly mixed up among the wagons and the enemies were unable to differentiate themselves in the darkness. Several friendly fire incidents occurred as Union troopers accidentally fired on their own lines. 
Union troopers rode all the way through the wagon train until they reached Ewell's infantry and captured large numbers of prisoners before returning to repeat the effort. They erected hasty barricades in front of the wagon train to protect what they had captured. More than 1,300 Confederates—primarily wounded men in ambulances, but also slaves, free blacks, and some cavalrymen—were captured and most of the wagons were destroyed. Many of the mules survived and were turned over to the Cavalry Corps quartermaster. Kilpatrick later reported that he had destroyed Ewell's entire wagon train, although he had in fact encountered only a fraction of the full, 40-mile long train. The Confederates lost about 250 wagons and ambulances with casualties from Iverson's and Daniel's Brigades and of three artillery battalions, as well as 37 wagons from Maj. Gen. Robert E. Rodes's division quartermaster trains.
Aftermath.
Following the fight at Monterey, Kilpatrick's division reached Smithsburg around 2 p.m. on July 5. Stuart arrived from over South Mountain with the brigades of Chambliss and Ferguson. A horse artillery duel ensued, causing some damage to the small town. Kilpatrick withdrew at dark "to save my prisoners, animals, and wagons" and arrived at Boonsboro (spelled Boonsborough at that time) before midnight.
Lee's retreat continued to the Potomac, as minor combat operations—primarily cavalry actions—occurred at Hagerstown (July 6 and 12), Boonsboro (July 8), Funkstown (July 7 and 10), and around Williamsport and Falling Waters (July 6–14). At the Potomac, the Confederates found that rising waters and destroyed pontoon bridges prevented their immediate crossing. Erecting substantial defensive works, they awaited the arrival of the Union army, which had been pursuing over longer roads more to the south of Lee's route. Before Meade could perform adequate reconnaissance and attack the Confederate fortifications, Lee's army escaped across fords and a hastily rebuilt bridge.
In popular media.
A 40-minute documentary on the battle entitled "Ten Days and Still They Come — The Battle at Monterey Pass" was released in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="20083560" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083560" title="Dangiwacha">
Dangiwacha

Dangiwacha is a small town located in district Baramulla district, of Kashmir region, India. The town's population is exclusively Muslim, but members of the Sikh community occupy the surrounding villages, like Charaligund,Yarbugh,Deedarpura, Rawalpora . Dangiwacha is connected to Sopore via Marazigund which is famous dor its apple orchards . Marazigund is connected with Beharampora and Drusoo. Dangiwacha has a sports stadium for the use of local clubs and schools.
Many Government and Private institutions operate in Dangiwacha including the Government Higher Secondary Institute and Golden Gate School. 
The topography of Rafiabad is divided into two belts, the upper belt and the lower belt. The lower belt is densely populated with many orchards. . The upper belt starts from Dangiwacha onwards and is surrounded by beautiful mountain peaks clad with snow throughout the year. The area beyond Zethan and Kangroosa has scenic beauty and beautiful landscape.
Kiterdajji 16 km from Dangiwacha is a local health resorts. 
Mundi Dajiiمند دجي another tourist resort to the west of Pazalpora and is 17km away from Dangiwacha. It is a plain area of 1000 kanals surrounded by Pine, Kail and Burza trees. Mund Daji is almost 8000 feet above sea level and is surrounded by the snow-clad Kajinaag mountain peaks . Qajinaag is at the top of the beautiful valley where the Hummal and the Gasji streams form. 

</doc>
<doc id="20083571" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083571" title="Knut Hove">
Knut Hove

Knut Hove (born 21 February 1946) is a Norwegian veterinarian.
He was born in Oslo. He took the dr.scient. degree in 1974, and the dr.med.vet. degree in 1978. In 1987 he was appointed as professor the Norwegian College of Agriculture. He became rector there in 2000; the institution changed its name to the Norwegian University of Life Sciences in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="20083580" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083580" title="Triose phosphate translocator">
Triose phosphate translocator

The triose phosphate translocator is an integral membrane protein found in the inner membrane of chloroplasts. It exports triose phosphate (Dihydroxyacetone phosphate) in exchange for inorganic phosphate and is therefore classified as an antiporter. The imported phosphate is then used for ATP regeneration via the light-dependent-reaction; the ATP may then for example be used for further reactions in the Calvin-cycle.The Translocator protein is responsible for exporting all the carbohydrate produced in photosynthesis by plants and therefore most of the carbon in food that one eats has been transported by the triose phosphate translocator.

</doc>
<doc id="20083641" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083641" title="Culemborg railway station">
Culemborg railway station

Culemborg is a railway station in Culemborg, The Netherlands. The station opened on 1 November 1868 and is on the Utrecht–Boxtel railway. The station is in the southern end of the town, on the edge of the Pavijen industrial estate and near the sustainable development "EVA Lanxmeer".
Train services.
The following services calls at Culemborg:

</doc>
<doc id="20083656" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083656" title="Dirk Serries">
Dirk Serries

Dirk Serries (born 1968) is a Belgian composer and ambient musician. He is best known as Vidna Obmana, a pseudonym he used from 1984 until 2007.
History.
Serries began experimenting with electronic music in the late 1980s. His early work concentrated on the abrasive side of electronic music, but moved towards long isolationist ambient pieces throughout the 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="20083674" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083674" title="2nd Weather Group">
2nd Weather Group

The 2nd Weather Group, located at Offutt Air Force Base, Neb., delivers timely, relevant and specialized terrestrial, space and climatological global environmental intelligence to Joint warfighters, the United States Department of Defense, US Government agencies and nations allied with the United States. It is composed of the 2nd Weather Squadron, 2nd Systems Operations Squadron, and 16th Weather Squadron all based at Offutt AFB NE, as well as the 14th Weather Squadron in Asheville, N.C., and 2nd Combat Weather Systems Squadron (2 CWSS), Hurlburt Field, FL. It also includes four solar observatories which fall under the 2nd Weather Squadron: Det. 1, Learmonth, Australia; Det. 2, Sagamore Hill, Mass.; Det. 4, Holloman AFB, N.M.; and Det. 5, Palehua, Hawaii. The 2nd WXG is a subordinate of the Air Force Weather Agency.
Mission.
"Deliver timely, relevant and specialized terrestrial, space and climatological global environmental intelligence to Joint warfighters, DoD decision-makers, national agencies, and allied nations for the planning and execution of missions across the complete spectrum of military operations through the operation, sustainment and maintenance of Air Force weather's $277M strategic center computer complex, production network, and applications."
Personnel and resources.
The 2nd Weather Group is part of the Air Force Weather Agency's worldwide organizational force of more than 1,100 professionals. The 2nd WXG manning consists of active duty, reserve, civilian and contract personnel and is headquartered on Offutt Air Force Base, Neb.
Organization.
The 2nd Weather Group is organized into five continental United States squadrons and four solar observatories.
2nd Combat Weather Systems Squadron.
The 2nd Combat Weather Systems Squadron is located at Hurlburt Field, Florida in the United States. The 2d CWSS is Air Force weather's all inclusive facility to test and evaluate new and existing tactical and fixed weather systems, train Airman on tactical systems prior to deployment, and provide manpower for the Weather Systems Support Cadre which is a forward deployed mobile team to assist with setup, maintenance and theater logistics of tactical weather sensor and radar systems.
History.
The 2nd Weather Group has a long and proud heritage starting as the Pacific Ocean Areas Air Forces Weather Group in September 1944. In August 1945, the 2nd WXG was assigned to the 43rd Weather Wing and later that year to the Provisional Headquarters, Army Air Force, Middle Pacific, and finally to the Headquarters Army Air Force Weather Service. The group became a paper organization in January 1946 and was inactivated in August 1946. The 2d WXG reactivated at Langley Air Force Base, Virginia, replacing the 2102 Air Weather Group in April 1952. It was once again inactivated in October 1965 and replaced by the 5th Weather Wing.
The Group was distinguished with a service streamer from World War II.
The realignment began with the reactivation of the 2nd Weather Group, at Offutt AFB, Neb., in March 2007. The 2nd WXG continues its long and decorated history of providing weather products and service to Air Force and Army units, and is now part of the Air Force Weather Agency.
The 2nd Systems Operations Squadron and the 2nd Weather Squadron, located at Offutt AFB, Neb., were also activated in March 2007 and are under the newly formed 2nd WXG.

</doc>
<doc id="20083675" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083675" title="Z88 FEM software">
Z88 FEM software

Z88 is a free finite element software package available for Microsoft Windows, Mac OS X and Unix/Linux computers. Versions are available for 32-bit and 64-bit operating systems.
There are two versions of Z88 available: the Open Source Version Z88 V14 (without preprocessing) and the freeware system Z88Aurora (pre-&post processing). Now Z88 features static calculations in mechanical engineering and building & construction industries. Z88Aurora V2 features frequency analysis, thermo-mechanical analysis and large deformations. The complete program is freeware, small, easy to use and built for the use on desktop computers with different operating systems and due to users' feedback constantly being improved. Z88 is coded in ANSI-C.
Development and Contents.
Z88 is developed and maintained by Professor Dr.-Ing. Frank Rieg holding the chair of engineering design and CAD at the University of Bayreuth in Germany and his crew. The Open Source Z88 V14 features over 24 different types of finite elements (2D: truss, beam, torus, plane stress elements; 3D: truss, beam, tetrahedron with 4 or 10 nodes, hexahedron with 8 or 20 nodes) a graphical interface and a plot program. Input and output are transparent text files. Several solvers (Cholesky, SICCG, SORCG, Sparse-solver) with multi domain feasibility are included.
Since 2009 a new pre- and post processor called Z88Aurora is developed by a team around Prof. Rieg and was released in June 2010. Z88Aurora uses the technology of Z88 V14.0 combined with an intuitive user prompting (contains boundary conditions, several free FE-mesher, material database with data fitting).
Additional features of Z88Aurora V2 compared with Z88V14:
Use in research and development.
Since 1998 the program is used for engineering design lectures at different universities, e. g. the University of Applied Sciences Ravensburg-Weingarten, the University of Ioannina, the Penn State University, the Universidad de Buenos Aires, the L´Universita Di Cagliari, the University of Maribor and the Zonguldak Karaelmas University.
Application in industry.
Due to the open source approach many applications use Z88 solvers, the plot programs or the complete software package. Often the possibility of adaption z88 for unique FE-problems is used (calculation of glass plates for architecture, mechanical behavior of wood, computation of pressure vessels, comparison to other fe software etc.) Z88 is used by Boeing Missile and Defense/USA, Teledyne Brown Engineering/USA, Winimac Coil Spring Inc./USA, Double D Design Ltd/New Zealand, RINGSPANN GmbH/Germany, KTR Kupplungstechnik GmbH/Germany, etc.
References.
http://www.epochtimes.de/articles/2010/07/07/595334.html

</doc>
<doc id="20083704" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083704" title="Indoor hockey at the 2007 Asian Indoor Games">
Indoor hockey at the 2007 Asian Indoor Games

Indoor hockey at the 2007 Asian Indoor Games was held in Macau, China from 26 October to 3 November 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20083705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083705" title="Alf-Jørgen Aas">
Alf-Jørgen Aas

Alf-Jørgen Aas (5 July 1915 - 20 August 1981) was a Norwegian painter and art instructor.
He was born in Trondheim and studied at the Norwegian National Academy of Fine Arts from 1934 to 1938 under Axel Revold (1887–1962), Jean Heiberg (1884–1976) and Georg Jacobsen. He debuted at the Kunstnerforbundet during November 1939.
Aas became professor at the National Academy of Fine Arts in 1965, and rector from 1975 to 1980. Aas was actively involved in the initial phase when the Henie-Onstad Art Centre was founded in Høvikodden, and he was a key adviser to the collection for several years.
Aas's simplified forms and used a consensus color scale characterized by green, blue, violet and ocher. He often painted in acrylic or watercolor as well as oil on canvas. He developed a sense of self-criticism, by which he would scrape out and paint over again time after time. In his latest work, he reached forward to a near-total abstraction. He is represented with seven works in the National Gallery of Norway. His works on display include: "Atelier-stilleben" (1945), "Portrett av kunstnerens hustru" (1945) and "Vindu" (1975).

</doc>
<doc id="20083729" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083729" title="Digital Designs">
Digital Designs

Digital Designs, or DD Audio is a manufacturer of high-end consumer and pro audio products. Digital Designs was established in 1986 in Southern California, but moved to Oklahoma City in 1991. Digital Designs is very well renowned in the car audio market, and it has won more SPL competitions than any other company. 
Domestic-made products is a large aspect of Digital Designs, as all their products are still handmade in the United States
and they use domestic-made parts whenever possible.
DD Audio in the recent years had the son of the company open up a separate company, called SoundQubed, which also is a mobile/car audio company.
See also.
MTX Audio
References.
Company history at official website

</doc>
<doc id="20083761" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083761" title="Alfred Loedding">
Alfred Loedding

Alfred C. Loedding was an American aeronautics engineer.
A 1930 graduate of the Daniel Guggenheim School of Aeronautics, Loedding worked with the pioneering Bellanca Aircraft Company until 1938, when he became a civilian engineer for the U.S. Air Force at Wright Field, later Wright-Patterson Air Base. One of his specialties was low-aspect design aircraft, such as flying wings or flying disk designs, including a 1948 patent registered with the U.S. Patent Office.
In the summer of 1947, hundreds of unidentified flying object reports earned considerable mainstream publicity, and were taken seriously by the U.S. military. Due to his expertise in low-aspect aircraft design—similar to the "flying disk" or "flying saucer" shape of many reported UFOs—Loedding became the focus of early informal Air Force UFO reports, serving as liaison between The Pentagon and Air Force officers Howard M. McCoy and William R. Clingerman.
From 1948 to 1949, Loedding was a member of Project Sign, the formal UFO investigative arm of the Air Force. Loedding investigated many UFO reports and interviewed witnesses; Michael D. Swords described Loedding as part of "probably the most talented group to work on UFOs until the air force ended its investigation in 1969."
Loedding and most of Project Sign's personnel eventually came to favor the extraterrestrial hypothesis (ETH) as the most likely explanation for UFOs. Loedding contributed substantially to Estimate of the Situation which argued in favor of the ETH, and which was ultimately rejected by high-ranking Air Force personnel before Sign was dissolved and replaced with Project Grudge.

</doc>
<doc id="20083775" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083775" title="Algeria–Cyprus relations">
Algeria–Cyprus relations

Algeria–Cyprus relations refer to the bilateral relations between Algeria and Cyprus. Algeria is represented in Cyprus through its embassy in Beirut, Lebanon. Cyprus is represented in Algeria through its embassy in Paris, France. Both countries are full members of the Union for the Mediterranean.
Official meetings.
When presenting his credentials to Cyprus President Tassos Papadopoulos in January 2005, Algeria's Beirut-based Ambassador to Cyprus Ibrahim Benaouda Haci said that Algeria's President Abdelaziz Bouteflika confirmed his willingness to strengthen the relations between Algeria and Cyprus. In October 2006, the Ambassador of Cyprus, Minas Hadjimichael presented his credentials to the President of Algeria Mr Abdelaziz Bouteflika, thanked him for Algeria's support to Cyprus in the framework of the United Nations and the Non-Aligned Movement, and discussed ways to enhance bilateral ties. The President of Algeria said he was satisfied with the friendly relations between the two countries, but stressed that his country favored reunification of the Cyprus Republic. He also expressed his wish for enhancing bilateral cooperation. -->
Algeria has consistently supported reunification of Cyprus based on UN resolutions. In an April 2005 meeting with Turkish Foreign Minister Abdullah Gul in Algeria, President Bouteflika said he supports Turkey on the Cyprus problem, and considers that Turkey has done everything they could be expected to do to solve the Cyprus problem.
In November 1998 the Algerian foreign minister met his Greek Cypriot counterpart.
In February 2001 the Algerian Foreign Minister visited Cyprus.
In November 2001 the President of the Republic of Cyprus, Glafcos Clerides received the credentials of the new Ambassador of Algeria Mr Ahmed Boudehri.
In September 2003 the Cypriot president and the heads of Algeria, Senegal, Kuwait met to discuss regional issues.
Agreements, trade and investment.
Cyprus and Algeria have concluded various agreements. For example, in November 1997, Algeria and Cyprus agreed on a framework for maritime exchanges between the two countries, lifting obstacles on the free movement of ships and offering preferential treatment at the ports in both countries. In December 1999 Algeria and Cyprus signed an air transport agreement to introduce a legal framework governing air routes between Algeria and Cyprus. In July 2000, Algerian news agency APS signed a cooperation agreement with the Cypriot news agency that covers exchange of English news items and photographs.
In December 2001, the Algerian firm Sonatrach and Cyprus oil company Medex Petroleum signed an exploration deal covering the north of Bordj Omar Idriss in the Illizi basin in south-eastern Algeria.
Cyprus is considering Algeria as a potential partner to assist with extracting untapped oil and gas from the island's exclusive economic zone. Other partners being considered are Libya, Russian and Algeria – full details of the negotiations have not yet been released to the public domain.

</doc>
<doc id="20083790" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083790" title="1990–91 KNVB Cup">
1990–91 KNVB Cup

The 73rd edition of the KNVB Cup started on 13 October 1990. The final was played on 2 June 1991: Feyenoord beat BVV Den Bosch 1–0 and won the cup for the seventh time.
First round.
The matches of the first round were played on 13 and 14 October 1990.
Intermediary Round.
There was only room for 32 teams in the next round, so this intermediary round was held on 14 November 1990.
Second round.
The matches of the second round were played on 14, 15 and 16 December 1990. The eleven highest ranked Eredivisie teams from last season entered the tournament this round.
Round of 16.
The matches of the round of 16 were played on 23 January 1991.
Quarter finals.
The quarter finals were played on 27 February 1991.
Semi-finals.
The semi-finals were played on 27 March and 11 April 1991.
Final.
The final was played on 2 June 1991.
Feyenoord would participate in the Cup Winners' Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="20083798" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083798" title="Ernest Griffith Price">
Ernest Griffith Price

Ernest Griffith Price (13 May 1870 – 5 January 1962) was a British National Liberal, later Liberal politician and wharfinger.
Family and education.
Price was the son of John T Griffith Price of Ilford in Essex. He was educated at Ilford College. In 1900 he married Maude Ethel Marshall, the daughter of an army Major and Justice of the Peace from Johannesburg, South Africa.
Business career.
Price went into business as a contractor. He became a director of various companies, most importantly of Bridge Wharves Co. Ltd and Shepwood Partition Brick Co. Ltd. He was also a director of B.Goodman & Co., demolition contractors. Price was sometime President of his Trade Association and Past Master of the Worshipful Company of Paviors in the City of London.
Politics.
One source indicates that Price was a Conservative in politics but at the 1922 general election he was elected Member of Parliament for Shoreditch as a National Liberal, that is a supporter of the former prime minister David Lloyd George. At the election his Liberal opponent was Dr Christopher Addison once a strong supporter of Lloyd George himself. Addison polled over 6,000 votes but finished bottom of the poll. However, Price could not aggregate the former Liberal and National Liberal at the 1923 and he lost the seat to Labour even though he had no Conservative opponent.
Price was also a member of the Board of Management of the Reedham Orphanage in Purley.
Death.
He died aged 91 on 5 January 1962.

</doc>
<doc id="20083811" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083811" title="United States v. Scheffer">
United States v. Scheffer

United States v. Scheffer, , was the first case in which the Supreme Court issued a ruling with regard to the highly controversial matter of polygraph, or "lie-detector," testing. At issue was whether the per se exclusion of polygraph evidence offered by the accused in a military court violates the Sixth Amendment right to present a defense.
Opinion of the Court.
The Court ruled that Military Rule of Evidence 707, which makes polygraph evidence inadmissible in court-martial proceedings, does not unconstitutionally abridge the right of accused members of the military to present a defense.
Significance.
The "United States v. Scheffer" ruling came, as legal writer Joan Biskupic noted in the Washington Post, "at a time when polygraph machines are increasingly being used outside the courtroom" — and inside as well. Prosecutors were using polygraph results "to extract confessions from suspects," Biskupic observed, and defense lawyers were using "them for leverage in plea bargains"; likewise polygraph tests were being subjected to greater and greater use in the workplace. Employers were using them to test job applicants with regard to past wrongdoing, and to monitor present jobholders as well (although this practice was mostly outlawed in 1988 by the Employee Polygraph Protection Act). While the latter practice might raise Fourth Amendment questions of its own, the use of polygraph results in the courtroom had become a battleground for opposing factions of evidentiary experts. 

</doc>
<doc id="20083826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083826" title="Norwegian National Academy of Fine Arts">
Norwegian National Academy of Fine Arts

The Norwegian National Academy of Arts () is a Norwegian Academy offering studies in the area of Fine Art. The Academy currently offers 3-year bachelor and 2-year MA programmes. The "Norwegian National Academy of the Arts" is still referred to simply as "Kunstakademiet" or the "Art Academy" amongst both Staff and students. 
History.
The Art Academy was formerly National Academy of Art ("Statens Kunstakademi"), an autonomous art academy formed in 1909. The noted Norwegian painter Christian Krogh was one of three professors at the Academy of Art when it was established. The staff additionally included painter Halfdan Strøm and the sculptor Gunnar Utsond (1864–1950).
The Academy was initially organized along the lines of the old master studios. The Academy moved to better premises in the Merchant Building on Drammensveien in central Oslo during 1919 and special drawing office at the rear of the Kunstnernes Hus in 1930. In 1935, the Danish painter and architect Georg Jacobsen came to the Academy. From 1935 to 1940, he worked in an extraordinary professorship in art construction and composition teaching. In 1941, the collaborationist Quisling regime called for new arrangements of the academy and added painter and Nasjonal Samling party member Søren Onsager as a professor.
In the mid-1990s the academy merged with the formerly independent Design, Craft, Stage Arts, and Opera academies to form the Oslo National Academy of Art ("Kunsthøgskole i Oslo"), the nation's largest arts college. The former Kunstakademiet then became the Faculty of Visual Arts within the KhiO administration organisation.
In August 2010 all the schools physically merged into a new building in a former sail factory in Grünerløkka on the east side of Oslo. Forming one of the largest art academies in Europe. The Kunstakademi has its own semi-autonomous power of operations, its own quarters and studios as well as its own academic and admissions programs.
Academic Year; 2013-14.
Kunstakademiet currently has students, mostly from Norway but also from Sweden, Denmark, Finland, France, Canada, USA, UK, and Hungary. Teaching is in Norwegian and English. 
All Fine Art BA and MA academy students were presented with 17 available modules in which to study during the 2013 1st semester. Each module attracts between 2-6 credit points, which together alongside Exhibition Practice (15 Credits) Tutorials (5 credits) and Writing Workshop (4 credits) are needed to attain the 30 credit points to pass the semester.
Semester 1 modules include Synne Bull: Re:placing the cinematic, Will Bradley: Capitalism and power and Jeanette Christensen and Marianne Heier: Art and Finance. Each module requires a minimum of 80% attendance to attain the attached modules credits.
Current professors include Michael O'Donnell, Dag Erik Elgin, Susanne Winterling, Jeannette Christensen and Stian Grøgaard.
All Art academy students and professors hold regular Monday meetings at 10am in the Academy building’s social space throughout the year. On occasions there are not enough available seats for attendees. Monday meetings offer an opportunity to share the forthcomings weeks events and planned teaching; whilst sharing breakfast and coffee. Students and staff often attend with their dogs. 
The notable attendance of students and staff with their dogs promoted an email sent on the 4th October 2013 across the Kunstakademiet faculty stating the following:
""Therefore I will inform everyone that this is not allowed. Dogs should not be brought into the school premises. This applies to all staff and students!"" It is not yet known if this correspondence will effect canine attendance.

</doc>
<doc id="20083843" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083843" title="Norwegian National Academy of Opera">
Norwegian National Academy of Opera

The Norwegian National Academy of Opera () was established in 1964 as a two-year education in opera. The school was given collegiate status in 1982.
In 1996 the National Academy of Opera became part of Oslo National Academy of the Arts ("Kunsthøgskolen i Oslo", KHiO).

</doc>
<doc id="20083846" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083846" title="Gunnar Nilsson Memorial Trophy">
Gunnar Nilsson Memorial Trophy

The Gunnar Nilsson Memorial Trophy was a time trial for Formula One cars held at Donington Park on June 3, 1979.
References.
"The fan car raced twice!" www.forix.com Accessed on 5 November 2008

</doc>
<doc id="20083853" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083853" title="Norwegian National Academy of Ballet">
Norwegian National Academy of Ballet

The Norwegian National Academy of Ballet () was established in 1979 as a three-year education in ballet. The school was given collegiate status in 1982.
In 1996 the National Academy of Ballet became part of Oslo National Academy of the Arts ("Kunsthøgskolen i Oslo", KHiO).
The Norwegian National Academy of Ballet consists of 5 different dance programmes:
BA Modern Dance and Contemporary Dance.
Three-year course (180 credits)
The programme is intended to train dancers for established Norwegian and foreign ballet companies, institutional theatres, the free dance environment, advertising, reviews, film and TV – and for various initiatives targeted at schools and the business community. A further aim is for students to learn to create their own workplace.
Dance techniques and on-stage communication make up the main part of the course. Students also create their own works through the study of choreography. There are also classes in musical subjects, nutrition, anatomy and physical training. The theoretical subjects concentrate on dance and music history, but students also take more general arts subjects such as aesthetics and philosophy.
At the start of the course each student undergoes a physical examination and has an individual training programme drawn up for him/her in conjunction with the Centre for Elite Sports. The Oslo Sports Trauma Research Centre (NIMI) helps the students to avoid injuries, and physiotherapists are available throughout the course.
BA Classical Ballet.
Three-year course (180 credits)
The programme is intended for young, talented dancers wanting to train in classical ballet after completing their compulsory primary and secondary education. The programme is also open to applicants who have completed upper-secondary schooling or parts thereof. The aim of the course is to train dancers for established Norwegian and foreign ballet companies.
Dance techniques and on-stage communication make up the main part of the course. Students also create their own works through the study of choreography. There are also classes in musical subjects, nutrition, anatomy and physical training, as well as a number of general academic subjects. These are tailored to the age group and include Norwegian, English and social studies, as well as dance theory.
At the start of the course each student undergoes a physical examination and has an individual training programme drawn up for him/her in conjunction with the Centre for Elite Sports. The Oslo Sports Trauma Research Centre (NIMI) helps the students to avoid injuries, and physiotherapists are available throughout the course.
BA Jazz Dance.
Three-year course (180 credits)
The programme is intended to train dancers for the free dance environment, institutional theatres, advertising, reviews, film and TV – and for various initiatives targeted at schools and the business community. A further aim is for students to learn to create their own workplace.
Dance techniques and on-stage communication make up the main part of the course. Students also create their own works through the study of choreography. There are also classes in musical subjects, nutrition, anatomy and physical training. The theoretical subjects concentrate on dance and music history, but students also take more general arts subjects such as aesthetics and philosophy.
At the start of the course each student undergoes a physical examination and has an individual training programme drawn up for him/her in conjunction with the Centre for Elite Sports. The Oslo Sports Trauma Research Centre (NIMI) helps the students to avoid injuries, and physiotherapists are available throughout the course.
MA Choreography.
Two-year course (120 credits)
The master’s programme in choreography is intended to train choreographers to be able to work at the highest national and international level on established stages and in the field of free dramatic art.
Creative work involving dance and staging are the students’ main concerns, and all the subjects on the curriculum reinforce this. Production of pieces the students have choreographed themselves and a thesis make up approximately one third of the course. The course also comprises musical and administrative subjects, as well as various arts and social subjects, including philosophy and aesthetics, which form the basis for work on the students’ own artistic development.
The course will enable students to develop an independent artistic style as a choreographer, and carry out choreographic work as part of other artistic productions. Students will become familiar with various choreographic working methods and styles.
Collaboration with other specialist groups within dramatic art provides students with experience of the collective process which creates a production. Knowledge of staging effects is an important element of the course.
Practical educational dance programme.
One-year full-time course (60 credits)
The practical educational dance programme (PPU) is funded through the Ministry of Education and Research’s Outline plan for practical educational programmes. Applicants must have completed academic or vocational studies and have professional experience. The programme comprises educational science (30 credits), teaching theory (30 credits) and 12–14 weeks’ practical training.
Instruction takes the form of meetings, with three meetings in each semester. The practical training is organised both as ‘on-the-spot’ practice and as ongoing practical training.
PPU qualifies students to work as a single-subject teacher at intermediate and secondary level in the compulsory school system, and in upper-secondary schools and adult education. The PPU in dance also aims to equip students to teach dance to pre-school children and in the voluntary sector, e.g. in schools of performing arts and private ballet schools, and to work as college teachers. The PPU in dance also provides the necessary skills to rehearse professional dancers in cultural institutions.
External links

</doc>
<doc id="20083862" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083862" title="Knyaginino">
Knyaginino

Knyaginino () is the name of several inhabited localities in Russia.

</doc>
<doc id="20083873" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083873" title="Norwegian National Academy of Craft and Art Industry">
Norwegian National Academy of Craft and Art Industry

The Norwegian National Academy of Craft and Art Industry () was established in 1818.
In 1996 the National Academy of Craft and Art Industry became part of Oslo National Academy of the Arts ("Kunsthøgskolen i Oslo", KHiO).

</doc>
<doc id="20083908" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083908" title="Isabella, Manitoba">
Isabella, Manitoba

Isabella is a settlement in the Rural Municipality of Miniota, Manitoba. People first began to settle in the Isabella district in the late 1870s. People came to Isabella by various means: foot, ox-cart or horse and wagons.
A post office was established on 16-15-25W in 1906 and was named after a Scottish woman, Isabella Gould Taylor, who was the oldest person in the district at the time. The School District was also established about this time. There was no railway into the town of Isabella until 1909 when the Canadian Northern Railway was built from Hallboro to Isabella. It still contains a store (which is a museum), and 4 other museums (Heise house, Iverach house, The store, The barn, Doran house), and a post office/hall.
It is virtual ghost town today. 

</doc>
<doc id="20083915" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083915" title="Home (Mirbeau)">
Home (Mirbeau)

Home, also translated as "Charity" (), is a French three-act comedy by the novelist and playwright Octave Mirbeau, written in collaboration with Thadée Natanson. It was performed in December 1908 on the stage of the Comédie-Française, in Paris. 
The comedy raised a big scandal because in it Mirbeau denounces the Catholic charity-business and broaches a new taboo subject : the economic and sexual exploitation of young girls in “charitable” homes. In order to see his play performed as intended, he brought a suit 
against Jules Claretie and the Comédie-Française. He won his trial and the comedy could at last be performed.
An English translation, by Richard Hand, has been published by Intellect Books : "Two Plays: “Business is Business” and “Charity”", January 2012, 147 pages (ISBN: 9781841504865).
Plot.
Like "Business is business", "Le Foyer" is a comedy of manners and characters in the tradition of Molière. It respects the unity of time and the unity of action.
The main character, Baron Courtin, is a conservative senator and a respectable Academician, who founded works of charity. But he has embezzled money from the “charitable” Foyer (Home) over which he presides : he risks all at once ruin, dishonor, and prison. But he escapes punishment. First, thanks to the former lover of his wife Thérèse, the old financier Biron, who is cynical yet still in love, and to whom he forces the baroness to go and beg for his help, while she has given him up for young d'Auberval: Biron accepts paying for Courtin, but he means to recover the money by exploiting even more fiercely the work of the little girls of the Foyer. Then, thanks to an agreement made with the republican government : the government lets bygones be bygones in exchange for his silence in an important debate in the Parliament.
On board Biron's cruise boat, Courtin will be able to polish at leisure his speech on the price of virtue, in the company of the two lovers of his wife, the former and the new one...

</doc>
<doc id="20083938" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083938" title="ITU Triathlon World Championships">
ITU Triathlon World Championships

The ITU Triathlon World Championships, also known as the World Triathlon Series, is the International Triathlon Union's annual series of triathlon events used to crown an annual world champion. There are eight rounds of competitions culminating in a Grand Final race. Athletes compete head-to-head for points in these races that will determine the overall ITU world champion. In 2013, the series offered a total of $2.25 million in prize money to elite athletes, making it the richest series in triathlon.
The World Championships have been held annually since 1989, the same year as the formation of the International Triathlon Union (ITU) – the world governing body of triathlon. The championship races for elite men and women was complemented with junior races, beginning in 1990, and with under-23 events from 2002. The elite championship races are held over the standard (Olympic) distance of 1500 m mass-start open-water swim, 40 km draft-legal cycle and 10 km run.
Beginning with the 2009 racing season, the format of the ITU Triathlon World Championship was changed from a single championship race format to a series of world championship events culminating with a grand final race. From 2009 to 2011 the events were known as the World Championship Series (WCS) before being relabeled World Triathlon Series (WTS) in 2012.
Venues.
GF = Grand Final

</doc>
<doc id="20083942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083942" title="ARACNE">
ARACNE

Introduction.
ARACNE (Algorithm for the Reconstruction of Accurate Cellular Networks), a novel algorithm, using microarray expression profiles, specifically designed to scale up to the complexity of regulatory networks in mammalian cells, yet general enough to address a wider range of network deconvolution problems. This method uses an information theoretic approach to eliminate the vast majority of indirect interactions typically inferred by pairwise analysis. 
On synthetic datasets ARACNE achieves extremely low error rates and significantly outperforms established methods, such as Relevance Networks and Bayesian Networks. Application to the deconvolution of genetic networks in human B cells demonstrates ARACNE’s ability to infer validated transcriptional targets of the c-MYC proto-oncogene.
ARACNE shows promise in identifying direct transcriptional interactions in mammalian cellular networks, a problem that has challenged existing reverse engineering algorithms. This approach should enhance our ability to use microarray data to elucidate functional mechanisms that underlie cellular processes and to identify molecular targets of pharmacological compounds in mammalian cellular networks.
Application Download.
ARACNE2 
Please register here before downloading the software (if forwarding links have brought you to this page directly). Thank you, we need ARACNE2 usage statistics for Grant purposes.
Usage.txt: This file is used by the native aracne2 binaries compiled from C++ source to provide ARACNE2 usage summary. Please copy this file to the same directory as the binary (This can be ignored if the entire source distribution is downloaded)
aracne2.exe: PE32 executable for MS Windows (console) Intel 80386 32-bit
aracne2: ELF 64-bit LSB executable, AMD x86-64, version 1 (SYSV), for GNU/Linux 2.6.9, dynamically linked (uses shared libs), for GNU/Linux 2.6.9, not stripped
aracne2.macosx: Mach-O 64-bit executable x86_64
aracne2.jar: Java executable jarfile
ARACNE.src.tar.gz: C++ source only with Makefiles
ARACNE-java.src.tar.gz: Java source only with ANT build file
aracne.zip: Java Graphic User Interface (GUI) for loading adjacency matrices and drawing network diagrams using a built-in Cytoscape plugin. Please set a 'JAVA_HOME' environment variable pointing to your JDK and use the launch_aracne scripts in the distribution to start the application
Documentation and Support.
See http://www.nature.com/nprot/journal/v1/n2/abs/nprot.2006.106.html or Download PDF and Supplemental Documents for detailed usage instructions.
Usage Summary:
aracne ... or
java -jar ARACNE-java.jar 
ARACNE options:
-i <file> Input gene expression profile dataset
-o <file> Output file name (optional) [*]
-j <file> Existing adjacency matrix (.adj) file
-a <accurate|fast> Algorithm (accurate | fast), default: accurate
-k <kernel width> Kernel width (accurate method only), default: determined by program
-b <# bins> No. of bins (fast method only), default: 6
-t <threshold> MI threshold, default: 0
-p P-value for MI threshold (e.g. 1e-7), default: 1 [**]
-e <tolerance> DPI tolerance, default: 1
-h <probeId> Hub gene (only MI w/ hub gene will be computed), default: NONE
-r <sample number> Use resampling arrays
-s <file> A file containing a list of probes for which a subnetwork will be
constructed, default: NONE
-l <file> A file containing a list of probes annotated as transcription
factors in the input dataset, default: NONE [***]
-c <+/-probeId %> Conditional network reconstruction, default: NONE [****]
"+24 0.35", "-1973_s_at 0.4"
-f <mean> <cv> Gene filter by the mean and coefficient of variance (cv) of the
expression values, default: mean=0, cv=0
-H <ARACNE_HOME> To specify where the ARACNE configuration files locates,
default: current working directory—help Display this help and exit
[*] If no output file is specified by the user, an output will be automatically generated in
the same directory as the input file by appending some of the parameter values, such as
kernel width, MI threshold, tolerance and so on, at the end of the input file name, and
changing the file extension to ".adj".
[**] If the "-t" option is supplied, it will enforce the program to use the specified MI
threshold, therefore the "-p" option will be ignored. Otherwise, the program will
automatically determines the MI threshold given the p-value. The default, p-value=1, will
preserve all pairwise MI.
[***] This option is ideal for transcriptional network reconstruction. If provided, DPI will not
remove any connection of a transcription factor (TF) by connections between two probes not
annotated as TFs. This option is often used in conjunction with '-s', which specifies a list
of probes that are either the same or a subset of the probes specified by '-l'.
[****] Conditional network reconstructs the network given a specified probe being most expressed or
least expressed. In the format that follows "-c", "probeId" indicate the probe to be
conditioned on; "+" or "-" specify whether the upper or lower tail of the probe's expression
should be used as the condition, and "%" is a percentage between (0, 1) specifying the
proportion of samples used as the conditioning subset.
Example usage:"-c +24 0.35", "-c -1973_s_at 0.4
Relevant Publications.
1) Reverse engineering cellular networks. Nature Protocols 1, 662 - 671 (2006). (Download PDF) (Supplemental Documents)
2) Reverse engineering of regulatory networks in human B cells. Nature Genetics. 2005 Apr;37(4):382-90. (Download PDF)
3) ARACNE: An Algorithm for the Reconstruction of Gene Regulatory Networks in a Mammalian Cellular Context. 
In press in BMC Bioinformatic. (Download PDF)
4) On The Reconstruction of Interaction Networks with Applications to Transcriptional Regulation.
5) Conditional Network Analysis Identifies Candidate Regulator Genes in Human B Cells.

</doc>
<doc id="20083950" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083950" title="Fu Jianbo">
Fu Jianbo

Fu Jianbo (sometimes referred to as Jianbo Fu in Western media) is a professional pocket billiards (pool) player from the People's Republic of China.
In 2007, Fu along with Li Hewen represented Team China in the World Cup of Pool where they won the title defeating Team Finland of Mika Immonen and Markus Juva. They would later win that same event three years later, this time against Team Philippines of Dennis Orcollo and Roberto Gomez.
Fu also won the 2008 International Challenge of Champions and its US$50,000 winner-take-all prize by defeating Dennis Orcollo.
In 2011, Fu reached the finals of the World Ten-ball Championship but only to lose to Huidji See.

</doc>
<doc id="20083979" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083979" title="Pogrebnyak">
Pogrebnyak

Pogrebnyak is a surname. Notable persons with that name include:

</doc>
<doc id="20083985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083985" title="Brasside">
Brasside

Brasside is a suburb of Durham, located in the civil parish of Framwellgate Moor in County Durham, England. It is situated to the north of Durham, and is near to the villages of Pity Me and Newton Hall.
Brasside is the location of Frankland Prison (for men), and Low Newton Prison (for women). Both establishments are maximum security prisons, holding some of the most violent and dangerous inmates within the British prisons system.
The theme park "Adventure Valley" is situated in Brasside.

</doc>
<doc id="20083999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20083999" title="Deurne railway station">
Deurne railway station

Deurne is a railway station in Deurne, Netherlands. The station opened on 1 November 1864 and is on the Venlo–Eindhoven railway. The station has 3 platforms, 1 where the stoptrein from Eindhoven terminates.
Train services.
The following services call at Deurne:
Bus services.
There are also some Buurtbus services operated here by Connexxion, the 462 and 467.

</doc>
<doc id="20084000" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084000" title="Cue sports at the 2007 Asian Indoor Games">
Cue sports at the 2007 Asian Indoor Games

Cue sports at the 2007 Asian Indoor Games was held in Macau International Convention Centre, Macau, China from 27 October to 2 November 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="20084005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084005" title="Philipsburg-Osceola School District">
Philipsburg-Osceola School District

Philipsburg-Osceola Area School District is a small, rural, public school district located in a region which straddles two central Pennsylvania counties. In Centre County it serves: Rush Township and Phillipsburg, Pennsylvania. In Clearfield County it serves: Wallaceton and Decatur Township, Chester Hill, Osceola Mills. It was created by the joining of Osceola High School and Philipsburg High School. The district encompasses approximately . According to 2000 federal census data, it serves a resident population of 14,228. By 2010, the Philipsburg-Osceola Area School District's population grew to 15,410 people. In 2009, the Philipsburg-Osceola Area School District residents’ per capita income was $15,752, while the median family income was $36,746. In the Commonwealth, the median family income was $49,501 and the United States median family income was $49,445, in 2010. 
According to District officials, in school year 2009-10, Philipsburg-Osceola Area School District provided basic educational services to 1,959 pupils through the employment of 159 teachers, 147 full-time and part-time support personnel, and 10 administrators. Philipsburg-Osceola Area School District received more than $14.3 million in state funding in school year 2009-10. In the 2007-08 school year, the Philipsburg-Osceola Area School District provided basic educational services to 2,026 pupils. It employed 165 teachers, 97 full-time and part-time support personnel, and 12 administrators.
District Schools.
There are currently 5 schools operating in the Philipsburg-Osceola Area School District.
Governance.
Philipsburg-Osceola Area School District is governed by 9 individually elected board members (serve four-year terms), the Pennsylvania State Board of Education, the Pennsylvania Department of Education and the Pennsylvania General Assembly. The federal government controls programs it funds like Title I funding for low-income children in the Elementary and Secondary Education Act and the No Child Left Behind Act, which mandates the district focus resources on student success in acquiring reading and math skills.
The Commonwealth Foundation for Public Policy Alternatives Sunshine Review gave the school board and district administration a "D" for transparency based on a review of "What information can people find on their school district's website". It examined the school district's website for information regarding; taxes, the current budget, meetings, school board members names and terms, contracts, audits, public records information and more.
Academic achievement.
In July 2012, the Pennsylvania Department of Education (PDE) released a report identifying a Philipsburg-Osceola Area School District elementary school as among the lowest-achieving schools for reading and mathematics in 2011. Osceola Mills Elementary School is one of the 15% lowest-achieving schools in the Commonwealth. Parents and students may be eligible for scholarships to transfer to another public or nonpublic school through the state's Opportunity Scholarship Tax Credit Program passed in June 2012. The scholarships are limited to those students whose family's income is less than $60,000 annually, with another $12,000 allowed per dependent. Maximum scholarship award is $8,500, with special education students receiving up to $15,000 for a year's tuition. Parents pay any difference between the scholarship amount and the receiving school's tuition rate. Students may seek admission to neighboring public school districts. Each year the PDE publishes the tuition rate for each individual public school district. Three public schools in Clearfield County are among the lowest-achieving Pennsylvania public schools in 2011 (also an elementary school in Dubois Area School District and an elementary school in the West Branch Area School District). According to the report, parents in 414 public schools (74 school districts) were offered access to these scholarships. For the 2012-13 school year, seven public school districts in Pennsylvania had all of their schools placed on the list, including: Sto-Rox School District, Chester Upland School District, Clairton City School District, Duquesne City School District, Farrell Area School District, Wilkinsburg Borough School District and Steelton-Highspire School District. Funding for the scholarships comes from donations by businesses which receive a state tax credit for donating.
Philipsburg-Osceola Area School District was ranked 404th out of the 498 ranked Pennsylvania school districts in 2012, by the Pittsburgh Business Times. The ranking was based on student academic achievement as demonstrated by the last 3 years of PSSA results in: reading, writing, math, and science. The PSSAs are given to all children in grades 3rd through 8th and the 11th grade in high school. Adapted examinations are given to children in the special education programs.
In 2009, the academic achievement of the students in the Philipsburg-Oseola Area School District was in the 13th percentile among Pennsylvania's 500 public school districts. Scale (0-99; 100 is state best)
District AYP history.
In 2012, Philipsburg=Osceola Area School District declined to Warning AYP status due to low graduation rate. In 2010 and 2011, Philipsburg-Osceola Area School District achieved Adequate Yearly Progress (AYP) status. In 2011, 94 percent of the 500 Pennsylvania public school districts achieved the No Child Left Behind Act progress level of 72% of students reading on grade level and 67% of students demonstrating on grade level math. In 2011, 46.9 percent of Pennsylvania school districts achieved Adequate Yearly Progress (AYP) based on student performance. An additional 37.8 percent of school districts made AYP based on a calculated method called safe harbor, 8.2 percent on the growth model and 0.8 percent on a two-year average performance.
Graduation rate.
In 2012, Philipsburg-Osceola Area School District's graduation rate was 77%. In 2011, the graduation rate was 85%. In 2010, the Pennsylvania Department of Education issued a new, 4-year cohort graduation rate. Philipsburg-Oseola High School's rate was 81% for 2010.
Senior high school.
Philipsburg-Osceola Area High School is located at 502 Philips Street, Philipsburg. In 2011, Philipsburg-Osceola Area High School had 635 students enrolled grades 9th through 12th. Two hundred forty two students received a free or reduced-price lunch due to family poverty. There were 47 full-time teachers. In 2011, the District reported that 10 core academic courses were taught by Non‐Highly Qualified Teachers. In 2012, the District reported that 4 core academic courses were taught by Non‐Highly Qualified Teachers.
In 2011, Philipsburg-Osceola High School declined to School Improvement AYP status due to low student achievement and a declining graduation rate. In 2011, the Philipsburg=Osceola High School declined to Warning status due to low student achievement in mathematics and reading. In 2010, Philipsburg=Osceola High School achieved AYP status. 
11th Grade Math:
Using a Right to Know request, parents learned that 130 high school students had an “F” in math in. In one 10th grade geometry class, 49 of the 84 students were failing in the Fall 2010.
Philipsburg-Osceola Academy of Learning.
The Philipsburg – Osceola Academy of Learning is an educational learning environment designed to meet the needs of students who desire to pursue their education in a non-traditional format. This competence based educational program offers a distance learning program that includes a variety of interactions with professional educators and opportunities to interact with peers of the students’ own age. Students use Plato Learning and Compass Odyssey curriuclum software along with web-based and/or correspondence courses.
AP courses.
For the 2010-11 academic year, the District offered five advanced placement (AP) courses. For 2011 the administration plans to provide 11 courses. These courses will include: U.S. history, U.S. government, world history, chemistry, physics, biology, English III, English IV, Spanish, statistics, and calculus AB.
Dual enrollment.
The high school offers a dual enrollment program. Philipsburg-Osceola School District has entered into Dual Enrollment Agreements with two colleges: Mount Aloysius College, Lock Haven University and Penn Highlands. This state program permits high school students to take courses, at local higher education institutions, to earn college credits. Students remain enrolled at their high school. The courses count towards high school graduation requirements and towards earning a college degree. The students continue to have full access to activities at their high school. The college credits are offered at a deeply discounted rate. The state offers a small grant to assist students in costs for tuition, fees and books. Under the Pennsylvania Transfer and Articulation Agreement, many Pennsylvania colleges and universities accept these credits for students who transfer to their institutions. For the 2010-11 funding year, the school district received a state grant of $2,444 for students who participated in the program.
Graduation requirements.
The Philipsburg-Osceola Area School Board has determined that 24 credits are required to graduate, including: English 4 credits, Math 4 credits, Science 4 credits, Social Studies 4 credits, Health 0.5 credits, Drivers Ed .25 credits, Physical Education 0.5 credits, Family/Consumer Science 0.5 credits, Arts/Humanities 2 credits, and electives 4.25 credits. Students must also demonstrate competency through the PSSA exams or local testing and must complete a Graduation Project.
By law, all Pennsylvania secondary school students must complete a project as a part of their eligibility to graduate from high school. The type of project, its rigor and its expectations are set by the individual school district. Effective with the graduating class of 2017, the Pennsylvania Board of Education has eliminated the requirement for students to complete a culminating project in order to graduate. 
By Pennsylvania School Board regulations, for the graduating class of 2017, students must demonstrate successful completion of secondary level course work in Algebra I, Biology, English Composition, and Literature for which the Keystone Exams serve as the final course exams. Students must pass the exam in order to graduate. In 2011, Pennsylvania high school students field tested the Algebra 1, Biology and English Lit exams. The statewide results were: Algebra 1 38% on grade level, Biology 35% on grade level and English Lit - 49% on grade level. Individual student, school or district reports were not made public, although they were reported to district officials by the Pennsylvania Department of Education. Students identified as having special needs and qualifying for an Individual Educational Program (IEP) may graduate by meeting the requirements of their IEP. The Pennsylvania 11th grade PSSA exams for science, math and reading were discontinued effective with the 2012-13 school year.
College remediation.
According to a Pennsylvania Department of Education study released in January 2009, 12% of Philipsburg-Osceola Area School District graduates required remediation in mathematics and or reading before they were prepared to take college level courses in the Pennsylvania State System of Higher Education or community colleges. Less than 66% of Pennsylvania high school graduates, who enroll in a four-year college in Pennsylvania, earn a bachelor's degree within six years. Among Pennsylvania high school graduates pursuing an associate degree, only one in three graduates in three years. Per the Pennsylvania Department of Education, one in three recent high school graduates who attend Pennsylvania's public universities and community colleges takes at least one remedial course in math, reading or English.
SAT scores.
In 2012, 90 Philipsburg-Osceola Area School District students took the SAT exams. The District's Verbal Average Score was 451. The Math average score was 467. The Writing average score was 437. The statewide Verbal SAT exams results were: Verbal 491, Math 501, Writing 480. In the USA, 1.65 million students took the exams achieving scores: Verbal 496, Math 514, Writing 488. According to the College Board the maximum score on each section was 800, and 360 students nationwide scored a perfect 2,400.
From January to June 2011, 97 Philipsburg-Osceola Area School District students took the SAT exams. The district's Verbal Average Score was 479. The Math average score was 483. The Writing average score was 464. Pennsylvania ranked 40th among state with SAT scores: Verbal - 493, Math - 501, Writing - 479. In the United States 1.65 million students took the exam in 2011. They averaged 497 (out of 800) verbal, 514 math and 489 in writing.
Junior high school.
Philipsburg-Osceola Junior High School is located at 100130 North 6th Street, Philipsburg. According to the National Center for Education Statistics, in 2011, the school reported an enrollment of 293 pupils in grades 7th and 8th, with 132 pupils receiving a federal free or reduced-price lunch due to family poverty. The school employed 29 teachers, yielding a student–teacher ratio of 9:1. According to a report by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 1 teacher was rated "Non‐Highly Qualified" under No Child Left Behind. In 2010 the school had 302 pupils with 140 qualifying for a free or reduced-price lunch due to family poverty. There were 30 faculty members. Philipsburg-Osceola Junior High was closed at the end of the 2012 school year. Grades 7th and eight will be housed at the former North Lincoln Hill Elementary building.
In 2012, Philipsburg-Osceola Junior High School achieved AYP status under No Child Left Behind. In 2011, Philipsburg-Osceola Junior High School declined to Warning status due to low student achievement. In the 2009-10 school year, the school achieved AYP status. 
Elementary schools.
North Lincoln Hill Elementary School is located at 200 Short Street, Philipsburg. In 2010 there were 337 students grades kindergarten through sixth grade, served by 21.87 teachers. One hundred seventy one students qualified for a free or reduced-price lunch. In 2010 and 2010 the school achieved AYP. For school year 2010-11, in grades 3rd-6th, 65% were reading on grade level, while 73% were on grade level in math achievement.
6th Grade Reading:
6th Grade Math:
5th Grade Reading:
5th Grade Math:
Osceola Mills Elementary School is located at 400 Coal Street, Osceola Mills. In 2010 there were 314 students grades kindergarten through sixth grade, served by 23.97 teachers. One hundred eighty students qualified for a free or reduced-price lunch. For the 2011-12 school year, the School was reorganized to provide kindergarten through 4th grade. It is a Title I School.
In 2012 Osceola Mills Elementary School declined to Warning AYP status due to lagging achievement in reading. In 2010 and 2010 the School achieved AYP status. For school year 2010-11, in grades 3rd-6th, 60% were reading on grade level, while 68% were on grade level in math achievement.
6th Grade Reading:
6th Grade Math:
5th Grade Reading:
5th Grade Math:
Philipsburg Elementary School is located at 1810 Black Moshannon Road, Philipsburg. In 2010 there were 366 students grades kindergarten through sixth grade, served by 28 teachers. One hundred eighty three students qualified for a free or reduced-price lunch. In 2010 and 2010 the school achieved AYP. For school year 2010-11, in grades 3rd-6th, 70% were reading on grade level, while 83% were on grade level in math achievement. 
6th Grade Reading:
6th Grade Math:
5th Grade Reading:
5th Grade Math:
Bullying policy.
The school district administration reported there were 4 incidents of bullying in the district in 2009.
The Philipsburg-Osceola Area School Board has provided the district's antibully policy online. All Pennsylvania schools are required to have an anti-bullying policy incorporated into their Code of Student Conduct. The policy must identify disciplinary actions for bullying and designate a school staff person to receive complaints of bullying. The policy must be available on the school's website and posted in every classroom. All Pennsylvania public schools must provide a copy of its anti-bullying policy to the Office for Safe Schools every year, and shall review their policy every three years. Additionally, the district must conduct an annual review of that policy with students. The Center for Schools and Communities works in partnership with the Pennsylvania Commission on Crime & Delinquency and the Pennsylvania Department of Education to assist schools and communities as they research, select and implement bullying prevention programs and initiatives.
Education standards relating to student safety and antiharassment programs are described in the 10.3. Safety and Injury Prevention in the Pennsylvania Academic Standards for Health, Safety and Physical Education.
Wellness policy.
Philipsburg-Osceola Area School Board established a district wellness policy in 2006 - Policy 246. The policy deals with nutritious meals served at school, the control of access to some foods and beverages during school hours, age appropriate nutrition education for all students, and physical education for students K-12. The policy is in response to state mandates and federal legislation (P.L. 108 - 265). The law dictates that each school district participating in a program authorized by the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act (42 U.S.C. 1751 et seq) or the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 1771 et seq) "shall establish a local school wellness policy by School Year 2006." The Superintendent annually reports to the Board on the district’s compliance with law and policies related to student wellness.
The legislation placed the responsibility of developing a wellness policy at the local level so the individual needs of each district can be addressed. According to the requirements for the Local Wellness Policy, school districts must set goals for nutrition education and physical education that are aligned with the Pennsylvania State Academic Standards for Health, Safety and Physical Education, campus food provision, and other school-based activities designed to promote student wellness. Additionally, districts were required to involve a broad group of individuals in policy development and to have a plan for measuring policy implementation. Districts were offered a choice of levels of implementation for limiting or prohibiting low nutrition foods on the school campus. In final implementation these regulations prohibit some foods and beverages on the school campus. This includes classroom party guidelines from the Pennsylvania Department of Education. The Pennsylvania Department of Education required the district to submit a copy of the wellness policy for approval.
Special education.
In December 2010, the district reported that 326 students or 16% received special education services. In December 2009, the district administration reported that 279 pupils or 14% of the district's pupils received Special Education services. 
The District engages in identification procedures to ensure that eligible students receive an appropriate educational program consisting of special education and related services, individualized to meet student needs. At no cost to the parents, these services are provided in compliance with state and federal law; and are reasonably calculated to yield meaningful educational benefit and student progress. To identify students who may be eligible for special education, various screening activities are conducted on an ongoing basis. These screening activities include: review of group-based data (cumulative records, enrollment records, health records, report cards, ability and achievement test scores); hearing, vision, motor, and speech/language screening; and review by the Instructional Support Team or Student Assistance Team. When screening results suggest that the student may be eligible, the District seeks parental consent to conduct a multidisciplinary evaluation. Parents who suspect their child is eligible may verbally request a multidisciplinary evaluation from a professional employee of the District or contact the Director of Student Services.
In 2010, the state of Pennsylvania provided $1,026,815,000 for special education services. This funding is in addition to the state's basic education per pupil funding, as well as, all other state and federal funding. The Pennsylvania Special Education funding system assumes that 16% of the district’s students receive special education services. It also assumes that each student’s needs accrue the same level of costs. The state requires each district to have a three year special education plan to meet the unique needs of its special education students. Overidentification of students, in order to increase state funding, has been an issue in the Commonwealth. Some districts have more than 20% of its students receiving special education services while others have 10% supported through special education. 
Philipsburg-Osceola School District received a $1,229,110 supplement for special education services in 2010. For the2012-13 and 2011-12 school year, all Pennsylvania public school districts received the same level of funding for special education that they received in 2010-11. This level funding is provided regardless of changes in the number of pupils who need special education services and regardless of the level of services the respective students required.
Gifted education.
The District Administration reported that fewer than 10 students were gifted in 2009. By law, the district must provide mentally gifted programs at all grade levels. The referral process for a gifted evaluation can be initiated by teachers or parents by contacting the student’s building principal and requesting an evaluation. All requests must be made in writing. To be eligible for mentally gifted programs in Pennsylvania, a student must have a cognitive ability of at least 130 as measured on a standardized ability test by a certified school psychologist. Other factors that indicate giftedness will also be considered for eligibility.
StAR Team.
In accordance with Pennsylvania Act 211, the Students At Risk (StAR) team consists of faculty members who have been specially trained to assist students with drug, alcohol or emotional problems. A student becomes involved in StAR when an individual (friend, parent, teacher...etc.) who is concerned about the welfare of the student makes his or her concern known to the StAR team.
Budget.
In 2011, the District reported employing 174 teachers, with the average teacher salary in Philipsburg-Osceola Area School District was $59,132 a year, while the cost of the benefits teachers receive was $17,344 per employee, for a total annual average teacher compensation of $76,476. The highest salary was $152,060 paid to the superintendent.
In 2009, the school administration reported employing over 160 teachers with a salary range of $38,000 to $89,000. The average teacher's salary is $44,635. Additionally, the teachers receive a defined benefit pension, health insurance, life insurance, daily class preparation time is provided, reimbursement for travel expenses, professional development reimbursement, personal days - 4, sick days - 10 days, bereavement days 3 and other benefits. Additionally, teachers are given prime consideration for all non teaching positions, including ticket takers, score keeps etc. 
In 2007, the district employed 145 teachers. The average teacher salary in the district was $48,409 for 180 days worked. As of 2007, Pennsylvania ranked in the top 10 states in average teacher salaries. When adjusted for cost of living Pennsylvania ranked fourth in the nation for teacher compensation. 
The district administrative costs per pupil in 2008 were $736.61 per pupil. This ranked 270th out of 500 school districts in Pennsylvania. The lowest administrative cost per pupil in Pennsylvania was $398 per pupil.
The Philipsburg Osceola Area School District reports spending $11,739 per pupil which ranked 305th among Pennsylvania school districts. In 2010, the school district reported spending $16,944.25 per pupil.
In January 2009, the Pennsylvania Auditor General conducted a performance audit of the district. The findings were reported to the school board and school administration. In 2011, the District was audited again. Several findings were reported to the school board, including that POASD had not taken appropriate corrective action in implementing recommendations from the 2009 audit.
Reserves In 2008, the district reported a $1,978,077 in an unreserved-undesignated fund balance. The unreserved - designated fund balance was reported as zero. In 2010, the unreserved-undesignated fund balance was $3,351,630 and the unreserved - designated fund balance was repoted as zero.
The Philipsburg-Osceola Area School District is funded by a combination of: a local earned income tax, a per capita tax, a property tax, a real estate transfer tax 0.5%, coupled with substantial funding from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and the federal government. Grants can provide an opportunity to supplement school funding without raising local taxes. In the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, pension income and Social Security income are exempted from state personal income tax and local earned income tax, regardless of the level wealth.
State basic education funding.
For the 2012-13 school year, the Philipsburg-Osceola Area School District received $10,767,344. The Governor's Executive Budget for 2012-2013 included $9.34 billion for kindergarten through 12th grade public education, including $5.4 billion in basic education funding, which was an increase of $49 million over the 2011-12 budget. In addition, the Commonwealth provided $100 million for the Accountability Block grant program. The state also provided a $544.4 million payment for School Employees’ Social Security and $856 million for School Employees’ Retirement fund called PSERS.  This amount is a $21,823,000 increase (0.34%) over the 2011-2012 appropriations for Basic Education Funding, School Employees' Social Security, Pupil Transportation, Nonpublic and Charter School Pupil Transportation.
In 2011-12, the District received a $10,625,325 allocation, of state Basic Education Funding. Additionally, the School District received $141,854 in Accountability Block Grant funding. The enacted Pennsylvania state Education budget includes $5,354,629,000 for the 2011-2012 Basic Education Funding appropriation. This amount is a $233,290,000 increase (4.6%) over the enacted State appropriation for 2010-2011. The highest increase in state basic education funding was awarded to Duquesne City School District, which got a 49% increase in state funding for 2011-12. In 2010, the District reported that 901 students received free or reduced-price lunches, due to the family meeting the federal poverty level.
For the 2010-11 budget year, the Philipsburg Osceola Area School District was allotted a 3.02% increase in state Basic Education Funding for a total of $11,556,069. Penns Valley Area School District received 5.17% increase which was the highest increase among Centre County public school districts. In Clearfield County, the highest increase went to Dubois Area School District with a 7.76% increase in state funding. One hundred fifty Pennsylvania school districts received the base 2% increase. For 2010-11, highest increase in Pennsylvania went to Kennett Consolidated School District in Chester County which received a 23.65% increase in state basic education funding (BEF). The state's hold harmless policy regarding state basic education funding continued where each district received at least the same amount as it received the prior school year, even when enrollment had significantly declined. The amount of BEF increase each Pennsylvania public school district received was set by the Governor Edward G. Rendell and Secretary of Education Gerald Zahorchak as a part of the state budget proposal given each February.
In the 2009-2010 budget year the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania provided a 5.57% increase in Basic Education funding for a total of $11,217,673. The state Basic Education funding to the Philipsburg Osceola Area School District in 2008-09 was $10,625,325. This was the highest state basic education funding increase awarded to schools in Centre County and among the school districts in Clearfield County. Muhlenberg School District of Berks County received an increase of 22.31 percent, which was the highest increase award in the budget year. Sixteen Pennsylvania public school districts received an increase in funding of over 10 percent in BEF for 2009-10. Ninety school district received the base 2% increase. The amount of increase each school district received was set by Governor Edward G. Rendell and the Secretary of Education Gerald Zahorchak, as a part of the state budget proposal. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, Pennsylvania spent $7,824 Per Pupil in the year 2000. This amount increased up to $12,085 by the year 2008.
According to the Pennsylvania Department of Education, 856 Philipsburg-Osceola Area School District students received free or reduced-price lunches due to low family income in the 2007–08 school year.
Accountability Block Grants.
Beginning in 2004-2005, the state launched the Accountability Block Grant school funding. This program has provided $1.5 billion to Pennsylvania’s school districts. The Accountability Block Grant program requires that its taxpayer dollars are focused on specific interventions that are most likely to increase student academic achievement. These interventions include: teacher training, all-day kindergarten, lower class size K-3rd grade, literacy and math coaching programs that provide teachers with individualized job-embedded professional development to improve their instruction, before or after school tutoring assistance to struggling students, For 2010-11 the district applied for and received $385,025 in addition to all other state and federal funding. The Phillipsburg Osceola Area School District uses the funding to provide full-day kindergarten for 56 students, for the fifth year and to extend instruction for struggling students.
Classrooms for the Future grant.
The Classroom for the Future state program provided districts with hundreds of thousands of extra state funding to buy laptop computers for each core curriculum high school class (English, Science, History, Math) and paid for teacher training to optimize the computers use. The program was funded from 2006-2009. Philipsburg Osceola Area School District received $41,152 in 2006-07. In 2007-08 it received $250,000. In 2008-09, the district received $43,137 for a total funding of $334,289.
Literacy grant.
Philipsburg-Osceola Area School District was awarded a $654,514 competitive literacy grant. It is to be used to improve reading skills birth through 12th grade. The district was required to develop a lengthly literacy plan, which included outreach into the community. The funds come from a Striving Readers Comprehensive Literacy grant, also referred to as the Keystones to Opportunity grant It is a five-year, competitive federal grant program designed to assist local education agencies in developing and implementing local comprehensive literacy plans. Of the 329 pre-applications by school districts reviewed by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, School District was one of only 148 entities that were invited to submit a full application. In County 5 school districts and one charter school were awarded funding for one year. The funds must be used for teacher training to improve their instruction, student screening and assessment, targeted interventions for students reading below grade level and research-based methods of improving classroom instruction and practice. Districts must hire literacy coaches. The coaches work with classroom teachers to enhance their literacy teaching skills. Pennsylvania was among six other states, out of the 35 that applied, to be awarded funding. Pennsylvania received $38 million through the federal program. The Department of Education reserved 5% of the grant for administration costs at the state level.
Environmental Education Grant.
The Environmental Education Grant Program was established by the Environmental Education Act of 1993, which mandates that 5 percent of all pollution fines and penalties collected annually by the Department of Environmental Protection be set aside for environmental education. In 2011, POA School District was awarded $698 for North Lincoln Hill Elementary School first grade students will participate in a field trip program to the Shaver's Creek Environmental Center.
Other grants.
Philipsburg=Osceola Area School District did not participate in: Science Its Elementary grants, or Education Assistance grants.
Federal Stimulus funding.
The district received $1,621,248 in ARRA - Federal Stimulus money to be used in specific programs like special education and meeting the academic needs of low-income students. The funding is for the 2009-10 school year and the 2010-2011 school year. Due to the temporary nature of the funding, schools were repeatedly warned to use the funds for one-time expenditures like acquiring equipment, making repairs to buildings, training teachers to provide more effective instruction or purchasing books and software.
Race to the Top.
Philipsburg Osceola Area School District officials did not apply for the Race to the Top federal grant which would have brought the district nearly one million additional federal dollars for improving student academic achievement. Participation required the administration, the school board and the local teachers' union to sign an agreement to prioritize improving student academic success. In Pennsylvania, 120 public school districts and 56 charter schools agreed to participate. Pennsylvania was not approved for the grant. The failure of districts to agree to participate was cited as one reason that Pennsylvania was not approved.
Common Cents state initiative.
The Philipsburg Osceola Area School Board decided to not participate in the Pennsylvania Department of Education Common Cents program. The program called for the state to audit the district, at no cost to local taxpayers, to identify ways the district could save tax dollars. After the review of the information, the district was not required to implement the recommended cost savings changes.
Real estate taxes.
Philipsburg Osceola Area School Board set property tax rates for 2012 at 51.5600 mills for residents in Centre County and 115.500 mills for residents in Clearfield County. A mill is $1 of tax for every $1,000 of a property's assessed value. Irregular property reassessments have become a serious issue in the commonwealth as it creates a significant disparity in taxation within a community and across a region. Property taxes, in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, apply only to real estate - land and buildings. The property tax is not levied on cars, business inventory, or other personal property. Certain types of property are exempt from property taxes, including: places of worship, places of burial, private social clubs, charitable and educational institutions and government property. Additionally, service related, disabled US military veterans may seek an exemption from paying property taxes. Pennsylvania school district revenues are dominated by two main sources: 1) Property tax collections, which account for the vast majority (between 75-85%) of local revenues; and 2) Act 511 tax collections, which are around 15% of revenues for school districts. The school district includes municipalities in two counties, each of which has different rates of property tax assessment, necessitating a state board equalization of the tax rates between the counties. In 2010, miscalculations by the board were widespread in the Commonwealth and adversely impacted funding for many school districts.
According to a report prepared by the Pennsylvania Department of Education, the total real estate taxes collected by all school districts in Pennsylvania rose from $6,474,133,936 in 1999-00 to $10,438,463,356 in 2008-09 and to $11,153,412,490 in 2011. The average yearly property tax paid by Clearfield County residents amounts to about 2.83% of their yearly income. Clearfield County ranked 707th of the 3143 United States counties for property taxes as a percentage of median income. Center County residents pay 3.34% of their yearly income in property taxes which ranked 438th in the USA.
Act 1 Adjusted index.
The Act 1 of 2006 Index regulates the rates at which each school district can raise property taxes in Pennsylvania. Districts are not permitted to raise taxes above that index unless they allow voters to vote by referendum, or they seek an exception from the state Department of Education. The base index for the 2011-2012 school year is 1.4 percent, but the Act 1 Index can be adjusted higher, depending on a number of factors, such as property values and the personal income of district residents. Act 1 included 10 exceptions, including: increasing pension costs, increases in special education costs, a catastrophe like a fire or flood, increase in health insurance costs for contracts in effect in 2006 or dwindling tax bases. The base index is the average of the percentage increase in the statewide average weekly wage, as determined by the PA Department of Labor and Industry, for the preceding calendar year and the percentage increase in the Employment Cost Index for Elementary and Secondary Schools, as determined by the Bureau of Labor Statistics in the U.S. Department of Labor, for the previous 12-month period ending June 30. For a school district with a market value/personal income aid ratio (MV/PI AR) greater than 0.4000, its index equals the base index multiplied by the sum of .75 and its MV/PI AR for the current year.
The School District Adjusted Index for the Philipsburg Osceola Area School District 2006-2007 through 2010-2011.
For the 2012-13 budget year, Philipsburg-Osceola Area School Board did not apply for exceptions to exceed the Act 1 Index. For 2012-2013, 274 school districts adopted a resolution certifying that tax rates would not be increased above their index; 223 school districts adopted a preliminary budget leaving open the option of exceeded the Index limit. For the exception for pension costs, 194 school districts received approval to exceed the Index. For special education costs, 129 districts received approval to exceed the tax limit.
For the 2011-12 school year, the Philipsburg Osceola Area School Board did not apply for an exception to exceed the Act 1 Index. Each year, the Philipsburg Osceola Area School Board has the option of adopting either 1) a resolution in January certifying they will not increase taxes above their index or 2) a preliminary budget in February. A school district adopting the resolution may not apply for referendum exceptions or ask voters for a tax increase above the inflation index. A specific timeline for these decisions is published annually, by the Pennsylvania Department of Education.
According to a state report, for the 2011-2012 school year budgets, 247 school districts adopted a resolution certifying that tax rates would not be increased above their index; 250 school districts adopted a preliminary budget. Of the 250 school districts that adopted a preliminary budget, 231 adopted real estate tax rates that exceeded their index. Tax rate increases in the other 19 school districts that adopted a preliminary budget did not exceed the school district’s index. Of the districts who sought exceptions: 221 used the pension costs exemption and 171 sought a Special Education costs exemption. Only 1 school district sought an exemption for Nonacademic School Construction Project, while 1 sought an exception for Electoral debt for school construction.
The Philipsburg-Osceola Area School Board did not apply for an exception to exceed the Act 1 Index for the budget year 2010-2011. In the Spring of 2010, 135 Pennsylvania school boards asked to exceed their adjusted index. Approval was granted to 133 of them and 128 sought an exception for pension costs increases.
Property tax relief.
In 2010, property tax relief of $348 was provided for approved residents of Philipsburg-Osceola Area School District. The greatest tax relief in Pennsylvania went to the Chester Upland School District of Delaware County set at $632 in 2009 and $641 in 2010. The relief was subtracted from the total annual school property tax bill. Property owners apply for the relief through the county Treasurer's office. Farmers can qualify for a farmstead exemption on building used for agricultural purposes. The farm must be at least 10 contiguous acres and must be the primary residence of the owner. Farmers can qualify for both the homestead exemption and the farmstead exemption. In Centre County, 72% of eligible property owners applied for property tax relief in 2009. In Clearfield COunty 70% of property owners applied.
Additionally, the Pennsylvania Property Tax/Rent Rebate program is provided for low income Pennsylvanians aged 65 and older; widows and widowers aged 50 and older; and people with disabilities age 18 and older. The income limit is $35,000 for homeowners. The maximum rebate for both homeowners and renters is $650. Applicants can exclude one-half (1/2) of their Social Security income, consequently people who have an income of substantially more than $35,000 may still qualify for a rebate. Individuals must apply annually for the rebate. This can be taken in addition to Homestead/Farmstead Property Tax Relief.
Property taxes in Pennsylvania are relatively high on a national scale. According to the Tax Foundation, Pennsylvania ranked 11th in the U.S. in 2008 in terms of property taxes paid as a percentage of home value (1.34%) and 12th in the country in terms of property taxes as a percentage of income (3.55%).
Extracurriculars.
The school offers a variety of clubs, activities and an extensive, costly sports program. Eligibility to participate is determined by the school board. An eligibility check is made each week by the Athletic Director for students participating in sports. 
By Pennsylvania law, all K-12 students in the district, including those who attend a private nonpublic school, cyber charter school, charter school and those homeschooled, are eligible to participate in the extracurricular programs, including all athletics. They must meet the same eligibility rules as the students enrolled in the district's schools.
Sports.
The District funds:
According to PIAA directory July 2012

</doc>
<doc id="20084017" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084017" title="Mitra (Conan)">
Mitra (Conan)

Mitra is a fictional deity from the Hyborian Age works of Robert E. Howard. In the "Conan the Barbarian" series of stories by Howard, Mitra is a popular god among the Hyborian peoples, a personification of good.
He is probably loosely based on the Vedic and Zoroastrian figure by the same name, and in the Hyborian universe, his worship generally represents Christianity.
Mitra is the chief god of most of the civilized Hyborian kingdoms, including Aquilonia, Ophir, Nemedia, Brythunia, Corinthia, and Zingara. His worshippers are monolatristic, since at least one tale depicts priests of Mitra recognizing the existence of another deity (Set). He is depicted as a "gentle" god.
The Mitran cult does not practice sacrifice and values aesthetic simplicity. Thus his shrines are usually unadorned and feature little or no iconography except for a single idol. The idol itself has the appearance of an idealized male figure and is the primary direction of Mitran worship. However, being omnipresent and incorporeal, Mitra is not considered to reside in the icon, nor share its appearance. He is also symbolically represented by a phoenix in Howard's writing and by an Ankh in the Age of Conan MMORPG.
Mitra, along with Crom, is mentioned in the cartoon Conan the Adventurer. There he is the god of Jezmine, Conan's love interest. She says, "By Mitra!" in times of danger.
Mitra is also mentioned by the pirate Valeria in the story "Red Nails".

</doc>
<doc id="20084029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084029" title="Lycée Français de Chicago">
Lycée Français de Chicago

The Lycee Francais de Chicago is a private coeducational day school, offering a dual French and English curriculum from Pre-K through 12th grade . The Lycée is founded on the French National Curriculum as defined by the French Ministry of Education and complemented by a strong English language arts program. 
History.
The private school was founded in 1995 by a group of French and American parents, with backing from French businesses and the support of the Consul General of France in Chicago. The Lycée is accredited by the French Ministry of Education and is listed on the official directory of the French Schools in Foreign Countries as part of a French worldwide network which includes over 450 schools outside France. The school is also registered with the Illinois Board of Education and accredited by the Independent School Association of Central States (ISACS). The Lycée Français de Chicago opened with 134 students. Today the school has over 600 students representing more than 30 nationalities. Including French, American, Russian, Turkish, Pakistani, Canadian, English, Serbian, Haitian, Chinese, Polish, and many more.
Campus.
The Lycee's campus is at Irving Park Road and Lake Shore Drive in Chicago's Lakeview neighborhood.
In the school year of 2015-16 a new building will be opened.
Curriculum.
The school has a structural curriculum mandated by the French Ministry of Education and an English curriculum developed using guidelines from the National Council of Teachers of English and the State of Illinois.
The program conforms to the French system. It is broken down into subdivisions that roughly correspond to those in the American school system: pre-kindergarten, junior kindergarten and kindergarten, elementary school (1st through 5th grades), middle school (6 through 9th grades), and high school (10th through 12th grades).
The program from pre-K through 5th grade is divided into cycles: cycle 1 (pre-kindergarten, junior kindergarten and kindergarten), cycle 2 (1st and 2nd grade) and cycle 3 (3rd through 5th grade).
Middle school ("collège") comprises grade 6 through 9. Instruction is structured according to subjects: French, English, mathematics, history, geography, civics, biology, technology, art, music and physical education. Beginning in grade 7 students also study physics and in both grade 6 and grade 8 they study an additional foreign language.
Grades 10, 11 and 12 define high school in the French system and those 3 years are known as "lycée". During the "lycée" years students choose a track with emphasis on different courses: track L (literature), ES (economics and social sciences) or S (sciences).
The "lycée" years, as well as the curriculum as a whole, prepare the students for the French general Baccalaureate examination and the international option of the French Baccalaureate. With the Baccalaureate degree, students of the Lycée Français de Chicago can enter selective American or European schools, colleges, or universities.
The Lycee also offers a course of study leading to the International Baccalaureate Diploma Programme for English-speaking students entering the 9th and 10th grade.

</doc>
<doc id="20084044" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084044" title="Rudis Corrales">
Rudis Corrales

Rudis Alberto Corrales Rivera (born November 6, 1979 in Sociedad, Morazan, El Salvador) is a Salvadoran footballer.
Club career.
Corrales' professional career began in 1997, when he signed a contract with Municipal Limeño. He officially made his debut that same year on November 29, in a league match against Dragón.
On September 9, 2007 in a league match against Alianza F.C. Corrales became only the seventh person is Salvadoran league history to score 100 goals, a feat which has only been matched by Salvadoran greats Raúl Díaz Arce, Williams Reyes, Emiliano Pedrozo, Adonai Martínez, Hugo Coria and David Arnoldo Cabrera.
On December 19, 2010, it was announced that he signed a two year contract with Alianza.
In January 2012, Corrales joined Dragón. In April 2012 he suffered a stroke which partially paralyzed his face.
International career.
Corrales made his debut for El Salvador in a May 2001 UNCAF Nations Cup match against Nicaragua and has, as of December 2010, earned a total of 71 caps, scoring 16 goals. He has represented his country in 20 FIFA World Cup qualification matches and played at the 2001, 2003, 2005 and 2009 UNCAF Nations Cups as well as at the 2002, 2003 and 2009 CONCACAF Gold Cups.
On February 6, 2008 in a FIFA World Cup qualification match against Anguilla, Corrales became the first player in Salvadoran history to score five goals in a World Cup qualifier. The previous record was held by legendary Salvadoran striker Raúl Díaz Arce, who had scored four goals against Saint Vincent and the Grenadines in the 2002 World Cup qualifiers.
He made his most memorable goal on a FIFA World Cup qualification match against Costa Rica on September 9, 2009. Scoring a goal at the 90th minute that gave life back to El Salvador in this Qualification Stage.

</doc>
<doc id="20084048" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084048" title="Otto Friedrich Bollnow">
Otto Friedrich Bollnow

Otto Friedrich Bollnow (; 14 March 1903 in Stettin – 7 February 1991 in Tübingen) was a German philosopher and teacher.
He was born the son of a rector in Stettin in what was then northwest Germany (now Szczecin, Poland) and went to school in the town of Anklam. After gaining his Abitur (school leaving certificate) he studied mathematics and physics at Göttingen University, where he was influenced by the philosopher Herman Nohl. Bollnow received a doctorate in physics in 1925 and successfully completed his habilitation at Göttingen in 1931. He taught at Göttingen for some years without being appointed to the faculty. Bollnow was a member of the Militant League for German Culture.
In 1939 he moved to Gießen then briefly to Kiel, to Mainz and finally in 1953 to a chair in contemporary philosophy, philosophical anthropology and ethics at Tübingen. He taught at Tübingen until his retirement in 1970.
Bollnow concerned himself with the foundations of philosophy and with phenomenology and existential philosophy. He developed the work of Wilhelm Dilthey on hermeneutics and was concerned with the philosophical foundations of pedagogy.
In 1980 he received the Lessing-Prize—a literary and cultural honour endowed by German freemasons.

</doc>
<doc id="20084050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084050" title="Rania Zeriri">
Rania Zeriri

Rania Zeriri (born January 6, 1986 in Enschede, Netherlands) is a Dutch singer.
Personal life.
Rania Zeriri grew up in the Netherlands as daughter of a Dutch mother and an Algerian father who left the family when she was still very young. After finishing school with a General Certificate of Secondary Education (Mittlere Reife) she moved at the age of 17 to Salamanca to study Spanish. Later she acquired a hotel animation diploma and than worked mainly on Ibiza and Fuerteventura where she also started to perform as singer in hotels. After she reached the Top 10 of the fifth season of the German television contest "Deutschland sucht den Superstar" (DSDS) she resigned from her job and moved to Gronau-Epe in Germany to live with her mother.
Zeriri was born with holes in her vocal cords. Her dark voice is the result of an operation which was necessary in order to close the inborn holes using laser treatment. This caused her difficulties to sing high notes and in the falsetto register.
In 2010 Zeriri started to study at the Enschede Conservatory a branch of ArtEZ. She also works as a reporter with the regional broadcaster "TV Enschede FM".
Music career.
Rania Zeriri gained national recognition as contestant and 'Top 5' finalist in the 2008 German "Idol" version "Deutschland sucht den Superstar" (DSDS) broadcast by RTL. She finished in fifth place.
After the DSDS show Zeriri performed throughout Germany and performed before the final of the European Football Championship at the fan area at the Brandenburg Gate, Berlin, in front of several hundred thousand visitors. Zeriris debut solo maxi single "Crying Undercover" was released on 14 November 2008 by the record label "Kontor Records". The title song was written for the singer by Achim Jannsen, a writer who produced several cover-songs for Jan Wayne, together with the musician Claas P. Jambor, a member of the "Zeichen der Zeit" project. The CD contains also the song "Cursed And Blessed" written by Zeriri in 2006 and the video of the title song.
DSDS controversies.
Although Rania Zeriri started the last phase of the competition as one of the favourites she received later controversial press coverage, especially from the German newspaper "Bild". On April 24, 2008 "Bild" appeared with an article suggesting that contestants of the show might have used drugs in the dressing room area singling out Zeriri as potential culprit. However, the accusation was never proven and Zeriri made new headlines when she publicly voiced her opinion that a requested drug test should not only include the contestants but also the jury, openly stated her increasing discomfort in participating in the show and directly criticised the juror Dieter Bohlen.

</doc>
<doc id="20084060" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084060" title="St Wynwallow's Church, Landewednack">
St Wynwallow's Church, Landewednack

St Wynwallow's Church, Landewednack, is the parish church of Landewednack parish in Cornwall, United Kingdom. It is the most southerly church in mainland Britain and is situated approximately ten miles (16 km) south of Helston.
The church is dedicated to St Winwaloe and is Church of England. It was founded about 600 AD and the oldest part of the current building is the twelfth century Norman doorway. The church was restored in the thirteenth century when the porch was added and in the fifteenth century with a new window in the tower. It is now a Grade I listed building. The last Cornish language sermon was preached here in 1674 though this claim has also been made for the churches of Towednack and Ludgvan.
St Wynwallow's Church is part of a group of parishes comprising:
Bells and organ.
The bells were cast around 1550. One of these survives and is on display in the church. Another survives in the ring of six in the tower, with four dating from 1937-38.
The pipe organ was installed in a newly constructed organ chamber in 1861 but was replaced in 1993 by an electronic organ.

</doc>
<doc id="20084088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084088" title="Suede discography">
Suede discography

The discography of the English alternative rock band Suede consists of six studio albums, three compilation albums, four video albums and over twenty singles. Suede were formed in 1989 by singer Brett Anderson, bassist Mat Osman and guitarist Justine Frischmann. Guitarist Bernard Butler later joined after the group responded to an ad in the "Melody Maker". The group played as a four-piece with a drum machine until drummer Simon Gilbert joined. Frischmann left before the group released any material.
Despite the media frenzy that surrounded the group, their debut single "The Drowners" peaked at only number 49 on the UK singles chart. It would not be until the release their third single, "Animal Nitrate", that Suede would break into the top ten, with the song peaking at number seven following their performance of it at the 1993 BRIT Awards.
Suede became associated with the Britpop movement of the period and achieved commercial success throughout the United Kingdom, with three of the group's five studio albums charting at number one. Their popularity throughout the rest of the world varied throughout the group's lifetime, but had several charting hits in Sweden and Finland. Suede's commercial success in the United States was limited, and due to a lawsuit with an American singer with the same name, the group had to change its name for the American market to The London Suede. Despite the lack of commercial success in the U.S., the four studio albums released in America all charted on "Billboard"s Top Heatseekers chart, though the group never charted on the Billboard 200. Suede also had tree minor hits in the U.S., with "Metal Mickey" peaking at number seven on the Modern Rock Tracks in 1993, "Everything Will Flow" charting at number 28 on the Hot Dance Music/Club Play chart in 1999 and Hit Me in 2013.
Butler left while the band were recording "Dog Man Star" and was soon replaced by Richard Oakes. Keyboardist Neil Codling joined the group for "Dog Man Star"'s follow-up "Coming Up". Following a commercial resurgence with "Coming Up" and 1999s "Head Music", Codling left in 2001 due to complications with Chronic Fatigue Syndrome and was replaced by former Strangelove keyboardist Alex Lee.
After a long and expensive recording span, "A New Morning" was released in 2002 and was a commercial and critical disappointment in the U.K. The first single released from "A New Morning", "Positivity", became the group's only single to chart in Canada, and peaked at number one in Denmark.
In November 2003, Suede released the compilation album "Singles" which included all 19 of their previously released singles, and also contained two new songs, "Attitude" (itself released as a single along with the non-album "Golden Gun" to promote the album) and "Love the Way You Love Me". Following the release of "Singles" Suede announced they were disbanding at the end of 2003.
Reforming in 2010 to play a concert for the Teenage Cancer Trust Foundation [http://www.nme.com/news/suede/50361], they were so thrilled with their reception that they decided to extend this one- off into a full blown reunion. This led to the release of 'Bloodsports' in March 2013 and its subsequent run of singles.
Studio albums.
^ Also charted at #2 the UK Indie Chart

</doc>
<doc id="20084089" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084089" title="Derketo (Conan)">
Derketo (Conan)

Derketo is a goddess worshipped in the Conan the Barbarian series of stories by Robert E. Howard. She is apparently a goddess of death. Derketo is described as being popular in Shem, Stygia, and Kush.
Howard's Derketo may have been based on the historical Aphrodite Derceto or Atargatis of ancient Syria.
References.
Appearances in Conan stories:

</doc>
<doc id="20084108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084108" title="Foreign hostages in Somalia">
Foreign hostages in Somalia

The following is a list of known foreign hostages captured in Somalia, particularly since the start of the second and third phases of the civil war.

</doc>
<doc id="20084109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084109" title="Paul Parish Church">
Paul Parish Church

Paul Parish Church is a parish church in the Church of England located in Paul, Cornwall, UK.
History.
The church is said to have been founded in 490 by Paul Aurelian, a Welsh saint. The church building is medieval but was largely destroyed in a raid by the Spanish in 1595. It was rebuilt by 1600.
The parish tower is constructed of granite with double buttresses. It is 89 ft tall and is surmounted with a turret tall, which serves as a daymark for shipping. The tower contains six bells: three by Abraham Rudhall date from 1727, and three from 1950.
The Cornish language writers Nicholas Boson, Thomas Boson and John Boson are all buried in the churchyard, and a monument in the church by John Boson (to Arthur Hutchens, d. 1709) is the only surviving lapidary inscription in traditional Cornish. Within the village churchyard there is a memorial to Dolly Pentreath, reputedly and disputedly the last native speaker of Cornish. The memorial was placed there by Louis Lucien Bonaparte, a relative of Napoleon Bonaparte, and the Vicar of Paul in the 19th century.

</doc>
<doc id="20084123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084123" title="Kipoi, Ioannina">
Kipoi, Ioannina

Kipoi (), also known as Bagia () is a village in the region of Zagori. It belongs to the municipal unit of Tymfi, Ioannina regional unit, Greece. The Greek name derives from the many gardens in the surrounding areas (Greek Κήποι=Gardens). The name "Bagia" is slavic and means "warm (and low) place". The village has the lowest latitude of all Zagori villages. It is built on a rocky hill, in the southern end of Vikos Gorge.
History and Culture.
Kipoi was once the centre of Zagori. After the Balkan Wars and the liberation of Epirus in 1913, the people of Kipi demanded that Kipoi becomes the capital of Zagori, because it is the most central village and because it once was the "capital".
In Kipoi, the traditional architectural style of Epirus is well preserved, with stone built roads and dwellings. Not far from the villages lies a three arched stone bridge, of the 18th century ("illustration"). The bridge is also a unique tourist attraction of today, on the local road to central Zagori, just out of the village.
Today, the museum of the famous collector Agapios Tolis is located in Kipoi, where more than 40.000 exhibits are included.

</doc>
<doc id="20084130" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084130" title="World War II casualties of the Soviet Union">
World War II casualties of the Soviet Union

World War II casualties of the Soviet Union from all related causes were over 20,000,000, both civilians and military, although the statistics vary to a great extent largely because these figures are currently disputed. During the Soviet era information on casualties was considered top secret, later in the Glasnost period information on Soviet World War II casualties was published. In 1993 a study by the Russian Academy of Sciences estimated total Soviet population losses due the war at 26.6 million, including military dead of 8.7 million calculated by the Russian Ministry of Defense. These figures have been accepted by most historians outside of Russia. However the figure of 8.7 million military dead has been disputed by some historians in Russia because it is in conflict with the official database of the Central Defense Ministry Archive (CDMA) which lists the names of roughly 14 million dead and missing servicemen.
Military losses.
Krivosheev's analysis.
A 1993 Russian Ministry of Defense report authored by a group headed by general G. I. Krivosheev detailed Soviet military casualties in World War II. The sources for their analysis were Soviet reports from the field and other archive documents that were secret during the Soviet era, including a secret Soviet General Staff report from 1966-1968. Krivosheev's study which puts Soviet military dead and missing at 8.7 million is often cited by historians. However Krivosheev's analysis has been disputed by some independent researchers in Russia (see section below on criticism of Krivosheev).
The schedules below summarize Krivosheev's analysis.
Source of Figures:G. I. Krivosheev. "Soviet Casualties and Combat Losses". Greenhill 1997 ISBN 978-1-85367-280-4 Pages 51–97
The Schedule below summarizes Soviet casualties from 1941-1945.
Source of Figures:G. I. Krivosheev. "Soviet Casualties and Combat Losses". Greenhill 1997 ISBN 978-1-85367-280-4 Pages 85–97 and G. I. Krivosheev Rossiia i SSSR v voinakh XX veka: Poteri vooruzhennykh sil ; statisticheskoe issledovanie OLMA-Press, 2001 ISBN 5-224-01515-4 page 237
Source of Figures: G. I. Krivosheev. "Soviet Casualties and Combat Losses". Greenhill 1997 ISBN 978-1-85367-280-4 Pages 85–97
Krivoshhev wrote "According to German sources 673,000 died in captivity. Of the remaining 1,110,300, Soviet sources indicate that over half also died captivity". He also noted that according to German records on May 1, 1944 823,230 Soviet POW had been released for service in Germany industry (concentration camps) and 877,980 were held in OKW POW camps. By January 1945 930,287 were held in POW camps and 750,000 were working in Germany industry (concentration camps).
The report of G. I. Krivosheev shows that of all the men serving in the military during the war, there were about 4,559,000 reported missing (including 3,396,400 per field reports and an additional 1,162,600 estimated by Krivosheev), out of which 500,000 were missing and presumed dead, 939,700 were conscripted back into the Soviet army during the war as territories were being liberated, 1,836,000 returned to the U.S.S.R. after the war, remaining balance of 1,103,300 died in German captivity as POW or while in German service. In a 1999 article Krivosheev noted that 2,016,000 POW survived the war, of which 1,836,000 POWs are known to have returned to the U.S.S.R. after the war and another 180,000 liberated POWs who most likely emigrated to other countries. This does not agree with Krivosheev's figure of 2.5 million POW dead listed in his separate analysis of POWs published in 2001.
Discharged during war of 9,693,000 includes( sent on sick leave 3,798,200; transferred to work in industry, anti-aircraft defense and armed guards 3,614,600; sent to NKVD troops and organs 1,174,600; transferred to Polish, Czechoslovak and Romanian armies 250,400; imprisoned 436,600; discharged 206,000; missing in rear areas 212,400)
Red Army & Navy strength- June 1945 12,840,000 includes (11,390,600 on active service; in hospital 1,046,000; in civilian departments 403,200)
Source of Figures:G. I. Krivosheev. "Soviet Casualties and Combat Losses". Greenhill 1997 ISBN 978-1-85367-280-4 Pages 85–97
Source of Figures:G. I. Krivosheev. "Soviet Casualties and Combat Losses". Greenhill 1997 ISBN 978-1-85367-280-4 Page 89
Source of Figures:G. I. Krivosheev. "Soviet Casualties and Combat Losses". Greenhill 1997 ISBN 978-1-85367-280-4 Pages 85–97
Krivosheev's group estimated losses for the early part of the war, because in the crucial period of 1941-1942 no surrounded or defeated divisions sent any reports on their casualties, the field reports from that period regarded by military historians as being unreliable.
Total wounded and sick includes: Wounded 15,205,592; Sick 3,047,675; Frostbite cases 90,881
According to the field reports the number of wounded and sick was 18,344,148, however the records of the military medical service show a total of 22,326,905. According to Krivosheev the difference can be explained by the fact that the sick and wounded figures of the medical service include sick personnel who did not take part in the fighting.
Total losses by age group according to Krivosheev
Source:G. I. Krivosheev Rossiia i SSSR v voinakh XX veka: Poteri vooruzhennykh sil ; statisticheskoe issledovanie OLMA-Press, 2001 ISBN 5-224-01515-4 Page 236
Criticism of Krivosheev.
Krivosheev's analysis has generally been accepted by historians, however his study has been disputed by some independent researchers in Russia.
The main points of the criticism of Krivosheev are as follows:
POW deaths.
Krivosheev's analysis puts Soviet military POW dead at about 1.1 million, however most estimates by Western historians for Soviet prisoners of war deaths is about 3 million out of 5.7 million total POW's in German hands. Russian researcher Vadim Erlikman puts Soviet military dead at 10.6 million; he maintains that Soviet military casualties should also include the deaths of an additional estimated 1,500,000 conscripted reservists captured before being listed on active strength as well as draft age men treated as military POW by Germany, also about 150,000 militia and 250,000 Soviet partisan dead. However, according to Krivosheev the figure of 3.0 million POW dead probably includes partisans, militia, and many civilian men of military age taken as POW, they are considered civilian deaths in his figures. According to S. A. Il’enkov, Krivosheev's analysis obviously conflicts with the Russian Military Archives database of individual war dead, which still lists over 7 million missing soldiers and sergeants alone, as well as opinions of the highest ranking Russian officials.
Lopukhovsky and Kavalerchik dispute Krivoshhev's analysis of POW dead. According to the reconciliation of Krivosheev's figures by Lopukhovsky and Kavalerchik 4,059,000 were taken as POW, 939,700 were later liberated during the war and drafted again; 1,836,000 were liberated after the war; 180,000 emigrated after the war, 1,023,230 were released during the war by the Germans' less (159,000) escaped and 239,100 were dead as POW(5.9%). It should be pointed out that the figure of 239,100 Soviet POW dead does not appear in Krivoshev's book. This figure was derived by Lopukhovsky and Kavalerchik. In fact Krivoshhev wrote "According to German sources 673,000 died in captivity. Of the remaining 1,110,300, Soviet sources indicate that over half also died captivity".
Reconciliation of persons conscripted.
In 2000 the late Dr. S. N. Mikhalev of the History department of Krasnoyarsk State Pedagogical University published a critical analysis of the official Russian wartime casualty statistics, From 1989 to 1996 Mikhalev was an associate of the Institute of Military History of the Ministry of Defence. Mikalev estimated actual Soviet military war dead at more than 10.9 million persons. He maintained that the official figures cannot be reconciled to the total men drafted and that POW deaths were understated. Mikhalev believed that the official figure of 26.6 million war dead should not be regarded as definitive. In 1995 the Russian Academy of Science published his analysis of the demographic balance of the USSR in the war that indicated total losses ranging from 21.240 million to 25.854 million, with the mid range being 23.568 million total war dead. Mikhalev pointed out that the figures for total war deaths are based on a range of possible estimates for the pre-war population in 1939 and the population of the that are by no means certain.
The following schedule shows the reconciliation of losses of the field reports to the actual number of mobilized persons
Notes:
A. Strength Red Army June 1941- Mikhalev excludes Construction troops whose casualties were not included in the field reports.B. Drafted during war -Excludes those drafted twice.C.Discharged during war-Includes those sent on sick leave, those sent to industry, NKVD or foreign units and 437,000 imprisoned after sentencingD. Red Army strength June 1945-Mikhalev excludes 403,000 Construction troops whose casualties were not included in the field reports and 437,000 imprisoned after sentencing already deducted in number of dischargedE.Conscripted reservists captured in 1941 before being listed on active strength. Mikhalev maintains that they were a military operational losses that should be included with total casualtiesF. MIA Re-conscripted were men conscripted back into the Soviet army during the war as territories were being liberated. Mikhalev maintains that they should not be deducted because were included in the Red Army strength in June 1945 and that the number conscripted excludes those drafted twice.G.NKVD & Border Troops -Mikhalev adds these losses to the total because they were not part of the Red Army balance in June 1945.H.Losses in the Far East August 1945- Mikhalev adds these losses to the total because they were not part of the Red Army balance in June 1945
Russian Military Archives database of individual war dead.
The analysis of Krivosheev and Mikhalev is based on the field reports of the Red Army and the reconciliation of the balance for persons conscripted. An alternative method to determine Soviet war losses is the Russian Military Archives database of individual war dead. S. A. Il’enkov, an official of the Central Archives of the Russian Ministry of Defense writing in the "Journal of Slavic Military Studies", maintained that "complex military situation at the front did not always allow for the conduct of a full accounting of losses." He pointed out that reports from the field units did not include deaths in rear area hospitals of wounded personnel. Il’enkov maintains that the information in the Russian Military Archives alphabetical card-indexes can assist in solving the problem of determining the total number of Soviet military war dead. In an article published by the Central Archives of the Russian Ministry of Defense Il’enkov described the work of the archives to reconcile database of individual war dead. He believes the work has progressed to the point where we can determine an accurate accounting of war losses. Il’enkov concluded by stating "We established the number of irreplaceable losses of our Armed Forces at the time of the Great Patriotic War of about 13,850,000. A more recent compilation made in March 2008 of the individuals listed in the card files puts total dead and missing at 14,241,000 (13,271,269 enlisted men and 970,000 officers) This database is incomplete and does not include all men killed in the war; currently graves registration teams in Russia are identifying war dead that are not currently included in the database.
Historical revisionism in Russia.
Some researchers in Russia dispute the official figures of 8.7 million military dead and the total population loss of 26.6 million. These critics base their arguments on their own analysis of documents in the Soviet archives and on alternative demographic models of the Soviet population during the Stalin era. They maintain that the Russian government should conduct new investigations on losses suffered in the war.
Total number of male war dead.
The study by Andreev, Darski and Karkova (ADK) put total Soviet population losses at 26.6 million, the authors did not dispute Krivoshev's report that put military dead at 8.7 million, however according to the study total war deaths were 20.1 million males and 6.6 million females, a difference of 13.5 million more males. In mid-1941there were 8.3 million more females in the Soviet population, by 1946 this gap was 22.8 million more females than males, an increase of 13.5 million. The study by Krivoshev put the number of persons who served military from 1941-1945 at 34.4 million and the war dead and missing at 8.7 million, 25% of the total in service. According to David Glantz the Red Army conscripted men well under the age of 18 years and exceeding the age of 55 years. In the study by (ADK) the number of males in the age groups from 18 to 55 is 57 million and the total excess war dead 16.7 million. In the age groups 18 to 55 about 23 million men did not serve during the war, yet there 8 million were excess war dead, 35% of the men in this age group not in military service
Rebuttal by Krivosheev.
In 2002 G.F. Krivosheev, author of the 1993 official study of military casualties, defended the results of his report that found 8.668 million military war dead. Krivosheev maintains that the figures were derived in a scientific manner by a team of professional researchers who had access to the military archives. He also maintains that the results of the study reflect a realistic view of casualties based on the military operational situation during the war. Krivosheev believes that the Central Archives data base of individual war dead is not reliable because some personnel records are duplicated and others omitted
Civilian losses.
In 1995 a paper published by the Russian Academy of Science M. V. Philimoshin put the civilian death toll in the regions occupied by Germany at 13.7 million. Philimoshin cited sources from Soviet era to support his figures, he used the terms "genocide" and "premeditated extermination" when referring to deaths of 7.4 million civilians in the occupied USSR caused by the direct, intentional actions of violence. Civilians killed in reprisals during the Soviet partisan war account for a major part of the huge toll. The report of Philimoshin lists the deaths of civilian forced laborers in Germany totaling 2,164,313. G. I. Krivosheev in the report on military casualties gives a total of 1,103,300 POW dead. The total of these two figures is 3,267,613, which is in close agreement with estimates by western historians of about 3 million deaths of prisoners in German captivity. In the occupied regions Nazi Germany had a policy of forced confiscation of food that resulted in the famine deaths of an estimated 6% of the population, 4.1 million persons.
According to M. V. Philimoshin there were in addition to the above losses civilian deaths during the Siege of Leningrad; 641,000 due to starvation and 17,000 killed by artillery fire. Also these figures do not include an additional 451,100 persons who did not return to the USSR after 1946.
Source: The figures for civilian losses are taken from a report published by the Russian Academy of Science "Human Losses of the USSR in the Period of WWII: Collection of Articles" (In Russian). Saint-Petersburg, 1995. ISBN 978-5-86789-023-0 -M. V. Philimoshin of the War Ministry of the Russian Federation "About the results of calculation of losses among civilian population of the USSR and Russian Federation 1941-1945" Pages 124-131
Total population losses.
Studies by E.M. Andreev, L.E. Darski and T. L. Kharkova (ADK).
"Population of the Soviet Union 1922-1991"
Russian demographers E.M. Andreev, L.E. Darski and T. L. Kharkova (ADK) authored a study of the Soviet population from 1922-1991 which was published by the Russian Academy of Science in 1993. They estimated total Soviet population losses of 26.6 million in the war. This is the current official Russian government figure for total losses. These losses are a demographic estimate of excess deaths, not an exact accounting of losses. The main areas of uncertainty when calculating losses were the estimated figures for increase in the Soviet population in the territories annexed from 1939–1945 and the loss of population due to emigration during and after the war. The figures also include victims of Soviet repression as well as the deaths of Soviet citizens in German military service. Michael Haynes has noted that "We do not know the total number of deaths as a result of the war and related policies". We do know that the demographic estimate of excess deaths was 26.6 million plus an additional 11.9 million natural deaths of persons born before the war and 4.2 million children born during the war that would have occurred in peacetime, bringing the total dead to 42.7 million. At this time the actual total number of deaths caused by the war is unknown since among the 16.1 million "natural deaths" some would have died peacefully and others as a result of the war.
Source:E.M. Andreev, L.E. Darski and T. L. Kharkova (ADK) Naselenie Sovetskogo Soiuza, 1922–1991. Moscow, Nauka, 1993
Notes:
1-Births and natural deaths during war are rough estimates since no accurate records were kept for vital statistics.
2-Figures do not include an estimated 20 million children that were not born during war.
3-According to Michael Haynes at this time the actual total number of deaths caused by the war is unknown since among the deaths by natural causes some would have died peacefully and others as a result of the war.
3- ADK points out that the beginning population in 1941 and at the ending population at 1/1/1946 are rough estimates since figures for the territories annexed in 1939-1940 and emigration from the USSR during the war are based fragmentary information.
Total War Deaths by Age Group and Gender
Source:Andreev, EM, et al., "Naselenie Sovetskogo Soiuza, 1922–1991". Moscow, Nauka, 1993. ISBN 978-5-02-013479-9 Page 78 (Population of the Soviet Union 1922-1991 Russian Academy of Science)
Remarks:
Age Group 0-14- The deaths of 2.8 million children was due primarily to the famine and disease caused by the war.
Age Group 15-19 The excess deaths of 724,000 males compared to females was due primarily to military losses. The draft age in the USSR was 18 during the war.
Age Group 20-34 The excess deaths of 6,342,000 males compared to females was due primarily to military losses. The deaths of 2,663,000 women is an indication that women were also involved in the partisan war and became victims of Nazi reprisals.
Age Group 35-49 The excess deaths of 5,358,000 males compared to females was due primarily to military losses.
Age Group over 49 The excess deaths of 1,038,000 males compared to females was due primarily to military losses.
Some men from the older age group did serve in the Armed Forces. They were involved in the partisan war and became victims of Nazi reprisals.
All Age Groups- The excess deaths of 13,489,000 males compared to females was due primarily to military losses with the regular forces as well the partisan forces. The figures are a clear indication that many Soviet civilians died in the war as a result of Nazi reprisals as well as famine and disease caused by wartime shortages which took a large toll.
B. "Demographic History of Russia 1927–1959"
In the study "Demographic History of Russia 1927–1959" Andreev, Darski and Kharkova (ADK) analyzed the 1946 voters lists of the Soviet elections. They maintain that the 1946 voters lists were not an accurate source for the determination of war losses. The February 1946 population taken from the list of voters in Soviet elections compared to the 1939 census shows demographic gap between males and females of 22.8 million, over 14-million more than with Krivoshev's report that put military dead at 8.7 million. The authors maintained that many young men were missed from the voters lists. They also maintain that the 1946 voters lists did not include 6.4 million persons deprived of their rights, in prison or in exile. They also noted that there was an overestimation of women of older years because persons in rural areas without internal passports sought to avoid compulsory heavy labor by adding years of age. The gap in the 1946 list of voters correlates with 20.9 million gap revealed by the Population Census of 1959, though in this case one has to take into account the prewar census of 1939 which had a gap of 8.0 million more females including a 3.4 million gap in 1886–1927 years of birth and a higher rate of male deaths by natural causes.
Alternative sources of demographic losses.
According to the Russian demographer Dr. L. L. Rybakovsky there are a wide range of estimates for total war dead by Russian scholars. He cites figures of total war dead that range from 21.7 million up to 46 million. Rybakovsky points out that the variables that are used to compute losses are by no means certain and are currently disputed by historians in Russia. Estimates for the population in mid 1941 range from 191.8 million up to 200.1 million; the figures for the surviving population at the end of 1945 range from 167.0 million up to 170.6 million. Based on the birth rate prior to the war there is a population shortfall of about 20 million births in 1946, some would have been born but died during the war and the balance were never born. The figures for the number of children born during the war who did not survive as well as those unborn are rough estimates. Estimates for the population of the territories annexed by the Soviet Union in 1939-45 range from 17 to 23 million persons. The Russian demographer L. L. Rybakovsky estimated the actual population in 1941 at 196.7 million.
L. L. Rybakovsky has provided a list of the various estimates of Soviet war losses by Russian scholars since 1988.
A. Currently the figure used by Russian government sources.
Estimated losses of each Soviet Republic.
Estimates by former republics of the Soviet Union
The contemporary nations that were part of the former Soviet Union dispute the official military casualties published by Krivosheev and are proud of their sacrifices as being the dearest contribution to the common victory. In a live broadcast of December 16, 2010 "A Conversation with Vladimir Putin" the then Prime Minister of Russia maintained that the Russian Federation had suffered the greatest losses in World War II — 70 per cent of the total. Official estimates by the former republics of the USSR claim military casualties exceeding those of Krivosheev's report by 3.5 times. It is claimed by the website sovsekretno.ru that there are no Memory Books published in the USSR, Russia and the other contemporary republics in 80s and 90s listing casualties of 25 per cent of the draft or less, but there are many Memory Books with 50 per cent and more with some telling us of 70, 75, 76 and up to 79 per cent mortality rate among the conscripted.
(A) The Ukrainian authorities and historians ardently dispute these figures. They put the military casualties alone may be estimated as exceeding 7 million, according to the final volume of the Ukrainian Book "In the memory of posterity" and research of V. E. Korol, writes an American (former Soviet) Doctor of History Vilen Lyulechnik. A President of the Ukraine Victor Yanukovych maintains, that the Ukraine has lost more than 10 million lives during the Second World War. The military casualties alone may be estimated as exceeding 7 million, according to the final volume of the Ukrainian Book "In the memory of posterity" and research of V. E. Korol, writes an American (former Soviet) Doctor of History Vilen Lyulechnik.
(B) According to a Belorussian military historian, Doctor of History, professor V.Lemeshonok, the Belorussian military casualties, including partisans and underground group members, exceed 682,291.
(C) The Memory Book of Tatarstan Government contains names of about 350,000 inhabitants of the republic, mostly tatars.
(D) An Israeli historian Itskhak Arad maintains that about 200,000 Soviet Jews or 40 per cent of all draft were killed in battles or captivity — the highest percentage of all nations of the USSR.
(E) Kazakhstan estimates its military casualties at 601,029.
(F) Armenians estimate their military casualties at over 300,000.
(G) Georgians also estimate their military casualties at over 300,000.
(I) Among the others Azerbaidzhans claim military casualties of 300,000 
, Bashkirs of about 300,000, Mordvas of 130,000 and Chuvashes of 106,470. But one of the most tragic figures comes from a Far Eastern republic of Yakutia and its small nation. 37,965 citizens, mostly yakuts, or 60.74 per cent of 62,509 drafted have not returned home with 7,000 regarded missing. About 69,000 died of severe famine in the republic. This nation could not restore its population even under 1959 census. The record breaking estimates of 700,000 military casualties out of a total 1,25 million Turkmenian citizens (with slightly less than 60 per cent being Turkmens) are attributed to the late President of Turkmenistan Saparmurat Niyazov. Historians do not regard them trustworthy.
The casualties of each Soviet Republic estimated by Vadim Erlikman
Erlikman pegs total war deaths at 10.7 million, exceeding Krivosheev's 8.7 million by an extra two million. This extra two million would presumably include Soviet POWs that died in Nazi captivity, partisans, and those who fought on the side of the Axis (for example, Moldova was a part of Romania at the time).
OBD Memorial database of Soviet war dead.
The names of Soviet war dead are presented at the OBD(Central Data Bank) Memorial database online.
Causes.
The Red Army suffered catastrophic losses of men and equipment during the first months of the German invasion., In the spring of 1941 Stalin ignored the warnings of his intelligence services of a planned German invasion and refused to put the Armed forces on alert. The units in the border regions were not prepared to face the German onslaught and were caught by surprise. Large numbers of Soviet soldiers were captured and many perished due to the brutal mistreatment of POWs by the Nazis U.S. Army historians maintain the high Soviet losses can be attributed to 'less efficient medical services and the Soviet tactics, which throughout the war tended to be expensive in terms of human life"
Russian scholars attribute the high civilian death toll to the Nazi Generalplan Ost which treated the Soviet people as "subhuman". Contemporary Russian sources use the terms "genocide" and "premeditated extermination" when referring to civilian losses in the occupied USSR. To suppress the partisan units the Nazi occupation forces engaged in a campaign of brutal reprisals against innocent civilians. The extensive fighting destroyed agricultural land, infrastructure, and whole towns, leaving much of the population homeless and without food. The Nazis confiscated food stocks which resulted in famine in the occupied regions. During the war Soviet civilians were taken to Germany as forced laborers under inhuman conditions.
The estimates and their sources.
Estimates for Soviet losses in the Second World War range from 7 million to over 43 million. During the Communist era in the Soviet Union historical writing about World War II was subject to censorship and only official approved statistical data was published. In the USSR during the Glasnost period under Gorbachev and in post communist Russia the casualties in World War II were re-evaluated and the official figures revised.
Official Soviet era estimates made 1946 to 1987.
Joseph Stalin in March 1946 stated that Soviet war losses were 7 million dead. This was to be the official figure until the Khrushchev era. In November 1961 Nikita Khrushchev stated that Soviet war losses were 20 million, this was to be the official figure until the Gorbachev era of Glasnost. Leonid Brezhnev in 1965 put the Soviet death toll in the war at “more than 20 million” Ivan Konev at in a May 1965 Soviet Ministry of Defense press conference stated that Soviet military dead in World War II were 10 million. In 1971 the Soviet demographer Boris Urlanis put losses at 20 million including 6,074,000 civilians and 3,912,000 prisoners of war killed by Nazi Germany, military dead were put at 10 million
Period of Glasnost 1988 to 1992.
During the period of Glasnost the official figure of 20 million war dead was challenged by Soviet scholars. In 1988-1989 estimates of 26 to 28 million total war dead appeared in the Soviet press. The Russian scholar Dmitri Volkogonov writing at this time estimated total war deaths at 26-27,000,000 including 10,000,000 in the military In March 1989 Mikhail Gorbachev set up a committee to investigate Soviet losses in the war. In a May 1990 speech Gorbachev gave the figure for total Soviet losses at "almost 27 million". This revised figure was the result of research by the committee set up by Gorbachev that estimated total war dead at between 26 and 27 million . In January 1990 M.A. Moiseev Chief of the General Staff of the Soviet Armed Forces disclosed for the first time in an interview that Soviet military war dead totaled 8,668,400.
From 1942-1946 the Soviet Extraordinary State Commission collected information on Nazi crimes in the USSR. The reports of the Commission detailing the number of civilian deaths were kept secret until the collapse of the USSR. In 1991 the Russian scholar A.A. Shevyakov published an article with summary of civilian losses based on the reports of this commission, civilian dead were given as 17.7 million In a second article in 1992 A.A. Shevyakov gave a figure of 20.8 million civilian dead, no explanation for the difference was given.
Figures released in Russia 1993-1995.
In 1993 the Russian Russian Ministry of Defense published a study by Krivosheev that gave a detailed accounting of Soviet military losses for the campaigns in the war, total Soviet military dead and missing were put at 8,668,400. These figures were based on an official report of the Soviet General Staff from 1966-1968 that was previously classified secret. A report published by the Russian Academy of Science in 1993 estimated that the total Soviet population losses were 26.6 million. This is a current official figure for total losses in the war. In 1995 the Russian Academy of Science published an article that analyzed Soviet civilian losses in the war. They estimated civilian deaths in the German occupied USSR at 13.7 million, which includes 7.4 million victims of Nazi genocide and reprisals; 2.2 million deaths of persons deported to Germany for forced labor; and 4.1 million famine and disease deaths in occupied territory. They also estimated an additional 3 million deaths due to famine and disease in the regions not occupied by Germany
Estimates by Russians published in the West 1950-1983.
In 1949 a Soviet Colonel Kalinov defected to the west, he published a book claiming that Soviet records indicated the military loss of 13.6 million men including 2.6 million POW dead. Sergei Maksudov a Russian demographer living in the west estimated Soviet war losses at between 24.5 and 27.4 million, including 7.5 million military dead. The Soviet mathematician Iosif G. Dyadkin published a study in the United States that estimated the total Soviet population losses from 1939–1945 due to the war and political repression at 30 million. Dyadkin was imprisoned for publishing this study in the west.
Estimates of Soviet war dead by Western scholars.
Historians writing outside of the Soviet Union and Russia have evaluated the various Russian language sources and have offered their estimates of Soviet war dead. Here is a listing of estimates by recognized scholars published in the West.
Sources.
"In the English Language"
G. I. Krivosheev. Soviet Casualties and Combat Losses. Greenhill 1997 ISBN 978-1-85367-280-4
Michael Haynes, Counting Soviet Deaths in the Great Patriotic War: a Note Europe Asia Studies Vol.55, No. 2, 2003, 300–309
Michael Ellman and S. Maksudov, Soviet Deaths in the Great Patriotic War:a note-World War II- "Europe Asia Studies", July 1994
Boris SokolovThe cost of war: Human losses for the USSR and Germany, 1939-1945 The Journal of Slavic Military Studies Volume 9, Issue 1 March 1996
Boris Urlanis, Populations and Wars Progress Moscow 1971
Iosif G. Dyadkin, Unnatural Deaths in the Ussr, 1928-1954 Transaction 1983
S. A. Il'Enkov Concerning the registration of Soviet armed forces' wartime irrevocable losses, 1941-1945 The Journal of Slavic Military Studies Volume 9, Issue 2 June 1996
"In the Russian Language"
S. N Mikhalev Liudskie poteri v Velikoi Otechestvennoi voine 1941- 1945 gg: Statisticheskoe issledovanie Krasnoiarskii gos. pedagog. universitet • 2000 ISBN 978-5-85981-082-6. Mikhalev's book is available in libraries in the U.S. and the UK
Российская академия наук (Russian Academy of Sciences). Людские потери СССР в период второй мировой войны: сборник статей (Human Losses of the USSR in the Period of World War II: Collection of Articles). Saint-Petersburg, 1995. ISBN 978-5-86789-023-0
Andreev, EM, et al., "Naselenie Sovetskogo Soiuza, 1922–1991". Moscow, Nauka, 1993. ISBN 978-5-02-013479-9
A. A. Shevyakov "“Gitlerovski genotsid na territoriyakh SSR.”" Sotsiologicheskie issiedovaniya, 12, 1991 This article by a researcher at the Russian Academy of Science is a brief summary of the work of the Soviet Extraordinary State Commission.
A. A. Shevyakov "“Zhertvy sredi mirnogo nasseleniya v gody otechestvennoi voiny”" Sotsiologicheskie issiedovaniya, 11, 1992 This article by a researcher at the Russian Academy of Science gives a detailed breakdown by locality of civilian losses in the occupied USSR based on the reports of the Soviet Extraordinary State Commission.
L L Rybakovsky The Great Patriotic War Russian Human Losses (In Russian) Sotsiologicheskie issiedovaniya, 2001. № 6.
Л.Л. РЫБАКОВСКИЙЛЮДСКИЕ ПОТЕРИ СССР В ВЕЛИКОЙ ОТЕЧЕСТВЕННОЙ ВОЙНЕ LL Rybakovsky Casualties of the USSR in the Great Patriotic War In Russian Sotsiologicheskie issiedovaniya, 2000. № 8.
Б.В. Соколов ЦЕНА ВОЙНЫ:ЛЮДСКИЕ ПОТЕРИ СССР И ГЕРМАНИИ, 1939-1945 Boris Sokolov, Truth about the Great Patriotic War 1998 ( In Russian) Russian translation of the article that appeared in the Journal of Slavic Military Studies # 3 1996.
S. A. Il’enkov "Pamyat O Millionach Pavshik Zaschitnikov Otechestva Nelzya Predavat Zabveniu" Voennno-Istoricheskii Arkhiv No. 7(22), Central Military Archives of the Russian Federation 2001, pp. 73–80 ISBN 978-5-89710-005-7,"The Memory of those who Fell Defending the Fatherland Cannot be Condemned to Oblivion" In Russian -Available at the New York Public Library

</doc>
<doc id="20084135" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084135" title="Scott Gardenhour">
Scott Gardenhour

Scott Gardenhour (born March 10, 1961) is the co-founder and executive producer of the Emmy award-winning commercial production house, The Institute.
Gardenhour began his career as an independent producer before joining Propaganda Films, the prolific music video and film production house that launched the careers of Michael Bay, David Fincher, David Lynch, Spike Jonze and Mark Romanek, to name a few. Working closely and consistently with Bay, a then young director hoping to break into the commercial world, Gardenhour honed his skills collaborating on numerous large-scale music video projects before producing Bay's seminal, award-winning "Aaron Burr" and "Baby Cat" spots for the original 'Got Milk?' campaign. That same year Bay was awarded the DGA's Outstanding Directorial Achievement in Commercials for their work together.
Gardenhour went on to become Executive Producer, and then Vice President of Propaganda's Commercial Division. Having led one of the world's most influential production houses to be recognized with the industry's highest honor, the Palme D'Or for the best production company at the Cannes Lions International Festival of Creativity, while becoming a seasoned producer in the process, Gardenhour made the decision to branch out on his own.
In 2001, Gardenhour and Bay's collaboration continued with the opening of The Institute, a commercial production company founded on their shared belief that the discipline of advertising could be effectively applied to the big business of entertainment. From the top grossing film of all time, Pearl Harbor, to Armageddon, Coyote Ugly and Transformers, his impressive blockbuster credits are proof that he's on to something. Gardenhour will be the first to tell you that, because of his experience in the commercial world, he approaches the movie business from a disciplined brand perspective. This philosophy and approach is more relevant now than ever with the evolution of branded entertainment and new media. With a roster that speaks to his vision, Gardenhour has curated an impressive roster of talent that ranges from Top Gear USA director and BAFTA Brit to Watch, Rupert Smith, to acclaimed film director Tim Story.
Since opening their doors eleven years ago, Scott has guided successful campaigns for the likes of Audi, Nike, AT&T and Toshiba, including the Emmy Award-winning commercial, 'Required Reading', for Hallmark that originated as a spec spot, concepted and created by The Institute.
He has been invited by The Wharton School of Business to discuss the discipline of brands and the value that holds to Hollywood as a means to successfully develop, produce and market entertainment products.
Gardenhour finished shooting photography as Executive producer on Bay's next film, Pain and Gain, set for release in Spring 2013, and is in pre-production on the upcoming feature film, "Theseus" with Kira Madallo Sesay's company Kalliope Films. 
The Institute.
In 2001, Scott Gardenhour and Michael Bay partnered to start, The Institute, aka The Institute for the Development of Enhanced Perceptual Awareness an Emmy Award-winning production company. The firm is focused on commercial advertising, branded entertainment, feature films and content development for the globalized, webbed world.
In 2006, The Institute garnered an Emmy Award in the category of Outstanding Commercial, for Hallmark's "Required Reading."
The Institute represents a varied roster of commercial and feature directors such as Michael Bay, Oliver Castro, Marco Gentile, Rupert Smith, Tim Story, and Prakash Varma.

</doc>
<doc id="20084163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084163" title="Thomas Laycock">
Thomas Laycock

Thomas Laycock (1786 – 7 November 1823) was an English soldier, explorer, and later businessman, who served in North America during the War of 1812, but is most famous for being the first European to travel overland through the interior of Tasmania (then known as Van Diemen's Land).
Early life.
Thomas Laycock was the son of Thomas (1756–1809) and Hannah Laycock (née Pearson, 1758–1831). Whilst the details of his birth are unknown, it is known that he was baptised in London, and arrived in Sydney as a nine year old with his mother on 21 September 1791 aboard "HMS Gorgon", as part of the Third Fleet. His father, Thomas, had been a quartermaster in the New South Wales Corps, who had also arrived in Sydney aboard "HMS Gorgon".
He soon entered service with the New South Wales Corps, and had been commissioned as ensign on 30 December 1795. A natural soldier, he rose to lieutenant by 1802. After service in both Sydney and Norfolk Island, Laycock was sent to Port Dalrymple, Van Diemen's Land to serve under Captain Anthony Fenn Kemp in 1806.
Van Diemen's Land.
Arriving in Van Diemen's Land in 1806, Laycock found the northern settlement of Port Dalrymple to be stricken with famine. He was immediately entrusted with a mission to convey dispatches for Lieutenant-Governor David Collins in Hobart Town. No journey into the interior of the island had yet been attempted. Laycock set out on horseback, on 3 February 1807 with four other men from the New South Wales Corps, carrying three weeks provisions each.
They followed the course of the Tamar River south towards the mountains visible in the distance. Climbing into the Central Highlands, the party soon discovered the Lakes district there. They found the going tough over the rugged alpine terrain, but once they had hit the flat ridge line, the party was able to observe much kinder terrain in the distance off to the east. Descending the southern slopes of the Central Highlands, the party came upon the Clyde River, which they named "Fat Doe River", and camped at a location that was later to become the township of Bothwell. The terrain around this region was much more ameniable to travel, and Laycock noted the location for his return journey.
They had managed to traverse the islands in just over eight days, arriving on 11 February. They arrived in Hobart Town and issued Collins with the dispatches, but were regrettably told, the situation in Hobart Town was no better than at Port Dalrymple, and no supplies could be spared for the northern colony.
Exhausted from the southward journey, Laycock's party rested in Hobart Town for four days, before commencing their return journey. Following a more easterly route on their northward journey, the party found the going much easier, riding up through the Midlands that was to become the major pastures and farmland of the colony in the following decade. The route that they followed quickly became the 'Hobart Road', the main route between Port Dalrymple (soon after renamed Launceston, Tasmania and Hobart Town. With minor variations, the route is also closely followed by the modern Midland Highway which is the major north-south artery of Tasmania, and forms part of the national highway number 1. 
Despite the famine, Laycock was rewarded for important his discovery by being given a cow, which of course was highly valuable given the short supply of food. He returned to Sydney in January 1808.
Rum Rebellion.
Upon his return to Sydney, Laycock discovered that the Rum Rebellion was in full-swing, and the New South Wales Corps, under the leadership of Major George Johnston, and former soldier turned pastoralist John Macarthur had enacted a military coup and had arrested Governor William Bligh. Laycock was appointed to the criminal court that tried Macarthur for his involvement in the plot, and in so doing, he became the only physical casualty of the bloodless rebellion, when he was sent to search Government House for evidence, and fell through a manhole. As a reward for his duties and his discoveries in Van Diemen's Land, Laycock was granted of land in the Cabramatta region of southwestern Sydney, but like all officers involved in the Rum Rebellion, he had this land confiscated upon the appointment of the next Governor, Lachlan Macquarie.
On 1 June 1809 he marries Isabella Bunker, daughter of Eber Bunker
Following Macquarie's arrival, the newly married Laycock departed from New South Wales with wife Isabella, aboard "HMS Dromedary" on 18 March 1810, sailing for England.
War of 1812.
The New South Wales Corps were disbanded in disgrace following their part in the rebellion, and most of the men transferred into a newly formed 102nd Regiment of foot, and were recalled to England. Laycock also returned to England for the first time since he was a boy, but rejoined with the 98th Regiment of foot. By September 1811 he had been promoted to captain.
The following year, war with the United States broke out in North America, and the 98th foot were dispatched to fight there. For the majority of the war, Laycock's regiment were stationed in Bermuda and New Brunswick, although companies did also garrison parts of the Atlantic coast from 1814 to 1818. Little is known about Laycock's experiences in the war, but he returned to England, selling off his commission upon his return.
Later life and death.
Thomas Laycock and wife Isabella sailed immediately for Sydney aboard "HMS Fame" with their two children, leaving on 8 March 1817, but Isabella took ill during the journey, and died on 12 May 1817. With two young children to look after, Laycock quickly remarried his second wife, Margaret (née Connell) at St. Philips on 8 July 1817, with whom he had a further two children. 
Using the money he had saved from his service and sale of commission, he set up a general store and hotel, and quickly became one of the biggest suppliers of meat to the commissariat store. By 1819 he had become involved in local affairs, and was one of the leading citizens is a public call for the right to trial by jury.
Years of life in the military took their toll upon Thomas Laycock, and at the age of 37 he died at home on his estate on 7 November 1823.

</doc>
<doc id="20084164" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084164" title="2009 AIBA World Boxing Championships">
2009 AIBA World Boxing Championships

The 2009 AIBA World Boxing Championships were held in Milan, Italy from September 1, 2009 to September 12, 2009 in the Mediolanum Forum. It was the biggest World Championships in AIBA history. The competition was under the supervision of the world's governing body for amateur boxing the AIBA.
Originally, Cameroon, Trinidad and Tobago and Uzbekistan each expressed interest in hosting the championships however they did not submit a final application and were therefore withdrawn from the running. This left Italy and South Korea remaining who were the final two countries in contention during the bidding process to host the 2009 championships. The city of Milan in Italy was then chosen to host the competition.

</doc>
<doc id="20084167" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084167" title="St Levan's Church, St Levan">
St Levan's Church, St Levan

St Levan's Church, St Levan is a parish church in the Church of England located in St Levan, Cornwall, United Kingdom. Until 1864 the church was a chapelry of the Royal Peculiar of the Deanery of St Buryan. It is now part of the united benefice of St Buryan and St Sennen.
History.
The church of St Levan is medieval. It was heavily rebuilt in the twelfth century and extended in the fifteenth century. It was restored by J. D. Sedding. St Levan (properly Selevan, a Celtic form of Solomon) according to the Life of St Kybi was a Cornishman and the father of Kybi. In the department of Morbihan are four places probably connected to the same saint, who probably lived in the 6th or 7th century. On the cliff at St Levan is St Levan's Well and below it the probable remains of his chapel, which were described by William Borlase in his "Antiquities". For more information on the saint see Salomon of Cornwall.
Bells.
The tower contains three bells dating from 1641, 1754 and 1881.
Stone crosses.
Langdon (1896) records six stone crosses in the parish, of which two are in the churchyard.
Media.
St Levan's Church was featured in the first series of BBC Doctor Who.

</doc>
<doc id="20084168" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084168" title="2008 Korean FA Cup">
2008 Korean FA Cup

Korean FA Cup 2008 was the 13th edition of the Korean FA Cup. The 2008 KFA Cup began on February 24, 2008 and ended on December 21, 2008. Pohang Steelers claimed their 2nd Korean FA Cup, beating Gyeongnam FC 2–0.
The cup winner were guaranteed a place in the 2009 AFC Champions League.

</doc>
<doc id="20084200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084200" title="International reaction to the United States presidential election, 2008">
International reaction to the United States presidential election, 2008

This article lists international reaction to the 2008 United States presidential election, in addition to Barack Obama's election as the 44th President of the United States on November 4, 2008 and his inauguration on January 20, 2009.
Opinion polling.
A global non-scientific Internet vote conducted by "The Economist", with 52,000 respondents, indicated that Obama was favored over McCain by a vast majority of poll respondents, with over 44,000 votes, or roughly 85%, for Obama (there was no abstain option).
In a poll conducted in 22 countries for the BBC World Service in July and August 2008, those in all 22 countries preferred Obama. The margin in favor of Obama ranged from 9% in India to 82% in Kenya. On average, 49% of respondents preferred Barack Obama and 12% preferred John McCain, while nearly 40% expressed no preference.
Media reaction.
Media around the world reacted with strong emotions when Obama was elected. Most expressed positive hopes and expectations for the president-elect, but some tried to prepare their readers for disappointment. Editorials varied from elation to cautious optimism, and a few were outright skeptical. Many celebrated Obama's victory as historic and a sign of changing race-relations in America. Commentators said the election results surprised them because there was an international perception that America was too racist to elect a black president. Many also said people in their country were blinded by infatuation with Obama and encouraged them to see him as a normal human being capable of error. Within a week, the excitement and elation subsided somewhat and newspaper editorials began to caution that Obama had enormous obstacles ahead.
The election was closely watched from around the world and domestic media like "CNN" and "PBS" tracked the international reaction. Major newspapers on every continent covered the election's outcome on their front pages or as their top story, a reflection of the U.S.'s strong influence on world affairs and candidate Obama's international celebrity. Obama's campaign had said it would like to "build a fan base across the world."

</doc>
<doc id="20084219" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084219" title="Customer communications management">
Customer communications management

Customer Communications Management (CCM) is a term highlighted by research companies such as Gartner Group, Forrester Research, InfoTrends, and Madison Advisors to define a convergent set of Information Technology solutions that together provide organisations with the ability to advance the way that they communicate with their customers.
Advocates of Customer Communications Management and its definition include Gartner Group, Freeman Christie, Forrester Research, InfoTrends, and Madison Advisors.
Initial Customer Communications Management concepts were focused upon the utilisation of company transactional documents. These documents such as bank statements, statement of account, invoices and other customer transactional documents were viewed as ideal media to promote company products to customers.
The rationale behind this was cited in analyst research by InfoTrends that, "transactional documents are opened and read by more than 90% of consumers. Because the average consumer is bombarded with advertising, e-mail, direct mail and other forms of solicitation each day, TransPromo can help you cut through the clutter and stand out."
Not only are transactional documents more likely to be opened and observed than other types of document, they are also more likely to be studied for longer than say a direct mail piece. Thus, a company has an opportunity to communicate and promote its message to the customer.
The technology that supports customer communications management also allows sophistication in the content of the messages. Customer communications management technology may consist of the following components:
There are a number of key factors concerning the way in which the software assists the marketing communications professional.
The data extraction software presents marketers and business with an opportunity to combine data from multiple systems to enable a customer analysis. Through this customer analysis process it is possible for marketers to evaluate the marketing mix and position individual products to the customer in respect of relevance to the customer or the results of purchase propensity model.
The end result of this process will be the creation of a data model, data acquisition and decision rules that enable a document composition engine to follow its own set of document application rules to construct individual documents on the basis of data items contained within an individuals data record.
Thus the concept of one-to-one marketing is established.
It is theoretically possible at least that for a run of 100,000 statements, no statement will contain the same set of offers. Thus, women's clothing would not be marketed to men whilst 'male gadgets' would not be marketed to women.
But Customer Communications Management is not just about making offers to customers. It also provides companies with the opportunity to improve the clarity of their communications. Rather than producing line driven data in which it is difficult for a customer to extrapolate trends and a deepening of understanding in respect of his or her relationship with the supplying company, Customer Communications Management provides the opportunity for a company to deliver visual analysis through clear graphics and highlighted content.
The Document Composition engine is responsible for interpreting data and following a set of rules to create a set of documents that can either be printed or distributed electronically. The Document Composition engine usually produces either a print stream or, XML data.
Print streams are languages that printers use to instruct the print process. They are known as PDL's or Page Description Language. Common print stream types include AFP, Xerox Metacode, VIPP, PCL and Postscript. There are numerous others but, in production printing environments these are probably the most common.
Sometimes the Document Composition Engine will output XML. The advantage of XML is that it may be repurposed either to print or to various electronic formats. Thus, XML provides a standard of interoperability between various computer software systems.
As documents move from the virtual data environment into becoming something physical, the may first need post processing. Post processing can be utilised to prepare a print job for production and distribution. This may include tasks such as the application of barcodes to deliver individual mail piece instructions to the inserters and to vary these in terms of the actual inserter being used. For example, one manufacturer’s inserter may require different barcode instructions to complete the same task than another.
Post processing does not only cover production preparation. One of the key cost considerations in Customer Communications Management is the cost of mailing. Various postal operators throughout the world offer discount schemes if a volume mail producer pre-sorts mail before despatch. As this process saves the postal operator considerable effort and cost, a discount is passed to the mail producer. Where mailing volumes are high, this discount figure can be significant to the mail producer where for example the Royal Mail in the UK will offer 18% discount to customers who pre-sort their mail into 120 'pots'.
Post processing may not suit all mail sortation needs however and for organisations who produce many smaller jobs, a Mail Sortation machine, situated as the very last element of the production process may be more suitable. Many smaller jobs can be aggregated through the day and then bundled together for a physical mail sortation process.
Sometimes, Post Processing may be an integral part of the document composition process and this may be more efficient from a production point of view because rather than creating a two step document creation and processing process, it can be delivered in a single step and as part of the major document application. This may save production time.
Print Management software controls the routing and distribution of print jobs to either a single production printer or a fleet of production printers. Print management software does not just provide routing as a benefit though, it also provides a mechanism for assured delivery (ensuring that all pages get printed) through communication and feedback from print devices and also provides management information that is useful for Document Production Managers.
Production printers in themselves have been a key driver in the development of Customer Communications Management as a concept. The advent of high speed, 90 page per minute and faster economic colour production printers in recent years has driven the usefulness and power of Customer Communications Management meaning that a company can produce 'print shop' quality documents 'on the fly' utilising data that may be infinitely variable as in one-to-one customer communications documents.
The final step of the process and the final major utiliser of data derived upstream in the inserting / mail finishing process. This is where paper documents are combined with envelopes and sealed. The inserter uses camera technology to read a barcode that provides a Piece ID, often combined with a data file produced by either the document composition application or the post processing engine.
By obtaining the Piece ID and performing a data file look-up, the inserter is able to determine factors such as the number of pages for a particular mail piece, whether any additional physical inserts are required (such as leaflets)and whether or not a piece should be out sorted for special human handling.
Thus the inserter is able to determine what should go in each envelope. Through further downstream cameras and sensors, it is also able to determine the integrity of a particular piece.
But this is not where Customer communications management ends. The provision of a document archive means that after a document has been created by the document composition engine, it can be made available to a company call centre or website. Call centre users benefit from being able to engage a customer by seeing the document that the customer has in his hand. This saves money in call centres speeding up call centre client query resolution times and meaning that call centres can handle more customers with fewer staff.
The delivery of documents via electronic channels is also seen as favourable, giving consumers a choice of document receipt method that suits their lifestyles. Combined with electronic payment, this may accelerate cash collection and thus improve a company’s cash flow position.
Relevance of communication is seen as key in overcrowded, competitive markets where service differentiation can be difficult. Documents that add value to the customer relationship add to differentiation and for many service oriented businesses and be a major factor in improving customer retention and acquisition.
Chief Marketing Officers are adopting Customer Communications Management because it heralds a world of new opportunity and a new way in which to develop customer relationships.

</doc>
<doc id="20084224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084224" title="Down the Road (Mac McAnally song)">
Down the Road (Mac McAnally song)

"Down the Road" is a song written and recorded by American country music artist Mac McAnally. McAnally has charted with the song on two separate occasions. The first of these two versions was released as the second single from his 1990 album "Simple Life", and was a minor chart single for him that year. Eighteen years later, McAnally re-recorded the song as a duet with Kenny Chesney on Chesney's 2008 album "Lucky Old Sun". This rendition is also McAnally's highest charting country hit, having reached Number One in February 2009.
Content.
"Down the Road" is a mid-tempo ballad. In it, the male narrator describes his childhood love interest — a girl who lives down the road from him. Eventually, the narrator proposes to marry her, only to find out the expectations her parents have of him.
In the second verse, the narrator is now an adult, and his daughter has a love interest who lives down the road. He then explains that he has the same expectations that the parents in the first verse had, but he will still let her go down the road.
According to "Country Weekly" magazine, McAnally was inspired to write the song one Christmas morning after thinking about what his two daughters' lives would be like in the future (he has since had a third).
Mac McAnally version.
Mac McAnally's original version is the second single from his 1990 album "Simple Life", his only album for Warner Bros. Records. It debuted at number 72 on the "Billboard" country charts for the week of July 7, 1990, fell to number 75 a week later, and then reached its peak of number 70 on the chart week of July 21. McAnally also re-recorded this song for his 1994 album "Knots", which was subsequently sent to radio as a promotional single.
Music video.
McAnally's rendition also features a music video, directed by John Lloyd Miller. It features McAnally performing the song on a porch while playing electric guitar.
Kenny Chesney version.
In 2008, Kenny Chesney covered the song on his album "Lucky Old Sun". Chesney's version features guest vocals from McAnally, who sings the second verse and chorus. Unlike McAnally's original which is accompanied by electric guitar, Chesney's rendition is more acoustic in nature, featuring only accompaniment from two steel-string acoustic guitars and congas. According to McAnally, the song "was not supposed to be a duet", but he agreed to record it as a duet on Chesney's album. Chesney and McAnally were nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Country Collaboration with Vocals on December 2, 2009.
Critical reception.
Chesney's rendition received a thumbs-up rating from The 9513. Critic Jim Malec said that the song "provid him a comfortable pocket from which he can weave a tale" and added, "'Down The Road' brings together the best of Chesney with the best of McAnally, a songwriter whose greatest strength is his ability to breath life into characters that seem unquestionably real, and which help us discuss life’s essential and often bittersweet truths." He also said that it was Chesney's "best vocal performance in years". Jacob Crogie of 411 Mania gave the Chesney version a four-out-of-five rating, saying "This re-recording is a classic example of good country! It's got some solid musicality and is acoustic based to suit the subject matter. McAnally's writing provides solid, believable, sympathetic characters which allows the listener to connect to the song emotionally."
Chart positions.
The Kenny Chesney version of the song made its chart debut at number 59 on the country charts dated for November 1, 2008. It fell from the charts the next week, then re-entered at number 38 for the week of November 15. It is McAnally's second Top 40 country chart entry, eighteen years after his previous one, the number 14 "Back Where I Come From" in 1990. The duet version reached Number One on the country chart dated for February 28, 2009, giving Chesney his sixteenth Number One and McAnally his first.
Other versions.
The Nitty Gritty Dirt Band covered the song on their 1998 album "Bang Bang Bang", as did Restless Heart on their 2004 album "Still Restless" and Marty Raybon on his 2006 album "When the Sand Runs Out". Dennis Agajanian also covered this song on his album "Come On Home".

</doc>
<doc id="20084229" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084229" title="Spencer Edmund Hollond">
Spencer Edmund Hollond

Major General Spencer Edmund Hollond CB, CMG, DSO (19 March 1874 – 5 February 1950) was a British Army staff officer during the First World War.
Life.
He was the second son of John Robert Hollond and attended Harrow School (there becoming friends with Winston Churchill) then Trinity College, Cambridge. He joined the Rifle Brigade as a Second Lieutenant in 1895, rising to Lieutenant in 1897. He served in the Second Boer War, being mentioned in dispatches, receiving the Queen's South Africa Medal with 4 clasps and being promoted to Captain in 1901. He then served as aide-de-camp to the Duke of Connaught from 1901 to 1904 before being promoted to Major in 1913.
During the First World War he rose to Brigadier General, was mentioned seven times in despatches, won the Distinguished Service Order in 1916 and was a GSO2 on Third Army's staff during the battle of the Somme and the battle of Gommecourt, criticising Thomas D'Oyly Snow's planning of the attack and asking Allenby for Snow's dismissal. He ended the War as BGGS Inspector-General of Training and with the nickname 'Tom' Hollond from his troops. After the war he was made a colonel (1920), a knight of the Legion of Honour, a Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George in 1919 and a Companion of the Order of the Bath in 1920 and attended the opening of Plymouth's War Memorial in 1923 [http://plymouthdata.info/Memorial-Plymouth%20War.htm]. He was colonel commandant of 8th Infantry Brigade (1921–1925), commandant of the Senior Officers School (1925–27). He rose to Major-General in 1927 and retired the following year.
Marriage and issue.
He first married on 5 October 1905 to Lulu Pfizer (daughter of the American pharmacist Charles Pfizer) at St George's, Hanover Square. Three of the bridesmaids were English, and three American, and the couple received as wedding gifts a loving cup from the Duke and Duchess of Connaught and Swedish enamels from Princess Gustav of Sweden.[http://query.nytimes.com/gst/abstract.html?res=9C00E4DC1538E433A25755C0A9669D946497D6CF] They had one child, Charles Arthur Spencer Hollond (1906–1929). Lulu Pfizer Hollond had been painted in 1901 by the Swiss-born American artist Adolfo Müller-Ury and exhibited that year at Knoedler's in New York. 
Lulu died in 1911 and then Spencer re-married on 16 September 1920 to Esther Eliza Sanderson, daughter of Llewellyn Traherne Bassett Sanderson and Lady Rachel Mary Scott. They had one child, Robert Gustof Percy Hollond, in 1921.

</doc>
<doc id="20084230" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084230" title="Jozef Majoroš">
Jozef Majoroš

Jozef Majoroš ("pronounced" Mayorosh) (born 19 March 1970 in Geča near Košice) is a former Slovak footballer.
Club career.
Majoroš started with football in your native village Geča. Functionaries of ZŤS Košice noticed his football talent and moved Jozef to their club when he was thirteen. He played in all youth squads ZŤS Košice. In 1988 Jozef progressed to the senior team. After he finished stage in Košice he continued in your career in Dukla Banská Bystrica and then in Czech teams Viktoria Žižkov and Petra Drnovice. Jozef was declared for the Slovak Footballer of the Year in 1998 and also he was nominated to the best 11 players of the Czech Football League. He ended his career in 2004 after stage in second division team Družstevník Báč. He's coaching youth today.
International career.
Majoroš played for Czechoslovakia in the 1989 FIFA World Youth Championship. He was capped 23 times for Slovakia and scored 5 goals. The most memorable goal he scored against Czech Republic at the UEFA Euro 1996 qualifying on 11 October 1995 in Bratislava. It was the winning moment in this match and Slovakia won 2-1.
Honours.
Personal

</doc>
<doc id="20084243" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084243" title="Kristin Bølgen Bronebakk">
Kristin Bølgen Bronebakk

Kristin Bølgen Bronebakk (11 June 1950 – 8 March 2012) was a Norwegian civil servant.
She graduated with the cand.mag. degree from the University of Oslo in 1983 and as Master of General Administration from the University of Maryland, College Park in 1993. She worked as a clerk for the National Institute for Consumer Research from 1974 to 1976 and 1982 to 1985, and worked in the Ministry of Justice and the Police since 1985. She served as a deputy under-secretary of state until retiring in 2009. She was a board member of the International Corrections and Prisons Association since 2006.
She was married to ambassador Jørg Willy Bronebakk. She died in March 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20084266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084266" title="Vorticella campanula">
Vorticella campanula

Vorticella campanula is found in freshwater ponds, lakes, rivers, and streams with aquatic vegetation. It has a global distribution. "Vorticella campanula" is solitary and not colonial but usually social, several of them being found together. "Vorticella campanula" is a sedentary (fixed) form. It is commonly attached by a long highly contractile stalk to some submerged objects like weeds, animals, or stones. "Vorticella campanula" is often found in large groups. All the individuals in the group, however, remain free and independent of each other. Most "Vorticella" are found in abundance in stagnant water rich in decaying organic matter and feed largely on bacteria, but "Vorticella campanula" live only in uncontaminated water where bacterial growth is poor. 

</doc>
<doc id="20084270" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084270" title="Robert Cohn">
Robert Cohn

Robert Cohn is an entrepreneur and businessman known for the founding of Octel Communications, the company that commercialized voice mail and was largely responsible for making it ubiquitous on cell phones, in companies and on residential phones. 
In 1982, Cohn founded Octel Communications Corporation. He served as Chairman and CEO of Octel from its inception in 1982 until the company was purchased by Lucent Technologies in 1997. He then served as an Executive Vice President of Lucent Technologies, Inc. and retired April 30, 1999. From 2002-2004, Cohn was a partner with Sequoia Capital. He currently mentors and advises select first-time CEO's and rising stars in technology businesses. 
Before Octel, Cohn held positions with McKinsey & Company, and Banque Rothschild in France. He has a BS degree in mathematics and computer science from the University of Florida and an MBA from Stanford University’s Graduate School of Business.
Octel Communications.
Cohn and Peter Olson founded Octel Communications in September, 1982. Octel started shipping product in 1984, became profitable and started generating cash in 1985, and went public in 1988. Octel was the first technology company to go public after the stock market crash of 1987. Within a few years Octel became the biggest supplier of voicemail in all sectors worldwide.
Octel adopted many of Silicon Valley's successful cultural concepts like employee sabbaticals, 100% participation in stock option plans, comprehensive employee performance reviews and career planning, an internal fitness center, and Octel University to give all employees new skills and ongoing training. Octel was among the first to offer AIDS education, "take-your-daughter/son-to-work" day, and universal medical coverage including pre-existing conditions.
Lucent Technologies acquired Octel in 1997 for over $2 billion in cash and assumption of options. Lucent's Audix products were combined with Octel's to create the Octel Messaging Division based in Milpitas, California. Revenues of the Octel Messaging Division in the year Octel was acquired exceeded $1.2 billion and its profits immediately enabled the Business Systems Group of Lucent Technologies to operate in the black. At the time of the acquisition, Octel was the worldwide market share leader in sales of voicemail systems to corporations and service providers. Cohn was made an Executive Vice President of Lucent Technologies and President of the Octel Messaging Division.
Boards.
Cohn serves on the board of King (makers of the popular game Candy Crush) and as Chairman of RelateIQ. He is a Senior Advisor to Coatue, a NY based tech-only hedge fund, is a trustee of Robert Ballard’s Ocean Exploration Trust, and a Board Member Emeritus of Business Executives for National Security, a volunteer organization of business leaders that works with the Department of Defense.
Cohn previously served on the boards of many companies, private and public. Some of these were Octel, Trimble Navigation (GPS navigation), Charter Communications (cable company), Right Hemisphere (3-D software, now part of SAP), Electronic Arts (video games), Ashford.com (high-end online retail), Digital Domain (special effects for commercials and feature films) and BlueLithium (internet advertising, now part of Yahoo!). He was a member of the Board of Governors of NASDAQ from 1990 through 1993 where he also served on the Executive Committee; a member of the Advisory Council of the Stanford Graduate School of Business from 1993 to 1999; a board member of the National Conference for Community and Justice (a national organization devoted to addressing the issues of bigotry, bias and racism in America). He was a trustee of the Ballet San Jose and Castilleja School, the International School of the Peninsula, and has previously been a member of the American Business Conference, the Council of Competitiveness, and the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, where he was also an industry governor in the Data and Communications sector for 5 years.

</doc>
<doc id="20084279" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084279" title="BPM Racing">
BPM Racing

BPM Racing is a WiiWare title developed and produced by Yuke's.
"BPM Racing" will incorporate racing and rhythm action into one game. By keeping in time players will be able to increase their speed, handling, and gain score multipliers. Players will also be able to add their own sound effects and samples to the soundtrack.

</doc>
<doc id="20084283" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084283" title="CEDO">
CEDO

CEDO is the Intercultural Center for the Study of Deserts and Oceans.
The acronym CEDO comes from the Spanish name: Centro Intercultural de Estudios de Desiertos y Océanos.
Located in Puerto Peñasco, Sonora, Mexico, CEDO is a center for the study of the ecosystems of the Sonoran Desert and the Sea of Cortez.
History.
In 1975, CEDO's current Executive Director Peggy Turk Boyer visited Puerto Peñasco with professors John Hendrickson and Don Thomson of the University of Arizona's Ecology and Evolutionary Biology (EEB) Department, as part of the UA's thriving marine biology program. They and their students conducted field activities out of a small beach house beside an experimental shrimp mariculture enterprise which was operated jointly by the UA's Environmental Research Lab (ERL) and the Centro de Investigación en Ciencia y Tecnología of the Universidad de Sonora (CICTUS).
Carl Hodges, ERL's first director and founder of the affiliated nonprofit Desert Development Foundation (DDF), and CICTUS director, Xico Murrieta envisioned a new organization called the Institute for Deserts and Oceans (IDO). It would operate out of a new facility located in the Las Conchas housing development east of the shrimp labs and would be supported with profits from the shrimp mariculture commercial enterprise. Nicholas Yensen was hired as the first director in 1978. After a successful fundraising campaign, Yensen was able to convert the unfinished Las Conchas recreation center and office builiding into a simple functional biological field station. 
Conservation and Research.
CEDO is a collaboration between Mexican and US non profit organisations and its mission is to advance and share knowledge about the Northern Gulf of California and the surrounding Sonoran Desert. CEDO also promotes the conservation and sustainable use of natural and cultural resources. This includes sustainable fisheries, coastal conservation, wetland research, community education and monthly climatological reports on Puerto Peñasco.
Awards.
In 2007, CEDO won Mexico's National Conservation of Nature Award for their 27 year effort to protect the Gulf of California. 
CEDO received the 2010 Human Diversity Award from the Organization of Biological Field Stations in Michigan for its achievements in creating collaborative, inclusive systems with local communities and businesses which allowed sustainable fishing and other commercial developments in the Northern Gulf of California. 

</doc>
<doc id="20084310" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084310" title="Rooster's Breakfast">
Rooster's Breakfast

"Rooster's Breakfast" () is a Slovenian romantic comedy released in 2007. It is an adaptation of less known novel of the same name by Feri Lainšček. The film is the most acclaimed and most successful Slovenian films of all times, and also the third most successful movie in Slovenia, following "Titanic" and "Troy".
Plot.
Đuro (Primož Bezjak) works at Gajaš's (Vlado Novak) automechanic shop. He falls in love with Bronja, (Pia Zemljič) who is married to Lepec, (Dario Varga) the town's biggest thug. Đuro and Bronja have an affair and Lepec finds out about it. In the meantime, Gajaš dreams about Severina, a well-known Croatian pop star, who is on tour in the town.
Awards.
The film won 5 awards at the 10th Festival of Slovenian Film. It was also the Slovenian candidate for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Film nomination in 2009 (81st Academy Awards).

</doc>
<doc id="20084312" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084312" title="Enschede railway station">
Enschede railway station

Enschede is the main railway station in Enschede, the Netherlands. The station opened on 1 July 1866 and is on the Zutphen–Glanerbeek railway. Between the late 1970s and 2001, the passenger service to Germany stopped. The connection to Münster was re-opened in 2001. There is no connection allowing the German trains to run any further into Overijssel; however there was before the line closed.
From summer 2013 to summer 2014 the station is being largely modernised. The station was closed between 6 July and 18 August 2013, in which all the rails and overhead wires were replaced at the station. Platforms 1 and 2 were extended; platform 5 was closed. Platform 4 has been split in two, one part for the trains to Germany and the other part for the Sprinters. The two lines are still not connected. The sidings for stabling trains were also replaced and points replaced to reduce the noise made as trains pass over them.
Train services.
The following services call at Enschede:
From 9 December 2012 Enschede no longer has a direct connection to Rotterdam on weekdays; a change of trains is required in Utrecht.
Bus services.
Many bus services depart from the bus station in front of the station, many carrying a red "Twents" livery, for the Twente region (Eastern Overijssel).

</doc>
<doc id="20084313" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084313" title="Moorfoot Building">
Moorfoot Building

The Moorfoot Building is a large office building in Sheffield, South Yorkshire, England, in the form of a step pyramid. It is located at the foot of The Moor (a pedestrianised shopping street), close to the Sheffield Inner Ring Road. Before its construction, The Moor continued across St Mary's Gate onto London Road. The building opened in July 1981. 
The building was previously known as the Manpower Services Commission Building and was the headquarters of that agency. It later contained offices belonging to several departments of the British Government, namely:
The building was purchased by Sheffield City Council in the 2000s with the government departments as sitting tenants pending their relocation. In 2010 the British Government vacated the property, and were replaced by the council's Children, Young Peoples and Families Directorate and Central Finance Service.
It is planned that the building will eventually be demolished and the site form part of a new business district.
However, in the summer of 2011, many departments from Sheffield Town Hall moved into the Moorfoot Building.

</doc>
<doc id="20084326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084326" title="Metro Now">
Metro Now

Metro Now is a joint venture of the Times Of India and the Hindustan Times, and is published by the Metropolitan Media Co Ltd. It was set up by Bennett & Coleman and HT Media. Launched on 5 February, 2006, it is edited by Mr.Kamlesh Singh. Brought out in tabloid format, Metro Now will target the metro commuters in Delhi, a growing population.
Metro Now is the first morning tabloid.
After a decade-long battle between the Times Of India and the Hindustan Times, it was a surprise when they set up a joint venture, and came up with this colourful tabloid, which is targeted at readers who don't have sufficient time to read lengthy stories. It is said that the move is to counter the launch of the Delhi edition of Mumbai's DNA News & Analysis.
Sameer Kapoor, the CEO of Metropolitan Media Co Ltd said, "This product will set new benchmarks in the compact newspaper segment in India. It is aimed at the youth, age no bar. It's the newspaper for the young at heart. It has a fresh new look and a new content mix that will revive the newspaper-reading habit among the youth."
'It's fun, friendly and essentially Delhi,' added Metro Now editor Kamlesh Singh. 'Though the newspaper is city-centric, it will also have extensive coverage of India and the world. But always with a twist. It will be Delhi's perfectly balanced newspaper to go with the perfectly balanced coffee.' 
Metro Now has been described as the compact, international style newspaper.
Metro Now published its last edition on 22 January 2009. The media house plans to print Metro Now as a weekly from January 24. It will be distributed free along with The Times of India and Hindustan Times every Saturday in Gurgaon.

</doc>
<doc id="20084332" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084332" title="Krauss Building">
Krauss Building

The Krauss Building is a landmark building in New Orleans, Louisiana, United States, at the downtown lake corner of Canal Street and Basin Street. It housed one of the city's leading department stores for over 90 years. In 2009 it was redeveloped into condominia by Elie Khoury.
In 1903, Krauss Department Store was opened at 1201 Canal Street, New Orleans by Leon Fellman and his nephews, the Krauss brothers—Max, Alfred, Leopold, and Fritz. The building cost $25,000. Because of its location—right on the edge of Storyville—the store sold satin and lace to the ladies of the “District,” as it was known. Of course, women from all over the city shopped there, as well. Krauss was the first department store to install air conditioning in 1925 and also the first to have escalators—then known as mechanical stairs. The store survived into the 1990s by stocking obscure items not available at large chains and by refusing to reduce service to its loyal New Orleans customers. It was a monument to the old-fashioned way of doing business, and proud of it. During its 94 years of existence it expanded from to , all on a real estate parcel of fronting on Canal Street. Krauss closed in 1997.
From the long Formica lunch counter with the round red stools, to the madams and ladies of nearby Storyville who once shopped within the store, the Krauss building enjoys a unique and storied place in New Orleans history.
Current use.
This historic building remained vacant for nearly 11 years prior to its resurgence as the first luxury condominium development post-Katrina. Now named 1201 Canal, it houses an upscale community of 233 luxury residences and over of street-front retail.
Recent Articles.
$60m Krauss Building Project in New Orleans 
http://findarticles.com/p/articles/mi_qn4200/is_20070430/ai_n19066310
Historic Krauss Building - Good News in New Orleans
http://www.preservationnation.org/magazine/2008/todays-news/good-news-in-new-orleans.html
Krauss Building New Orleans set for Fall Occupancy (2008) 
http://www.allbusiness.com/safety-accidents-disasters/disasters-tropical/11485911-1.html

</doc>
<doc id="20084374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084374" title="Devils (Xmal Deutschland album)">
Devils (Xmal Deutschland album)

Devils was Xmal Deutschland's fourth and final album, released in 1989. "Matador" was recorded at Hammertone studio, Düsseldorf and Pilot studios, Munich by Henry Staroste. Mixed at Chateau du Pape, Hamburg by Paul Corkett.

</doc>
<doc id="20084382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084382" title="Isle of Wight Bus &amp; Coach Museum">
Isle of Wight Bus &amp; Coach Museum

The Isle of Wight Bus & Coach Museum, also referred to as The Isle of Wight Bus Museum, was founded in 1997 in Newport on the Isle of Wight in the United Kingdom. The museum is a registered charity and run completely by volunteers. The vehicle collection is housed in a former grain warehouse on Newport Quay.
Most of the vehicles the museum houses date back to around the 1910s onwards, many having formerly operated on the Isle of Wight. The oldest vehicle housed is a Daimler CK bus dating back to 1927. The first floor of the museum features a photographic archive of island buses together with other memorabilia. This looks out over vehicles below on the ground floor of the museum. There is also a small shop, named 'Just the Ticket' stocking memorabilia such as photos, old timetables, books and videos.
The museum hosts two bus rallies of its own. There is one event in May, which is an 'ex-Island Buses Only' running day. and another in October which features many buses from around the country.
Current vehicles on display.
The following vehicles are currently on display within the museum. Many are owned by the museum or privately owned.
Appeal to Relocate.
By the end of 2010, the museum is planning to relocate and construct a new purpose built unit to house an Island Road Transport Museum. The move is necessary due to the building it currently uses being demolished as part of revelopment of Newport Quay. Currently, the plan is to purchase a two and a half acre area of farmland adjoining Havenstreet Railway, with the new site covering twice the floor area that the current base offers. The plans would require £120,000 to be raised to fund the move. Supporters are being invited to purchase £250 shares in the project with monies being returned if the plan fails. However in addition to funding issues, the field currently forms part of the Isle of Wight AONB, which could lead to a battle for planning consent over redevelopment.
In 2013 the museum is aiming to obtain land and buildings at Park Road, Ryde, Isle of Wight to house and display the Museum’s collection of buses and coaches. [http://www.iwbusmuseum.org.uk/2013/04/ryde-depot-appeal/]

</doc>
<doc id="20084400" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084400" title="Eden Centre">
Eden Centre

The term Eden Centre may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20084402" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084402" title="Hong Kong Society of Medical Informatics">
Hong Kong Society of Medical Informatics

The Hong Kong Society of Medical Informatics, founded in April 1987 by a group of medical practitioners and informatics professionals with special interests in medical informatics and computing and communications.
The Society is a non-profit organization registered as a Company Limited by Guarantee.

</doc>
<doc id="20084404" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084404" title="Howard Bennett">
Howard Bennett

Howard Bennett (20 August 1892 – 13 January 1973) was an English cricketer. Bennett was a right-handed batsman and leg-break bowler who played for Northamptonshire. He was born in Alcester, Warwickshire and died in Southbourne, Bournemouth.
Bennett made a single first-class appearance for the side, during the 1920 season. In the two innings in which he batted, he scored a single run. He bowled six overs during the match, conceding 51 runs.

</doc>
<doc id="20084409" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084409" title="Dieter Langbein">
Dieter Langbein

Dieter Langbein, Dr. phil. nat., was a German physicist, whose fields of research included solid state physics, fluid physics and microgravity. He was born on February 10, 1932 in Frankfurt am Main, Germany as Werner Dietrich Langbein and died on June 25, 2004 in Bad Homburg, Germany. He was married and had a son and two daughters.
Early days.
In 1951 Dieter Langbein started his studies in mathematics at the Johann Wolfgang Goethe-Universität at Frankfurt am Main, where he met Prof. Friedrich Hund who inspired him to work in theoretical physics. After his diploma in physics in 1956 and his thesis on solid state physics in 1958 he went to the Institute of Theoretical Physics at Göttingen to work with Prof. Hund in investigating galvanomagnetic effects.
Research.
In 1962 he joined Farbwerke Hoechst AG where he worked on thermodynamics and reaction kinetics. Dieter Langbein’s scientific career was characterized by working closely with experimental physicists as well as with chemists and biologists. He achieved this by joining Battelle-Institut e.V., Frankfurt am Main in 1964. His work on the splitting of the electronic band structure in magnetic fields together with E. Gerlach led to a guest professorship at James Frank Institute, University of Chicago, Illinois in 1967/1968 followed by a stay at the Battelle Memorial Institute in Columbus, Ohio. His research led to the later Hofstadter's butterfly of the electron's energy bands structure. In 1969 he receives the venia legendi for physics at Frankfurt University and in 1972 he becomes Honorary Professor.
Back at Battelle-Institute Frankfurt he turned to the field of Van der Waals force. After a Visiting Fellowship at the University of Canberra, Australia he published in 1974 his book "Theory of Van der Waals attraction".
Around 1976 he learned about the fascination of research under microgravity conditions. He set up a table of about a dozen effects contributing to the separation of monotectic alloys during solidification observed in rocket experiments. His microgravity experiments with transparent liquids proved the importance of the Marangoni effect. He became a member of the managing committee of ELGRA (European Low Gravity Research Association) in 1978, chairman of the German consulting group on fluid physics under low gravity and was scientific consultant at ESA (European Space Agency), NASA and JAMIC (Japanese Microgravity Center). Together with the NASA Kennedy Space Center, Florida, he 1985 established The Microgravity Research Experiments (MICREX) Database, for which he was the principal investigator. The collaboration with NASA facilitated some more results, such as those related to the German Spacelab Mission where he became friend with German physicist and astronaut Ulf Merbold and the advances in space research and other fluid physics studies.
In 1993 he left Battelle and continued his work at the Center of Applied Space Technology and Microgravity (ZARM) at the University of Bremen, Germany.
Publications.
In 1969 Langbein published an article in which he demonstrated that the electron's energy sub-band disposal presents regularities which are connected to the Landau levels.
In 1974 he published his first book, "Theory of Van der Waals attraction".
In 2002 he published his second book "Capillary Surfaces: Shape - Stability - Dynamics in particular under weightlessness" about the capillary effect.
Between 1956 and 2001 he published more than 160 articles.

</doc>
<doc id="20084420" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084420" title="Ducati Streetfighter">
Ducati Streetfighter

The Ducati Streetfighter is a streetfighter-style motorcycle produced by Ducati.
The design of Streetfighter is the work of designer Damien Basset from the Ducati design team.
Awards.
The Streetfighter 848 won the "Cycle World" Best Middleweight Streetbike title in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="20084422" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084422" title="Quality Software">
Quality Software

Quality Software is a defunct software design company that published games for Apple II and Atari 800 computers in the late 1970s and early 1980s. "Asteroids in Space", a Quality Software title created by programmer Bruce Wallace, was voted one of the most popular software titles of 1978-80 by "Softalk" magazine.

</doc>
<doc id="20084436" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084436" title="St Bridget's Church, Morvah">
St Bridget's Church, Morvah

St Bridget's Church, Morvah is a parish church in the Church of England located in Morvah, Cornwall, UK. The church, dedicated to St Bridget, is medieval. It was licenced for divine service by the Bishop of Exeter on 22 September 1400. The tower is the only remaining medieval part of the church. The rest was rebuilt in 1828. The dedication is sometimes given as St Morwetha.
The tower contains three bells, one from 1799 and two from 1828.

</doc>
<doc id="20084449" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084449" title="Rhayader railway station">
Rhayader railway station

Rhayader railway station was a station serving the town of Rhayader, Powys, on the Mid Wales Railway line.
It was opened in 1864 in Cwmdauddwr, a village on the opposite bank of the River Wye. The line, which took over 5 years to build, was closed in 1962 and dismantled within months.
The site of the station is now occupied by Powys county council's highways department.

</doc>
<doc id="20084451" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084451" title="Iulon Gagoshidze">
Iulon Gagoshidze

Iulon Gagoshidze () (born 17 July 1935) is a Georgian archaeologist, scholar and politician who served as the State Minister for Diaspora Issues in the Government of Georgia from November 2007 to December 2009, when he was moved to lead the recently created Archeological Research Center at the President's Administration. As a scholar, Gagoshidze is chiefly known for his studies of the Achaemenid relics in Georgia.
Biography.
Gagoshidze was born in 1935 in Tbilisi, then-Soviet Georgia. He graduated from Tbilisi State University in 1958 and obtained a PhD degree in 1985. Beginning in 1968, Gagoshidze has led various archaeological expeditions to Israel, Cyprus, Azerbaijan, Georgia's Ksani river valley, Samadlo, Dedoplistsqaro and other localities. In 1991 he served as the head of local administration (prefect) of Mtskheta. Later, from 2004 to 2005, he was a member of Tbilisi City Council. From 2007 to 2009, Gagoshidze was a minister for Diaspora Issues in the Mikheil Saakashvili administration.

</doc>
<doc id="20084455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084455" title="David Boyle (archaeologist)">
David Boyle (archaeologist)

David Boyle (born Greenock, Scotland 1 May 1842- died Toronto 14 February 1911) was a Canadian blacksmith, teacher, archaeologist, musicologist, and historian.
Boyle arrived in Canada from Scotland in 1856 and apprenticed to a blacksmith. He would become a teacher in rural Ontario in 1865, a school principal in Elora from 1871-1881, and later a bookseller in Toronto. Boyle followed what were then "radical child-centered theories" of Johann Pestalozzi.
In 1884, Boyle became curator of the Canadian Institute Museum, a post he held until 1896, and of the Ontario Provincial Museum from 1886-1911. He cultivated a core of loyal collectors across southern and central Ontario who assisted him in archaeological digs and in collecting artifacts for the museums. These men included Andrew Frederick Hunter, George E Laidlaw, J. Hugh Hammond, John Long, Dr Thomas W. Beeman, William Wintemberg and Frederick William Waugh. He was also the Secretary of the Ontario Historical Society after 1898, and became highly influential in the local historical societies that grew up in Ontario in the late nineteenth century. In 1898, Boyle also began to conduct ethnographic fieldwork at the Six Nations of the Grand River near Brantford, after having met John Ojijatekha Brant-Sero through the Canadian Institute. He later met Dr Peter E Jones of the nearby Mississauga of the New Credit reserve who also assisted him in his fieldwork. An Ontario Historical Plaque was erected by the province to commemorate David Boyle's role in Ontario's heritage. 
His work served as the basis for archaeology as a serious scientific discipline in the province. Between 1887 and 1911, he published "Annual Archaeological Reports for Ontario", Canada's first journal primarily dedicated to archaeology.
Boyle was also a history buff and preservationist, as well as the author of a book of nonsense poetry for children.
He died in 1911 after a serious stroke. His papers are housed at the provincial Archives of Ontario and at the Royal Ontario Museum archives.

</doc>
<doc id="20084459" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084459" title="Clinton H. Havill">
Clinton H. Havill

Clinton Hunter Havill (November 25, 1892 – March 25, 1953) was an early aeronautical engineer who worked in the areas of aerodynamic drag and airships.
Biography.
He was born on November 25, 1892 in Rochester, New York to Eric E. Havill and Lydia A. Parkes. He graduated from the United States Naval Academy in 1916. He held a commission as a lieutenant commander in the United States Navy. He was the inaugural recipient of the Wright Brothers Medal in 1928 for work on the performance of aircraft propellers. By 1937 he was living in South Orange, New Jersey. He died on March 25, 1953 in his office at Curtiss-Wright Corporation in Carlstadt, New Jersey.

</doc>
<doc id="20084463" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084463" title="Slovak Chess Championship">
Slovak Chess Championship

The Slovak Chess Championship is the chess competition, which determines the best slovak chess player.

</doc>
<doc id="20084468" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084468" title="Egypt (1999 video game)">
Egypt (1999 video game)

Egypt: 1156 B.C.: Tomb of the Pharaoh is a 1999 adventure video game by Canal+Multimédia, Cryo Interactive Entertainment and Réunion des Musées Nationaux. It was released for PC and PS1 (PAL region only).
The game is set in 1156 BC and your father has been accused of arranging the pillage of a royal tomb. In a first person perspective, the player must prove your father's innocence.
The game was followed by two sequels, "Egypt 2: The Heliopolis Prophecy" and "Egypt 3: The Egyptian Prophecy".

</doc>
<doc id="20084469" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084469" title="Egypt 2">
Egypt 2

Egypt 2: The Heliopolis Prophecy is an adventure video game by Canal+Multimédia, Cryo Interactive Entertainment and Réunion des Musées Nationaux. It was released for PC and PlayStation in 2000. It was released for Mac OS X in May 2012.
The game is set in 1360 BC and Heliopolis, the City of the Sun has been struck by a plague. Your father has also been infected. In a first person perspective, the player must find a cure and save your father and the rest of Heliopolis.
The game follows, "Egypt: 1156 B.C.: Tomb of the Pharaoh" and is followed by "Egypt 3: The Egyptian Prophecy".

</doc>
<doc id="20084470" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084470" title="Egypt 3">
Egypt 3

Egypt 3: The Egyptian Prophecy is a 2004 adventure video game developed by Kheops Studio and published by The Adventure Company for the PC. The player must solve an array of ancient riddles that will help a dying Pharaoh survive and restore Egypt to glory. The game follows "Egypt: 1156 B.C.: Tomb of the Pharaoh" and "Egypt 2: The Heliopolis Prophecy".
IPhone adaptation.
In 2010, Microïds are to release an adaptation of the game, split into parts, for the Apple iPhone.

</doc>
<doc id="20084486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084486" title="Sarpen">
Sarpen

Sarpen was a Norwegian newspaper, published in Sarpsborg in Østfold county.
"Sarpen" was started as "Dagbladet Sarpen" in 1854, and eventually became affiliated with the Conservative Party, which was founded in 1884. Struggling in the competition with "Sarpsborg Arbeiderblad", in 1974 "Sarpen" was brought under the wings of fellow conservative newspaper "Fredriksstad Blad" from the neighboring city Fredrikstad. However, this cooperation did not help. In 1983 it had a circulation of 2,525, about six times less than the circulation of "Sarpsborg Arbeiderblad". "Sarpen" went defunct in 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="20084509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084509" title="The Ironmaster">
The Ironmaster

The Ironmaster () is a 1933 French drama film scripted and supervised by Abel Gance, and directed by Fernand Rivers.

</doc>
<doc id="20084568" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084568" title="Fracas">
Fracas

Fracas may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20084579" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084579" title="Communist Party of the Catalan People">
Communist Party of the Catalan People

The Communist Party of the Catalan People (, PCPC), is a Marxist-Leninist Communist Party in Catalonia (Spain), which works in cooperation with the Communist Party of the Peoples of Spain, and whose primary objective is the establishment of socialism and communism in Spain, and a confederal republic, with processes of self-determination. Their youth is the Joves Comunistes del Poble Català (CJC-JCPC,"Young Communist of the Catalan People").
The PCPC was born after the expulsion on grounds of ideological Party of the Communists of Catalonia (PCC) of several of its members, like Quim Boix. He then passed to this new party militants and several different local organizations like the Santa Coloma de Gramanet which establishes its headquarters.
The PCPC is established in different areas such as Lleida in Catalonia, Tarragona and especially in the province of Barcelona, with an important base for militants in Hospitalet, Barcelona city and Santa Coloma de Gramanet.

</doc>
<doc id="20084586" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084586" title="Arbeideren (Hamar)">
Arbeideren (Hamar)

Arbeideren ("The Worker") was a Norwegian newspaper, published in Hamar, Hedmark county. It was started in 1909 as the press organ of the Labour Party in Hedemarken and its adjoining regions, and was called Demokraten ("The Democrat") until 1923. It was issued three days a week between 1909 and 1913, six days a week in 1914, three days a week again between 1914 and 1918 before again increasing to six days a week. It was renamed to "Arbeideren" in 1923, and in the same year it was taken over by the Norwegian Communist Party. The Communist Party incorporated the newspaper "Gudbrandsdalens Arbeiderblad" into "Arbeideren" in 1924, and until 1929 the newspaper was published under the name Arbeideren og Gudbrandsdalens Arbeiderblad. After "Arbeideren" had gone defunct, the name was used by the Communist Party for other newspapers elsewhere.
The chief editors of the newspaper were Olav Kringen (1909–1913), Ole Holmen (1912–1913), Fredrik Monsen (1913–1916), Paul O. Løkke (1916–1919), Alfred Aakermann (1919–1920), Olav Larssen (1920–1927), and finally Trond Hegna, Ingvald B. Jacobsen, Olav Scheflo, Eivind Petershagen, and Jørgen Vogt (between 1927 and 1929). Fredrik Monsen, Evald O. Solbakken and Knut Olai Thornæs were acting editors from 1924 to 1925.
Pre-history.
"Demokraten" was originally the name of a short-lived newspaper in Hamar started by Leopold Rasmussen in 1852, connected to the Marcus Thrane movement. Rasmussen started a second newspaper, "Oplands-Posten", in Hamar later in 1852, to compete with his own "Demokraten". An organ for the social liberal labour movement in the district, "Arbeiderbladet" existed from 1889 to 1892 and was published out of different cities, including in Hamar in the year 1890.
A countywide chapter of the Labour Party was established in Hedmark in mid-November 1904. After the countywide party convention in Stange in 1906, the convention summary had to be printed in the Kristiania-based newspaper "Social-Demokraten", as it lacked its own local newspaper. The county board thus decided to buy 1,500 copies of the "Social-Demokraten" to distribute to its members. There was a growing notion that the party needed its own newspaper. In the same year, the labour movement in Solør (south of Hedmark) bought the paper "Solungen", which had existed since 1904. The takeover came into effect on 1 January 1907, and publishing began the following year. "Solungen" pretended to be the labour movement organ for the whole of Hedmark, and outside of Solør it was published as "Hedemarkens Amts Socialdemokrat (Solungen)". However, the rest of Hedmark county was not satisfied with this solution.
Labour Party period.
1909–1913.
The Hamar-based newspaper "Demokraten" ("The Democrat") was started on 15 September 1909. The initiator and first editor was Olav Kringen, who had ample experience as the editor of "Social-Demokraten" from 1903 until 1906. "Demokraten" was the Labour Party organ for the Mjøsa Cities and Hedemarken, but in its first years it also covered Gudbrandsdalen and Østerdalen, two northern regions. The name "Østoplandenes Socialistiske Partiblad" was considered for the newspaper, but the historical name "Demokraten" prevailed. The name was suggested by local Labour MP Karl Amundsen. "Demokraten"'s coverage of Gudbrandsdalen soon ended, and in southern Østerdalen a new labour newspaper, "Østerdalens Arbeiderblad", was set up in 1915. In northern Østerdalen, "Arbeidets Rett" was popular among the labour movement. According to reports in "Demokraten" the newspaper again began to cover news from a part of Gudbrandsdalen, namely the city Lillehammer, in 1912.
When it came to building up a new newspaper, Kringen had a certain personal drive, as he ran for parliament in 1909. When he lost the election, he also lost interest to a certain degree. He resigned in 1912 and Ole Holmen, a member of the Vang municipal council, took over as chief editor. However, he ran afoul of other people involved with the newspaper and was fired in 1913.
The newspaper originally had the tagline ("Socialist Paper for Oplandene"), but in 1910 this was changed to ("Spokesman for the Labour Movement"). It was printed by the company "A. Sæther". The newspaper was issued three times a week until 1 July 1913, from which point it was increased to six times a week. As part of this ambitious increase, "Demokraten" also had 3,000 copies in circulation, unprecedented in its history.
1913–1916.
In 1913 the newspaper's supervisory council hired school teacher Fredrik Monsen to be the new editor. Olav Larssen started his journalist career as a subeditor in the same year. In the newspaper's supervisory council vote, Monsen edged out Waldemar Carlsen with 22 to 4 votes, and also prevailed over other applicants who were seasoned editors, such as Ingvald Førre and Eugène Olaussen. Larssen prevailed over Carlsen and Førre in the vote for the new subeditor.
Only Monsen and Larssen were employed in the newspaper to work with editorial content. In 1913, Monsen managed to contract known personalities from the labour movement as "regular contributors". These were the nationally known figures Olav Kringen, Gunnar Ousland and Johan Falkberget, in addition to Lillehammer politician Petter Nilssen and the locally known politicians Arne Juland (later MP) and Andr. Juell. Danish expatriate Alfred Kruse joined in the autumn of 1913. However, according to Larssen, the prominent writers contracted to "Demokraten" "seldomly wrote" anything.
In his memoirs, Larssen wrote that Monsen was "often aggressive" as editor-in-chief, especially when writing editorials. He got several adversaries in the city's conservative community, especially after donning a badge with the broken rifle, a well-known anti-war symbol. The newspaper competed with the old and popular conservative "Hamar Stiftstidende", the liberal left "Oplandenes Avis", and the liberal "Oplandet".
The practice of issuing the newspaper six days a week became harder after the outbreak of the First World War. The war caused a general rise in prices, and newspaper subscriptions and advertisements both declined. "Demokraten" had to revert to being issued three times a week starting 1 September 1914. In December 1914 it adopted a new tagline, ("Organ for the Labour Party in Hamar and the Hamlets of Hedemarken").
1916–1923.
Monsen and Larssen both left "Demokraten" in 1916. The next editors were Paul O. Løkke, who served from 1916 to 1919, and Alfred Aakermann, from 1919 to 1920. Larssen returned in 1920 as editor-in-chief. Georg Svendsen was the subeditor from 1918 until 1921, when Evald O. Solbakken started in the newspaper as subeditor. Still, there were only two people to deliver the editorial content.
As the war years went, the newspaper's finances gradually improved. The Norwegian state became more active in production and trade and contributed many advertisements. "Demokraten" acquired its own type-setting machine in October 1918 and a printing press in 1917, which it used from 1 January 1918. From 1 July 1918, circulation once again increased to six days a week.
Communist Party period.
In 1923, the newspaper was renamed "Arbeideren" ("The Worker"), and the first issue with this name was released on 1 May 1923, the International Workers' Day. The change followed a letter in 1922 from the Comintern Executive, which stated that no newspaper belonging to a Comintern member organization should have "Social Democrat" or "Democrat" as a part of its title. The printing press of the party changed its name accordingly, to "Arbeiderens trykkeri".
In the same year, 1923, the Labour Party broke out of the Comintern. Subsequently the Communist Party broke away from the Labour Party. The local chapter of the Labour Party in Hamar decided to side with the Communist Party in November 1923, in a 123–22 vote. "Arbeideren" was then taken away from Labour, as the supervisory council decided by a 65 to 5 vote that it should follow the Communists. "Arbeideren" was one of thirteen Labour newspapers that broke away from the party and followed the Communists (one, "Nordlys", later returned to Labour). Since 15 February 1924 the newspaper was published under the name "Arbeideren og Gudbrandsdalens Arbeiderblad", as the Communist Party had seen fit to merge "Arbeideren" with Lillehammer-based "Gudbrandsdalens Arbeiderblad".
Editor Larssen and subeditor Solbakken both joined the Communist Party in 1923 and continued running the newspaper. As Olav Larssen was asked by the party to be the acting editor of "Norges Kommunistblad" in the winter of 1924–1925, Fredrik Monsen, Evald Solbakken, and Knut Olai Thornæs were acting editors between 1924 and 1925. Larssen eventually drifted away from the mainstream of the Communist Party. In late 1926 and early 1927 he voiced his opinion in columns that the Communist Party should contribute to the imminent merger of the Labour Party and the Social Democratic Labour Party. A local party convention strongly rebuked this opinion. Larssen was thus replaced in January 1927 and left the Communist Party, and Solbakken soon followed suit. Fredrik Monsen left the party at the same time.
Information differs as to who replaced Larssen. According to Evald Solbakken, and also to the reference bibliography "Norske aviser 1763–1969", the replacement was Olav Scheflo, who needed a stand-in, Ingvald B. Jacobsen, for the first period. According to the encyclopaedia "Arbeidernes Leksikon" and historian Einhart Lorenz, Trond Hegna was the editor in 1927, before he took over "Norges Kommunistblad" in the summer of 1927. Hegna's main job was to edit the periodical "Mot Dag", but in this period the people of "Mot Dag" had an informal influence on the Communist Party and several of their newspapers. Scheflo formally edited the newspaper from 1927 to 1928, with Eivind Petershagen as acting editor from late 1927. In 1928 Petershagen formally took over, only to have Jørgen Vogt become acting editor later that year. Vogt took over in 1929.
As many newspapers belonging to the dwindling Communist Party, "Arbeideren" would cease to exist before the end of the 1920s. It was still published six times a week, but had to give up its printing press in 1929, switching to Samtrykk in Oslo. The last ever issue of "Arbeideren og Gudbrandsdalens Arbeiderblad" was published on 4 October 1929.
Aftermath.
A month after "Arbeideren" went defunct, the Communist Party gave its name to a new newspaper, which was set up as the new main newspaper of the Communist Party in 1930. This new paper was based in Oslo as the replacement of "Norges Kommunistblad", which had been liquidated as well. Olav Larssen and Evald Solbakken found a new outlet in "Hamar Arbeiderblad", which had been set up as the new Hamar organ of the Labour Party in 1925. The Communist Party later tried to create a weekly newspaper in Hamar, "Rød Front", but it was short-lived and existed only between 1932 and 1933. The Oslo version of "Arbeideren" went defunct in 1940, and many years after that, the name was used from 1951 to 1953 for a third newspaper, published in Brumunddal, not far from Hamar city.

</doc>
<doc id="20084588" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084588" title="Poliche">
Poliche

Poliche is a 1934 French drama film directed by Abel Gance. 

</doc>
<doc id="20084600" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084600" title="Moderation (statistics)">
Moderation (statistics)

In statistics and regression analysis, moderation occurs when the relationship between two variables depends on a third variable. The third variable is referred to as the moderator variable or simply the moderator. The effect of a moderating variable is characterized statistically as an interaction; that is, a qualitative (e.g., sex, race, class) or quantitative (e.g., level of reward) variable that affects the direction and/or strength of the relation between dependent and independent variables. Specifically within a correlational analysis framework, a moderator is a third variable that affects the zero-order correlation between two other variables, or the value of the slope of the dependent variable on the independent variable. In analysis of variance (ANOVA) terms, a basic moderator effect can be represented as an interaction between a focal independent variable and a factor that specifies the appropriate conditions for its operation.
Example.
Moderation analysis in the behavioral sciences involves the use of linear multiple regression analysis or causal modelling. To quantify the effect of a moderating variable in multiple regression analyses, regressing random variable "Y" on "X", an additional term is added to the model. This term is the interaction between "X" and the proposed moderating variable. 
Thus, for a response "Y" and two variables "x"1 and moderating variable "x"2,:
In this case, the role of "x"2 as a moderating variable is accomplished by evaluating "b"3, the parameter estimate for the interaction term. See linear regression for discussion of statistical evaluation of parameter estimates in regression analyses.
Multicollinearity in moderated regression.
In moderated regression analysis, a new interaction predictor (formula_2) is calculated. However, the new interaction term will be correlated with the two main effects terms used to calculate it. This is the problem of multicollinearity in moderated regression. Multicollinearity tends to cause coefficients to be estimated with higher standard errors and hence greater uncertainty.
Post-hoc probing of interactions.
Like simple main effect analysis in ANOVA, in post-hoc probing of interactions in regression, we are examining the simple slope of one independent variable at the specific values of the other independent variable. Below is an example of probing two-way interactions. 
In what follows the regression equation with two variables A and B and an interaction term A*B, 
will be considered.
Two categorical independent variables.
If both of the independent variables are categorical variables, we can analyze the results of the regression for one independent variable at a specific level of the other independent variable. For example, suppose that both A and B are single dummy coded (0,1) variables, and that A represents ethnicity (0 = European Americans, 1 = East Asians) and B represents the condition in the study (0 = control, 1 = experimental). Then the interaction effect shows whether the effect of condition on the dependent variable Y is different for European Americans and East Asians and whether the effect of ethnic status is different for the two conditions. 
The coefficient of A shows the ethnicity effect on Y for the control condition, while the coefficient of B shows the effect of imposing the experimental condition for European American participants.
To probe if there is any significant difference between European Americans and East Asians in the experimental condition, we can simply run the analysis with the condition variable reverse-coded (0 = experimental, 1 = control), so that the coefficient for ethnicity represents the ethnicity effect on Y in the experimental condition. In a similar vein, if we want to see whether the treatment has an effect for East Asian participants, we can reverse code the ethnicity variable (0 = East Asians, 1 = European Americans).
One categorical and One continuous independent variable.
If the first independent variable is a categorical variable (e.g. gender) and the second is a continuous variable (e.g. scores on the Satisfaction With Life Scale (SWLS)), then b1 represents the difference in the dependent variable between males and females when life satisfaction is zero. However, a zero score on the Satisfaction With Life Scale is meaningless as the range of the score is from 7 to 35. This is where centering comes in. If we subtract the mean of the SWLS score for the sample from each participant's score, the mean of the resulting centered SWLS score is zero. When the analysis is run again, b1 now represents the difference between males and females at the mean level of the SWLS score of the sample.
Cohen et al. (2003) recommended using the following to probe the simple effect of gender on the dependent variable (Y) at three levels of the continuous independent variable: high (one standard deviation above the mean), moderate (at the mean), and low (one standard deviation below the mean). If the scores of the continuous variable are not standardized, one can just calculate these three values by adding or subtracting one standard deviation of the original scores; if the scores of the continuous variable are standardized, one can calculate the three values as follows: high = the standardized score minus 1, moderate (mean = 0), low = the standardized score plus 1. Then one can explore the effects of gender on the dependent variable (Y) at high, moderate, and low levels of the SWLS score. As with two categorical independent variables, b2 represents the effect of the SWLS score on the dependent variable for females. By reverse coding the gender variable, one can get the effect of the SWLS score on the dependent variable for males.
Coding in moderated regression.
When treating categorical variables such as ethnic groups and experimental treatments as independent variables in moderated regression, one needs to code the variables so that each code variable represents a specific setting of the categorical variable. There are three basic ways of coding: Dummy-variable coding, Effects coding, and Contrast coding. Below is an introduction to these coding systems.
Dummy coding is used when one has a reference group or one condition in particular (e.g. a control group in the experiment) that is to be compared to each of the other experimental groups. In this case, the intercept is the mean of the reference group, and each of the unstandardized regression coefficients is the difference in the dependent variable between one of the treatment groups and the mean of the reference group (or control group). This coding system is similar to ANOVA analysis, and is appropriate when researchers have a specific reference group and want to compare each of the other groups with it. 
Effects coding is used when one does not have a particular comparison or control group and does not have any planned orthogonal contrasts. The intercept is the grand mean (the mean of all the conditions). The regression coefficient is the difference between the mean of one group and the mean of all the group means (e.g. the mean of group A minus the mean of all groups). This coding system is appropriate when the groups represent natural categories. 
Contrast coding is used when one has a series of orthogonal contrasts or group comparisons that are to be investigated. In this case, the intercept is the unweighted mean of the individual group means. The unstandardized regression coefficient represents the difference between the unweighted mean of the means of one group (A) and the unweighted mean of another group (B), where A and B are two sets of groups in the contrast. This coding system is appropriate when researchers have an a priori hypothesis concerning the specific differences among the group means.
Two continuous independent variables.
If both of the independent variables are continuous, it is helpful for interpretation to either center or standardize the independent variables, X and Z. (Centering involves subtracting the overall sample mean score from the original score; standardizing does the same followed by dividing by the overall sample standard deviation.) By centering or standardizing the independent variables, the coefficient of X or Z can be interpreted as the effect of that variable on Y at the mean level of the other independent variable.
To probe the interaction effect, it is often helpful to plot the effect of X on Y at low and high values of Z (some people prefer to also plot the effect at moderate values of Z, but this is not necessary). Often values of Z that are one standard deviation above and below the mean are chosen for this, but any sensible values can be used (and in some cases there are more meaningful values to choose). The plot is usually drawn by evaluating the values of Y for high and low values of both X and Z, and creating two lines to represent the effect of X on Y at the two values of Z. Sometimes this is supplemented by simple slope analysis, which determines whether the effect of X on Y is statistically significant at particular values of Z. Various internet-based tools exist to help researchers plot and interpret such two-way interactions.
Higher level interactions.
The principles for two-way interactions apply when we want to explore three-way or higher level interactions. For instance, if we have a three-way interaction between A, B, and C, the regression equation will be as follows: 
formula_4
Spurious higher-order effects.
It is worth noting that the reliability of the higher-order terms depends on the reliability of the lower-order terms. For example, if the reliability for variable A is .70, and reliability for variable B is .80, then the reliability for the interaction variable A*B is .70*.80 = .56. In this case, low reliability of the interaction term leads to low power; therefore, we may not be able to find the interaction effects between A and B that actually exist. The solution for this problem is to use highly reliable measures for each independent variable.
Another caveat for interpreting the interaction effects is that when variable A and variable B are highly correlated, then the A * B term will be highly correlated with the omitted variable A2; consequently what appears to be a significant moderation effect might actually be a significant nonlinear effect of A alone. If this is the case, it is worth testing a nonlinear regression model by adding nonlinear terms in individual variables into the moderated regression analysis to see if the interactions remain significant. If the interaction effect A*B is still significant, we will be more confident in saying that there is indeed a moderation effect; however, if the interaction effect is no longer significant after adding the nonlinear term, we will be less certain about the existence of a moderation effect and the nonlinear model will be preferred because it is more parsimonious.

</doc>
<doc id="20084604" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084604" title="Cwmdauddwr">
Cwmdauddwr

Cwmdauddwr (rarely referred to by its full name of Llansantffraid Cwmdauddwr) is a village in Powys, Wales. 
It is contiguous with the town of Rhayader on the opposite side of the River Wye. The village is located on the B4518 road linking Rhayader with the Elan Valley Reservoirs.
The village is home to a number of local shops, a pub (The Triangle Inn), village hall and a parish church dedicated to St. Brides.
The Groe, a large park on the banks of the river has walks, play areas and sports pitches.
Rhayader railway station was situated in the village until its closure in 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="20084607" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084607" title="The Duchess of Windsor (Mosley biography)">
The Duchess of Windsor (Mosley biography)

The Duchess of Windsor is a 1980 biography of Wallis, Duchess of Windsor by Diana Mosley. The book was published by Sidgwick & Jackson and by Gibson Square in 2003. In Paris, Mosley and her husband Oswald Mosley were long-term neighbours and friends of Wallis, Duchess of Windsor and Edward VIII. On 26 June 1980, she was interviewed by Russell Harty on the BBC to discuss the project.
Synopsis.
The American divorcée (Simpson) attracted media attention when she married Edward VIII of the United Kingdom. Due to the divisive political issue of the proposed marriage, the king was forced to abdicate the throne in order to pursue marriage with Simpson. The author (Mosley) was a confidante and neighbour of the Duchess.
Later editions.
In the revised 2003 edition, Mosley addresses latest allegations of secret service reports about the Windsors' conduct during the war and the abdication.
Simpson returned to the public consciousness in 2012 with the release of the biopic, "W.E.. Mosley's biography was re-released in 2012 and an extract was published by the "Daily Express".
Contents.
The book has been published in both paperback and hardback and also features several illustrations.
Index (220)

</doc>
<doc id="20084624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084624" title="1996 Italian Open (tennis)">
1996 Italian Open (tennis)

The 1996 Italian Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts. It was the 53rd edition of the Rome Masters and was part of the Mercedes Super 9 of the 1996 ATP Tour and of Tier I of the 1996 WTA Tour. Both the men's and women's events took place at the Foro Italico in Rome in Italy. The women's tournament was played from May 6 through May 12, 1996 while the men's tournament was played from May 13 through May 19, 1996.
The men's tournament was headlined by ATP No. 2, Monte Carlo, Estoril, Acapulco and Barcelona champion Thomas Muster, Zagreb, Dubai, Milan, Rotterdam titlist and Key Biscayne runner-up Goran Ivanišević and Adelaide winner, St. Petersburg and Rotterdam finalist Yevgeny Kafelnikov. Also present were Chennai winner Thomas Enqvist, Philadelphia champion Jim Courier, Wayne Ferreira, Marcelo Ríos and Sergi Bruguera.
The women's field was led by WTA No. 1, Indian Wells, Key Biscayne, Berlin champion and WTA Tour Championships defending champion Steffi Graf, Indian Wells, Hamburg runner-up and Australian Open quarterfinalist Conchita Martínez and Hilton Head winner and Wimbledon runner-up Arantxa Sánchez Vicario. Also competing were Tokyo winner Iva Majoli, Magdalena Maleeva, Martina Hingis, Irina Spîrlea and Nathalie Tauziat.

</doc>
<doc id="20084648" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084648" title="Prussian T 5">
Prussian T 5

The Prussian state railways grouped a variety of different types of passenger tank locomotive into its Prussian Class T 5. Several examples of the sub-classes T 5.1 and T 5.2 transferred into the Deutsche Reichsbahn as DRG Classes 71.0 and 72.0.
Prussian T 5.1.
No less than 309 Class T 5.1 engines, which had a 2-4-2T wheel arrangement, were built by Henschel from 1895 to 1905. They were initially procured for the Berlin Stadtbahn routes, in order to replace the older 2-4-0T and 0-4-2T locomotives which were no longer powerful enough. Later, they were also given to many other railway divisions. Another 20 locomotives went into the Grand Duchy of Oldenburg State Railways as Oldenburg T 5.1s. 
Following the appearance of more powerful engines the T 5.1 was ousted from branch line services. Although there were still 115 locomotives shown in the 1923 DRG renumbering plan for steam locomotives as numbers 71 001–018, 021–028, 032–119 and 72 016, by 1925 this had reduced to just 26 engines with running numbers 71 001–026. By 1930 all of them had been retired.
In 1934, the range of numbers from 71 001 to 71 006 was re-used for the standard locomotives ("Einheitslokomotiven") of the DRG Class 71.0.
In World War II four T 5.1 engines from Poland (ex-PKP class OKe1) were recorded as 71 7001–7004 in the Reichsbahn fleet, but the locomotives did not carry those numbers.
There are no surviving examples of the Prussian Class T 5.1.
Prussian T 5.2.
The locomotives of Prussian Class T 5.2 (also known as the "Wannsee" Variant) were built by the firms of Henschel (30 examples) and Grafenstaden (6 examples). They were intended for traffic between Berlin and Potsdam and were to replace the T 5.1s on the Berlin Stadtbahn. 
A 4-4-0T wheel arrangement promised to result in better riding qualities than those of the T 5.1. However the T 5.2s were less suited to running cab first due to the lack of a trailing axle and the large driving wheels, and so their employment was restricted to the Berlin ring.
In 1923 the Reichsbahn had still intended to include 20 locomotives as numbers 71 019, 020, 029 - 031 and 72 001–015 in their renumbering plan, but only took over two of them into their final numbering scheme in 1925, with numbers 72 001 and 72 002. They were retired by 1926. 
In 1941 two more engines from the Eutin-Lübeck Railway Company, built by Henschel in 1911, came into the Reichsbahn fleet. They were given numbers 72 001 and 002. One of the two engines, which had both been converted to superheated working, remained in the ownership of the Deutsche Reichsbahn in East Germany until 1955.
No examples of the Prussian Class T 5.2 locomotive have survived.
Prussian T 5.2 (Superheated).
The superheated variant of the Prussian T 5.was the first superheated tank locomotive in the Prussian state railways. They were built to a "Schmidt" design and had better performance than the saturated steam variant of the T 5.2. Externally they differed from the wet steam T 5.2 locomotive in that they had a higher smokebox, a different location for the steam dome and a longer wheelbase. The two locomotives were built in 1900 by Henschel. They were not taken into Reichsbahn service.
0-6-0T Prussian T 5 of the Main-Neckar Railway.
The Prussian T 5 locomotives for the Main-Neckar Railway, that went into Prussian ownership in 1866, were intended for the route between Weinheim and Fürth (Odenwald) (Weschnitz Valley Railway). But they ended up being used on the line between Frankfurt and Heidelberg, because difficulties occurred on the steep sections of the route. The six locomotives had been built in 1896 and 1898 by the Maschinenbau-Gesellschaft Karlsruhe.
No Main-Neckar variants of the 0-6-0T Prussian Class T 5 have been preserved.
2-6-0T Prussian T 5 of the Main-Neckar Railway.
In addition to the 0-6-0T locomotives, four 2-6-0T engines from the Main-Neckar Railway also entered the Prussian state railways. They had been built in 1899 by the Maschinenbau-Gesellschaft Karlsruhe. From 1906 they were numbered as "Mainz 6691–6694".
Prussian T 5 of the Lower Elbe Railway.
The T 5s of the Lower Elbe Railway Company were passenger tank locomotives with a 2-4-2T wheel arrangement. The ten locomotives had been ordered for services on the Harburg–Cuxhaven line in 1880 by the Elsässischen Maschinenbau-Gesellschaft Grafenstaden. From 1906 they were given the running numbers "Altona 6601–6609" and were retired by 1911.

</doc>
<doc id="20084649" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084649" title="Indian Monsoon Current">
Indian Monsoon Current

The Indian Monsoon Current refers to the seasonally varying ocean current regime found in the tropical regions of the northern Indian Ocean. During winter, the flow of the upper ocean is directed westward from near the Indonesian Archipelago to the Arabian Sea. During the summer, the direction reverses, with eastward flow extending from Somalia into the Bay of Bengal. These variations are due to changes in the wind stress associated with the Indian monsoon. The seasonally reversing open ocean currents that pass south of India are referred to as the Winter Monsoon Current and the Summer Monsoon Current (alternately, the Northeast Monsoon Current and the Southwest Monsoon Current). The Somali Current, which is strongly linked to the Indian monsoon, is also discussed in this article.
Overview.
Historical perspective.
Although Mariners have been aware of the existence of the Monsoon current for nearly one thousand years, a detailed understanding did not emerge until after the International Indian Ocean Expedition of the 1960s. The World Ocean Circulation Experiment of the mid 1990s permitted detailed measurement of these currents through an extensive field campaign.
Atmospheric forcing.
In the northern hemisphere tropical regions of the Atlantic and Pacific oceans, surface winds blow predominantly from the northeast year round, with westward-flowing ocean currents underneath. The Indian Ocean differs from the Atlantic and Pacific in that a continental landmass forms a complete northern boundary at relatively low latitudes. 
Monsoonal circulations are driven by the differences in temperature between land masses and adjacent oceans. Because water has a larger thermal capacity than air, land surfaces will heat more rapidly during the summer season. The Indian monsoon consists of two phases. During the northern hemisphere winter, the cool Asian landmass contains a broad area of high pressure, whereas lower pressures prevail over the warmer Indian ocean and hot Australian continent. This pressure pattern helps to reinforce the northeasterly trade winds. During the northern hemisphere summer, the Asian landmass (especially the Indian subcontinent) heats considerably, generating an area of low pressure to the north. Circulation about this low generates strong winds from the southwest over the Arabian Sea and along the Somali coast. These winds are enhanced by the formation of an atmospheric western boundary current created by the high terrain over eastern Africa.
A consequence of the Coriolis effect, Ekman theory explains that oceanic flow at the surface is directed at 45 degrees to the right of the wind stress in the Northern Hemisphere. Thus, winds blowing from the southwest result in eastward currents, while winds blowing from the northeast result in westward currents.
Structure and evolution.
Winter season structure.
The Winter Monsoon Current extends from the Bay of Bengal, around India and Sri Lanka, and across the Arabian Sea at a latitude of approximately 8 degrees North. Currents flow to the southwest along the coast of Somalia to the equator.
Measurements of the strengths of these currents have been obtained from ship drift records. The Northeast Monsoon Current is westward only during the months of January through March, and is strongest in February when it reaches 50 cm s−1. Estimates of westward volume transport range from 7 to 14 Sverdrups.
Summer season structure.
The Somali Current, which describes the flow along the Horn of Africa from the equator to around 9 degrees north, also shifts direction seasonally with the monsoon winds. It eventually separates from the coastline, turning to the right as it enters the Arabian Sea. The Summer Monsoon Current, located between 10 and 15 North latitude in the Arabian Sea, bends around India and Sri Lanka, and enters the Bay of Bengal. The Great Whirl is a gyre located around 10 N and 55 E, and is only present during the summer season.
During the summer when the current flows toward the northeast, Ekman transport (to the right of the flow in the Northern Hemisphere) is offshore, transporting warmer waters deeper into the Arabian sea, and permitting upwelling of cooler waters along the coast. This sea surface temperature pattern (cooler waters west of warmer waters) reinforces the northward current through geostrophic flow.
The Southwest Monsoon Current is eastward from April through November, and reaches a peak intensity of 30 cm s−1 during the summer months. During a 1995 field campaign, the Somali current was measured to transport 37 +/- 5 Sv during mid-September.
Evolution.
The rapid initiation of seasonal currents (over the time period of several weeks) can be explained theoretically in terms of linear theory with a Rossby wave response. The Monsoon Current can also be viewed in terms of local forcing processes that act in concert to create the mature, basin-wide system. The evolution of these currents have been reproduced in dynamical models of the ocean-atmosphere system.

</doc>
<doc id="20084662" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084662" title="Blue Christmas (Ricky Van Shelton album)">
Blue Christmas (Ricky Van Shelton album)

Blue Christmas is the second album of Christmas music by country music artist Ricky Van Shelton. It features one original song and several others that were reprised from his first Christmas album, "Ricky Van Shelton Sings Christmas".

</doc>
<doc id="20084683" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084683" title="Daltmar">
Daltmar

Daltmar is a population center that belongs to the municipality of Olèrdola, region of Alt Penedès of the province of Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain. 
It is located a short distance from Vilafranca del Penedes, and is the third-largest city core by population, 353 in 2007. 

</doc>
<doc id="20084705" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084705" title="Rapala cassidyi">
Rapala cassidyi

Cassidy's Flash "Rapala cassidyi"is a Lycaenid butterfly found in Sulawesi. It was discovered in 1985 during the Project Wallace expedition of the Royal Entomological Society. The female remains undescribed.
Range.
North Sulawesi, Dumoga-Bone National Park.
Description.
The upperside of the male is unusual in that it has only a small amount of pale orange on the discal area of the forewing below the cell; a pattern more reminiscent of females of the genus. The underside ground colour is light slate-brown with a glossy sheen. The usual post-discal striae or the genus are present in an ochreous colour and there is a diffuse ochreous marginal band on both wings.

</doc>
<doc id="20084712" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084712" title="Theresa Wolfson">
Theresa Wolfson

Theresa Wolfson (1897–1972) was an American labor economist and educator. Wolfson is best remembered as the education director of the International Ladies' Garment Workers' Union during the second half of the 1920s and as a leader of the workers education movement during the 1930s.
Biography.
Early years.
Theresa Wolfson was born July 19, 1897 in Brooklyn, New York. Wolfson's parents, Adolph Wolfson and Rebecca Hochstein Wolfson, were ethnic Jewish radicals who emigrated from Russia in 1894 to escape the pervasive anti-semitism and political persecution of the Tsarist regime.
During her elementary school years Wolfson attended public school in Brooklyn before attending high school at Far Rockaway, Long Island.
Wolfson attended Adelphi College in Garden City, New York, where she helped to organize a campus chapter of the Intercollegiate Socialist Society in 1916. Following her graduation in 1917, Wolfson worked as a volunteer health worker at a settlement house in New York City. 
Career.
In 1918 Wolfson became a field investigator for the National Child Labor Committee, remaining at that job until 1920. In this capacity Wolfson was the author of several reports on child labor in the textile industry of North Carolina.
From 1920 to 1922, Wolfson served as Executive Director of the New York Consumers' League, heading its political efforts on behalf of the 8-hour day and minimum wage legislation.
During this time Wolfson also attended graduate courses, receiving a Master's degree in economics in 1922 from Columbia University and completing her PhD in 1924. She also taught briefly as an instructor at Barnard College in this interval.
Following completion of her academic work, Wolfson went to work for the International Ladies' Garment Workers' Union as the education director of its Union Health Center. She also became involved in the workers' education movement by teaching at the Bryn Mawr Summer School for Women Workers in Industry and by lecturing at Brookwood Labor College, headed by A.J. Muste.
She published her dissertation "The Woman Worker and the Trade Unions" in 1926.
In 1928 Wolfson accepted a post at Brooklyn College (at the time a branch of Hunter College), where she remained as a professor of economics and labor relations until her retirement in 1967. Wolfson also remained active in workers' education as a teacher during summer schools conducted by the American Labor Education Service. For this activity Wolfson was recognized in 1957 with the John Dewey Award of the League for Industrial Democracy.
Wolfson's work in the field of labor relations focused on the education and advancement of women in the workplace, and the unequal treatment of women within trade unions.
Personal life.
Wolfson married Dr. Iago Galdston, a psychiatrist, in 1920. The couple had two children before divorcing in 1935. In 1938 Wolfson married Austin Bigelow Wood, a psychology instructor on the staff with her at Brooklyn College.
Her brother Victor Wolfson was a notable playwright and novelist.
Death and legacy.
Theresa Wolfson died on May 14, 1972 at the age of 74. 
A scholarship in her name allows a Brooklyn College student to pursue graduate studies in labor economics each year.
Wolfson's papers are held at Cornell University in Ithaca, New York at the school's Catherwood Library.

</doc>
<doc id="20084723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084723" title="The Sunday Times Magazine">
The Sunday Times Magazine

The Sunday Times Magazine is a magazine included with "The Sunday Times". In 1962 it became the first colour supplement to be published as a supplement to a UK newspaper, and its arrival “broke the mould of weekend newspaper publishing”. The magazine is renowned for its in-depth journalism, high-quality photography and extensive range of subject matter. It has had many famous contributors, including international authors, photographers and artists.
History.
The first edition of "The Sunday Times Colour Section" was published on February 4, 1962, and included some significant harbingers of the Swinging Sixties. These included 11 photographs on the cover of Jean Shrimpton wearing a Mary Quant dress, photographed by David Bailey, and a new James Bond story by Ian Fleming, entitled "The Living Daylights" – a title that would be used for a Bond film 25 years later. The publication subsequently changed its title to "The Sunday Times Colour Magazine", and was modified shortly afterwards to "The Sunday Times Magazine". The first editor was Mark Boxer; subsequent editors included Godfrey Smith, Hunter Davies, Ron Hall, Philip Clarke and Robin Morgan. The present editor, Sarah Baxter, took over in 2009.
Over the past half-century, the magazine has published lengthy and detailed articles on many major events, from the Great Train Robbery to 9/11, from Beatlemania to Britart, and from the 1969 moon landing to the 2012 London Olympic Games. The magazine published images from the Vietnam war by the award-winning photographer Don McCullin, a photo-essay on the Vatican by Eve Arnold, many portraits and photo-essays by Lord Snowdon, and Bert Stern's final photoshoot with Marilyn Monroe, among many other photographic collections.
The magazine's weekly columnists have included Jilly Cooper, Zoë Heller and Daisy Waugh and its best known cover artists have included Sir Peter Blake, David Hockney, Alan Aldridge and Ian Dury.
Since 1977 the magazine has published the column "A Life In The Day", which has revealed intimate everyday details via interviews with many prominent people, including Nelson Mandela, Muhammad Ali, Paul McCartney, Nancy Dell’Olio, Muammar Gaddafi, Kate Winslet and Celine Dion.
Recent highlights in the magazine have included David James Smith's account of the 9/11 victims who jumped from the World Trade Center ("The Fallen"), for which Smith won Features Reporter of the Year at the British Press Awards for 2011; Lynn Barber's 2010 interview with the writer Christopher Hitchens; and John Arlidge's 2009 interview with Lloyd Blankfein, chairman and CEO of Goldman Sachs (“‘I’m Doing God’s Work.’ Meet Mr Goldman Sachs”).
In 1990 the magazine established the Ian Parry Scholarship, in order to encourage young photographers and help them to undertake the assignments of their choice. The scholarship was created in honour of Ian Parry, who was killed in Romania in 1989, at the age of 24, while on assignment for the magazine. Prizes are still awarded annually to winning entrants.
In December 2010, the magazine became viewable on the Apple iPad, and in February 2012 it celebrated its 50th anniversary. It now has a print circulation of nearly 1 million, and nearly 69 million digital page views were recorded in April 2012.
Special editions.
"The Sunday Times Magazine" has published many special editions, with subjects ranging across politics, the arts, science and sport. Subjects have included the Beatles, the Olympic Games, James Bond, and the Star Wars film franchise.
On February 5, 2012, the magazine published a special edition to celebrate 50 years of publication, which included the feature “Makers & Shakers 1962–2012”, for which "Sunday Times" editors and experts selected “the 50 most influential Britons of the past 50 years”. On August 19, 2012, an 82-page photographic souvenir edition of the magazine was published to celebrate the 2012 Olympic Games in London.
Exhibitions.
The exhibition “Cover Story: The Art and Photojournalism of The Sunday Times Magazine” – featuring selected covers from the publication between 1962 and 2006 – was mounted at Proud Camden, London, in September and October 2006.
The magazine held its 50th Anniversary exhibition at the Saatchi Gallery in February 2012. The show attracted 200,000 people, and was so popular that its duration was extended three times. It was described by one critic as “a welcome celebration of the power of print journalism”.
The Ian Parry Scholarship Exhibition is held every summer, showing the work of winning and commended photographers.

</doc>
<doc id="20084724" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084724" title="Miloslav Topinka">
Miloslav Topinka

Miloslav Topinka (July 4, 1945, Nový Etynk near Jindřichův Hradec) is a Czech poet.
He graduated from psychology at the Charles University. In 1968 he took part in the student Expedition Lambaréné as the expedition's psychologist. In 1969 he became an editor of a monthly revue called "Sešity". After it was banned, he worked as a psychologist and a clerk; he spent the years 1980–1987 in Casablanca. After his return to Czechoslovakia he worked among other professions as a translator and editor of authors such as Rimbaud, Gilbert-Lecomte, Věra Linhartová, Kolář, Petr Kabeš etc. Miloslav Topinka lives in Prague.
Bibliography.
Topinka's main themes are what he calls "the crack" - in other words, how to break from one's hidespot through to "4th dimension" - something that e. g. Marcel Duchamp or Paul Celan ("Light-Compulsion", 1970) wrote about as well; and "silence" (one of his interviews is called "Anyone who ever thought about poetry, must ask oneself 'Why did Rimbaud stop writing?'" ), embracing the idea that a poet's main goal is his/her existence itself. In his most celebrated book, "The Crack", he uses many experimental techniques, such as transparent paper, holes in pages etc. to enable the reader to see differently. The book is about such people and events as Nerval, Rimbaud, Buhl; and Hiroshima.
Poetry
Biography
Essays
Editor
For children

</doc>
<doc id="20084728" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084728" title="Beaubourg (disambiguation)">
Beaubourg (disambiguation)

Beaubourg is a complex in the Beaubourg area of the 4th arrondissement of Paris.
Beaubourg may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20084733" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084733" title="Extreme sports at the 2007 Asian Indoor Games">
Extreme sports at the 2007 Asian Indoor Games

Extreme sports at the 2007 Asian Indoor Games was held in MUST Pavilion, Macau, China from 26 October to 2 November 2007.
Results.
BMX freestyle.
Big air.
October 27
Flatland.
Preliminary.
November 1
Final.
November 2
Park.
Preliminary.
October 26
Final.
October 28
Park best technical.
October 28
Vert.
Preliminary.
October 30
Final.
November 2
Inline skate.
Big air.
October 28
Park.
Preliminary.
October 26
Final.
October 28
Park best technical.
October 27
Vert.
Preliminary.
October 31
Final.
November 2
Skateboard.
Park.
Preliminary.
October 27
Final.
October 28
Park best technical.
October 27

</doc>
<doc id="20084753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084753" title="Commonwealth Land Title Insurance Company">
Commonwealth Land Title Insurance Company

The Real Estate Title Insurance Company of Philadelphia was the world's first title insurance company.
Background.
Prior to the invention of title insurance buyers in real estate transactions bore sole responsibility for ensuring the validity of the land title held by the seller. If the title were later deemed invalid or found to be fraudulent, the buyer lost their investment.
In 1868, the case of Watson v. Muirhead was heard by the Pennsylvania Supreme Court. Plaintiff Muirhead had lost his investment in a real estate transaction as the result of a prior lien on the property. Defendant Watson, the conveyancer, had discovered the lien prior to the sale but told Muirhead the title was clear after his lawyer had (erroneously) determined that the lien was not valid.
The courts ruled that Watson (and others in similar situations) was not liable for mistakes based on professional opinions.
As a result of the case the Pennsylvania legislature included a section allowing for the incorporation of title insurance companies in The General Corporation Act passed an 1874.
History.
Joshua H. Morris, a conveyancer in Philadelphia, and several colleagues met on 28 March 1876 to incorporate the first title insurance company to address the issue. The new firm, they stated, would "insure the purchasers of real estate and mortgages against losses from defective titles, liens and encumbrances," and that "through these facilities, transfer of real estate and real estate securities can be made more speedily and with greater security than heretofore." It took the name of The Real Estate Title Insurance Company of Philadelphia.
Martha Morris, Joshua's aunt, purchased the first policy, valued at $1,500, on 24 June 1876 to cover a mortgage on a home on 718 North 43rd Street in Philadelphia.
In 1881 the company changed its name to The Real Estate Title Insurance and Trust Company of Philadelphia and in 1927 merged with the Land Title and Trust Company (founded in 1885) and the West End Trust Company to form The Real Estate-Land Title and Trust Company, which was shorted to Land Title Bank and Trust Company in 1936. During a merger in 1953 with the Tradesmen National Bank and Trust Company to create the Trademens Land Title Bank and Trust Company, the title insurance division was turned into a wholly owned subsidiary known as the Land Title Insurance Company. It was in 1955 that the Trademens Bank decided to sell off the Land Title Insurance Company to the Commonwealth Title Company. 
The Commonwealth Title Insurance and Trust Company of Philadelphia was incorporated in 1886. In 1928 it merged with the Provident Trust Company which turned its title insurance business over to a wholly owned subsidiary known as Commonwealth Title Insurance Company. The newly formed subsidiary quickly consolidated the title insurance business in Philadelphia by absorbing six local title insurance companies and assuming a new name as the Commonwealth Title Company of Philadelphia in 1929. In 1938 it acquired the Pennsylvania Title Insurance Company from the Central-Penn National Bank.
It was in 1955 that Commonwealth assumed its present name as Commonwealth Land Title Insurance Company through the merger with the Land Title Insurance Company (successor to the old Real Estate Title Insurance Company). In 1964, Commonwealth purchased Louisville Title Insurance Company of Kentucky. Commonwealth merged with Provident National Bank in 1969 and was sold to the Reliance Group, Inc. six years later. As part of the Reliance Group, Commonwealth merged in 1990 with Transamerica Corporation's subsidiary Transamerica Title Insurance Company which later became Transnation Title Company. It later became part of LandAmerica. When LandAmerica went bankrupt, it sold Commonwealth to Fidelity National Financial.

</doc>
<doc id="20084757" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084757" title="DUCS (software)">
DUCS (software)

DUCS was one of two early local teleprocessing packages for IBM's DOS/VSE environment. DUCS was an acronym for Display Unit Control System.
The product.
DUCS provided an interface and access method for programmers to 'talk' to monitors. Such access methods later became known as APIs.
Initially written for the IBM 2260 running under DOS on IBM mainframes, the original product was free for IBM users. With the advent of DOS/VS and the IBM 3270 series terminals, the original author commercialized the product, circa 1970. The company added transparent remote access about 1972.
The product is believed to be the first non-IBM publicly available commercial software package to transmit data via satellite.
Application.
DUCS differed from competing products such as Westi and IBM's own CICS in that it was subordinate to the application's mainline program. Westi, for example, "was" the mainline program and users wrote subroutines to read and write data to and from terminals and discs. This real time paradigm became known as transaction processing.
DUCS reversed that model in that it was, in fact, a subroutine package that read from and wrote to monitors, both local and remote. While DUCS was considerably easier to program and use, it also placed the onus of task management upon the programmer. Correctly designed, a DUCS program was faster than any competing package or access method.
Development.
2260.
Dick Goran wrote the original DOS 2260 package. Its popularity made him realize it had potential as a commercial product, and he left IBM about 1970, and incorporated in Brookline, Massachusetts as CFS, Inc.
3270.
In 1972, IBM released DOS/VS with the IBM/370 and the first IBM 3270 terminals, and CFS began a rewrite for the new products. Former New York IBMer, Leigh Lundin, wrote DUCS Remote, a bi-sync module to handle remote teleprocessing. The bi-sync handler was only 4k, in contrast to IBM's BTAM at 28k, QTAM at 36k, and TCAM at 42k, and VTAM which started at 48k.
Demos.
Lundin wrote games in Fortran and Assembler and Goran in COBOL to demonstrate the API for programmers. To model IBM's new light pen, programmers contributed a simple tic-tac-toe (noughts and crosses), possibly the only practical use of the subsequently discontinued light pen.
Marketing.
DUCS was sold in North America by CFS, Inc, Brookline, Ma.
For overseas sales, CFS engaged in both mail order and local vendors.

</doc>
<doc id="20084768" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084768" title="List of Ukrainian Canadians">
List of Ukrainian Canadians

This is a list of Ukrainian Canadians, including people of mixed origins.

</doc>
<doc id="20084780" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084780" title="Benjamin Pollard">
Benjamin Pollard

Benjamin Pollard TD (12 September 1890 - 11 April 1967) was an Anglican bishop.
Pollard and educated at Manchester Grammar School and the Victoria University of Manchester. He was ordained in 1914 and was a chaplain during World War I with the British Armed Forces. After this he became the Precentor of Sheffield Cathedral and then Rector of Bradfield. From 1924 to 1928 he was Rector of St Chrysostom's Victoria Park, Manchester and then began a long association with the Lancaster area. He was Vicar for eight years and, in his last years there, an archdeacon before his ordination to the episcopate as the first Bishop of Lancaster. He was translated to be the Bishop of Sodor and Man in 1954. He retired in 1966 and died the following year.

</doc>
<doc id="20084826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084826" title="ICC World ODI XI">
ICC World ODI XI


</doc>
<doc id="20084832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084832" title="Cyril Evans">
Cyril Evans

Cyril Evans may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20084839" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084839" title="David Sheridan">
David Sheridan

David Sheridan may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20084909" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084909" title="Languages of the Pitcairn Islands">
Languages of the Pitcairn Islands

There are two languages of Pitcairn Island, English and Pitkern. 
Pitkern is a creole language based on eighteenth-century English and Tahitian and spoken by about fifty people inland not to mention those outside Adamstown, mostly dozens of children leaving Pitcairn while becoming adults. It is partly derived from eighteenth-century English because Pitcairn Island was settled by the Bounty mutineers in the eighteenth century, and they brought some people from Taihiti with them.
Pitkern is closely related to Norfuk spoken on Norfolk Island, where some descendents of the mutineers subsequently settled. 

</doc>
<doc id="20084924" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084924" title="Pseudoreflection">
Pseudoreflection

In mathematics, a pseudoreflection is a transformation of the form
with all but one of the diagonal elements 1. If the space on which this transformation acts has a symmetric bilinear form defined on it, so that vectors can be orthogonal, then the transformation is a true reflection.

</doc>
<doc id="20084925" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084925" title="List of hospitals in Iraq">
List of hospitals in Iraq

This is a list of hospitals in Iraq.
Sulaymaniyah Governorate.
Governmental Hospitals:
Private Hospitals:
Erbil Governorate.
Erbil Directorate of Health (DOH)

</doc>
<doc id="20084941" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084941" title="70th Fighter Wing">
70th Fighter Wing

The 70th Fighter Wing (70th FW) is an inactive United States Air Force unit. Its last assignment was with thr United States Air Forces in Europe, based at Neubiberg Air Base, Germany. It was inactivated on 25 September 1947.
History.
Established and organized at Paine Field, Washington in 1943 as a command and control organization. Deployed to the European Theater of Operations (ETO) in late 1943 and assigned to IX Fighter Command, Ninth Air Force. Initial Mission of the Wing was to receive operational orders from Headquarters, IX Fighter Command and direct subordinate groups in attacking enemy targets in Occupied France and the Low Countries in preparation for the Normandy Invasion in June 1944. Targets included bridges, roads, railroads and enemy interceptor aircraft both on the ground as well as in air-to-air combat.
After the D-Day invasion, was reassigned to IX Tactical Air Command (IX TAC) and directed to provide ground support for advancing United States First Army forces in France, attacking enemy targets initially in the Cotentin Peninsula, then supported Operation Cobra, the breakout of Normandy and attacked enemy forces in the Falaise-Argentan Gap. Wing headquarters and subordinate units operated primarily from liberated airfields and newly built temporary Advanced Landing Grounds in France, moved into north-central France, its groups attacking enemy targets near Paris then north-west into Belgium and the southern Netherlands. In December 1944/January 1945, engaged enemy targets on the north side of the Battle of the Bulge, then moved eastward into the Northern Rhineland as part of the Western Allied invasion of Germany.
Supported First Army as it crossed the Rhine River at Remagen then moved north to attack ground targets in the Ruhr, providing air support as Allied ground forces encircled enemy forces in the Ruhr Pocket, essentially ending organized enemy resistance in Western Germany. First Army halted its advance at the Elbe River in late April 1945, the wing engaging targets of opportunity in enemy controlled-areas until combat was ended on 5 May 1945.
Remained in Europe after the war as part of United States Air Forces in Europe, performing occupation duty and the destruction or shipment to the United States of captured enemy combat equipment. Assigned units also performed air defense duty over the American Zone of Occupation. Inactivated in Germany on 25 September 1947.

</doc>
<doc id="20084947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084947" title="2008–09 Kansas State Wildcats men's basketball team">
2008–09 Kansas State Wildcats men's basketball team

The 2008–09 Kansas State Wildcats men's basketball team represented Kansas State University in the 2008–09 college basketball season. The team was led by second-year head coach Frank Martin. The team played their home games at Bramlage Coliseum, which the team has done since 1988.
Pre-season.
The 2007–08 season was a successful one for the Wildcats. They returned to the NCAA Tournament for the first time since 1996. 2007–08 was also the first season for head coach Frank Martin. Michael Beasley and Bill Walker led the team in scoring and nearly every other offensive category. They were also both drafted, marking the first time since 1990 that a Wildcat was drafted (Steve Henson was the last). It was also the first time since 1982 that more than one Wildcat was drafted (Tyrone Adams, Randy Reed and Ed Nealy.
Regular season.
Kansas State became just the second school in Big 12 history (after Iowa State in 2004–05) to rally from an 0–4 start to get back to at least .500 in conference play. The previous best finish after such a start came in 1983–84 when K-State finished Big Eight play with a 5–9 mark.
The Wildcats finished the conference season in a tie for fourth place with a 9–7 record in the Big 12 and a 21–10 record overall. They earned the number four seed in the 2009 Big 12 Men's Basketball Tournament. 2008–09 marks the third consecutive year that the team earned one of the top 4 spots in the tournament, and thus received a first round bye.
Schedule.
!colspan=9| Exhibition
!colspan=9| Regular Season
!colspan=9| Phillips 66 Big 12 Tournament
!colspan=9| 2009 NIT Tournament

</doc>
<doc id="20084958" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084958" title="Kurash at the 2007 Asian Indoor Games">
Kurash at the 2007 Asian Indoor Games

Kurash was a demonstration sport at the 2007 Asian Indoor Games was held in IPM Multisport Pavilion, Macau, China on 2 November 2007.
Results.
Men.
−73 kg.
November 2
+81 kg.
November 2
Women.
−63 kg.
November 2
+78 kg.
November 2

</doc>
<doc id="20084961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084961" title="Trow (surname)">
Trow (surname)

The surname Trow may refer to one of the following persons.

</doc>
<doc id="20084963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084963" title="Jim Zylker">
Jim Zylker

Youth.
Zylker grew up in San Francisco, California. He graduated from South San Francisco High School before attending San Jose State University where he played three seasons (1971-1973) on the men’s soccer team. He was a 1972 second team All American and holds the school’s single season assists record. He was inducted into the SJSU Athletic Hall of Fame in 2004.
In 1971, he joined the U.S. Olympic soccer team as it prepared for the 1972 Olympics. He played the final U.S. group game, a 7-0 loss to West Germany. In 1975, he returned to the Olympic team as it failed to qualify for the 1976 Summer Olympics. He played seven games in total with the U.S. Olympic team.
Zykler played for the San Francisco Vikings, a club founded by his grandfather. In 1975, he signed with the San Jose Earthquakes of the North American Soccer League. He played fifteen games that season. He began the 1976 season in San Jose before being traded to the San Antonio Thunder mid way through the season.
He has coached the Cañada College women’s soccer team.

</doc>
<doc id="20084964" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20084964" title="Jean Toulout">
Jean Toulout

Jean Toulout (28 September 1887 – 23 October 1962) was a French film actor. He appeared in over 100 films between 1911 and 1959.
He was born and died in Paris, France.

</doc>
<doc id="20085012" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085012" title="Savannah River Ecology Laboratory">
Savannah River Ecology Laboratory

The Savannah River Ecology Laboratory (SREL) is a research unit of the University of Georgia, located at the U.S. Department of Energy's (DOE) Savannah River Site (SRS) in Aiken, South Carolina. SREL is supported by federal, state, industry and foundation funding.
Since the laboratory's founding in 1951 by Dr. Eugene Odum of the University of Georgia, a pioneer of modern ecology, SREL scientists have conducted long-term environmental studies on the SRS nuclear facility. 
SREL offers short and long-term educational and research opportunities in ecology and environmental sciences for graduate and undergraduate students. A wide variety of natural habitat types on the SRS, along with the presence of nuclear and industrial facilities, provides students an exceptional opportunity to study natural and disturbed ecological systems in the same region. Combined with a modern laboratory and field facilities and a diverse natural flora and fauna, SREL offers opportunities for students to develop ecological expertise and for visiting investigators to conduct research.
Timeline.
1951: The Atomic Energy Commission (AEC) asked the University of Georgia to submit a proposal to conduct ecological research at Savannah River Plant (SRP, later renamed SRS). Dr. Eugene Odum, headed the effort, and with $11,934 in funding for the first year, a small but eager group began work three days after the budget was approved. Odum and a group of scientists, many of whom volunteered their time and knowledge, focused on two areas of research: Inventory of conspicuous features of the environment of the site and basic, long-term ecological research.
1955: The University of Georgia hired Dr. Robert Norris as the first ecologist to conduct full-time research at the Savannah River Plant. Norris later won the Eminent Ecologist Award given annually by the Ecological Society of America.
1955-1961: SREL researchers concentrated on radiation ecology studies, publishing about 30 scientific papers based on this research.
1961: The AEC established a permanent ecology laboratory on the site; two Army barracks were converted into laboratory space for the scientists. The next year, the University of Georgia hired a full-time staff with doctoral degrees to expand the research effort. Frank B. Golley became the first director of the Laboratory, then known as the Laboratory of Radiation Ecology. In the mid 1960s the University of Georgia renamed the Laboratory the Savannah River Ecology Laboratory, reflecting the broad spectrum of ecological studies carried out on the site. Technical papers published by the group reached 100.
1967: The University of Georgia appointed Dr. Robert J. Beyers director of the laboratory. Over the next six years, researchers published more than 200 scientific papers and the operating budget almost doubled.
1973: Dr. Michael H. Smith became director of SREL and the research expanded through a prime contract with the Atomic Energy Commission. SREL began a thermal ecology program to investigate the ecological effects of hot water from the SRS reactors on the fauna and flora of streams, ponds and swamps on the site. Researchers also expanded studies of mineral cycling and the fate and effects of containments on the environment. The first SREL symposium in 1974 was organized by Drs. J. Whitfield Gibbons and Rebecca R. Sharitz and brought most U.S. researchers who concentrated on thermal biology together for the first time, establishing the field of thermal ecology. The SREL Symposium Series focused on numerous other ecological fields of interest including Mineral Cycling and Biogeochemical Ecology.
1974: SREL participated in a national research program on the fate and behavior of transuranic elements in agriculture and natural ecosystems, funded by ERDA (DOE) and Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC)
1977: SREL moved into its present building near the DOE Administration Area. Associated with this facility are numerous outdoor enclosures for conducting field observations and metapopulation studies on a variety of animals and plants. Two laboratories within the facility focus on genetic studies.
1980s: SREL restructured from numerous and diverse research programs into three research divisions: biogeochemical ecology, wildlife ecology and toxicology and wetlands ecology.
1991: SREL developed the Division of Environmental Outreach and Education, with the guidance of Dr. J. Whitfield Gibbons, to formalize SREL’s commitment to educate the general public as well as the scientific community. The Outreach staff visits schools, holds teacher workshops, and gives talks to the general public. As part of Outreach, a graduate research participation program was developed to provide qualified graduate students support while conducting full-time thesis or dissertation research on the SRS. Graduate students from more than 50 U.S. universities have participated in the program.
1994 -1996: The UGA-SREL Conference Center opens as an environmental education facility and a place for scientific meetings. Also, Georgia Lottery funds provide sophisticated equipment for environmental study at the main laboratory. SREL goes through a period of building expansion adding a new computer laboratory, an animal holding facility, a molecular genetics laboratory, analytical instruments laboratory and a distance learning facility, increasing the size of the main laboratory to .
1996: SREL goes from a Government Owned Contractor Operated (GOCO) contract with DOE to a new cooperative agreement.
1998-1999: The Radioecology Laboratory in Chernobyl, Ukraine opens under the directorship of SREL. Dr. Paul Bertsch becomes SREL's director as Dr. Michael Smith retires as director. SREL also had a leading role in establishing Partners in Amphibian and Reptile Conservation (PARC), the only national/international organization to address the conservation of both reptiles and amphibians. An SREL publication, Snakes of Georgia and South Carolina, goes into three printings and more than 30,000 issues are distributed. The global decline of reptiles receives worldwide recognition in 1999 led by an SREL initiative in conjunction with PARC.
2000: SREL is given a Guinness World Records plaque for having the longest, daily-monitored wetland study in the world for its reptile and amphibian research at Rainbow Bay.
2001: The 2,500th peer-reviewed paper by an SREL author was published, continuing the tradition of productivity and academic excellence set early in SREL's history. SREL renews its cooperative agreement with DOE for $53 million for a combined total over ten years of approximately $115 million.
2005: The fate of SREL was threatened when funding of the laboratory was reduced by 40% in the DOE budget. A restructuring occurred including a downsizing in the number of employees. 
2007: SREL again faced a loss of funding from DOE. Dr. Paul Bertsch resigned as Dr. Carl Bergmann took over as co-director along with Dr. Carl Strojan. SREL was forced to consider closing its doors, however funding from a diversity of other sources was able to keep the lab open, but with substantial loss of budget and personnel. Dr. Strojan retired in the summer of 2007, and Dr. Bergmann became the SREL director.
2008: SREL continues to diversify its funding with grants from the National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA).

</doc>
<doc id="20085036" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085036" title="Russian Arctic islands">
Russian Arctic islands

The Russian Arctic islands are a number of islands groups and sole islands scattered around the Arctic Ocean.
Geography.
The islands are all situated within the Arctic Circle and are scattered through the marginal seas of the Arctic ocean namely the Barents Sea, Kara Sea, Laptev Sea, East Siberian Sea, Chukchi Sea and Bering Sea. The area extends some 7,000 km (4,350 miles) from Karelia in the west to the Chukchi Peninsula in the east.
The largest island is Severny Island which with an area of about is Russia's second largest island next to Sakhalin Island and the fourth largest island in Europe.
Islands.
The area includes from west to east:

</doc>
<doc id="20085046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085046" title="1992–93 Asian Cup Winners' Cup">
1992–93 Asian Cup Winners' Cup

The winners of the 1992–93 Asian Cup Winners' Cup, the association football competition run by the Asian Football Confederation, are listed below.
First round.
"1 Sing Tao withdrew" <br>
"2 both PIA and York withdrew" <br>
"3 Balestier withdrew" <br>
"4 Mohammedan withdrew" <br>
"5 Safa withdrew"
Semifinals.
1"1st leg Nov 12, 2nd leg Nov 26 (other source has legs reversed and dates Nov 12 and 20)" <br>
2"1st leg Nov 13, 2nd leg Dec 5"

</doc>
<doc id="20085061" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085061" title="John Whittaker">
John Whittaker

John Whittaker may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20085074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085074" title="Foothills Regional Airport">
Foothills Regional Airport

Foothills Regional Airport "(formerly Morganton-Lenior Airport)" is a public airport located six miles northeast of the City of Morganton, NC. It is owned by the Foothills Regional Airport Authority.
Facilities and Aircraft.
The Foothills Regional Airport covers an area of 1,170 acres (473 ha) and contains one grooved asphalt paved runway: 3/21 measuring 5,500 ft × 75 ft (1,676 m × 23 m). For the 12-month period ending August 31, 2005, the airport had 17,000 aircraft operations, an average of 46 per day: 97% general aviation and 3% military. There were 73 aircraft based on the field at that time.

</doc>
<doc id="20085085" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085085" title="3-on-3 basketball at the 2007 Asian Indoor Games">
3-on-3 basketball at the 2007 Asian Indoor Games

3 on 3 basketball was a demonstration sport at the 2007 Asian Indoor Games was held in Macau, China on 3 November 2007. The competition was the first major test of FIBA 33, a formalized version of the basketball variant developed earlier that year by the sport's international governing body, FIBA.

</doc>
<doc id="20085095" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085095" title="Chandless">
Chandless

Chandless is a surname, and may refer to:
It may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20085096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085096" title="Expedition Lambaréné">
Expedition Lambaréné

Expedition Lambaréné was a Czechoslovak student expedition to the hospital of Albert Schweitzer in Lambaréné. Its goal was to bring there medicaments. The expedition started from the Old Town Square, Prague on January 1, 1968 at 10:23am and returned to Prague in August 1968. It lasted 257 days and travelled more than 35,000 km in its Tatra 138 Vn 6x6.
The Tatra model.
A specially modified truck "Tatra 138 6x6 VN - Lambaréné" was made in a Tatra factory in Kopřivnice. Today it is there on display in its museum.
The route.
Praha - Rijeka - Cairo - Aswan - Khartoum - Addis Abeba - Nairobi - Kilima-Njaro - Dar es Salaam - Lusaka - Livingstone - Lusaka - Kinshasa - Brazzaville - Point Noir - Libreville - Douala - Lagos - In-Salah - Algiers - Marseille - Paris - Munich - Praha
The government of Gabon did not allow the expedition to enter the country, and so they did not reach the hospital. The members met the hospital representatives in Libreville, however, during a stopover of the ship "General Mangin" in the local harbour.

</doc>
<doc id="20085097" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085097" title="Georges Paulais">
Georges Paulais

Georges Paulais (16 September 1884 – 12 December 1967) was a French film actor. He appeared in 145 films between 1910 and 1956. He was born in Guimps, Charente, France and died in Chabanais, Charente, France.

</doc>
<doc id="20085100" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085100" title="Koj saka da bide milioner?">
Koj saka da bide milioner?

Кој сака да биде милионер? (English translation: "Who wants to be a millionaire?", transliteration: "Koj saka da bide milioner?") is a Macedonian game show based on the original British format of "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?". The show is hosted by Sašo Macanovski-Trendo. The main goal of the game is to win 4 million denari (earlier 3 million) by answering 15 multiple-choice questions correctly. There are three "lifelines" - Fifty Fifty, Phone A Friend and Ask The Audience. "Кој сака да биде милионер?" originally aired in 2004. It is broadcast on the Macedonian TV station A1. When a contestant gets the fifth question correct, he is guaranteed to leave with at least 5,000 denari. When a contestant gets the tenth question correct, he is guaranteed to leave with at least 125,000 denari (earlier 100,000 denari).
The game's prizes.
In the second version of "Кој сака да биде милионер?" (today series), there are fifteen questions with the winning amount being 4 million denari:
In the first version of "Кој сака да биде милионер?", there were fifteen questions and the winning amount was 3 million denari:

</doc>
<doc id="20085123" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085123" title="Black Mountain (Michigan)">
Black Mountain (Michigan)

Black Mountain is a large hill in Presque Isle County, Michigan. Located 11 miles north of Onaway, Michigan, the mountain is a popular recreational activity site and is part of the state-owned Black Mountain Forest Recreation Area, which is operated by the Michigan Department of Natural Resources.
History.
Black Mountain and the range in which it is situated were created by the glacial movement of the last major ice age. Nearby, Woodland Lake was also created by these glaciers. The area was inhabited by Native Americans until around 1800, when settlers from New England established "Ore Creek," which later became known as "Brighton." Gradually, the areas around Black Mountain have been developed. The Brighton area is now home to over 7000 people; Black Mountain lies in a residential zone of varying density. Due to deforestation, erosion has become an increasingly severe problem on parts of the mountain.
Beginning in the 1990s, the property around Black Mountain was developed; this process continues today. The road next to the mountain was extended. To date, two houses have been built at the base of the mountain. In addition, several lots surrounding the mountain are currently for sale. The owners of the mountain have donated the land to the state of Michigan and it is now a state park.
Geography and climate.
Black Mountain was created by glaciers in the last major ice age. The range is characterized by medium to steep grade, with deep valleys and high peaks. Located in northeastern Michigan, the base elevation is approximately , while the highest point is over . Black Mountain and the surrounding hills range in vertical rise from as little as to as much as on the mountain itself. Woodland Lake lies at the base of the western hills, and is around deep.
The area experiences a four-season temperate climate, with cold winters and hot summers. The largest amounts of precipitation occur in the months of December and January, while July and August are the driest. The typical winter season begins in November and lasts well into March. Annual snowfall averages 70 to . Daily January temperatures normally reach 20 to , with nighttime lows of 5 to 15 degrees. July highs are 75 to 85 degrees, and lows are 55 to 65 degrees.
Skiing.
With more than of trails, hikers and skiers have their choice of routes for every skill level. Special pathways have been constructed for the traditional diagonal skier and the skate-skier. Pathways range from "Easy" to "Most Difficult".
Skiers may find themselves gliding under majestic pines, taking in views of Black Lake and, under the right conditions, even getting a glimpse of Lake Huron. Trail users travel through a number of forest types and are able to see what a managed forest looks like in its various stages of regrowth. Four separate parking lots provide skiers and hikers access to the pathway loops which best suit their abilities or interests.
Other Attractions.
There are multiple trails going around Black Mountain and through it. Three parking lots serve as access points to about of ORV trails and of ORV routes. All terrain vehicles (ATVs) and dirt bike enthusiasts will find plenty to be excited about. In addition to the winding trails and generally straight routes, there is a scramble area for motorcycles and ATVs. (This are is closed to 4X4 trucks). Legal access to trails, routes and the scramble area is at the upper level of Black Lake Campground. The network of paths throughout the mountain, while most often used for dirt biking, are also used for mountain biking, unicycling, and other similar sports. During the winter season, the paths on the mountain are a popular attraction for area snowmobilers.

</doc>
<doc id="20085126" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085126" title="Valencian nationalism">
Valencian nationalism

Valencian nationalism (; ) or Valencianism () is a political movement in the Land of Valencia, one of the Autonomous Communities of Spain.
It advocates to reach the highest level of self-government, or independence itself, for the Valencian nation.
Rival types.
So-called Valencianism has been historically split in two opposed movements bitterly divided over the very nature of the Valencian identity, something which is best reflected in the debate over the philological filiation of Valencian.
For some, the Valencian language is a language by itself, no more related to Catalan than it is to other Romance languages. These are characterised by their opposition to Catalan nationalism, regarded as an expansionist movement that tries to impose Catalan language and culture in Valencia. In particular, it is nuclear to this kind of Valencianism a complete rejection of the idea of "Països Catalans". This group is mostly (but not exclusively) conservative leaning and pejoratively referred to by their rivals as "blavers". This mostly conservative Valencianist group tends to demand further self-government rather than political independence from Spain. "Catalanistes" (see below) typically accuse this group of not being genuinely interested in Valencian matters, but representing a revamped Spanish nationalism.
Reversely, the other part of Valencianism stresses the proven linguistic identity between Valencian and Catalan, then inferring a political project closely connected to Catalan nationalism which is more or less identified with nation building within a "Països Catalans" frame. This group is mostly (but not exclusively) left leaning and is pejoratively referred to as "catalanistes" by the aforementioned. Political independence from Spain is most quoted among this left leaning group. "Blavers" typically accuse this group of not being genuinely interested in Valencian matters, but working as a fifth column of Catalan nationalism in Valencia.
In between these arch-rival types of Valencianism, there are a number of even smaller splinters and minority groups which may adopt more or less eclectic Valencianist positions, but, overall, both movements are deeply opposed and point at each other as their main rival. Discrepancies go to the extent of not even agreeing on the name of the Valencian Region. Conservative valencianists still may refer to designate the territory as "Regne de Valencia" or Kingdom of Valencia, stressing its medieval roots (even though this term has diminished over time, having been slowly replaced by the official neologism "Valencian Community"). Reversely, left-leaning Valencianists prefer the traditional term "País Valencià" or "Valencian Country" (see Names of the Valencian Community).
The Valencian Nationalist Bloc ( or "BNV"; ) is the largest Valencian nationalist party in the Valencian Country, Spain.
The Bloc's main aim is, as stated in their guidelines, "to achieve full national sovereignty for the Valencian people, and make it legally declared by a Valencian sovereign Constitution allowing the possibility of association with the countries which share the same language, history and culture". For the 2011 Valencian Regional elections, they stood in an electoral new coalition called Coalició Compromís and won six seats in the regional parliament. For the local election of the same year they maintain the coalition and reach more than 300 seats and at the 2011 Spanish General Election this coalition won historically a seat in the Spanish parliament.
Development of Valencianism.
In its origins in the second half of the twentieth century, Valencianism was a popularist and heterogeneous movement, which grouped together regionalists and supporters of Valencian foral civil law. Support for Vaalencianism has been strongest in the city of Valencia and in the areas immediately surrounding it.
The early Valencianists.
It is widely considered that the first Valencianist movement is born in 1907, at the Regionalist Assembly, promoted by Lo rat penat. Based in the exposition of Faustí Barberà on its 1902 speech, "de regionalisme i valentinicultura", many regionalist and independentist think-thank groups were born. Basically, the early Valencianism had the Land of Valencia as their only national mark, but also worked together with the nationalists of the lands of Catalonia and the Balearic Islands promoting closest ties with those nationalities who shared language and culture with Valencia.
Fuster and his critics.
The ideas expressed by Joan Fuster in his 1962 essay
"Nosaltres, els valencians" ("We, the Valencians") were very influential among Catalan nationalists during the 1960s and early 1970s. Fuster's thesis was that the Valencians and the Catalans form part of the same nationality. In his words,
The Catalanist type of Valencianism originally stems from this analysis, even though it acknowledges it has been mostly overridden by the current political scenario, very different to that of the Spanish transition to democracy, when Fuster's ideas had its controversial popularity peak.
Conservative Valencianism not only rejects the thesis of a common nationality (flag, language, culture, etc.) but also promotes symbols of a distinct Valencian nationality from the Catalan one.
The democratic transition.
Some observers warned as early as in 1976 that the transition to democracy, and particularly the economic problems of the time, could radicalize the conservative positions of a part of the right. The first public attacks against a perceived
pan-Catalanism of the left-wing parties occurred in the run up to the first democratic elections, in June 1977, and there were a number of violent attacks on left-wing activists and bookshops from this time on.
In terms of democratic politics, the party which most closely espoused the valencianist cause was the centre-right Unión de Centro Democrático (UCD), which was in
power nationally (under Adolfo Suárez) but which trailed the socialists in Valencia and Alicante. The first speech attacking pancatalanism came in December 1977 from Emilio Attard, its leader in the province of Valencia. Manuel Broseta, another leading member of the UCD, published an influential essay ""Paella and the Catalan Countries""
a few months later, the first in a substantial series of anticatalanist articles to appear in the newspaper "Las Provincias".
The UCD would defend, with some success, a staunchly valencianist position throughout the negotiations leading up to the first Statute of Autonomy.
Valencian autonomy.
The "Consell del País Valencià" was established by Royal Decree on 17 March 1978 and held its first meeting at the Monastery of El Puig on 10 April. All four main parties—the UCD, the postfranquists of the Alianza Popular, the socialists of the PSOE and the communists (PCE)—were represented, and all signed a call for Valencian autonomy on 8 October, the eve of the Valencian national
day.
After the approval of the Spanish Constitution in December 1978, the "Consell" approved the first draft of a Statute of Autonomy at its meeting in Morella on 9 January 1979: this draft has become known as the "Statute of Morella".
The political climate degraded significantly after the elections of March and April 1979—with some hyperbole, the period has become known as the "Battle of Valencia". The elections gave the left another majority in the parliamentary deputation (PCE, 3; PSOE, 19; UCD, 19) but gave the UCD the majority of seats on the "Consell del País Valencià" (PCE, 1; PSOE, 7; UCD, 10), which were attributed under a different voting system. It was initially agreed that socialist Josep-Lluís Albinyana should rest as President of the "Consell" but the tensions between left and right were such that Albinyana was ousted after a vote of censure on 22 December 1979. The UCD accused Albinyana of using his position as President of the "Consell" to bounce through a Statute of Autonomy without consensus, while the socialists accused the UCD of wanting to reopen the consensus reached at Morella. There were elements of truth in both
positions, and the close balance of electoral strength made the arguments particularly virulent.
As a result of the tensions in regional politics and of a certain number of developments at the national level, the Statute of Autonomy remained deadlocked throughout 1980, despite petitions in favour of Valencian autonomy from 529 of the 542 municipalities. The Valencian parliamentarians took the matter in hand after the failed military coup of 23 February 1981 (during which the city of Valencia suffered several hours of military occupation), producing a compromise draft Statute known as the "Statute of Benicàssim". It is this draft, along with a set of amendments proposed by the UCD and the communists, which was submitted for approval to the Cortes Generales in Madrid.
The Statute of Benicàssim was modified in favour of valencianist held positions by the Constitutional Committee of the Congress of Deputies, where the UCD held a majority.
However Article 1 of the modified text, which named the autonomous community as the "Kingdom of Valencia", was rejected by the full Chamber (for, 151; against, 161; abstentions, 9) on 9 March 1982 and the text returned to the Constitutional Committee. A final compromise resulted in the name "Valencian Community": the Statute of Autonomy entered into force on 1 July 1982.
Valencianist positions.
The positions associated with Valencianism have varied somewhat since the return to democracy, depending on the direction of the supposed "threat". Some Valencianists positions have become mainstream (e.g., the flag), some have lost
their association with Valencianism (e.g., role of the autonomous institutions) while some have become more associated with valencianism, and more hotly debated (e.g., the Valencian language).
Flag of the autonomous community.
The question of which flag should be used to represent the Valencian Community is at the origin of the name "Valencianism", which is derived from the Valencian ""blava"", meaning "blue". The origin of the dispute can be traced to Fuster's ""Nosaltres els valencians"", where he claims that Valencians and Catalans have always shared the same flag (the "Senyera") and that
Valencian groups who had used different flags in the years before Franco "knew not what they did" ("no sabien el que es feien", p. 26). The "Senyera" in its simplest form—sometimes referred to as the "quatribarrada"—gained a certain (but not overwhelming) support in Valencianist circles, and
was on view at the march in favour of autonomy of 9 October 1977.
The Statute of Morella proposed that the flag of the autonomous community be the "Senyera" with the royal coat of arms at the centre (those of Peter III of Aragon (1336–87), who did much to formalize the autonomy of the Kingdom of Valencia within the Crown of Aragon). This was adopted as the flag of the "Consell del País Valencià" on 24 April 1979: however the decision was seen as a
provocation by the UCD, coming as it did after elections
which would have given the centre-right a majority on the "Consell" but before the new "Consell" could be constituted.
The more Valencianist groups seized the opportunity provided by the tense political climate: the flags of the Valencia Town Hall were burnt by demonstrators on 9 October 1979, far from the only act of political violence that year.
The socialist representative left the "Consell" on 22 December 1979 and the choice of flag was reversed on 14 January 1980. The Valencianists continued to insist that the flag of the new autonomous community be recognisably different from that of any other, and particularly that of Catalonia (the "Senyera" in its simplest form). The Statute of Benicàssim proposed a new design, but the UCD representative on the
Constitutional Committee of the Congress of Deputies managed to impose an amendment making the flag of the autonomous community the same as that of the city of Valencia (for, 17; against, 16; abstention, 1) which includes the blue fringe (the "Senyera Coronada").
Since the adoption of the first Statute of Autonomy, the issue has lost much of its controversy. The use of the "Senyera coronada" has a wide acceptance within the Valencian Community, although some small groups on the left of the political spectrum (e.g. Els Verds, ERPV) continue to refer to it as the ""blavera"" and the "Senyera quatribarrada"
can be seen from time to time, particularly in the districts furthest from the capital.
Name of the autonomous community.
The question of the name of the autonomous community was initially seen as fairly minor compared to the debates over the flag and the powers which would be granted to the Generalitat Valenciana. However it became the issue which almost caused the rejection of the Statute of Autonomy by the Congress of Deputies in 1982.
At the start of the democratic transition Valencian: "País Valencià", (roughly translated as "Valencian Country") seemed to enjoy a wide consensus. It was under this name that the "Consell del País Valencià" was established, and it was this name which was used in the Call for Autonomy of 8 October 1978, signed by both the UCD and by the postfranquists of the Alianza Popular.
The blaverist view, minority even on the right at first, was that the term "País Valencià" implied an identification with the "Països Catalans", an anathema to the valencianists. In the context of the political tensions of 1979–80, they called ever more loudly for the alternative name "Regne de Valencia" ("Kingdom of Valencia").

</doc>
<doc id="20085131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085131" title="Katrina">
Katrina

People.
Katrina (given name)

</doc>
<doc id="20085196" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085196" title="Thomas Cochrane, 8th Earl of Dundonald">
Thomas Cochrane, 8th Earl of Dundonald

Thomas Cochrane, 8th Earl of Dundonald (1691 – 31 October 1778) was a Scottish nobleman, army officer and politician. He was Member of Parliament for Renfrewshire, 1722-1727. He served as Commissioner of the Excise for Scotland from 1730 until 1764. He acceded to the title of Earl of Dundonald in 1758 on the death of his cousin, William Cochrane, 7th Earl. 
Early life and education.
Thomas was born in 1691, the seventh son of William Cochrane of Ochiltree, and his wife Lady Mary Bruce, eldest daughter of Alexander Bruce, 2nd Earl of Kincardine. 
As a younger son, he would not inherit his father's property, so he entered the army. He became a cornet in the Royal Regiment of Dragoons in 1713, and a captain in the 27th Regiment of Foot in 1716. He rose to the rank of major in 1718 and was Fort Major at Fort St Philip on Minorca. 
He became Member of Parliament for Renfrewshire in 1722, and represented the constituency until 1727. He was appointed as Commissioner of the Excise for Scotland from 1730 until 1764. He supported the Hanoverians during the Jacobite Rising of 1745. He later gave evidence in court against the Archibald Stewart, Lord Provost of Edinburgh, who had surrendered the city to the Jacobites.
Thomas Cochrane acceded to the title of Earl of Dundonald on the death of his cousin, William Cochrane, the seventh earl, on 9 July 1758. William, an army officer, had been killed at the Siege of Louisbourg, and died without issue. As the eldest surviving son by then of William Cochrane of Ochiltree, Thomas had already inherited the family estates at Culross and Ochiltree.
Family and issue.
Cochrane was married twice, firstly to his cousin, Elizabeth Kerr, in 1721. They had two children, a son Thomas who died young, and a daughter Grizel. Elizabeth died in 1743.
On 6 September 1744, Cochrane married Jane Stuart. They had a number of children, firstly Archibald, born in 1748, who became an inventor and succeeded his father in the earldom, and secondly Charles, born in 1749. He had an army career. Charles married Catherine Pitcairn, the daughter of Major John Pitcairn. He distinguished himself during the American War of Independence by carrying despatches from Sir Henry Clinton to Lord Cornwallis at the Siege of Yorktown. Cornwallis made him his aide de camp. Charles Cochrane was killed shortly before the surrender. 
Thomas and Jane Cochrane's third son, John, was born in 1750, and their fourth, James Atholl, was born in 1751. He entered the church, becoming vicar for Mansfield. Their fifth son Basil was born in 1753. He made a fortune supplying the Royal Navy in India. Their sixth son Alexander Forrester Inglis was born in 1758, and entered the Royal Navy. He rose to be admiral of the white, an MP, and a Knight Grand Cross of the Bath.
Their seventh son George Augustus Frederick was born in 1762. He joined the army, reaching the rank of colonel and was an MP. Their eighth and youngest son Andrew James was born in 1767. He also served in the army, reaching the rank of brigadier, sat as MP for several constituencies, and was Governor of Dominica. Less honourably, he was indicted for his role in the Great Stock Exchange Fraud of 1814. Andrew's nephew, the prominent naval officer Thomas Cochrane, Lord Cochrane, was also convicted in this case, but years later received a royal pardon.
Thomas Cochrane died on 31 October 1778. He was succeeded in the earldom by his eldest son Archibald, who became the 9th Earl of Dundonald.

</doc>
<doc id="20085224" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085224" title="Goss, Mississippi">
Goss, Mississippi

Goss is an unincorporated community in Marion County, Mississippi, United States, located about west of Highway 35, and about 7 minutes north of Columbia. 
The largest business in Goss is the Georgia Pacific lumber yard. On Mississippi Highway 13, Goss Baptist Church is the best indication that a traveler has reached Goss. Goss is served by the Columbia School District.
Goss is also home to several tree farming operations and some home businesses. There is also one convenience store, a feed store, a lawnmower shop, and a barber shop. Hunting is a popular form of recreation among the residents of Goss.
There used to be an apartment complex (3 stores high) that has burned and there were two saw mills, the Georgia Pacific, which is still in operation, and one behind the stores that are currently in the community. The latter went out of business after the train that formerly went through Goss ceased operations and the creek and the river passing through the community changed. There was formerly a school in the community that burned down twice. The community of Goss is served by The Tri-Community Volunteer Fire Department.
The Bunker Hill community is across Highway 13 from Goss.
References.
Goss Mississippi was founded in the early 1900s by Forrest Zeno Goss, who later moved east of Picayune and settled west of the Kiln community.

</doc>
<doc id="20085235" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085235" title="Phaya Thai Road">
Phaya Thai Road

Phaya Thai Road (, "Thanon Phaya Thai") is a major road in Bangkok, Thailand. It begins at the south side of Victory Monument in Ratchathewi district and continues until Sam Yan Intersection in Pathum Wan district, where it intersects with Rama IV Road.
Between Victory Monument and Rama I Road, Phaya Thai Road runs directly below the Sukhumvit Line of the BTS Skytrain. Phaya Thai is also the name of a stop on this line, just past the intersection of Phaya Thai Road and Si Ayutthaya Road.
Phaya Thai district is named after this road. Since its creation in 1966, however, the district has been subdivided several times, so that now Phaya Thai Road is no longer within Phaya Thai district.

</doc>
<doc id="20085254" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085254" title="Avi Schwartz">
Avi Schwartz

Avi Schwartz (born 1938) is an Israeli painter.
Biography.
Childhood and adolescence.
Avi Schwartz was born in Bucharest, Romania, in 1938. His family was in the diamond business.
Early in life he absorbed artistic values at home, where the walls were decorated with pictures from his father's rich art collection. The realityle of portraits and scenery was then considered classic, and Avi strived to imitate it. His opportunity came during World War II, while Bucharest was being bombed, and he and his family were forced to remain at home for long periods of time. During those days he copied the pictures he saw before him.
In 1947 his family succeeded in leaving Romania and immigrated to Israel in 1948, via Paris. Here they were met by his grandfather, Moses Josephson, the first president of the Israel Diamond Exchange, who had immigrated to Palestine before the war.
In his youth he studied in the "Shalva High School in Tel Aviv, and with his parents' encouragement he enrolled in the Avni Institute (a college for Art and Design). He was the youngest student there, and was proud to have successfully passed its entrance exams. The Avni Institute was then run by Moshe Mokedi, and among its teachers were Yechezkel Shtreichman, Avigdor Steimatzky, and Marcel Yanko.
The Avni Institute and beyond.
During this period the prevailing artistic perceptions at the Avni Institute leaned towards abstract art and were in search of a new, modernistic and cosmopolitan language of expression. This was in contradiction to the "old Bezalel art", "tourist paintings" and realism that imitated what the eye saw. In the Avni institute Avi became exposed to abstract expressionism, to an approach which considered art to be an intuitive medium for the expression of feelings, reflecting fantasy and the subconscious, etc. According to this view, realistic painting had reached its summit, and had thus come to an end.
The process of study at the Institute consisted of basic, primary guidance during the lesson, emphasizing work at home - work by trial and error, then standing up to critique in class. Schwartz did not relate well to these methods, nor to the artistic language of Steimatzky or Streichman and Janco, who belonged to the group called "New Horizons". He was looking for "the real thing" according to him, figurative painting. This lack of communication between him and his teachers led to an "arid period", during which he ceased to paint.
When the Sinai Campaign broke out, Avi left the Avni Institute and his high school and enlisted in the army, the IDF. Later he married Nurit, finished his matriculation exams, and for a short period studied history in the Tel Aviv University. To make a living he worked in diamond polishing and later managed the diamond, precious stone and metal works department in the Ramat Gan Ort School.
He began painting again only at the age of 30, when he met the artist Zvi Schor, who told him that "the world is not abstract, and no painting should be abstract - paint the world as you see it". Zvi Schor had been exposed to modern art and French Expressionism, and had even lived for some time in Paris. Despite this, his paintings remained descriptive and realistic, made by impressionistic movements of the paintbrush, inspired by the paintings of Edgar Degas, Paul Cézanne and others. Avi Schwartz was very much influenced by him, and was considered "the direct disciple of Zvi Schor".
Back to the art world.
Schwartz also studied art with Professor Schwartzman, but was most influenced by two artists who became his "masters"- Shimshon Hollzman and Aryeh Lubin. Holtzman was identified with the artists of the Paris School, and became known as an outstanding aquarelle painter. Aryeh Lubin was influenced by Cézanne, and painted illuminated Safad synagogues, vendors in the Tiberias marketplace, and Arabic characters in cafes.
The friendship that developed between Schwartz, Hollzman and Lubin, led to regular meetings, during which the three of them sometimes traveled to the markets of Ramle and Lod, but mostly worked and painted together in cafes and at the Jaffa seafront. They were joined at times by Nachum Gutman.
In 1979 Hollzman invited Schwartz to Paris to join the workshops that were being held in the famous art school, the "Académie de la Grande Chaumière", and he complied.
Style characteristics.
Zvi Schor, whose personality was formed by European culture, was very pedantic with his pupil Avi Schwartz about the use of colors in his paintings –mainly burnt Sienna, Prussian blue, and ochre yellow. On the other hand, Hollzman and Lubin exposed him to other color options, emphasizing Israeli sunlight and sharp contrasts. Schwartz incorporated their teaching into his art, and like them was inspired by the sights and experiences he absorbed outside the studio. His works are deeply connected to the viewed object (landscapes, figures, etc.), permeating urban reality, Jaffa neighborhoods, its coffee shops, sea and port, etc. Schwartz' paintings deal with the figurative representation of space, showing figures drawn on site, catching immediate impressions, focusing especially on characters from the marginal strata of society: unfortunate people at rest or at work. Even though his works deal with social themes, it must be emphasized that they do not express any political or socially subversive stand. His subjects are not drawn as a protest against the social wrongs perpetrated against them by the ruling powers, or even to show their "miserable existence". Schwartz observes his subjects, and translates what he sees from his very personal viewpoint to the canvas. He "maps out" his figures as viewed from some distance, without being an integral part of the scene.

</doc>
<doc id="20085257" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085257" title="European Canadian">
European Canadian

European Canadians are Canadian people of European origin, descent, birth, or ancestry. English Canadians (21%), French Canadians (18%) and Scottish Canadians (15%) were the three largest self-reported ancestry groups in the Canada 2001 Census. 
The number of immigrants from European countries other than Britain or France increased dramatically in the first half of the 20th century, from 9% in 1901 to 20% in 1941, mostly from Northern and Western Europe in the earlier years, and Southern, Central and Eastern Europe in later years. The Canadian Immigration Act of 1952 established the rights of admission to Canada. It was amended in 1962 and again in 1966. European Canadians make up approximately 80% of the Canadian population. 
Statistics Canada produces statistics about the Canadian population, including composition by ethnic self-identification. Those of European origins are divided into several subcategories: British Isles, French, Western European, Northern European, Eastern European, Southern European, and Other.

</doc>
<doc id="20085265" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085265" title="Habronematoidea">
Habronematoidea

Habronematoidea is a superfamily of spirurian nematodes in the large order Spirurida. Like all nematodes, they have neither a circulatory nor a respiratory system.
Though none of the families placed here are overly diverse, they are quite large except for the monotypic Hedruridae. Consequently, the Habronematoidea are at present the second-largest superfamily of Spirurida, after the Filarioidea which contains the massively speciose Onchocercidae.
The families of the Habronematoidea are:

</doc>
<doc id="20085269" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085269" title="Tean railway station">
Tean railway station

Tean railway station was a railway station located on the Cheadle Branch Line at Totmonslow, Staffordshire. It was opened as Totmonslow in 1892 and was the terminus of the line until it reached Cheadle in 1901.
Facilities.
The station was located in a cutting underneath the Stoke to Uttoxeter turnpike road and had a small goods siding with shed. Because of the restricted location, a loop was provided a short distance to the south, although it was never actually used a such and was removed in 1938.
A platform shelter was the only building until 1907, when part of the station building from Keele Park railway station was erected, the latter having closed earlier that year. Up until this point, a nearby cottage was used as a booking office.
Later years.
The station was renamed in 1906 after the village of Upper Tean, which was located around a mile east of Totmonslow. It was never well used and closed in 1953, having by then been reduced to a halt. The goods siding was soon removed and the station site occupied by a scrap merchant until 1977.
The site today.
The track and the platform remain, although overgrown, and can be seen from the adjacent road bridge.

</doc>
<doc id="20085272" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085272" title="Sant Joanet">
Sant Joanet

Sant Joanet (, ), formerly known as Sant Joan de l'Ènova is a municipality in the "comarca" of Ribera Alta in the Valencian Community, Spain.

</doc>
<doc id="20085303" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085303" title="List of Bulgarian military bases">
List of Bulgarian military bases


</doc>
<doc id="20085323" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085323" title="Debra Fox">
Debra Fox

Debra Fox is the founder and CEO of Fox Learning Systems. She was previously a television reporter and anchor with WTAE-TV Pittsburgh (1976–1986).
WTAE television career.
Fox was named "Best Pittsburgh Newscaster" seven years in a row by the "Pittsburgh Tribune Review". During her ten year television career, she was able to interview many prominent national figures such as Presidents Gerald Ford, Jimmy Carter (during the Iran Hostage Crisis), Ronald Reagan, George H.W. Bush, Governor Michael Dukakis, Senator Ted Kennedy, Senator Joe Biden, Reverend Jesse Jackson, Walter Mondale and Gary Hart. She also covered the 1984 Democratic National Convention in San Francisco. After having her first child in 1986, she retired from WTAE.
"The Golden Land".
In 1990, Fox took over for Wolf Blitzer in PBS's series "The Golden Land". This was a documentary about the history of Israel in the context of the Israeli-Palestinian Conflict
Fox Learning Systems.
In 1997, Debra founded Fox Learning Systems after personally experiencing problems in the long-term care industry. Using her on-camera experiences, Fox set out to produce software and educational material that makes eldercare staff training fun and exciting. Fox has started her own blog that talks about the many troubles dealing with the elder care industry 

</doc>
<doc id="20085324" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085324" title="Tony Calder">
Tony Calder

Tony Calder (born 27 June 1943 in Surbiton, Surrey) is an English rock and roll record manager, impresario, talent-spotter, Promoter and Public Relations agent. He was Andrew Loog Oldham's business partner from 1963 to December 1969.
During a career spanning over 50 years he was instrumental in promoting a number of successful singles in the UK singles chart, including the Rolling Stones "Little Red Rooster" and "Paint It, Black", the Small Faces "Itchycoo Park", Amen Corner's "(If Paradise Is) Half as Nice", Eddy Grant’s "I Don't Wanna Dance" and Jive Bunny and the Mastermixers single "Swing the Mood".
1960s.
Calder's grounding in the industry began in the early 1960s at Decca Records under the direction of Edward Lewis. By day he worked in the sales and marketing department, and by night he worked as a DJ under the wing of Jimmy Savile, which gave him a significant insight into the music industry and led him to meeting Brian Epstein, The Beatles, Andrew Loog Oldham and Seymour Stein (who introduced Calder to his all time record hero George Goldner).
In 1962 Calder was hired by Brian Epstein to promote The Beatles single Love Me Do, which he did successfully by sending free copies to the top fifty Mecca Ballrooms and also the opposition Top Rank ballrooms, in order to persuade the local independent record shops to order the record. The following year pop impresario Andrew Oldham and Calder merged their clientele to set up the UK’s first independent PR-pop company, ‘IMAGE.’, and handled the day to day management of the Rolling Stones; and later the promotion of the Beach Boys via their publishing contract.
In early 1965, Calder did his first and last record production, taking over from Oldham producing Marianne Faithfull, producing her biggest hits "Come and Stay With Me", which reached Number 4 in the UK singles chart and "This Little Bird", which reached Number 6 in 1965. In 1965 Calder and Oldham formed Immediate Records, the first major independent label in the UK, eventually responsible for acts like the The Small Faces, Fleetwood Mac, Rod Stewart, The McCoys, Chris Farlowe, Amen Corner, P.P. Arnold and the The Nice. He also worked with Vashti Bunyan for the label, although it wasn't until the 2000s that she became a cult hero. At the end of 1969 Calder left Immediate Records.
1970s.
In 1971 Calder signed the new band Bay City Rollers with his booking agent business partner David Apps, but quickly relinquished the contract to Dick Leahy, head of Bell Records.
In 1975, Calder was appointed CEO of NEMS Records, where he signed Black Sabbath, Pluto and Marianne Faithfull. However he left this position soon after, and spent the following year setting old friend and fashion designer Ossie Clark back in business; licensing his designs and his name to forge a revival of Clark's image. In 1978 he turned his attention to managing Eddy Grant, whose international record career took off, and he subsequently helped with the formation and development of Grant's Ice Record label.
1980s and after.
Eddy Grant's success continued into the 1980s, with his biggest selling Number 1 in the UK and 14 million units sold worldwide of I Don't Wanna Dance, followed by Electric Avenue which reached number 2 in the UK and the US in 1983.
Calder then formed the Big Wave Group in 1988, in partnership with Bill Kimber, and had worldwide success with Jive Bunny and the Mastermixers, who had 3 consecutive number 1 singles in the UK and throughout Europe and the Number 1 single in the USA with Swing the Mood by Jive Bunny.
During the 1990s Calder co-wrote a biography of ABBA with Andrew Loog Oldham.
In December 2007 Calder was re-hired by Eddy Grant as business manager after Calder negotiated on a new production deal for Grant's Ice label with Mercury Records.

</doc>
<doc id="20085348" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085348" title="Gibbons v Proctor">
Gibbons v Proctor

Gibbons v Proctor 64 LT 594 (also reported as "Gibson v Proctor" 55 JP 616), is an English contract law case that deals with an offer, via advertisement, and whether or not a person who doesn't know of the offer can accept the offer if he completes the conditions of the offer.
Facts.
A police officer supplied information for which a reward had been offered; he was not aware of the offer at the time that he gave the information but he had become aware of the offer by the time the information reached the relevant party. It was held that the officer was entitled to claim the reward.
Judgment.
This case held that the advertisements of rewards for information leading to the arrest or conviction of the perpetrator of a crime, is treated as an offer, as the intention to be bound is inferred from the fact that no further bargaining is expected to result from them.
The case is sometimes wrongly cited as authority for the proposition that acceptance in ignorance of an offer is effective. A closer inspection of the facts of the case reveals that the party claiming the reward possessed full knowledge of the offer at the time when he gave the information.

</doc>
<doc id="20085358" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085358" title="Marvella Bayh">
Marvella Bayh

Marvella Belle Hern Bayh (February 14, 1933 – April 24, 1979) was the wife of Indiana Senator Birch Bayh and the mother of former Indiana Senator Birch Evans Bayh III (Evan).
Life.
Bayh was born in the Garfield County, Oklahoma town of Lahoma, and was the daughter of Bernett E. (née Monson) and Delbert Murphy Hern. Her ancestry included Norwegian, German, and English. She married Birch Bayh in 1952 and moved to Indiana. When Birch Bayh decided to run first for the Indiana House of Representatives in 1954 and then for the US Senate in 1962 she began her career as the ultimate political wife—juggling campaign duties, motherhood, and household responsibilities with aplomb.
Mrs. Bayh suffered from a variety of health problems as the result of a car accident shortly after her marriage. Despite recurring back problems and double vision, Mrs. Bayh always was deeply involved in the Washington political and social scene. She and her husband also survived a plane crash in 1964 that killed two people and critically injured Senator Ted Kennedy.
The Bayhs were close friends with Senator Kennedy and his wife Joan Kennedy, as well as President John F. Kennedy and Jacqueline Kennedy. As an Oklahoman, Marvella Bayh also formed warm and close relationships with President Lyndon B. Johnson and Mrs. Lady Bird Johnson.
Marvella had a keen interest in current events and public affairs and was a skilled campaigner and public speaker. In 1967 President Johnson recognized her abilities and asked her to become the vice-chairman of the Democratic National Committee—a job she turned down with great reluctance at the request of her husband who was launching his own Senate re-election campaign.
Personal tragedy also marred her family life. Her mother died early from heart failure, and her father — her greatest champion while she was growing up — became a violent alcoholic later in life, eventually murdering his second wife and then taking his own life.
In 1971, Marvella faced another personal crisis with a diagnosis of breast cancer. She underwent a mastectomy followed by radiation and chemotherapy treatments. In order to support his wife, Birch Bayh announced that he would not be a candidate for president in 1972.
After her recovery, Marvella became a spokesperson for the American Cancer Society. She was also a television “Bicentennial Reporter” every Sunday through July 4, 1976.
In 1978, more than six years after her cancer operation and treatment, the cancer recurred. Despite aggressive treatment, she lost her battle and died on April 24, 1979 at the age of forty-six, in Bethesda, Maryland.

</doc>
<doc id="20085363" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085363" title="Margie Cox">
Margie Cox

Margaret "Margie" Cox, also known as Ta Mara, is an American singer. She is best known as the lead singer of Minneapolis sound band Ta Mara and the Seen, and for her work with Prince.
Early life and career.
Cox was born in Kenitra, Morocco and moved to Minneapolis with her family when she was seven years old. She learned to play several instruments, including piano, guitar, and drums.
Cox attended Southeast Alternatives Free School, graduating from Marshall-University High School and sang in the nightclub Bootlegger Sam's in Dinkytown when she was in ninth grade. She graduated to other bands, including Raggs in 1980, the Doug Maynard Band, the T.C. Jammers, the Peterson-Cox Band (with Patty Peterson), Rupert's Orchestra and, in 1987, Dr. Mambo's Combo (now just the Legendary Combo). 
She also sang on a local "Bar Wars" compilation LP, and on the final Lipps, Inc album, 1983's "4".
Ta Mara and The Seen.
In 1985 Cox formed a band called The Seen and was noticed by Jesse Johnson, guitarist with Minneapolis band The Time. Johnson renamed Cox "Ta Mara" and helped the band sign a deal with A&M. He also produced their first album, "Ta Mara and the Seen", and co-wrote all of the songs. The band had one major hit with "Everybody Dance" but in 1989 they broke up after releasing their next album, "Blueberry Gossip".
Work with Prince.
Cox is a long-time associate of the singer Prince and his band The New Power Generation. In the early 1990s, she recorded more than 25 songs with Prince for a band to be called M.C. Flash, although the album was never released. She also covered Prince's "Standing at the Altar" for his 1994 compilation album "1-800-NEW-FUNK", and the song was released as a single.
Later work.
Cox co-wrote "I Need You" with Johnson, which appeared on Paula Abdul's 1988 album "Forever Your Girl".
In 2003 she released her first solo album "Margie's Little Demo".

</doc>
<doc id="20085372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085372" title="Latino National Survey, 2006">
Latino National Survey, 2006

The Latino National Survey (LNS) contains 8,634 completed interviews (unweighted) of self-identified Latino/Hispanic residents of the United States. Interviewing began on November 17, 2005, and continued through August 4, 2006. The survey instrument contained approximately 165 distinct items ranging from demographic descriptions to political attitudes and policy preferences, as well as a variety of social indicators and experiences. All interviewers were bilingual, English and Spanish. Respondents were greeted in both languages and were immediately offered the opportunity to interview in either language. Interviewers also provided a consent script that allowed respondents to opt out of the survey. Demographic variables include age, ancestry, birthplace, education level, ethnicity, marital status, military service, number of people in the household, number of children under the age of 18 living in the household, political party affiliation, political ideology, religiosity, religious preference, race, and sex. 
The principal investigators of the LNS were Luis R. Fraga of the University of Washington, John A. Garcia of the University of Arizona, Rodney Hero of the University of Notre Dame, Michael Jones-Correa of Cornell University, Valerie Martinez-Ebers of Texas Christian University, and Gary M. Segura of the University of Washington.

</doc>
<doc id="20085374" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085374" title="Adult Career Development Center (Richmond, Virginia)">
Adult Career Development Center (Richmond, Virginia)

Adult Career Development Center, part of the Richmond Public Schools system, is an Alternative School located in Richmond, Virginia. Established in 1975, the A.C.D.C. has created a non-traditional Richmond Public School program that aides all age groups achieve various aspects of their educational needs, however, every year they serve a large number regular high school seniors who will graduate with a standard or advanced high school diploma from their home school.

</doc>
<doc id="20085383" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085383" title="Japanese escort ship Tsushima">
Japanese escort ship Tsushima

Tsushima was an escort ship of the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War II.

</doc>
<doc id="20085388" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085388" title="Phaya Thai (disambiguation)">
Phaya Thai (disambiguation)

Phaya Thai (also Phayathai, Phya Thai or Phyathai, ) may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="20085410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085410" title="Captain Bluebear">
Captain Bluebear

Captain Bluebear (German: "Käpt'n Blaubär") is a fictional character created by novelist and comic artist Walter Moers. Bluebear, an anthropomorphic talking bear with blue fur who originally appeared in the German children's television program "Die Sendung mit der Maus", has since then appeared in a film, a novel, a stage musical and various other media, all of which chronicle the character's life as a sailor and adventurer. Outside of Germany, Captain Bluebear is best known for being the protagonist of Moers' novel "The 13½ Lives of Captain Bluebear".
"Die Sendung mit der Maus".
Captain Bluebear originally appeared in "Käpt'n Blaubärs Seemannsgarn" (“Captain Bluebear's Sailor's Yarn”), a regular segment in the educational children's television series "Die Sendung mit der Maus". Other regular characters of the "Seemannsgarn" episodes are Bluebear's sailor companion Hein Blöd (an anthropomorphic rat whose name translates as “Harry Dim”) and his three grandchildren (little bears who have yellow, green and pink fur, respectively), all of which live with Bluebear in a ship stranded on a cliff. One episode would usually consist of Bluebear telling a cock-and-bull story to his grandchildren, with the frame narrative being made with animated puppets and Bluebear's story itself being a traditionally animated short film. The stories always take the form of a tall tale and usually have Captain Bluebear overcome some unbelievable obstacle or a seemingly all-powerful adversary who threatens to sink the Captain's ship. The little bears habitually doubt the veracity of their grandfather's tales, while Hein Blöd acts as a buffoon character. 
The episodes sometimes contained allusions to other popular characters of German children's television like the Sandmännchen, and also to other aspects of Walter Moers' work, e.g. in some episodes one of the little bears wears a pin-back button of Moers' adult comic character Little Asshole. Bluebear, Hein Blöd and the three little bears later became part of other children's TV shows as well, such as "Käpt’n Blaubär Club" and "Blaubär und Blöd".
Film and novel.
In 1999 Captain Bluebear simultaneously appeared in a made-for-television feature film and in "The 13½ Lives of Captain Bluebear", Walter Moers' first fantasy novel. The novel reveals that Bluebear is a Chromobear ("Buntbär") and thus belongs to a fictional race of ursines who inhabit the continent of Zamonia, which became a regular setting for most of Moers' fantasy novels. "The 13½ Lives of Captain Bluebear" is presented as the autobiography of its eponymous hero, which nevertheless covers only the first half of his 27 lives—implying that the other half is covered by the television episodes and making the novel a kind of origin story for the character. The novel ends with Bluebear rescuing his fellow Chromobears from slavery. The Chromobears (although not Bluebear himself) return in Moers' second Zamonia novel "Ensel and Krete", in which they are shown as having established a touristic paradise in their native forest that the Chromobears nevertheless rule in a militaristic, semi-totalitarian way. The novels depart from the concept of the television program in that they are suited not only for children, but for adult readers as well.
The traditionally animated film "Käpt'n Blaubär – Der Film" was written by Moers and directed by Hayo Freitag. It is based on the television episodes rather than the novel. Its plot centers around the mad scientist Prof. Dr. Feinfinger, who, in kidnapping the little bears, seeks revenge against their grandfather, who once thwarted Feinfinger's plan to achieve world domination. Feinfinger is voiced by German comedian Helge Schneider, who had previously participated in the film adaptations of Moers' Little Asshole character, while Bluebear's voice is provided by actor Wolfgang Völz, who already voice-acted the Bluebear puppet in the "Seemannsgarn" episodes. The film also features an end title theme written and performed by Berlin rock group Die Ärzte. "Käpt'n Blaubär – Der Film" was awarded a Deutscher Filmpreis in 2000.
Musicals.
In 2006, "The 13½ Lives of Captain Bluebear" was adapted into a stage musical composed by Martin Lingnau and written by Heiko Wohlgemuth. It premiered in the Musical Dome in Cologne. It was followed by two television musicals in 2008 and 2009 respectively, "Die drei Bärchen und der blöde Wolf" (“The Three Little Bears and the Dim Wolf”) and "Abenteuer im Pizzawald" (“Adventures in the Pizza Forest”), both of which were in turn based on the television episodes.

</doc>
<doc id="20085419" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085419" title="Team Russia">
Team Russia

Team Russia was the name of the Russian backed entry in the 2008-09 Volvo Ocean Race. Team Russia was founded by Oleg Zherebtsov, the founder of the Lenta hypermarket chain in Russia. Zherebstov met former Olympic sailor and professional skipper, Andreas Hanakamp, by chance during a sailing holiday in Croatia.
The CEO of Team Russia is Michael Woods, who was Director of Race Operations for the 2001-02 race.
Their yacht, a second generation Volvo Open 70, was designed by British designer Rob Humphreys and built by Green Marine in Lymington, UK she was christened ‘Kosatka’ (which is Russian for Orca or Killer Whale) at a ceremony at Gunwharf Quays Marina, Portsmouth, UK on Monday June 16, 2008 by the boats godmother Birgitta Westerberg, co-founder (with Oleg Zherebtsov), of the Solntse (Sun) Foundation charity for sick and underprivileged children in St Petersburg, Russia.
Team Russia had to suspend racing upon arrival in Singapore at the end of Leg 3 due to ‘insufficient funds’. They officially withdrew from legs 4, 5, and 6 of the race, and whilst the team hoped to rejoin for the last legs of the race, this was not possible, however the team did sail Leg 10 beside the rest of the fleet to their hometown of St Petersberg.
Race Team.
The race team consisted of some previous Volvo Ocean Race sailors, as well as some newcomers to the event.
WDCS Partnership.
The WDCS were announced as the official partner for Team Russia.
Kosatka sailed under the logo 'We Sail For The Whale’ which calls for the creation of twelve new marine protected areas for whales and dolphins by 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="20085429" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085429" title="Mary Lincoln Crume">
Mary Lincoln Crume

Mary Ada Lincoln Crume, (1775 - c. 1832) was born in Linville Creek, Rockingham County, Virginia and is buried in the cemetery at Crume Valley, Breckenridge County, Kentucky. She was the aunt of the 16th President of the United States Abraham Lincoln. Abraham Lincoln highlighted his aunt in an autobiographical sketch written for his political campaign.
President Abraham Lincoln's "Aunt Mary".
President Abraham Lincoln considered his family connections to be significant for his presidential campaign. In June 1860, he wrote a short autobiography to be used in his bid for the White House. In this sketch, he highlighted his ancestry and extended relatives including Mary Lincoln, the eldest of his father's sisters. He also indicated that some of her descendants were known to be in Breckenridge County, Kentucky.
While he was President, he mentions his Uncle Ralph and Aunt Mary again in a letter to a cousin, Susana Weathers, thanking her for a pair of socks. The President's father, Thomas, had dealings with his sister, Mary, for many years. He built her a corner cabinet for her dishes which now resides in the Brown-Pusey House Museum in Elizabethtown, Kentucky. Thomas sought help from his sister and brother-in-law on one or possibly two of his moves to Indiana, the initial move and the second move of his second wife to Indiana. This second move may have given Ralph the idea to move to Indiana which he did for a short period in 1829-30.
Early life and family.
Mary Ada Lincoln Crume was the third child of Captain Abraham Lincoln (May 13, 1744 - May 1786) and his wife, Bathsheba Herring Lincoln (c. 1742 – 1836), a daughter of Alexander Herring (c. 1708 - 1778) and his wife Abigail Harrison Herring (c. 1710 – c. 1780) of Linville Creek. Five children were born to Abraham and Bathsheba Lincoln: Mordecai born circa 1771, Josiah born circa 1773, Mary born circa 1775, Thomas born 1778, and Nancy born 1780.
Mary was born at the Lincoln Family Homestead, Linville Creek in then Augusta County, Virginia (now Rockingham County, Virginia). At age 6, her parents sold their land and the family moved to Jefferson county, Kentucky.
Marriages and children.
Mary Ada Lincoln Crume was the probable second wife of Daniel Crume (January 27, 1758 - September 16, 1824), forming a common-law or frontier marriage about 1791 and dissolving it before 1801. There are no public records on this relationship. They had two daughters: Sarah Crume Hasty (25 January 1792 - 7 July 1879) and Elizabeth W. Crume Davis (1794 - 2 August 1880). The Brookville Star, 17 Dec 1917, indicates that Elizabeth W. Crume was a first cousin of Abraham Lincoln.
Mary's marriage to Ralph Crume, Jr., the nephew of Daniel Crume, occurred on 5 August 1801. Ralph Crume and Mary Lincoln had the following children: Dr. William Cox Crume (7 Apr 1804 - after Nov 1883), Ann Crume (1805-?), and Ralph Lincoln Crume (1809-After 1890) .She is buried in the cemetery at Crume Valley in Breckenridge county, Kentucky.

</doc>
<doc id="20085442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085442" title="MV St Cecilia">
MV St Cecilia

MV "St Cecilia" is a vehicle and passenger ferry operated by Wightlink on their route from Portsmouth to Fishbourne on the Isle of Wight, the route she has taken throughout her life.
"St Cecilia" was built in Yorkshire and was launched into the River Ouse. In March 1987, she began carrying passengers. In 2001 she appeared as a fictional "Norselink" ferry in a Gérard Depardieu film.
There are currently plans to increase the capacity of the ship by extending her by 12 metres.

</doc>
<doc id="20085448" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085448" title="Time* Sex* Love*">
Time* Sex* Love*

Time* Sex* Love* is the seventh studio album from American country music artist Mary Chapin Carpenter. It was released in 2001 on Columbia Records Nashville as her first full studio album since "A Place in the World" five years previous. This album produced two singles in "Simple Life" at #53, and "This Is Me Leaving You" which failed to chart.
The album was recorded at George Martin's Air Studios in London.
Track listing.
All songs written by Mary Chapin Carpenter except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="20085455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085455" title="Japanese escort ship Amakusa">
Japanese escort ship Amakusa

Amakusa was an escort ship of the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War II. She was damaged by a magnetic mine at Chichi-jima on 20 December 1944. Sailed to Yokosuka and drydocked 13 January 1945. Repairs finished 22 January. On 26 February 1945 damaged by US Navy aircraft from Task Force 58 east of Izu Shima, 26 crewmen killed. Repaired at Yokosuka with repairs finished on 16 March 1945. On 9 August 1945, while lying in harbor at Onagawa Bay, Miyagi Prefecture, Japan, the ship came under attack by a Corsair piloted by Lieutenant Robert Hampton Gray and was sunk; 71 crewmen were killed.
In 2007, a memorial was dedicated to both the crew of the "Amakusa" and Lt. Gray overlooking the town of Onagawa in Sakiyama Scenic Park.

</doc>
<doc id="20085509" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085509" title="Thala">
Thala

Thala () is a town and commune in Tunisia. It is located in the Kasserine Governorate since 1956.
As of the 2004 census it had inhabitants.
The altitude of Thala is , which makes it the highest and the coldest town in the country.
History.
Thala was the scene of fierce fighting during World War II, in the late stages of the Battle of the Kasserine Pass. The 10th Panzer Division sought to exploit its early success against US forces. In a series of defensive actions on 21 February 1943, the British 26th Armoured Brigade, part of Nickforce, blocked an advance by the German division's "Kampfgruppe" which, despite coming under the personal command of Erwin Rommel, were finally unable to make headway through fire from British tanks and artillery.
Geography.
Climate.
The climate in Thala is semi-arid ("BSh/BSk", according to the Köppen climate classification), with Mediterranean influences. Summers are moderately hot (by Saharan standards) and dry, and winters are chilly and wetter. Snowfalls can occur sometimes.

</doc>
<doc id="20085511" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085511" title="1950 Pau Grand Prix">
1950 Pau Grand Prix

The 1950 Pau Grand Prix was a Non-Championship Formula One motor race held on 10 April 1950 at the Pau circuit, in Pau, Pyrénées-Atlantiques, France. It was the first race of the 1950 Formula One season, and was conducted on the same day as the 1950 Richmond Trophy. The race, contested over 110 laps, was won by Maserati driver Juan Manuel Fangio after starting from pole position. Luigi Villoresi finished second in a Ferrari, and Louis Rosier third in a Talbot-Lago.
References.
"Race results are taken from 
"and

</doc>
<doc id="20085515" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085515" title="Aztec Aquaplex">
Aztec Aquaplex

The Aztec Aquaplex, located on the San Diego State University (SDSU) campus in San Diego, California, USA. The facility is operated and managed by the Associated Students of San Diego State University, which provides passes for access.
Intercollegiate sports.
The SDSU Aztecs intercollegiate water polo, swimming and diving teams are based at the Aztec Aquaplex.
Facilities.
Constructed on the west side of campus, the site occupies a total of of usable space. The facility is situated between Tony Gwynn Stadium, the SDSU Softball Stadium, the Aztec Tennis Center, three football practice fields and the SDSU Sports Deck. The facility is also just behind the Aztec Athletics Center, which allows student-athletes easy access to some of the top training personnel and weightlifting facilities on the West Coast. In addition, Viejas Arena is within walking distance.
Swimming pools.
The facility hosts three (3) swimming pools:
Services.
Adjacent to the pools is a building complex with showers, locker rooms, restrooms, administrative offices, member services, storage and support facilities.

</doc>
<doc id="20085531" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085531" title="Zimbabwe (album)">
Zimbabwe (album)

Zimbabwe is a 2007 live album by American indie/roots folk band Dispatch. The album was recorded in Madison Square Garden in front of a sellout crowd.

</doc>
<doc id="20085532" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085532" title="The Free Life">
The Free Life

The Free Life (registration N2079 ) was the name of the ill-fated Roziere balloon that made the fourth attempt at crossing the Atlantic Ocean. The balloon was launched from East Hampton, New York on 20 September 1970. The balloon was piloted by Malcolm Brighton, with Rodney Anderson and Pamela Brown on board.
The adventure was thought up by Rodney Anderson and his wife, Pamela Brown. Pamela Brown was the actress daughter of Kentucky politician and attorney John Y. Brown, Sr. and the sister of Kentucky Fried Chicken entrepreneur and future Kentucky Governor John Y. Brown Jr. At age 28, she and her 32-year-old husband, commodities broker Rod Anderson, hoped to break records with the first manned balloon flight across the Atlantic. The couple planned to recoup the cost of the venture by writing a book about their experience. When the pilot whom they had been counting on for the flight withdrew late in the game, the Andersons hired Englishman Malcolm Brighton, 32, whose ascent in the Free Life was to be his 100th - and his last. Malcolm Brighton had built a number of balloons and became the main builder for the Bristol Belle, the name given to the first modern hot air balloon in Europe.
The Free Life was the first use of a Roziere style balloon for an Atlantic attempt and was built by Mark Semich. It used a combination of helium and hot air. Below the spherical helium gas cell is a conical sleeve where air can be heated by burners in the same way as a normal hot air balloon. By varying the hot air temperature, altitude can be maintained without having to release helium or to drop ballast. The burners are principally used to compensate for the lack of solar heating at night.
Even after four years of planning and postponing, Mr Brighton still had reservations about the balloon and in an interview, in which Mr. Brighton was asked what he thought of the Free Life, he said "I think I could have done better". Even experienced balloonists, to whom Mr. Brighton had confided his plans to pilot the Free Life, advised against it.
Voyage.
Despite this, the balloon was launched from George Sid Miller's pasture on Fireplace Road in Springs, East Hampton, New York on 20 September 1970. The weather was perfect. Families picnicked and partied. The giant yellow, white and orange balloon, seven storeys tall, was spectacular. Spirits were high, and everyone seemed to share a sense of participating in something extraordinary. 1,500 well-wishers cheered their ascent.
Unfortunately, disaster struck just some 30 hours after launch. A hot-air mechanism designed to maintain the balloon’s altitude at night failed the second day of the flight. When the balloon encountered a high-altitude cold front and a severe rainstorm, they were forced to ditch in the Atlantic that night, about 600 miles southeast of Newfoundland. On 21 September came the last message from the Free Life. "We are ditching," it said. "We request search and rescue." The balloon went down in stormy seas off Newfoundland. Three Coast Guard cutters, a Royal Canadian Air Force plane and six American Air Force and Coast Guard planes scoured the area for fourteen days. A few items from the balloon gondola were spotted, but the rescue effort was unsuccessful.
Up to August 1978, ten subsequent attempts were made at transatlantic balloon crossings. In February 1974, while making one such attempt, Colonel Thomas Leigh Gatch, Jr., USAR also disappeared in his "Light Heart", a superpressure balloon. Finally, on 17 August 1978, three Americans - Ben Abruzzo, Maxie Anderson, and Larry Newman crossed the Atlantic by balloon, in the "Double Eagle II".
Personal Account of One Air Force Rescue Crew
On September 21, 1970, we had a mission flying our USAF Air Rescue HC-130 (four 4700 horsepower turboprops and long range rescue and survival equipment on board) East of the coast of Newfoundland to assist fighter aircraft transiting the North Atlantic to NATO bases in Europe. On our late afternoon return leg to home base at Pease AFB, Portsmouth, NH, Boston Radar asked me on the frequency to attempt to make contact with the balloon crew. The crew had a VHF radio, some food and a case of Champagne on board! I was able to raise the Englishman off the coast of Nova Scotia. I asked him how it was going and he replied, "We are doing fine, however, we are a free gas balloon now, since we lost our burner during the night; but we are maintaining about 7,000 feet of altitude". I advised him of the potentially bad weather ahead of him on his flight, wished them good luck, and went back over on frequency to report to Boston Center what I had heard. After we reached Pease and had shut down the engines, I went into our Operations officies and told our air rescue alert crew to "get ready; you will be going out tonight!" You see the Atlantic is a big ocean; bigger than you can imagine unless you have experienced it in a boat or flying at 500 feet searching for lost souls. And, we had, just prior to contacting the Englishman, crossed a weather front at 20,000 feet with 70MPH surface winds and 30 foot wave swells on the water surface! Think: Perfect Storm!
The Search - From My Flight Logs
The Next day, September 22, 1970, I, and my crew of 14 joined a multi-aircraft fleet of US Air Force, Coast Guard, and Canadian Forces, searching the North Atlantic off the coast of Nova Scotia using the Coast Guard drift tables for that section of the Atlantic. Guided by our Loran A and the skill of our navigators, we droned on at 500 to 1000 feet above the water for two weeks scanning every inch and mile of targeted ocean. We crew rested at Torbay, Newfoundland; and, personally, with my crew flying over 45 hours total, we (and all other aircraft) never found a piece of the balloon; nor experienced any sighting of the three lost passengers. To my knowledge, nothing ever washed up on the shores anywhere in Europe; not even a bottle of Champagne! The Atlantic is a big ocean and the average person cannot comprehend just how dangerous it can be to try to cross it, even with the best of equipment and the utmost of training; and in perfect weather. 
Pamela Brown Auditorium.
In October 1972 Pamela Brown was memorialized by the opening of the Pamela Brown Auditorium, the first and largest theater in the newly built Actor's Theatre of Louisville complex.
The Free Life: The Spirit of Courage, Folly and Obsession.
A book commemorating the attempt was written in 1994 by Anthony Smith, noted science and travel writer, explorer, and lighter-than-air enthusiast. Entitled “The Free Life: The Spirit of Courage, Folly and Obsession”, the book was awarded the W.W. Norton & Co. thirteenth Annual Editors' Book Award. Anthony Smith was not at the launch of the balloon in 1970, but he had taught Mr. Brighton to fly, and he had flown with him more frequently than anyone else.

</doc>
<doc id="20085535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085535" title="Marketing accountability">
Marketing accountability

Marketing accountability is a term that signifies management with data that is understandable to the management of the enterprise. Other names that have been given to this process include "Marketing Performance Measurement", "Marketing Performance Management", "Marketing ROI", "ROMI", and "Accountable Marketing".
Overview.
Within marketing accountability the expression “integrated marketing communications” (IMC) implies that marketing and communications are integrated within the business and management of the enterprise, not as a stand-alone functional silo. Analogous to other business functions like manufacturing and sales, accountable marketing is based on a set of valid outcome performance indicators and the associated activity input costs. Outcome performance indicators are called Effectiveness Metrics; Effectiveness combined with costs is called Efficiency (effectiveness per dollar spent).
Methodology.
In order for indicators to be considered valid for accountability, they must meet a few minimum requirements. They need to measure marketing outcomes from the consumers’ point of view, they need to include all marketing activities, they must be repeated over time, and they must meet statistical and technical criteria required of all measurement systems.
The measurements need to be true outcome indicators. Unlike sales where the outcome is easily quantifiable, marketing is more difficult to define: there is not a direct, fast-acting relationship between marketing activities and sales. Some marketing materials are designed to inform, others attempt to portray the product or service attractively, yet others attempt to influence purchasing behavior. Most marketing campaigns include all three orientations; a brand may have glossy ads to boost attractiveness, brochures to convey information, and coupons with expiration dates to stimulate purchases. Thus a multiplicity of channels and contacts that influence target consumers needs to be measured togethe in order to understand the overall effect, and the separate effectiveness of the programs. The outcome indicator can be called “Brand Experience”, and only consumers can discern the resultant brand experience in the clutter of the marketplace as each message competes with others for attention.
To assure meaningful comparisons among activities, brands, markets, and points in time; the metrics must use a common scale—a “common currency”. This is quite obvious in accounting systems for multinational corporations, but in marketing all too often this principle is ignored. Different communications activities are evaluated using different measurements. These methods fall short of accountability in that the activities cannot be compared directly and their synergies cannot be discerned. Only measurement systems that use common units – to evaluate each contact, each market, and each competitor — can result in marketing accountability.
Marketing activity outcomes must be gathered on a continuous basis in time. While a single reading may provide some insight into the condition before marketing begins, accountability comes from understanding cause and effect. This knowledge comes from repeated examinations over time that show changes from marketing initiatives (from brand and competition) and the evolution of consumers’ needs. Harold Geneen in his groundbreaking book “Managing” explains the role of an effective CEO: to repeatedly evaluate performance numbers on a continuous basis. Only long term observation brings true insight of unanticipated changes and “red flags” in the data.
All measurement systems are prone to misinterpretation and error. Together these form the science of metrology. Measurement accuracy, repeatability, reproducibility, bias, data shifts, and data drifts are only a few common issues identified in measurement , and any useful system must be evaluated from the technical point of view to assure that it addresses these criteria. It is essential that measurement error is quantified so that managers react to changes in conditions, but not changes due to measurement variation. At the very least, all measurements need to show statistical confidence intervals or so-called “error bars”. Independent organizations like the Advertising Research Foundation evaluate the validity of commonly used measurement systems.
These outcome indicators, representing the condition in the marketplace, are combined with financial data to show efficiency of the marketing process. The financials are inputs: dollars spent for marketing activities. The best and most informative systems use Activity based costing (ABC) that track costs by each marketing activity, rather than traditional cost accounting by salaries, facilities, equipment, and materials. ABC methods have the best fidelity as they show contribution efficiency (Brand Experience/$ spent) of each activity, and they may be summed in desired combinations (or campaigns). Understanding competitors costs and brand experience can lead to benchmarking, a comparison to what is considered the best in class.
A well implemented business process that yields common valid outcome indicators combined with spending levels leads to understanding of marketing performance. Using this “common currency” allows enterprise management, marketing management and other managers to understand marketing performance effectiveness and efficiency. Additionally, marketing accountability metrics become understandable across management levels as senior managers and lower ranks all see and interpret the same information. The resultant transparency allows all to interpret marketing performance in the same way and promotes concentration toward the most effective and efficient marketing.

</doc>
<doc id="20085548" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085548" title="Dutch Mills, Arkansas">
Dutch Mills, Arkansas

Dutch Mills is an unincorporated community in Dutch Mills Township, Washington County, Arkansas, United States. Dutch Mills is on Arkansas Highway 59 about south of U.S. Route 62 and east of the Oklahoma border.
Since Dutch Mills is a small rural community, it receives mail delivery from Lincoln (ZIP code 72744). The population of the Lincoln ZCTA was 4,571 at the 2000 census. It is part of the Fayetteville–Springdale–Rogers, AR-MO Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History.
Dutch Mills was originally called Hermannsburg, named after its first documented settler, Johann H. Hermann, a German immigrant and former student at the University of Heidelberg. In the early 1850s, Johann Hermann and his brother, Karl F. Hermann acquired the property of the town, built a mill, laid out the lots, and acquired the rights to a United States post office. The brothers operated the mill, a small store, and both served as Postmaster (Johann in 1856 and Karl in 1859). Multiple German families moved there, following the Hermanns.
Hermannsburg was located at a dangerous crossroads between The North and The South during the American Civil War. Bushwackers from both sides of the conflict regularly pillaged the town and conditions worsened after the Battle of Wilson's Creek. Renegade Missouri Governor Claiborne Jackson and his Confederate militia commandeered the Hermann home in Hermannsburg for the night while on their flight to Texas. Because many German immigrants sided with the Union cause, Southern bushwackers would often target them for robbery and even murder. In December 1862, the last 19 German immigrants who remained in the town, including the Hermann brothers and their families, fled Hermannsburg under the cover of night for the safety of the larger German community in St. Louis. 
Education.
Dutch Mills is located within the Lincoln Consolidated Public School District.

</doc>
<doc id="20085564" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085564" title="Party Doll and Other Favorites">
Party Doll and Other Favorites

Party Doll and Other Favorites is the first compilation album by American country music singer Mary Chapin Carpenter. It was released in 1999 on the Columbia Records label and comprises a mix of her greatest hits, several album cuts, and newly recorded tracks. The collection uses live or special event recordings in place of the studio cuts in several cases, others like "I Feel Lucky" and "He Thinks He'll Keep Her" are the original album versions. Of the new material, "Almost Home" and "Wherever You Are" were both released as singles, respectively reaching #22 and #55 on the "Billboard" country charts in 1999. The track "Can't Take Love for Granted" was taken from a live performance on "Late Night with David Letterman"; the song, originally a ballad appearing on her third album, "Shooting Straight in the Dark," differed from the album version, in that it was performed as a rowdy, guitar-driven rock and roll performance.
Track listing.
All songs written by Mary Chapin Carpenter, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="20085589" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085589" title="S&amp;P 400">
S&amp;P 400

The S&P MidCap 400 Index, more commonly known as the S&P 400, is a stock market index from S&P Dow Jones Indices. The index serves as a barometer for the U.S. mid-cap equities sector and is the most widely followed mid-cap index in existence. To be included in the index, a stock must have a total market capitalization that ranges from roughly $750 million to $3.3 billion.
It has set a series of all-time highs since the Federal Reserve announced its third round of recent quantitative easing in mid-September 2012. At the weekly and monthly close of November 30, 2012, the index settled at the 1,000 point mark, and it has continued to rise in early 2013, setting new records above 1,200 by mid-May.
Its current record close is 1,257.39, set on September 18, 2013.
Its current all-time intraday high is 1,261.18, reached on August 1, 2013.
Investing.
The following exchange-traded funds (ETFs) attempt to track this index and sub-indexes:
Versions.
The "S&P 400" generally quoted is a price return index; there are also "total return" and "net total return" versions of the index. These versions differ in how dividends are accounted for. The price return version does not account for dividends; it only captures the changes in the prices of the index components. The total return version reflects the effects of dividend reinvestment. Finally, the net total return version reflects the effects of dividend reinvestment after the deduction of withholding tax.

</doc>
<doc id="20085601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085601" title="Lorenzo Gray">
Lorenzo Gray

Lorenzo Gray (born March 4, 1958) is a former Major League Baseball player. He played parts of two seasons in the major leagues, and , for the Chicago White Sox. He played a total of 58 games in the majors, mostly at third base.

</doc>
<doc id="20085609" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085609" title="S&amp;P 600">
S&amp;P 600

The S&P SmallCap 600 Index, more commonly known as the S&P 600, is a stock market index from Standard & Poor's. It covers roughly the small-cap range of US stocks, using a capitalization-weighted index. The index covers roughly three percent of the total US stock market.
Investing.
The following exchange-traded funds (ETFs) attempt to track the performance of the index:
It can be compared to the Russell 2000 Index.
Versions.
The "S&P 600" generally quoted is a price return index; there is also "total return" version of the index. These versions differ in how dividends are accounted for. The price return version does not account for dividends; it only captures the changes in the prices of the index components. The total return version reflects the effects of dividend reinvestment.
Annual returns.
Annual returns of the S&P 600 Index from its introduction in 1994 to the last completed year are tabulated below.

</doc>
<doc id="20085631" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085631" title="Tomás Sánchez (captain)">
Tomás Sánchez (captain)

Tomás Sánchez was a veteran Spanish captain who founded Laredo, Texas, United States, and Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas, Mexico, at the time the only town in the Nuevo Santander Province.
Origins.
Capitan Tomás Sánchez, was born into northern Mexico's oligarchic families. His father's family roots are traced to the old "hidalgo" families of Andalucia, Spain. His mother descends from the noble Oñate-Zaldivar family, conquistadors of Northern Mexico, and the politically entrenched De La Garza family, who controlled extensive lands from Saltillo to the Rio Grande.
Founding of Laredo.
He first arrived in Texas in 1749 to a place he named "El Paso de Jacinto", later called "Indian Ford", which is now west of Downtown Laredo. He then petitioned Colonel José de Escandón, 1st Count of Sierra Gorda for permission to found a town at this location. His petition was granted on May 15, 1755. He named the new townsite, Villa de San Agustin de Laredo, in honor of Saint Augustine and Colonel Escandon's hometown Laredo, Cantabria, Spain. Don Tomás Sánchez first established three families in the new villa. The site selected is located in the San Agustine Historical District in Downtown Laredo near the San Agustine Cathedral.

</doc>
<doc id="20085653" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085653" title="FC Dinamo II București">
FC Dinamo II București

Dinamo II București is a Romanian professional football club from Bucureşti, Romania. Dinamo II is the reserve team of FC Dinamo București.
History.
The team was founded in 2003, the first head coach being Cornel Țălnar. Dinamo II played in the third division of the Romanian football, but won promotion to the second tier in this first season. Dinamo II was part of the third group and finished fourth in the standings, the last place that brought the promotion to the second tier.
In the first season at this stage, Liga II, Dinamo II marked the best finish to date, ending the second group on the eight place. The following season, the team relegated from the Liga II, but came back after only one season. In the 2006-07 season, the team won the group in which they played in the third division.
From 2007, Dinamo managed to keep its place in the second division, being close to relegation in 2010, when the team finished 15th, only one point above the relegation zone.
Across the years, the team was managed by former big players of the first squad: Ion Moldovan, Ionel Augustin, Dumitru Moraru, Costel Orac, Liviu Ciobotariu, Flavius Stoican, Ion Marin or Florentin Petre.
Dinamo II is a launching platform for players from the youth sector of the Bucharest club. During the years, players like Adrian Scarlatache, Ștefan Radu, Adrian Ropotan, Cristian Pulhac, Marius Alexe, Constantin Nica or Nicolae Mitea made their breakthrough in football for the team.
Dinamo II relegated to the third division of Romanian football at the end of the 2012–13 season.
Honours.
Liga III:

</doc>
<doc id="20085663" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085663" title="Wills Eye Institute">
Wills Eye Institute

Wills Eye Hospital is a non-profit eye clinic and hospital in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It was established in 1832 and is the oldest continually operating eye-care facility in the United States. It is affiliated with the medical school of Thomas Jefferson University.
Since 1990, Wills Eye Hospital has consistently been ranked one of the top three ophthalmology hospitals in the United States by U.S. News and World Report and is currently ranked #2 in the country. 
History.
James Wills, Jr., a Quaker merchant, was instrumental in the founding of Wills Eye through his bequest of $116,000 in 1832 to the City of Philadelphia. Wills stipulated that the funds were to be used specifically for the indigent, blind, and lame. Over the years it evolved into solely an eye hospital. The first Wills Eye Hospital opened in 1834 near Logan Circle at 18th & Race Streets.
Early surgeons at Wills Eye included Isaac Parrish, M.D. and Isaac Hays, MD, George Fox, M.D., and Squier Littell, M.D., who in 1837 wrote "A Manual of Diseases of the Eye." In 1854, Littell also co-edited "A Treatise on Operative Ophthalmic Surgery" with Henry Haynes Walton.
Historic building.
The Centennial Building of Wills Eye Hospital was designed by noted architect John T. Windrim and built in 1931-1932. It is a six-story, brick building measuring 154 feet by 157 feet. The front facade features a portico with eight Tuscan order columns. The building is now residential apartments.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
Board of Directors of City Trusts.
In his bequest, James Wills stipulated that Wills be administered by the Mayor of Philadelphia or his representatives. In 1869, the Pennsylvania legislature established the Board of Directors of City Trusts for the purpose of administering such funds left in trust to the City.
The Board consists of twelve citizens of Philadelphia, appointed by and accountable to the Judges of the Court of Common Pleas of Philadelphia. Members of the Board, who are named for life or during good behavior, serve without compensation. The Mayor and the President of the Council of the City of Philadelphia are ex-officio members. The Board is required to report annually to the above Court, the legislature of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, and the Council of the City of Philadelphia on the condition and status of the trusts, which it administers.
The Board's bylaws provide that matters relating to Wills Eye shall be supervised by a standing committee of the Board, the Hospital and Research Committee. In addition, another of the Board's standing committees, the Joint Conference Committee, is responsible for the supervision of all medical affairs related to the administration of Wills. The CEO of Wills consults frequently with the Chair of the Hospital Committee on all matters of Wills policy, organizational changes, and major operational problems.
Governance.
Wills is managed by a tripartite organization consisting of the Board of Directors of City Trusts, the Wills Eye administration, and the medical staff. Overall policy — including matters pertaining to selection, direction, and accountability of management — is determined by the Board of Directors of City Trusts. Establishment of institutional objectives and decisions relating to the operations are the responsibility of the Wills administration. Strategies and administrative concerns relating to professional matters, the residency program, and research are under the purview of the Ophthalmologist-in-Chief and Executive Council of the medical staff.
Education.
Wills Eye built its outstanding reputation as a pioneer in ophthalmic education by establishing the first ophthalmology residency program in the country in 1839. Admission to the residency program is extremely competitive; eight physicians are selected every year from over 500 applicants. Wills currently has 24 residents enrolled in the three-year program, making it one of the largest ophthalmic training programs in the country.
In addition to the residency program, Wills offers fellowships in each ophthalmic subspecialty. At the present time there are 26 ophthalmologists enrolled in clinical and research fellowship programs.
Wills has a long-standing academic and clinical relationship with Thomas Jefferson University Hospital and Jefferson Medical College. Thomas Jefferson University sponsors the Wills Eye Residency Program and Wills serves as Jefferson's Department of Ophthalmology. Jefferson medical students and non-ophthalmology residents rotate through Wills Eye as part of their training.
Medical achievements.
Wills Eye has pioneered many techniques in the field of ophthalmology, including:
Research.
The Wills Vision Research Center at Jefferson was established in June 2011 in order to forge a collaboration between clinicians and researchers in the diagnosis, treatment and prevention of eye disease. More than 15 scientific disciplines participate, including ophthalmology, oncology, pathology, neurology and endocrinology. The primary focus is on translational research and studies that will have a major impact on improving vision health.

</doc>
<doc id="20085689" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085689" title="Roy Granata">
Roy Granata

Domingo "Roy" Granata (Buenos Aires, 12 February 1922 - Buenos Aires, 19 August 2005) was an Italian Argentine jazz musician.
Biography.
Granata was the second child of Giuseppino Granata and Lucía Russo, who were Italian immigrants. He began his musical studies when he was very young and, by the time he reached his teens, was teaching theory, voice, composition, piano, violin and trumpet, the last of which would become his instrument of choice.
Upon entering military service, he formed the "Banda de Granaderos" (Grenadiers). After his tour of duty, he spent his nights working for various orchestras in Buenos Aires. In 1954, he took a job in Medellín. He, his wife and newborn child lived there for two years, but they became homesick and returned to Buenos Aires, where Roy formed his own orchestra, the "Banda de Estrellas", which played jazz as well as an array of Latin-American musical styles. In the sixties, he was a featured artist in the band "Cafiaspirina". It was then that he was first presented as "Roy Granata y su Trompeta de Oro" (Trumpet of Gold).
In 1969, he helped organize the "Primer Festival Nacional de la Música Beat" which was held in the theater "El Nacional" and included most of the best-known bands in Argentina. They were awarded prizes for playing, style and execution by a jury of prominent figures from the public, academic and commercial spheres.
At the beginning of the seventies, he traveled to Aruba and decided to stay for a few years. In the later seventies and eighties he was part of several theater orchestras in Buenos Aires, until they replaced the musicians with recordings to save money. But, even though he no longer performed live, he continued to arrange music for many bands and orchestras.

</doc>
<doc id="20085690" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085690" title="Sanskrit nouns">
Sanskrit nouns

Sanskrit is a highly inflected language with three grammatical genders (masculine, feminine, neuter) and three numbers (singular, plural, dual). It has eight cases: nominative, vocative, accusative, instrumental, dative, ablative, genitive, and locative.
Nouns are grouped into "declensions", which are sets of nouns that form their cases in a similar manner. In this article they are divided into five declensions. The declension to which a noun belongs is determined largely by form.
Cases.
Sanskrit nouns have eight cases: nominative, accusative, instrumental, dative, ablative, genitive, locative, and vocative. Of these eight cases, Pāṇini identified six as "kārakas", or accessories to a verb. The six kārakas are the nominative, accusative, dative, instrumental, locative, and ablative cases. He defined them as follows (Ashtādhyāyi, I.4.24-54):
The genitive ("Sambandha") and vocative ("sambuddha") are not included.
Basic noun and adjective declension.
The basic scheme of suffixation is given in the table below—valid for almost all nouns and adjectives. However, according to the gender and the ending consonant/vowel of the uninflected word-stem, there are predetermined rules of compulsory "sandhi" which would then give the final inflected word. The parentheses give the case-terminations for the neuter gender, the rest are for masculine and feminine gender. Both devanagari script and IAST transliterations are given.
a-stems.
A-stems ( or ) comprise the largest class of nouns. As a rule, nouns belonging to this class, with the uninflected stem ending in short-a (), are either masculine or neuter. Nouns ending in long-A () are almost always feminine. A-stem adjectives take the masculine and neuter in short-a (), and feminine in long-A () in their stems. This class is so big because it also comprises the Proto-Indo-European o-stems.
-stems.
-stems are predominantly agental derivatives like ' 'giver', though also include kinship terms like ' 'father', ' 'mother', and ' 'sister'.
Numerals.
The numbers from one to ten are:
The numbers one through four are declined. Éka is declined like a pronominal adjective, though the dual form does not occur. Dvá appears only in the dual. Trí and catúr are declined irregularly.

</doc>
<doc id="20085723" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085723" title="Simpulum">
Simpulum

A simpulum, or simpuvium, was a small vessel or ladle with a long handle from the Roman era, used at sacrifices to make libations, and to taste the wines and other liquors which were poured on the head of the sacrificial victims. The simpulum was the sign of Roman priesthood, and one of the insignia of the College of Pontiffs. 
The simpulum appears on a coin from Patras struck under Augustus. It is placed before the head of Vesta, as a mark of that goddess, on a coin of the Domitian family, and is seen in the hand of a Vestal Virgin on coins of the Julio-Claudian dynasty. A man in a toga holds a simpulum in his hand on a coin of Antonio Drusi.
The simpulum is commonly shown with the lituus and other sacrificial and augural instruments, on coins of Julius Caesar, Mark Antony, Marcus Aemilius Lepidus, Augustus, Caligula, Vespasian, Nerva, Antoninus Pius, Marcus Aurelius, Caracalla, Publius Septimius Geta, Volusianus, Saloninus, Valerianus Minor, Domitius Calvinus and Pontius Pilate, as well as on many consular and colonial medals.

</doc>
<doc id="20085753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085753" title="Herbert Junior Swan">
Herbert Junior Swan

Herbert Junior Swan (born January 20, 1927) was the 18th Speaker for the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan in Canada. He held this post from 1982 to 1986. A member of the Progressive Conservative Party of Saskatchewan, Swan represented the riding of Rosetown-Elrose.
The son of Herbert Swan, he was educated in Demaine, at the Saskatoon Technical Institute and Success Business College. Swan was a farmer and operated a grain seed business. In 1949, he married Anita Syroishka. Swan served on the local school board and was president of the Saskatchewan School Trustees' Association from 1976 to 1978. He served in the provincial cabinet as Minister of the Environment from 1986 to 1987 and as Minister of the Environment and Public Safety from 1987 to 1989. Swan retired from politics in 1991. He is a resident of Beechy, Saskatchewan.

</doc>
<doc id="20085785" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085785" title="Stanley bottle">
Stanley bottle

Stanley is a brand of food and beverage containers originally invented by William Stanley Jr.
History.
The Stanley all-steel vacuum bottle was invented by William Stanley Jr. in 1913. 
Early uses for the Stanley bottle have included flying with the pilots on B-17’s during World War II, carrying human organs, transporting bull semen by the cattle industry, and accompanying crews on deep sea explorations. Today the bottle has been used for cooking noodles and hot dogs, transporting temperature delicate medicines, and coffee.
Timeline.
In 1913 William Stanley Jr. creates the Stanley Bottle as a result of his work with transformers. During this work he discovered that a welding process he was using could be used to insulate a vacuum bottle with steel instead of glass. 
By 1915 William Stanley began mass production of the Stanley bottle. He acquired an empty building, renovated and equipped it with machinery for production of insulated jugs, beverage servers and desk top decanters. 
In 1916, William Stanley died at 57. He is best remembered for his work in electrical power transmissions. After his death, a New York City investment company acquired the operation and hired a mechanical engineer, Harry Badger, as General Manager who continued to invent and develop new products which expanded the product line. 
In 1921, Landers, Frary & Clark (L.F&C) of New Britain, Connecticut (a household appliance manufacturer) purchased Stanley Insulating Company and added the Stanley line to their appliance and hardware lines. 
In 1933, the entire Stanley operation moved from Great Barrington, Massachusetts to L.F&C’s plant in New Britain, Connecticut. During this time, Harry Badger became Chief Product Research and Manufacturing Engineer and in the following years he continued to develop and add more products to the Stanley line. 
In 1949 Harry Badger retired and John Eza became Chief Product Research and manufacturing engineer. From 1949 – 1965 fifteen new products were added and Stanley was now used by airlines, railroads, ocean lines, hospitals and mass feeding institutions. 
In 1953 the Pint Quart and two Quart bottles were modified to utilize common cups, collars, and stoppers. 
On March 30, 1961, there was a tender offer to acquire controlling stock of L F & C by J. B. Williams Company, a leading producer of pharmaceuticals. Within six weeks J. B. Williams had ownership of 80% of some 404,000 outstanding shares. 
But a year later, in 1965, Aladdin acquired the Universal Stanley Division of the J. B. Williams Company, which made the Stanley thermos bottle in Nashville, Tennessee. All of Stanley’s operations were moved to Nashville and by 1966; the first Aladdin Stanley bottles were shipped. 
In 1968 the insulated cup and threaded stopper were designed and manufactured to provide a reduction in manufacturing costs and operating equipment.
In 1976, a shorter two-quart Stanley bottle was introduced. In 1988 the bail handle was replaced by a side handle. In the mid 1980s a side handle also was introduced in the 1 QT bottle. During this time the 24oz wide mouth bottle with an insulated cup was also produced. 
In 2002, Stanley was purchased by Seattle, WA based Pacific Market International (PMI). Stanley's manufacturing facilities were then moved to China.

</doc>
<doc id="20085789" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085789" title="Tadeusz Isakowicz-Zaleski">
Tadeusz Isakowicz-Zaleski

Tadeusz Isakowicz-Zaleski (Armenian: Թադևոս Վարդապետ Իսահակյան-Զալեսկին, in Latin script: "Tadevos Vartapet Isahakian-Zaleski") is a Polish Roman Catholic and Armenian Catholic priest, author and activist. Born in 1956, in Kraków, Isakowicz-Zaleski was an activist of the anticommunist student opposition n Kraków in the late 1970s, became a Solidarity chaplain in Kraków's Nowa Huta district in the 1980s, and later an avid supporter of the lustration of the Polish Church. On 3 May 2006, he was awarded the Commander's Cross of the Order of Polonia Restituta, one of Poland's highest Orders, subsequently in 2007, he was awarded the Order of the Smile and "Polish Ombudsman"s Order of Paweł Włodkowic.
In 1985, he was twice tortured by Poland's communist-era secret police (SB), and some twenty years later in 2006, he started researching the secret police archives kept by Poland's Institute of National Remembrance to discovered that 39 Archdiocese of Kraków priests had collaborated with then regime between 1944 and 1989, this resulted in the much publicized 'Church Spy scandal' in Poland, where till then Polish Church was only known for its role in battling communism and preserving traditional and national values both during the partitions of Poland and in the communist era. Subsequently in 2007, he published his controversial book, "Księża wobec bezpieki na przykładzie archidiecezji krakowskiej" (Polish Priests and the Communist Secret Police) on priests who cooperated with communist secret services. He is subject of a documentary 'Poland's Turbulent Priest', shown on BBC World News in 2009, about his struggle with the communist regime and the Polish church.
Life.
Father Isakowicz-Zaleski was born in Krakow to a Polish father and an Armenian mother. Since high school years he was engaged in several Roman Catholic youth organizations. After graduating, he entered a Seminary in his native city, which did not prevent him from being called for service in the Polish Army. He served in the years 1975-1977 in Brzeg. In the late 1970s, after returning to the seminary, he joined the anticommunist student movements, such as Student Committee of Solidarity. He co-published a Samizdat magazine "Cross of Nowa Huta", also in 1977 he debuted in Tygodnik Powszechny with his poems.
In 1980, Isakowicz-Zaleski became engaged in the Solidarity movement; three years later he was ordained and ordered to continue studies at the Papal Armenian Collegium in Rome. Unfortunately, he was not allowed to leave Communist Poland, because of his underground activities. Isakowicz-Zaleski began working in Krakow’s district of Nowa Huta, where he celebrated holy Mass for the workers and for the fatherland in the Maximilian Kolbe parish in Mistrzejowice. Throughout the 1980s, he was repressed, and the Communist secret service agents twice brutally beat him. Both incidents happened in 1985, and came in the wake of the notorious 1984 murder of fellow Solidarity priest Jerzy Popiełuszko, the first attack occurred in April at his mother home, where after being gagged, the agents burned a V sign - the victory sign of the outlawed Solidarity trade union, which he supported, on his chest with a cigarette, later in December of the year, he was attacked again, this time at his presbytery and Isakowicz-Zaleski’s ordeal was later used by Polish director Maciej Gawlikowski, in his 2006 film "To Intimidate the Priest". 
In 1988, as a priest of the workers, he participated in the strike in Nowa Huta’s Lenin Steel Mill. At the same time, he began helping the poor and the handicapped, together with nuns from local convents. In 1987, he co-founded charitable "Foundation of Brother Albert Chmielowski". Currently, he is director of the Foundation, which owns a shelter in the village of Radwanowice in the suburbs of Krakow.
In 2006, after months of research at Institute of National Remembrance, he drafted a book on the collaboration between Catholic priests and government agents. But Cardinal Stanisław Dziwisz of Kraków denied him the permission to publish it, unless it is vetted in advance by archdiocesan officials. On May 3, 2006, father Zaleski was awarded one of Poland's highest Orders, the Polonia Restituta (Order of Polish Rebirth) by President Lech Kaczyński. In November 2006, he received an apology from the nation's Catholic primate, Cardinal Józef Glemp of Warsaw for earlier criticizing his research into collaboration between the clergy and the Communist-era secret police. 
In Feb 2007, he finally published his controversial book, "Ksieza wobec bezpieki na przykladzie archidiecezji krakowskiej" (Polish Priests and the Communist Secret Police) on priests who cooperated with communist secret services.
Activities.
Armenian Community in Poland.
Reverend Isakowicz-Zaleski is a pastor of Armenian Catholic parish in Gliwice since 1 December 2009. Between 2001 and 2009 he was the national clergyman and national chaplain of the Armenian community of Poland. He popularizes knowledge about the history and culture of Armenia itself, as well as about the rich history of the Armenian minority in Poland. He initiated cooperation between older and newer waves of Armenian immigrants. Father Zaleski, who is related to the Catholic Armenian Rite archbishop of Lviv, Izaak Mikolaj Isakowicz, also promotes the erection of a monument in Krakow to commemorate Armenian Genocide.
Charity and Helping the Disabled.
In 1997, Archbishop Franciszek Macharski named Father Zaleski honorary canon of the Krakow Archdiocese in appreciation for his charity-related activities. However, Zaleski, who is known in Krakow for his charity works resigned from this post in 2006, protesting allegations aimed at him. Together with Janina Ochojska, he was a participant in several humanitarian convoys to such countries as the former Yugoslavia, Albania, Chechnya and Ukraine. In September 2007, Polish Ombudsman awarded him the Order of Pawel Wlodkowic for courage in fighting for basic values and truths, against the opinions of the majority. He was also awarded the Order of the Smile. Since 2007, he has been cooperating with the Gazeta Polska weekly. Isakowicz-Zaleski runs the Brother Albert Foundation.
Massacres of Poles in Volhynia.
Reverend Zaleski, who lost several members of his family in a campaign of ethnic cleansing of Poles in modern Western Ukraine (formerly inside pre-1939 eastern Polish territory), has for years been fighting to commemorate the Polish victims. In 2008 he unsuccessfully appealed to the Government of Poland, stating that it should officially condemn the Volhynian Genocide. He stated that political correctness in Poland makes it impossible to mention these tragic events. In 2008, he wrote a book "Subdued Genocide in Kresy", in which, among others, he describes fate of his family and the village of Korosciatyn near Monasterzyska (area of Ternopil), which was destroyed by Ukrainian nationalists and its inhabitants were murdered. He frequently criticizes not only members of the Polish Government, together with president Kaczynski, but also Roman Catholic hierarchy, such as Primate Jozef Glemp and Cardinal Stanislaw Dziwisz, claiming that they have neglected sufferings of Poles in Western Ukraine and they do not protest when Ukrainian nationalists are awarded orders.
Lustration of Polish Clergy.
In 2005, during the 25th Anniversary Celebrations of Solidarity, Zaleski was tipped off that there was a pre-1989 secret police file on him in Krakow, by then under new Polish law, one could view one's own file, as well as those who informed on you. He sought permission from the IPN (Institute of National Remembrance) to study the documents. Subsequently he found some five hundred pages of material on himself alone, names of fellow priests who had allegedly spied on him, and also a video of himself being gagged and beaten by thugs. He was swiftly able to identity several clergymen who had informed on him. Most crucially, evidence suggested that four figures who had risen to bishop status by 2005 were themselves past informers.
In February 2006, Zaleski came up with the idea of revealing the names of priests from the Archdiocese of Kraków, who had been secret informers of the Communist secret service. As he himself had been victimized by Communist agents, he obtained access to his files, kept by the Institute of National Remembrance, as an injured party. Thus, he appealed publicly for all the priests who had served as secret agents for the Security Service to step forward and reveal themselves causing a furor.
In August of the same year, Zaleski revealed that he had sent letters to priests registered as secret collaborators. His activities were harshly criticized by the Krakow Curia and Zaleski received an order from his superiors to refrain from making public statements about this subject. Cardinal Stanisław Dziwisz stated that Isakowicz-Zaleski had received a permit to conduct research exclusively into the repression that he himself faced under communism. Dziwisz condemned his "irresponsible and harmful" activities in a public letter, warned him to stop "throwing accusations", and finally ordered him to be silent
Nevertheless Zaleski did not give up saying that the church "must repent for the misdeeds of compromised priests". However, he admitted in an interview given to the Wprost Weekly, that in the fall of 2006 he was in a personal crisis and considered resigning from the priesthood. He checked files of secret police and discovered that 39 Krakow priests had collaborated with the regime. Four of them are now bishops. "The whole tragedy is that the church had 16 years to take care of the problem, and it didn't do a thing" - stated Zaleski, adding that the Church "didn’t want to hurt the pope, but actually, more harm was done by keeping silent".
On February 28, 2007, Znak publishing house issued Zaleski’s book "Ksieza wobec bezpieki na przykladzie diecezji krakowskiej" ("Polish Priests and the Communist Secret Police", ISBN 978-83-240-0803-2), in which he addresses the topic of the extent to which Poland’s Roman Catholic Church was infiltrated by communist security. In November of the same year, Zaleski was awarded the Prize of Jozef Mackiewicz. The book sparked huge public attention, with people signing up at bookstores to make sure they would get a copy. Zaleski himself decided to give up the royalties for charity.

</doc>
<doc id="20085821" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085821" title="Stadionul Electromagnetica">
Stadionul Electromagnetica

Electromagnetica Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Bucharest, Romania. It is the home ground of Rapid II Bucureşti. It holds 5,000 people.

</doc>
<doc id="20085838" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085838" title="Shane Byrne">
Shane Byrne

Shane Byrne is the name of:

</doc>
<doc id="20085847" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085847" title="Stadionul Florea Dumitrache">
Stadionul Florea Dumitrache

Florea Dumitrache Stadium is a multi-use stadium in Bucharest, Romania. It is the home ground of Dinamo II Bucureşti. It holds 1,500 people. It is named after Dinamo Bucureşti and Romania legend, Florea Dumitrache. This was also the home ground of Victoria Bucureşti, then being named "Victoria Stadium".

</doc>
<doc id="20085856" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085856" title="Finnish Association of Graduate Engineers">
Finnish Association of Graduate Engineers

Finnish Association of Graduate Engineers TEK (, ) is a Finnish trade union of university-educated engineers, architects and scientists. In addition, the TEK is a learned society and the professional body of the engineering profession, and a member of the Finnish Federation of Learned Societies. The union requires that its full members have a master's degree or equivalent in engineering, architecture, mathematics, physics or in other sciences related to technology.
History.
The TEK was founded in 1896 as the association of Finnish-speaking engineering professionals ("Suomenkielisten teknikkojen seura"). In early years, it was mainly a learned society, which aimed to promote the use of Finnish language in the engineering profession dominated by the Swedish language. During the First World War, the activities of the association widened into wider sphere of Engineering and Economics. In 1936, the association differentiated itself from the engineers and technicians who had graduated from polytechnics, and started to require a master's degree in engineering () of its members. This was signalled also in the name "Suomen teknillinen seura" (Finnish technological society), which excluded technicians.
The Second World War brought about inflation which severely affected the middle classes earning fixed salaries. Little by little, the association increased its activities as the lobbying body of the engineering profession, starting to offer continuing education and pursuing studies on the social and economic standing of its membership. In 1972, the Finnish-speaking STS and its Swedish-speaking counterpart "Tekniska föreningen i Finland" (TFiF) formed a common trade union KAL, which started to negotiate collectively with the employers as a full-scale trade union. In 1978, the KAL started to insure its members against unemployment and in 1984, the Finnish Association of Mathematicians and Physicists (SMFL) gave the KAL a mandate to negotiate on its behalf.
The present structure of the association was formed in 1993, as the KAL and the STS, which had been in close cooperation for two decades, converged into the TEK. At the same time, the Swedish-speaking TFiF and the SMFL remained separate, although all members of the SMFL are automatically also members of the TEK.
Activities.
The TEK has delegated its right to negotiate collectively to two organizations. In the public sector, the JUKO (Educated employees of the public sector) negotiates collectively with the state and municipal governments for all university-level employees. In the private sector, the YTN (Negotiating organization of the upper-level salaried employees) is the body responsible for the collective agreements of university-educated staff. Although rather moderate in its bargaining, the YTN went to strike in 2007 when the collective negotiations in the industrial design bureau branch broke up. The strike included some 6,000 engineers and scientists and lasted 11 days, resulting in a slightly better collective agreement than had been offered earlier by the employers.
As the learned society of engineering profession, the TEK engages in public discussion on the technology, engineering education and research. This contribution is supported by the studies conducted by its staff. In particular, the TEK supports active state participation in and financing of the R & D activities. Perhaps the most visible single activity of the TEK is the annual Finnish Engineering Award () which is awarded to an outstanding achievement of original engineering or architectural work. As the main body of the engineering profession of Finland, the TEK has since 1966 published the Engineer's rule of honour, the ethical guidelines of engineering profession. The latest edition of the rule is from 1996.
For its members, the TEK offers the usual services provided by Finnish trade union. The tax-deductible membership fee of 296 euros (2008) includes the unemployment insurance and an insurance against liabilities incurred at professional practice. All members receive two weekly magazines of general engineering nature and a semi-monthly magazine specializing in labour questions of graduate engineers. In addition, the members are entitled to legal advice and legal defence in working-oriented cases, and may use the career services provided by the TEK.
Politically, the moderate right-wing National Coalition Party, is the largest single group represented in the general assembly () of the TEK with 22 seats. The other major factions in the general assembly are non-partisan and represent 43 seats, leaving the remaining 9 seats to other political groups.

</doc>
<doc id="20085885" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085885" title="Barack Obama election victory speech, 2008">
Barack Obama election victory speech, 2008

Following his victory in the United States presidential election, 2008, President-elect Barack Obama gave his victory speech at Grant Park in his home city of Chicago, Illinois, on November 4, 2008, before an estimated crowd of 240,000. Viewed on television and the Internet by millions of people around the globe, Obama's speech focused on the major issues facing the United States and the world, all echoed through his campaign slogan of change. He also mentioned his grandmother, who had died two nights earlier.
References in the speech.
The speech heavily referenced the inaugural addresses of former Presidents John F. Kennedy and Abraham Lincoln, and also referred to speeches of Martin Luther King, Jr.
Echoing Martin Luther King's "I've Been to the Mountaintop" address, he declared, "But tonight, because of what we did on this day, in this election, at this defining moment, change has come to America" and "The road ahead will be long, our climb will be steep. We may not get there in one year, or even in one term — but America, I have never been more hopeful than I am tonight that we will get there." At another point in the speech he again referenced King when referring to the "arc of history", a phrase King used regularly, most notably after the Selma to Montgomery marches saying "the arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends toward justice".
Obama directly quoted Abraham Lincoln's first inaugural address, by saying "As Lincoln said to a nation far more divided than ours, we are not enemies but friends. Though passion may have strained, it must not break our bonds of affection."
Obama also referred to Abraham Lincoln's Gettysburg Address by saying "...that more than two centuries later a government of the people, by the people, and for the people has not perished from the Earth"
Obama proclaimed, "It's been a long time coming, but...change has come to America," an allusion to the Sam Cooke song "A Change Is Gonna Come."
Obama also made a reference to a prospective presidential pet for his daughters.
Sasha and Malia … I love you both more than you can imagine. And you have earned the new puppy that's coming with us … to the White House.
Issues.
Obama spoke of the core issues facing the United States at the time, among them the economy, the Iraq War and the onset of global warming.
Even as we stand here tonight, we know there are brave Americans waking up in the deserts of Iraq and the mountains of Afghanistan to risk their lives for us.
There are mothers and fathers who will lie awake after the children fall asleep and wonder how they'll make the mortgage or pay their doctors' bills or save enough for their child's college education. 
On the economic crisis:
Let us remember that, if this financial crisis taught us anything, it's that we cannot have a thriving Wall Street while Main Street suffers. 
A message to America's enemies and friends:
To those — to those who would tear the world down: We will defeat you. To those who seek peace and security: We support you. And to all those who have wondered if America's beacon still burns as bright: Tonight we proved once more that the true strength of our nation comes not from the might of our arms or the scale of our wealth, but from the enduring power of our ideals: democracy, liberty, opportunity and unyielding hope. 
The Coming Energy Crisis:
"There's new energy to harness, new jobs to be created, new schools to build, and threats to meet, alliances to repair." 
To Our Future As Americans:
"This is our time, to put our people back to work and open doors of opportunity for our kids; to restore prosperity and promote the cause of peace; to reclaim the American dream and reaffirm that fundamental truth, that, out of many, we are one; that while we breathe, we hope. And where we are met with cynicism and doubts and those who tell us that we can't, we will respond with that timeless creed that sums up the spirit of a people: Yes, we can." 
Significance.
In his speech, Obama reflected on the hard times of the campaign and the "challenges that America would face ahead." TV coverage of the speech showed Jesse Jackson and Oprah Winfrey weeping in the crowd. Obama's speech also marked the first time a President-elect referred positively to gay Americans in an acceptance speech. Sam Perry experienced a brief moment of fame when Oprah Winfrey leaned on him while crying on his shoulder.
Grant Park was the location of many protests of the 1968 Democratic National Convention, which were significant for ending in violence, riots and police brutality. CNN declared, "History gave Grant Park another chance Tuesday as the scene of a peaceful and jubilant celebration of Barack Obama's presidential victory." Obama's speech has been praised as having "...the rare ability to cultivate the things that are common to all human beings, regardless of artificial and arbitrary distinctions."
Ann Nixon Cooper.
One of the primary references within Obama's speech was to Ann Nixon Cooper, a 106-year-old resident of Atlanta, Georgia.
Obama also made reference to his popular campaign chant, "Yes We Can":
Security.
Due to the high security threat involved, Obama delivered the speech protected by two pieces of bulletproof glass ( thick, high, long) to each side of the lectern to deflect any shots from the skyscrapers overlooking Grant Park. There was no glass shield in front of the lectern. A no-fly zone was also imposed over the area, with only police helicopters allowed in the air. The gathering involved the deployment of thousands of police, Army and Secret Service personnel. The event cost the Obama campaign an estimated $2 million.
Even with the large threat at hand, no arrests were made related to the event.
Music.
Prior to Obama's emergence onto the stage, "Signed, Sealed, Delivered I'm Yours" by Stevie Wonder, "Only in America" by Brooks & Dunn, and "(Your Love Keeps Lifting Me) Higher and Higher" by Jackie Wilson were played. When Obama, Joe Biden, and their families appeared onstage following the speech, music from the films "Remember the Titans", composed by Trevor Rabin, and "The Patriot", composed by John Williams, was played. "The Rising" by Bruce Springsteen was also played following the speech (Springsteen had endorsed Obama).

</doc>
<doc id="20085905" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085905" title="Klarenbeek railway station">
Klarenbeek railway station

Klarenbeek is a railway station, located in Klarenbeek, The Netherlands. The station opened on 1 June 1882 and is on the Amsterdam–Zutphen railway ("Oosterspoorweg"). The station is actually 2 km north-east of Klarenbeek. The station was originally only built because the line between Apeldoorn and Zutphen was single track, a passing point was needed, this was here. Until December 2006, the station had just 1 platform and one train each way per hour stopped at the station, allowing the other to pass. In December 2006, when 2 more new stations were built on the line, the station received 2 platforms. The train services are operated by Arriva.
Tourism.
The station is the beginning point for many walks in the area, many people start their journey at the station to see the famous country-side. The Dutch Railways offers many walks in this area via their magazine which is sent to all their costumers around The Netherlands.
Train service.
The following services call at Klarenbeek:

</doc>
<doc id="20085914" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085914" title="Janusz Jojko">
Janusz Jojko

Club career.
Jojko began his professional career with Ruch Chorzów, and played in 117 league matches over eight seasons. During the 1986–87 season, he scored an infamous and bizarre own goal in a playout match against Lechia Gdańsk, and never played for the club again.
In 1988, Jojko moved to GKS Katowice where he spent the next ten seasons and amassed 276 league appearances. Following the 1996–97 season, he moved to KSZO where he appeared in another 24 Ekstraklasa league matches before his retirement.
International career.
Jojko made two appearances for the Poland national football team, his debut coming in a friendly match against Finland in 1987.

</doc>
<doc id="20085919" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085919" title="Newport Public Library">
Newport Public Library

"For the public library in the city of Newport, South Wales see Newport Central Library"
The Newport Public Library, established in 1869 as “The People’s Library of Newport,” is dedicated to serving the people of Newport and the surrounding communities by “providing opportunities that support lifelong learning, encourage inspiration, imagination and enjoyment and connect people to each other and to the rest of the world.”
Located in historic Newport, Rhode Island, the public library is housed in a spacious, brightly lit building that sits at the bottom of Aquidneck Park, just north of Newport Harbor. The public library offers the community a collection of materials and services, for adults, children, and teens that are both current and classic.
Library services include:

</doc>
<doc id="20085921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085921" title="Kari Aartoma">
Kari Aartoma

Kari Aartoma (born 1958) is a Finnish poet, writer, translator and columnist. He currently lives in Turku, Finland.
He is a member of the poetry group "Hellät elätit".

</doc>
<doc id="20085936" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085936" title="John Moffet (swimmer)">
John Moffet (swimmer)

John Clifford Moffet (born July 27, 1964) is an American former competition swimmer who competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California. At the 1984 Olympics, he finished fifth in the final of the men's 100-meter breaststroke event. He had his best year in 1985, winning three gold medals at both the Pan Pacific Swimming Championships and the Summer Universiade.
Moffet is a three-time Primetime Emmy Award winner for "The Amazing Race".
External links.
<br>
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="20085952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085952" title="Aartoma">
Aartoma

Aartoma or Aartomaa is a Finnish surname. Notable people with the surname include:

</doc>
<doc id="20085957" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20085957" title="Privatization in Israel">
Privatization in Israel

The privatization in Israel refers to the transferring or selling of a service or property owned by the Israeli government or any public organization to private ownership. The meaning of the privatization is reducing the share and level of intervening which is directly connected with the Israeli government in the Israeli economy, increasing the portion and the economic activity of a private group, on the control and ownership of the assets. The opposite process is nationalization.
Privatization processes.
The privatization processes in Israel intensified in 1986 following the intensified privatization in Britain in the 1980s. So far around 90 government companies and subsidiaries have been privatized in Israel, which produced for the country, between the years 1991 and 2003 – a revenue amount of 8,749 million U.S. dollars.
The privatization processes in Israel belong mainly to the following types:
Many refer to the structural change which has happened in many of the kibbutzim in Israel "privatization of the kibbutzim", although this process does not in relate to privatization processes. The kibbutz is a private voluntary association and not a public association, and the changes which occur in it are not considered Privatization as it is described in this article.
Public sector.
The origin of the companies, like the rest of the components of the public sector in Israel, started in the period of the Yishuv, which evolved in parallel with the state. The structure of the Israeli public sector was designed during the pre-state period, a period in which the national institutions were established, which were designed in a large extent continued to operate and become a major part even after the establishment of the state. Through the years, reciprocal ties and cooperation was formed between the public sector and the private sector. These patterns were manifested with the establishment of joint businesses, along with various cases of transition from the private sector to the public sector and from the public sector to the private sector. The various parts of the public sectors recognized the economic importance of their activities, and it is difficult to distinguish between the political motives and considerations and economic considerations. The two were, and would continue to be interwoven with each other.
Components of the public sector in Israel.
After the state of Israel was founded and the cabinet was established, many dominant institutions which were formed beforehand were transferred to its possession as an “inheritance”. The Israeli government like many other governments acts and intervenes in the economy of the state in order to realize major aims such as: ensuring competition, providing public goods, ensuring the existence of information and preventing restrictions on the ability of the public to choose, ensuring the stability, growth and aid in low point periods and in times of crises.
The public sector in Israel contains in it many non-governmental organizations, and the entirety of the organizations is not only a source of budgetary revenue, but also a source of expenditures. The flow of finance from various sources expands the boundaries of the public sector and adds an important dimension to the Israeli political economy.
The activities of the public sector are measured to a large extent by the public consumption. A reduction or increase in the consumption reflects the involvement extent of the state in the Israeli economy.
The extent of involvement might derive from the security expenditures made by the state and the expenditures made on immigrant absorption.
Implications of privatization.
The privatization in Israel consists of ideological problems. The ruling between neo-liberal perceptions or social democratic welfare state perceptions, which are both opposite economic and social perceptions.
Arguments in favor of privatization:
The supporters of privatization in Israel claim that reducing the state's involvement increases the involvement of individuals. Thus, promoting competition, encouraging investment, having a strong economy and reducing the state expenses - which would lead to cheaper services.
Arguments against privatization:
The opponents of privatization in Israel argue that companies would also be able to be effective under government ownership. Privatization affects employees and leads to the dischargment of employs, leads the workers to choose to get early pension and salary cutbacks. The Israeli economy is gradually becoming controlled by a small number of rich families. The privatization of public services affects the public and especially the poor population, which are the main consumers. One of the main goals of the state is to take care of its citizens, people’s security, people’s education, to the profitability and to the preservation of the social community. A state which disclaims those responsibilities violates its own principles.
The method which has become customary in Israel in the last decades is selling the control of the public assets into the hands of capital owners, while other countries rather choose to issue the company shares to the public and company employees.
Examples.
A partial list of the Israeli companies which have been completely or partially been privatized:
Agriculture:
Construction and infrastructure:
Transportation and aviation services:
Finance, banking and funding:
Natural resources:
Technology, Industry and telecommunication:
Governmental Authorities:
General:

</doc>
<doc id="20086008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086008" title="HM Prison Garth">
HM Prison Garth

HM Prison Garth is a Category B men's prison, located in the village of Ulnes Walton (near Leyland), in Lancashire, England. Garth is operated by Her Majesty's Prison Service, and is situated next to HMP Wymott.
History.
Garth Prison was opened in October 1988, and a new residential unit (housing 120 prisoners) opened on 2 July 1997.
In 1998, inmates put out a contract on a police dog called Scooby because of its track record in locating illegal drugs at the jail, requiring home security measures and, once, armed police.
In January 2004, one of Garth's prison chaplains resigned over allegations that she had an affair with a prisoner who worked as a cleaner in the prison chapel. In September 2006 a prison officer from Garth was jailed after it emerged that she had smuggled pills and a mobile phone to an inmate she was having an affair with at the prison.
In August 2007, a report by Her Majesty's Chief Inspector of Prisons praised Garth stating that it was "an essentially safe, respectful prison, with an increased focus on resettlement." However the report also criticised the prison for its race relations and overcrowded accommodation. Further accommodation of 180 places was built at Garth Prison in late 2007 and is notable for being the first prison building to incorporate Interseasonal Heat Transfer.
The prison today.
Garth Prison accepts category B prisoners who are serving sentences of four years or more. Garth does not accept vulnerable prisoners. 
Garth provides a range of training, learning and employment opportunities. Programmes on offer include woodwork, motor mechanics, industrial cleaning and light engineering. The prison also offers NVQs in horticulture and textiles, as well as electrical, mechanical and community workshops. A number of basic skills courses are also offered including literacy, numeracy and ESOL. The prison's gym also offers physical education including a YMCA Gym Instructor qualification, as well as recreational gym.

</doc>
<doc id="20086025" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086025" title="John A. Mackay">
John A. Mackay

John A. Mackay (May 17, 1889 – June 9, 1983) was a Presbyterian theologian, missionary, and educator. He was a strong advocate of the Ecumenical Movement and World Christianity.
Early life and education.
John A. Mackay was born on May 17, 1889 in Inverness, Scotland, the eldest of five children. The family attended the Free Presbyterian Church, a very small denomination. At the age of 14 at a communion service at Rogart, Scotland, Mackay had a profound religious experience that influenced the remainder of his life.
As a youth he attended the Inverness Royal Academy where he was a good student, winning several academic prizes upon graduation in 1907. Mackay then studied philosophy and logic at the University of Aberdeen, leaving for a time to pursue theological studies for the Free Presbyterian Church ministry. He returned to Aberdeen to complete his honors degree which he received in 1913. That same year Mackay crossed the Atlantic and enrolled at Princeton Theological Seminary. When he was graduated in 1915, he won a fellowship in didactic and polemic theology, which he used toward studies in Spanish culture at Madrid, Spain, to prepare for missionary work in Latin America.
Mission Field.
In 1916 Mackay and Jane Logan Wells, who had been recently married, sailed to Peru where they founded a school, Colegio Anglo Peruano, in Lima, Peru, under the auspices of the Free Church of Scotland. The school was a center for progressive ideas during a period when social and educational reforms were sweeping through Latin America. Haya de la Torre, a political leader in Latin America, taught at the school. The mission also started a mission station at Cajamarca in the northern Peru.
From his position as school master, Mackay entered intellectual circles and became a member of a literary group that included Victor Andres Belaunde, Professor of Philosophy at San Marcos University. Francisco Garcia Calderon Rey and his brother, Ventura, were the group’s European correspondents. Five members were corresponding members of the Spanish Academy. In 1925 Mackay was appointed to the Chair of Modern Philosophy at San Marcos and also accepted the chair in Metaphysics.
In 1926 the Colegio was sufficiently rooted to survive without his leadership. Mackay joined the Y.M.C.A. as an evangelist and religious teacher moving his family to Montevideo, Uruguay, where the Y.M.C.A. operated a leadership institute. During the next seven and one-half years, he traveled widely through Chile, Brazil, and Argentina as an evangelistic speaker. He attended the Jerusalem Conference of 1928 and traveled extensively in Europe during his furlough in 1930. From April to July 1930 Mackay and his family lived in Bonn, Germany where he attended the lectures of Karl Barth and began a friendship with him. Under the auspices of the Y.M.C.A. Mackay made many significant addresses in Mexico during the revolutionary period of religious persecution, including an address to over 2,000 men and women in the largest theatre in the town of Chihuahua. Over the years he was invited to speak at 35 Latin American universities.
North American educator.
In 1936, Mackay reluctantly left the foreign mission field to become the third President of Princeton Theological Seminary which had recently been weakened by the secession of several professors, including his own former teacher, J. Gresham Machen. For the next 24 years as both President and Professor of Ecumenics, Mackay worked on many fronts to revive the institution’s health, inspiring it to evangelical dynamism and leaving it on a sound footing, with expanded faculty, student body, and campus plant. In 1944, Mackay founded the journal Theology Today to provide insights "into the life of man in the light of God". The editorial board included Robert Elliott Speer, Richard Niebuhr, and J. Harvey Cotton. By 1952 Theology Today was the most widely distributed religious quarterly in the world. After retirement from the Seminary, he served from 1961–1964 as Adjunct Professor of Hispanic Thought at American University, Washington, D.C.
Church leader.
An eloquent and charismatic platform speaker and preacher, Mackay was often called upon to present keynote addresses at conferences, assemblies, and gatherings. As the holder of leadership roles in church organizations, his constituency included tens of millions of Christians. Five leadership roles were particularly significant, the Presidency of the Presbyterian Board of Foreign Missions from 1944–1951, after which he continued serving as a member of the Mission Board; membership on the Provisional Committee of the World Council of Churches in 1946 and from 1948 membership on the Central Committee of the World Council of Churches; the Chairmanship of the International Missionary Council from January 1, 1948 to 1958; membership on the Executive Committee of the World Alliance of Reformed Churches and from 1954 the Presidency of its Executive Committee; and Moderator of the 165th General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church, USA, 1953–1954.
These leadership roles gave Mackay platforms that enhanced his spiritual influence and authority. In addition to writing the influential "Letter to Presbyterians", which fortified resistance to McCarthyism in the United States, Mackay was also the primary draftsman of a number of other church statements and messages on behalf of various ecclesiastical councils and conferences.
Although known primarily for his mission work in Latin America, Mackay worked to advance World Christianity through travels and at conferences in Asia, Europe, and Africa. These included the Eastern Asia Christian Conference in Bangkok in 1949, the Asia Study Conference in Lucknow, India in 1952, the All Africa Church Conference, Ibadan, Nigeria, 1958, and the Joseph Cook Lectureship which took him around the world during, 1960–1961.
Thus, as a fellow Presbyterian leader correctly concluded, Mackay exerted influential leadership in three broad areas: Missions, the Ecumenical Movement, and social and political thought and action.
Missionary and ecumenical ideas.
Mackay strongly emphasized sensitivity to and experience of the reality of God in Christ and authentic conscious experience of life in Christian community. Frequently asked to preach, his sermons called for response on the part of his hearers. Mackay wrote devotional literature in English and Spanish. He believed in a personal and incarnational approach to foreign missions by which the missionary would become a member of the community and earn the right to be heard through particular service that met specific needs within the receiving culture. These might include the demonstration of authentic Christianity in action through educational, medical, or agricultural service. This gift of service offered a platform through which the missionary could effectively proclaim the faith that he held.
At the Oxford Conference on Church and State in 1937, Mackay coined the phrase that became the byword of the conference, “Let the Church be the Church.” He yearned for the Church “to become in its historical existence the dynamic instrument of God’s will, which it actually was in its eternal essence,” He influenced historical development within the ecumenical movement by his strong advocacy, as at the Central Committee meeting of the World Council of Churches at Rolle in August, 1951. For him “the church is the fellowship of those for whom Jesus Christ is Lord.” He believed the Church was truly the Church when it was a missionary Church, and he worked to bring into balance the Church universal, the Una Sancta, with confessional movements within various faith traditions. Mackay advocated visible unity of the Church. His high Christology also stressed a unity of spirit with a diversity of treasures from the various Christian traditions. In this way Mackay helped to lay the foundation for spiritual ecumenism among fellow Christians across denominational lines. Travelling in Chile in 1965 Mackay agreed with Fr. Juan Ochagaria, dean of the Catholic University of Chile’s faculty of theology, that the task of both Catholics and Presbyterians is to “make Christians.”
In 1964 in Lima, Mackay was presented with the Palmas Magisteriales, a civic honor and the highest government award for educational services to Peru.
In his final years Mackay moved to a Presbyterian retirement community in Hightstown, New Jersey, and died early on June 9, 1983. Coincidentally, the General Assembly of his denomination voted to join the Southern Presbyterian Church later that same morning. It would have pleased Mackay because he had worked for many years for the reunion of the Northern and Southern Presbyterian Churches.
Each of the Mackays' three daughters married Presbyterian clergyman, and their son, Duncan Alexander Duff Mackay, named for the Scottish Free Church missionary to India, Alexander Duff (missionary), was an active layman and elder, while working for the U.S. Foreign Service and later the Inter-American Development Bank.

</doc>
<doc id="20086047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086047" title="12 String Guitar! Vol. 2">
12 String Guitar! Vol. 2

12 String Guitar! Vol. 2 is the second album by The Folkswingers, released in 1963, featuring Glen Campbell playing a 12 string guitar.

</doc>
<doc id="20086050" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086050" title="Ulla Aartomaa">
Ulla Aartomaa

Ulla Aartomaa (born 1949 in Kuopio) is a Finnish art and design writer and museum curator.
Ulla received her Masters Degree in History of Art from Jyväskylä University in 1977, later studying at the Alvar Aalto Museum, the Museum of Central Finland and the Kuopio Museum of Cultural History. Later Ulla was a curator at Lahti Art Museum and taught at the important universities and colleges in Lahti and at Helsinki University. 
Numerous books and magazines related to art and design in Finland have been published by Ulla and she has also lectured across Europe in cities such as Amsterdam, as well as in Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="20086058" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086058" title="William Blassingame">
William Blassingame

William Blassingame (born January 13, 1836 in Greenville, South Carolina) was a politician serving in the Texas legislature and as a delegate to the Texas Constitutional Convention of 1875. He was born to William Blassingame and Mary Earl Prince.
He was elected as a senator to the Sixteenth Texas Legislature in 1879 and previously had served as a delegate to the Constitutional Convention of 1875 as well as being a signer of the resulting constitution.
He is buried in the Blassingame family cemetery in Sandusky, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="20086074" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086074" title="Dan Tipple">
Dan Tipple

Daniel E. (Rusty) Tipple (February 13, 1890 to March 26, 1960), was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played in with the New York Yankees. He batted and threw right-handed. Tipple had a 1-1 record, with a 0.95 ERA, in three games in his one-year career. He was born in Rockford, Illinois and died in Omaha, Nebraska.

</doc>
<doc id="20086082" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086082" title="NEXT Model Management">
NEXT Model Management

NEXT Management is a global modeling agency with offices in New York City, London, Los Angeles, Miami, Milan, Paris, Toronto, Montreal, and Vancouver. Founded in 1989 by Faith Kates, the agency is listed on models.com as one of the top three modeling agencies in the world.
NEXT represents such notable models as Anja Rubik, Malgosia Bela, Abbey Lee Kershaw, Suvi Koponen, Ana Beatriz Barros, and Arizona Muse.
Next also has a "Special Bookings" division which manages the fashion projects for celebrities like Kelis, Jessie J, Alice Dellal, Les Twins, Bonnie Wright and Lana Del Rey.
Contracts with "America's Next Top Model".
NEXT Model Management has made contracts with the TV show "America's Next Top Model". For the twentieth cycle, the winner is going to get a modeling contract with NEXT. This is the first time ANTM made contracts with NEXT.
Fashion models.
The following models are represented or have been represented by NEXT:

</doc>
<doc id="20086098" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086098" title="Santy Asanuma">
Santy Asanuma

Santy S. Asanuma (born December 11, 1961) is a member of the Senate of Palau. Asanuma was born to Asanuma Asao, a businessman of Japanese-Palauan heritage, and his wife Sechedui, a member of Palau's Advisory Council.

</doc>
<doc id="20086108" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086108" title="Vincent Stuart Ltd.">
Vincent Stuart Ltd.

Vincent Stuart Ltd. was a British publishing company that specialized in mystical and metaphysical books.

</doc>
<doc id="20086114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086114" title="Eric Wunderlich">
Eric Wunderlich

Eric Allen Wunderlich (born May 22, 1970) is a retired breaststroke swimmer from the United States, who competed for his native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia. He won two gold medals at the FINA World Aquatics Championships in the men's 4x100m medley relay event (1991 and 1994).

</doc>
<doc id="20086118" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086118" title="The Bewdley School and Sixth Form Centre">
The Bewdley School and Sixth Form Centre

The Bewdley School and Sixth Form Centre is a comprehensive school in Bewdley, serving north-west Worcestershire, England. Its campus is very close to the River Severn. In late 2009, The Bewdley School was awarded Specialist Art College status. The Bewdley School is one of the highest performing schools in Country, and was recognised by the Education Minister in March 2013 for its "outstanding consistent improvement". The Bewdley School is currently in the top 20% of all schools nationally.
History.
The Bewdley School and Sixth Form Centre has its origins in the Bewdley County Secondary School which opened in April 1955. In 1972 the area adopted a three-tier system, and the school became Bewdley High School. When the area returned to a two-tier system in 2007, the High School was amalgamated with the two local middle schools to form the Bewdley School and Sixth Form Centre, with Mrs Reilly as the new headteacher.
Present day.
The Bewdley School is a part of ContinU, a trust set up to offer a wider range of courses across a number of schools.
Bewdley school works with:
In September 2009, The Bewdley School gained Specialist Art college status. This specialism was later awarded the Arts Mark Gold Award for excellent practice amongst the department.
Results and Ofsted.
In August 2012, The Bewdley School and Sixth Form Centre achieved 81% of students gaining 5+ A* to C Grades, with 73% including English and Maths. 27% achieved the new English baccalaureate qualification. These results placed the school in the top 8 in the county. 
In January 2012, The Bewdley School was inspected by OFSTED which graded the school "Good" in every category. The report included "Teaching is good with some outstanding practice".
In September 2010, The Bewdley School received an OFSTED inspection report for PHSE as part of the new Ofsted system. Every section of the report that required a grade was judged as being "Good" (Grade 2, with 1 being Outstanding, 3 satisfactory and 4 inadequate). The report included "Students are friendly, polite and well behaved. They are confident, able to work independently and show respect for the views of others. They feel safe and secure and are able to develop skills of reflection. Many have positive attitudes to PSHE education and enjoy their learning.". The overall quality of PHSE education, leadership and management of PHSE education, achievement in PHSE education, and PHSE in the curriculum was all judged as being "Good, if not better".
Nest of Love School - Haiti.
The Bewdley School is currently working in partnership with Bewdley Baptist Church to raise money and awareness for a school on the outskirts of haiti which caters for roughly 280 children. The Bewdley School independently raised more than £4000 which will be used directly to help the nest of love school build new buildings and provide their students with a better education. The leader of the Haitian school wrote a letter to Bewdley Baptist church and The Bewdley School which Included "The children are still trying to understand why a school in a far far away country would help them beyond their wildest dreams, of which they can only dream of visiting. We hope here in Haiti that your school & church is to be used as a National example, as all your kindness has changed lives". The Bewdley School has received a lot of positive publicity for this act.
School involvement and buildings.
The Bewdley School is made up of five teaching blocks. The newest block (E) was constructed by Yorkon, and cost around £3.5 to build. In 2010, The Bewdley School raised £4,000 for Haitian refugees. The School received a notable amount of publicity for this act. Student from Bewdley School took part in the 2010 STeM Challenge and submitted 2 teams, both of which made it through to the national finals.
In 2010, The Bewdley School received their biggest year seven intake since the opening of the school. The Bewdley School only has four main feeder primary schools: Bewdley Primary School, St. Anne's C of E Primary School, Upper Arley Primary School, and Far Forest CE Primary School. Despite this, 46 of the new year seven students came from 27 different primary schools out of the catchment area.

</doc>
<doc id="20086119" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086119" title="Infinity (Guru Josh song)">
Infinity (Guru Josh song)

"Infinity", also known as "Infinity (1990's... Time for the Guru)", is a 1989 song recorded by British acid house musician Guru Josh from his album of the same name. The song was re-released in 2008 in a remixed version named "Infinity 2008" and enjoyed renewed success in many countries.
1989 release.
The song was first released in 1989 from the album of the same name. It achieved success in many European countries, such as Germany, UK and Austria in 1989, peaking at #5 in the UK chart in March 1990, and has been featured on numerous compilations from 1990 to the present day.
Infinity 2008.
In 2007, the 'Guru Josh Project' was formed - participants: Guru Josh, Snakebyte and the man that inspired the deal, Darren Bailie. The 'Guru Josh Project's' re-release of "Infinity" became another hit in 2008 and 2009 as a remixed version by DJ Klaas, under the title "Infinity 2008". This release enjoyed added success, reaching number one in France, Belgium, Denmark and on the Eurochart Hot 100, and number two on the German dance chart. It peaked at number 3 in the UK Singles Chart. The song was written by Paul Walden and produced by Klaas Gerling & Jerome Isma-Ae. It was published by EMI Music Publishing Ltd.
Infinity 2008 was an adaptation of Infinity written by Guru Josh licensed to BCB record label as published by EMI UK. 
The record companies at first made a decision not to release it outside of Europe, in countries such as Australia and the United States of America, preventing it from achieving the prior success that it enjoyed outside of Europe. However, in April 2009, the track was picked up by Ultra Records in the United States and debuted on the "Billboard" Hot Dance Airplay chart at number 20 in its 2 May 2009 issue. As of the 23 May (2009) issue it reached the number one spot, dethroning Lady Gaga's "Poker Face", which spent a record setting 15-week run in that position.
In France, the song was included on the famous double compilation "NRJ Music Awards 2009". The video features German playmate Janina Wissler (Playboy's Girl of September 2005) and Josh.
Infinity 2012.
The song was re-released in 2012 in a remix by Swiss producers Antoine Konrad and Fabio Antoniali under the stage name DJ Antoine vs. Mad Mark. It was released digitally in Austria, Germany, and Switzerland on May 14, 2012.
In June 2012, Unilever selected "Infinity 2012" as the soundtrack to the advertisement for the Magnum Infinity ice cream. 
Credits and personnel.
Credits adapted from "Infinity 2012" CD single liner notes.

</doc>
<doc id="20086120" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086120" title="Hamburger (album)">
Hamburger (album)

Hamburger is a compilation album by pop punk band, The Muffs released in 2000 by Sympathy for the Record Industry (SFTRI). It is a collection of singles, compilation appearances, outtakes, demos and covers spanning the band's entire career up to the time of its release.
The first three tracks make up some of The Muffs earliest material, recorded on a 4-track in 1991. "New Love" and "I Don't Like You" come from the band's first release, the "New Love" single, issued on Sympathy for the Record Industry. "Guilty" and "Right In The Eye" come from their second singe released by Au Go Go Records. In 1992, The Muffs released "I Need You" b/w "Beat Your Heart Out" on the Sub Pop label. Courtney Love makes an appearance on the track "Love", rambling about a stolen dress.
The second appearance of "Right In The Eye" is an outtake from the 1993 self-titled first album sessions. The demo of "Everywhere I Go" presented here, was used for the cassette version of the album only. Several demos are also included from the sessions for 1995s "Blonder and Blonder". "When I Was Down", "Sick Of You", "Become Undone", and "Goodnight Now" never made it to the album, but "I'm Confused" would be re-recorded for release. "Kids In America" originally appeared on the "Clueless Motion Picture Soundtrack". "I'm A Dick" was released as a single on SFTRI in 1996, prior to the release of "Happy Birthday To Me", where a new version would appear in 1997. "My Crazy Afternoon" would also be re-recorded for the album. C.C. DeVille makes a guest appearance on "Silly People" which would later be re-recorded for "Alert Today, Alive Tomorrow". "Do The Robot" features lead vocals by original drummer Criss Crass.

</doc>
<doc id="20086124" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086124" title="Bill Tamplin">
Bill Tamplin

William Ewart 'Bill' Tamplin (10 May 1917 - 20 October 1989) was a Welsh international rugby union lock who played club rugby for Cardiff. He won seven caps for Wales and captained his country in their victory over the 1947 touring Australian team.
Two of his brothers, Tom and Ewart, also played first class rugby but they never represented their country.
Rugby career.
Tamplin first played club rugby for smaller second class clubs before joining Pontypool and then in 1939, Newport. Rugby was suspended for the duration of World War II and after the end of hostilities Tamplin joined Cardiff. Tamplin was selected to represent his country late in his rugby career when he was chosen to play, in the 1947 Five Nations Championship. Although missing the opening game against England, Tamplin was selected for the remaining three games of the tournament. His first cap was against Scotland, under the captaincy of Haydn Tanner. Wales enjoyed a high scoring victory, and Tamplin himself scored two conversions and a penalty goal. Tamplin also scored in the next two games of the Championship, with the winning penalty goal against France, and a conversion in the Irish match.
In December 1947 Tamplin was not only selected to play for Wales but would captain his country against the touring Australian in 1947. When Tamplin was selected to face Australia, he was still a Cardiff player, and as well as leading the Welsh team he also scored all the points in a victory over the Australians after two successful penalty kicks.
In the 1948 Five Nations Championship, Tamplin played in three games, drawing against England, beating Scotland, but most importantly, losing on home soil to France. France were at the time the weakest team in the tournament, and had failed to win in Wales on nine successive occasions. It would be Tamplin's final international game.
Tamplin also represented the invitational Barbarians.
International matches played.
Wales

</doc>
<doc id="20086131" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086131" title="The High Spirits">
The High Spirits

The High Spirits was a garage rock band from Minneapolis, Minnesota active in the 1960s and signed with Soma Records. While there was a small rotation of members, the original line-up consisted of Owen Husney, Doug Ahrens, Cliff Siegel, Rick Beresford, Rick Levinson and Jay Luttio. The band was among the Midwest groups that are credited with being the forefathers of the later punk rock scene.
Owen Husney later went on to discover and manage the artist Prince.
Charts and Awards.
The group's first hit was a raveup of Bobby "Blue" Bland's "(Turn on Your) Love Light," recorded on May 7, 1965 and issued on Soma Records. The B side was "Tossin' and Turnin'," recorded at the same session. The record did well in the Twin Cities, and hit Number 1 in both Kansas City (the band performed in KC on two occasions) and Dallas during the fall of 1965, and also was beginning to do well in California and Colorado. A Top 40 chart from San Jose in September 1965 showed that the record was ranked Number 33 in that market.
Their second release was "I Believe" (not the Frankie Laine song), recorded on January 12, 1966 and released on Soma. it was written by rhythm guitar player Rick Levinson. The flip side, recorded at the same session, was "Bright Lights, Big City," a cover of a Jimmy Reed/Animals tune.
In 2006, the band was inducted into the Minnesota Rock Country Hall of Fame for their contribution to music history.

</doc>
<doc id="20086134" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086134" title="Old Charlotte County Courthouse">
Old Charlotte County Courthouse

The Old Charlotte County Courthouse is an historic two-story yellow brick courthouse building located at 227 Taylor Street in Punta Gorda, Florida, Florida. Designed in the Classical Revival style by architects Leitner and Henson of St. Petersburg, it was built between 1927 and 1928 by Paul H. Smith of Haines City. Additions were made to the building the 1960s and 1980s but in 1999 it was replaced by a new Justice Center and then fell into disuse. In 2005, the additions having been demolished, the Board of County Commissioners undertook the restoration and renovation of the original 1928 structure that remained. It was reopened to the public in a ceremony on February 29, 2008.
In 1989, the Old Charlotte County Courthouse was listed in "A Guide to Florida's Historic Architecture", published by the University of Florida Press.

</doc>
<doc id="20086138" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=20086138" title="Glasgow City F.C.">
Glasgow City F.C.

Glasgow City F.C. are a women's football team based in Glasgow that plays in the Scottish Women's Premier League. They have also competed in the UEFA Women's Cup and UEFA Women's Champions League. They also have a reserve team and youth teams.
History.
Glasgow City FC were formed in 1998 by Laura Montgomery and Carol Anne Stewart and are based at Petershill Park, 30 Adamswell Street in Glasgow. They play in orange and black.
In February 2013, it was revealed that the club had held talks with the FA WSL, the top tier of English women's football, with a view to potentially joining the league. This move has met with opposition however, from the Football Association.
European History.
Glasgow City has participated in four seasons of UEFA competitions; reaching the last 16 in the 2008–09 season. In the last three qualifying campaigns they have lost only twice, to German opponents on both occasions; Bayern Munich, and 2008–09 winners FCR 2001 Duisburg. In the 2011–12 UEFA Women's Champions League they won their qualifying group and moved on to the round of 32. They then defeated Icelandic team Valur to become the first Scottish side to reach the round of 16. 
The Round of 16 ended in "humiliating" fashion for Glasgow City, where against German champions Turbine Potsdam, they lost the tie 17–0 on aggregate. The 10–0 first leg defeat in Potsdam being the only time any team in the knockout stages of the champions league have been beaten by double figures. 
UEFA Women's Cup
UEFA Women's Champions League
Current squad.
Former players.
"For details of former players, see :Category:Glasgow City L.F.C. players."

</doc>
