<doc id="19816978" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816978" title="Caesar Rodney Institute">
Caesar Rodney Institute

The Caesar Rodney Institute is an American nonprofit free-market research and educational organization in Delaware in the United States. It is a member of the State Policy Network.
It is described as a "non-partisan, non-profit public policy group intent upon affecting measured improvement in the socio-economic well being at all levels and strata of Delaware society and promoting an understanding of our nation’s founding principles of limited government, individual initiative, personal responsibility, private property, the rule of law and free-markets."
Initiatives.
CRI has sought to allow Delaware taxpayers and citizens to better view the fruits of their expenditures and the direction of their state by making government information more readily accessible to the public.
Transparent Delaware.
In February 2012, the Caesar Rodney Institute launched the http://transparentdelaware.org/ website, completely dedicated to providing residents of the state of Delaware with data on how the Delaware government spends tax money, with breakdowns by agency and person. Examples of information include state payrolls, and state vendor contracts, which shows to whom government contracts are given to and for how much. The site currently has over 2,500 subscribers.
Upon its launch, Transparentdelaware.org received praise from both the Americans for Tax Reform and the Center for Fiscal Accountabityhttp://www.sunlightonschools.org/lity.
Sunlight on Schools.
Sunlight on Schools {http://www.sunlightonschools.org/] is a site dedicated to obtaining information from the Delaware Department of Education and breaking it down for Delaware residents. The data allows parents, educators, and concerned citizens to see staff data, salary data, school enrollment, standardized test scores, and revenue/expenditures for schools and school districts.
Donor Disclosure Policy.
The Institute maintains a strict anonymity and public nondisclosure policy as to the sources of its own support, as expressed in a "Donor Bill of Rights".
Personnel.
CRI is led by Chairman & CEO James "Jim" P. Ursomarso. He is vice-president of Union Park Automotive Group, a multi-franchise automobile dealership business in Wilmington, Delaware. Previously, Jim was an attorney with Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher, LLP in the firms New York, NY & Washington, DC offices serving as an associate in corporate department; drafted and negotiated transaction documents, including energy related project finance in South America and Saudi Arabia, domestic M&A transactions and securities issuances. Jim is a graduate of Georgetown University and Duke University School of Law. He is a member of the New York Bar. Jim ran unsuccessfully for Lt. Governor of Delaware in 2004 as the nominee of a major party. Jim is also a board member of the Delaware Auto & Truck Dealers Association and previously served on the Board of Directors, Wilmington Little Italy Neighborhood Association from 2002-2006. 
Robert "Bob" Prybutok is the Vice Chairman of CRI. He is President & CEO (Primary Owner) of Polymer Technologies Incorporated which he founded in 1989. Located in Newark, Delaware, Polymer Technologies is a manufacturer that has grown to become a leading producer and supplier of noise control and energy management composites in the United States. Polymer Technologies, Inc. employs 100 full-time employees as well as several part-time and temporary employees and occupies an 87,000 square foot facility. In 2003 Polymer Technologies, Inc. branched out to create Polymer Molded Products. It is located in northern New Jersey and is a manufacturing arm of Polymer Technologies. Polymer Molded Products produces 3 dimensional polyurethane molded parts for energy management applications and occupies a 15,000 square foot facility. Bob is considered an expert in acoustics and vibration materials. He has been active in this field from 1972 to the present and has significant experience in material development, commercial manufacturing, and sales and marketing of noise control and energy management products. Prior to Mr. Prybutok's forming Polymer Technologies, Inc., he was employed with Specialty Composites Corporation from 1972 to 1989. His last position at Specialty Composites was a Vice President with responsibilities for: Sales and Marketing; Research and Development; and Quality Control. Specialty Composites is a manufacturer of specializing in noise control composites. Bob received his BSME Mechanical Engineering in 1970 from Drexel University. He is a member of the Delaware State Chamber of Commerce, NFIB Leadership Council and the Greater Newark Network. 
The Center has three directors of policy analysis: 
David Stevenson, Center for Energy Competitiveness Mr. Stevenson joined the Institute in 2010. He holds a B.S. in agricultural economics from Rutgers University, and is founder and president of One Call Services, Inc., a home remodeling company. In his twenty-three years at DuPont, Mr. Stevenson worked with both economic and technical issues including serving in technical service, business management and new business development. His areas of focus included pioneering work in the production of photovoltaic cells and wind turbines, and work on new battery designs. He was a founding member of Delaware's Green Building Council. Mr. Stevenson writes about energy policy in the state of Delaware.
James Hosley, Center for Excellence in Education- Mr. Hosley earned his Executive MBA in International Business at INSEAD in Fontainebleau, France and his Bachelor of Arts with concentrations in History and English at Providence College, Providence, RI. He previously worked as Vice President, Operations and Technology for Crane Plastics in Columbus, Ohio, before being hired by the Caesar Rodney Institute in January 2012. His efforts resulted in recognition of the company as the industry's leader in new products and services. While at Providence College, he was commissioned Second Lieutenant, Armor Branch, Army of the United States. He completed his career as a Major serving with the U.S. Army Reserve, 98th Division, 3rd Brigade Combat Engineers in the state of New York. Mr. Hosley writes about educational policy and implementation in the state of Delaware.
Chris Casscells, M.D., Center for Healthcare Policy- Dr. Casscells, a board certified orthopedic surgeon, practices general orthopedics with a specialization in arthroscopic surgery of the knee and shoulder at his Wilmington practice, Casscells Orthopedic and Sports Medicine. His work in minimally invasive surgery resulted in his receiving a patent for his Coagulating Cannula, a thermal surgery instrument. Casscells serves as president for the Delaware Academy of Medicine and the University of Virginia Medical School Foundation. He is a member of the American Academy of Orthopedic Surgeons, the Arthroscopy Association of North America, the Yale Orthopedic Association, the Medical Society of Delaware, Delaware Society of Orthopedic Surgeons and the Delaware Academy of Medicine. His medical degree is from the University of Virginia and he performed his general surgery residency and orthopedic residency at Yale University. 
The Caesar Rodney Institute was formerly directed by Barrett Kidner, a former employee of DuPont de Nemours & Co. and the founder of The Barrett Group, an import/export consulting company. He obtained a Bachelor's of Engineering Degree in Industrial Engineering from Johns Hopkins University. He is a former member of the Army Corp. of Engineers, Second Lieutenant. He completed his military service obligation in the U. S. Army Reserve, as commander, Headquarters Company, 304th Engineer Battalion, (Combat), 79th Infantry Division with the rank of Captain. 
Samuel Friedman, Communications Director- Sam joined CRI in May 2012 and runs the day to day operations of CRI. He is the media contact for CRI at 302-734-2700. 
http://caesarrodney.org/

</doc>
<doc id="19816994" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19816994" title="Surprised Parties">
Surprised Parties

Surprised Parties is a 1942 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Edward Cahn. It was the 206th "Our Gang" short (207th episode, 118th talking short, 119th talking episode, and 38th MGM produced episode) that was released.
Plot.
Upset because, as a leap year baby (he only has a birthday every four years), Froggy bemoans the fact that he has almost never had a birthday party. The gang decides to throw a surprise party in Froggy's honor, but to keep him in the dark, they pretend to kick him out of the clubhouse. In order to plan a surprise party for Froggy, the gang has to throw him out of the clubhouse. Vengefully, Froggy sneaks back and sets all sorts of booby-traps for the other gang members. But when the party takes place, it is Froggy who bears the brunt of his pre-set pranks.
Note.
This was the last short with Edward Cahn as "Our Gang"'s regular director. He would return in 1943 to direct "Three Smart Guys". Herbert Glazer takes over directing beginning with "Doin' Their Bit".

</doc>
<doc id="19817029" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817029" title="Kamisado">
Kamisado

Kamisado is an abstract strategy board game for two players that's played on an 8x8 multicoloured board. Each player controls a set of eight octagonal dragon tower pieces. Each player’s set of dragon towers contains a tower to match each of the colours that appear on the squares of the board (i.e., a brown tower, a green tower, etc.). One player’s towers have gold dragons mounted on the top, while the other player’s towers are topped with black dragons.
The players’ towers start the game on the row nearest to them. The players take turns moving one tower any number of spaces in a straight line, either directly forwards or diagonally forwards, but not into or through a square already containing another dragon tower.
The player with the black dragons moves first and may choose any tower. From this point onwards, each player must move the dragon tower that matches the colour of the square that the opponent’s last move finished on. The object of the game is to reach your opponent’s Home Row with one of your dragon towers. The first player to achieve this goal is the winner of the round.
In an interview, designer Peter Burley said that the design of Kamisado dated back to a chance observation in a men’s room in the 1970s. "I noticed that the floor had an interesting pattern of small colored tiles," he says. "I mentally made a note that this could possibly be used as a basis for a board game – this is something that I do quite a lot, whenever I see something a bit different. It must have made a deep impression on this occasion, however, because that night I had a vivid dream involving this tile pattern, and somehow the notion of ‘whatever colour you land on, your opponent must move a piece that matches this.’ I guess my subconscious mind had been working on this and sorted it out while I was asleep."
Games may be played as single rounds, or as more advanced ‘Match’ formats. Matches are played up to 3 points (Standard Match), 7 points (Long Match) or 15 points (Marathon Match). During a match, each time a round is won, a special ‘Sumo Ring’ is added to the dragon tower that has fought its way through to the opponent’s Home Row. The sumo rings provide the scoring system for the game, and also endow special powers to the dragon towers that carry them. These towers are known as Sumo towers and have the ability to push opponent’s towers back one space, by using a move known as a ‘Sumo Push’.
Kamisado World Champions.
The inaugural Kamisado world championships was held at the 15th Mind Sports Olympiad in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19817046" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817046" title="KGIR">
KGIR

KGIR (1220 AM, "ESPN 92.9FM 1220/1470") is a radio station licensed to serve Cape Girardeau, Missouri, USA. The station is owned by Max Media and licensed to MRR License LLC. It airs a Sports radio format in conjunction with KMAL and featuring programming from ESPN Radio.
The station was assigned the KGIR call letters by the Federal Communications Commission on March 29, 1996.
Ownership.
In December 2003, Mississippi River Radio, acting as Max Media LLC (John Trinder, president/COO), reached an agreement to purchase WCIL, WCIL-FM, WJPF, WOOZ-FM, WUEZ, WXLT, KCGQ-FM, KEZS-FM, KGIR, KGKS, KJEZ, KKLR-FM, KLSC, KMAL, KSIM, KWOC, and KZIM from the Zimmer Radio Group (James L. Zimmer, owner). The reported value of this 17 station transaction was $43 million.

</doc>
<doc id="19817047" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817047" title="Solomon Gotthilf">
Solomon Gotthilf

Solomon Borisovich Gotthilf (1903–1967) was a Russian chess master.
He shared 3rd in the 1922 Leningrad City Chess Championship (Grigory Levenfish won), took 6th in Leningrad City-ch in 1924, won twice at Leningrad 1925, shared 6th at Leningrad 1925 (the 4th USSR Chess Championship, Efim Bogoljubow won), took 3rd at Leningrad 1925 (Peter Romanovsky and Bogoljubov won), and tied for 18-19th in the Moscow 1925 chess tournament (Bogoljubow won). 
He retired in Leningrad City-ch in 1926, took 4th at Leningrad 1927, took 7th in Leningrad City-ch in 1928 (Ilya Rabinovich won), shared 6th at Odessa 1929 (the 6th USSR-ch, quarter final), took 3rd at Leningrad 1930 (Mikhail Botvinnik won), tied for 12-13th at Leningrad 1934 (Rabinovich won), took 11th at Leningrad 1938 (Shamaev and Vladimir Alatortsev won), and tied for 16-17th at Leningrad 1938 (USSR-ch semifinal, Botvinnik won).
Gotgilf died in Leningrad in 1967.

</doc>
<doc id="19817051" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817051" title="Veronica Buckley">
Veronica Buckley

Veronica Buckley (born 1956) is a writer and biographer. She was born in Christchurch, New Zealand. In 1979 she graduated from the University of Canterbury with first class honours in French with philosophy, and was awarded a postgraduate scholarship in cultural and social history at the University of London. Before embarking on her writing career she worked as a musician, and as a technical writer and information management specialist in the IT industry.
Following doctoral research in Modern History at Oxford University, Veronica Buckley wrote her first scholarly biography, about Queen Christina. "Christina, Queen of Sweden: The Restless Life of a European Eccentric", was published in 2004, and translated into eight languages. It was rated one of the 20 best non-fiction books of the year by "The Telegraph".
Buckley's second book, "Madame de Maintenon: The Secret Wife of Louis XIV", was published by Bloomsbury in July 2008. It is a biography of Françoise d'Aubigné, Marquise de Maintenon, who rose from the humblest of beginnings to become the morganatic wife of the Sun King, and highly influential at his Court. In April 2008, the first edition was recalled and reprinted because of erroneous references to a literary work. A press article in The Guardian "exposed" the error, despite the fact that it had already been corrected. The book went on to win a broadly positive critical reception though Buckley was criticised by some reviewers for her interpretation of her subject's religious views.
Veronica Buckley lived in Paris and Vienna, but currently lives in Los Angeles. She is married to the writer Philipp Blom.

</doc>
<doc id="19817078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817078" title="FogBugz">
FogBugz

FogBugz is an integrated web-based project management system featuring bug/issue tracking, discussion forums, wikis, customer relationship management, and evidence based scheduling developed by Fog Creek Software.
The feature tracker allows users to manage, filter, sort and navigate a tree-structure of tasks, that contain information, tags and attached files related to a particular issue. Discussion forums and wikis may be created around any topic and posts/pages may be added into the same. Users may integrate their email accounts into the system to send/receive email and create issues regarding the same. 
Prediction of future tasks and completion estimation of future milestones are based upon past records of user performance. Users must manually input an estimated duration for every task, and state the task they are currently working on which builds a daily work log (timesheet) that may be reviewed later.
Deployment.
Pricing is based on user licenses, where each logged-in user must have one license. Each user in the application can filter tasks assigned to him/her and may create new, update existing, or resolve/close tasks with his/her name.
It is offered in two versions, an online hosted version entitled "FogBugz On Demand", and a self managed version that may be installed on client servers. With the self managed version, full access to the FogBugz database is possible by system administrators increasing automation possibility.
The FogBugz API allows developers to integrate FogBugz into their applications. It allows applications to access and modify FogBugz data. It is implemented as XML responses to HTTP requests.
Prediction.
Evidence-based Scheduling is a software estimation approach created by Joel Spolsky. This approach is similar to that used in Agile software development where it is referred to as velocity.
In standard project management, non-project activities such as holidays, sick days, project support and breaks are expected to be excluded from schedules and recorded time usage so that only the time actually spent on a project is recorded.
In practice non-project time can be difficult to cleanly separate out. As one example, Spolsky gives "boss's painful fishing stories" as time usage that is unlikely to be identified separately on the schedule.
To avoid these complexity issues, Evidence-based Scheduling measures and estimates only the actual total time taken to complete a particular task. EBS then uses the Monte Carlo method to adjust predicted completion dates based on the accuracy of each worker's prior estimates.
Instead of a single completion date, this method produces a table of possible completion dates, each with an associated probability of being correct. This gives management a more accurate picture of how reliable the estimates are.
History.
FogBugz originally started as an internal bug tracking tool for Fog Creek Software while the company was focused on consulting. It was first released in November, 2000.
In 2003, FogBugz was originally written in classic Active Server Pages and VBScript. In order to run on both Microsoft Windows and Linux, Fog Creek developed an ASP to PHP compiler called Thistle.
As the requirements for FogBugz grew, it became clear that VBScript did not have the features desired to continue development. Instead of switching technologies, Fog Creek decided to start extending VBScript with modern programming language features such as First-class functions, automatic programming, and object-relational mapping. The result was an entirely new programming language, Wasabi, with a compiler written in C#, that compiled to .NET or PHP, depending on what the client requires.

</doc>
<doc id="19817096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817096" title="Let's Hide Away and Dance Away with Freddy King">
Let's Hide Away and Dance Away with Freddy King

"Let's Hide Away and Dance Away with Freddy King" is a 1961 instrumental album by blues guitarist and singer Freddie "The Texas Cannonball" King. Released on King Records, the album contained a number of influential songs and two hit singles, "Hide Away" and "San-Ho-Zay". The former reached #5 on the "Black Singles" chart and #29 on the "Pop Singles" chart, while the latter reached #4 and #47. The album, itself influential, has been critically well-received.
Critical reception and influence.
The album and several of the songs it contains have been influential. According to 2006's "Encyclopedia of the Blues", the song "Hide Away" has become "ne of the most popular blues instrumentals of all time", a "mandatory staple of blues bands" at its time and "a standard for countless blues and rock musicians performing today." "All Music Guide to the Blues" indicates that in addition to "Hide Away", which it describes as "Freddie King's signature tune and most influential recording", several of the other songs on the album also became blues classics, including "San-Ho-Zay" and "The Stumble". "Encyclopedia of the Blues" adds that "Sen-Sa-Shun", too, became a favorite songs for instrumental bands. Jerry Garcia of The Grateful Dead, who have covered "Hide Away" live on several occasions, specifically sited "San-Ho-Zay" and "Sensation" (sic) as among the Freddie King album tracks that inspired him.
The album, which was cited as an influence by notable blues guitarist Stevie Ray Vaughan. was critically well received. It is described in the "Encyclopedia of the Blues" as "highly regarded". In 2007, the "Houston Chronicle" listed the album as #6 on its list of 75 essential Texas blues albums, indicating that "If Gilmer's King had only recorded the song Hide Away, his legend as an influential blues guitar player would be secure. But this entire album cooks."
Track listing.
"Except where otherwise noted, all songs by Freddie King and Sonny Thompson."

</doc>
<doc id="19817099" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817099" title="SGTB Khalsa College">
SGTB Khalsa College

Sri Guru Tegh Bahadur Khalsa College is a constituent college of University of Delhi located in New Delhi, India.It offers courses Sciences, Commerce and Arts. The college premises also bears a Gurudwara. The college has undertaken many projects in the field of ciliate biology and has reported new species of protozoans from northeast India. The laboratory has collaborated with Natural History Museum and University of Camerino. The college offers a dual credential programs in collaboration with University of the Fraser Valley and Avans.
History.
Named after Guru Tegh Bahadur, the 9th Sikh Guru, Sri Guru Tegh Bahadur Khalsa College is a constituent of University of Delhi. It is a co-educational institution established in 1951 by Delhi Sikh Gurudwara Management Committee to instill ideals of self-sacrifice and service among the youth. It draws inspiration from the life of the Guru who laid down his life in Delhi to uphold freedom of belief and conscience and whose sacrifice and martyrdom for secular ideas are unique in the annals of our country.
The college had a modest beginning and was in four rooms in a school in Dev Nagar with 49 students and a faculty of 6 teachers. The college shifted to its present premises in the University Campus in 1973.
Sports.
The College has earned popularity for its excellence in sports and gaming activities. From time to time the students of Sri Guru Tegh Bahadur Khalsa College has received invitation to participate in all the international competitions. To facilitate sports, the College authorities have built a spacious playground where students can play games like Hockey, Cricket, Football, etc. Ample facilities are given for promoting indoor games like Table Tennis, Carrom, Chess and mini Gymnasium. A superb Sports Complex called Sant Harchand Singh Longowal Sports Complex has been built, consisting of 16 up-to-date gymnasium, with facilities of treadmill and weightlifting. A squash racket room, three table tennis rooms, and changing rooms for players are incorporated within this complex. There is a seminar room that is delightfully decorated, providing excellent infrastructure for workshops, seminars and associated activities. 
The college has recently constructed a new floodlit Lawn Tennis court (120X120) at a cost of Rs 23 lakh. "The Khalsa Tennis Academy" has also been set up to utilize the infrastructure and nurture fresh talents. The academy is being supervised under former Indian Davis Cup Player, Balram Singh. The college, along with Ramjas College and Shri Ram College of Commerce is one of the rugby training venues for the 2010 Commonwealth Games, and hence the sporting facilities are under further upgradation.
College societies.
Academic societies.
The college magazine "The Tegh" consists of English, Hindi and Punjabi sections.
time kiske paas hai
Co-curricular / extracurricular societies.
Dramatics society.
Ankur - The Dramatics Society and Pratyaksh theatre-fest: Featuring among some of the best theatre societies in the campus, Ankur which was revived in 1995 with the efforts of Dr. Javed Malik is quite active in producing stage plays and street plays. Since its inception it has produced short plays, full-length productions and street plays. The team has won several awards including best play, best actor, best direction, etc. at many inter-college theatre competitions around the country. Actors at Ankur have been the recipient of Best Actors consecutively for over 7 years in a row. Aditya Jain, who was president of the group during the remarkable year '08-'09, received the Award for Best Actor for the play "Jaayaz Hatyaare". In early 2008, Ankur was invited to Pakistan to represent the University of Delhi at the Second Pak-India Inter-varsity Theatre Festival at the Government College University, Lahore and was critically said to be among the best plays of the festival. Some of the other prestigious festivals where Ankur has performed are the B.V. Karanth Memorial Theatre Festival (NSD), Atelier Youth Theatre Week and the Old World Theatre Festival (India Habitat Center). Currently, the society is under the supervision of Kuljeet Singh (staff convener and teacher, Department of English) and Prabhjot Singh (president). 
In '08-'09, Ankur produced "Bade Bhai Sahab" (Premchand), "Muaavze" (Bhishma Sahni), "Jaayaz Hatyaare" (adaptation of Albert Camus' "Just Assassins") and "Aaj Bhi Kal Ke Jaisa Kyun Hai?" (street play) and won several accolades over the country for their work. Blog-id—ankurdramsoc.blogspot.com.
The members are striving to keep the spirit alive with their bit of celebrating theatre with Pratyaksh-The Annual Theatre festival of the college. Pratyaksh which started in 2006 has already registered its name as an inter-college theatre festival in which colleges are keen to participate and showcase their brilliance.

</doc>
<doc id="19817112" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817112" title="Bob Thomas (athlete)">
Bob Thomas (athlete)

Bob Thomas was a New Zealand long jump competitor who still holds the current national long jump record of 8.05m. He won 3 national titles in the long jump.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19817153" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817153" title="Eduardus Sangsun">
Eduardus Sangsun

Eduardus Sangsun (June 14, 1943 – October 13, 2008) was the Indonesian third bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Ruteng from 1984 until his death in 2008. The Diocese of Ruteng is based in the city of Ruteng on the western part of Flores island.
Sangsun was born in Karot, Manggarai district, Flores, in the present-day nation of Indonesia on June 14, 1943. He was ordained a Roman Catholic priest on July 12, 1972. Pope John Paul II appointed Sangsun as only the third bishop of Ruteng in 1984. Sangsun was formally ordained to bishop on March 25, 1985. He would remain bishop for over two decades.
Sangsun learned he had heart disease in April 2008 when he travelled to Singapore for a medical checkup. He flew to Rome and the Vatican in September 2008 to take part in the vow-taking ceremony of Dominican nuns. He was hospitalized while in Rome. Italian doctors advised Sangsun to have heart surgery while in Italy. Sangsun declined saying he would rather undergo the procedure in Indonesia.
Sangsun arrived in Jakarta, Indonesia, on October 8, 2008, and was hospitalized on October 10. He died at the Pantai Indah Kapuk Hospital in North Jakarta of a heart attack on October 13, 2008, at the age of 65.
Bishop Sangsun's body was taken to St. Carolus Hospital, a Catholic hospital in Central Jakarta, for public viewing. A requiem mass for Sangsun was held at the Assumption Cathedral in Central Jakarta.
Sangsun's body was then flown to Ruteng, Flores, for his funeral. His funeral and burial took place at the Assumption Cathedral compound in Ruteng, Flores.

</doc>
<doc id="19817157" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817157" title="Marching On!">
Marching On!

Marching On! (also released as "Where's My Man To-nite?") is a 1943 American race film directed and written by Spencer Williams.
Plot.
The film focuses on a young African American who continues his family’s tradition of military service when he is drafted into the United States Army during World War II. Despite complications that arise during his basic training, including his jealousy following his girlfriend's flirtatious attention to his sergeant, the young soldier becomes a hero when he locates Japanese saboteurs operating a radio station outside of his military base.

</doc>
<doc id="19817176" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817176" title="Communauté de communes du Pays Neufchâtelois">
Communauté de communes du Pays Neufchâtelois

The Communauté de communes du Pays Neufchâtelois was created on 1 January 1998 and is located in the Seine-Maritime "département" of the Haute-Normandie region of north-western France.
Participants.
The Communauté de communes comprises the following 23 communes:

</doc>
<doc id="19817184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817184" title="Ileosigmoid knot">
Ileosigmoid knot

An ileosigmoid knot is a form of volvulus in which ileum wraps around the base of the sigmoid and passes beneath itself forming a knot.
The exact cause of this condition is not known. Patients usually present with clinical features of colonic obstruction. Vomoting, abdominal distension, abdominal pain, blood stained stools are frequent symptoms. It is difficult to diagnose this condition before surgery. Raveenthiran described a triad which may be useful in preoperative diagnosis. The triad includes 1). Clinical features suggestive of small bowel obstruction, 2). Radiological features suggestive of large bowel obstruction, 3). Inability to negotiate sigmoidoscope or a flatus tube. This is a surgical emergency that requires urgent resection of gangrenous bowel and untwisting of the volvulus.

</doc>
<doc id="19817185" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817185" title="István Szijjártó">
István Szijjártó

István Szijjártó () ( – 10 September 1833) was a Slovene evangelic teacher and poet in Hungary.
He was born in Večeslavci (Prekmurje), near the Styrian border. His father was Iván Szijjártó a Slovene peasant. Szijjártó studied in Nemescsó and in Sopron, in the evangelic lyceum (?-1783). He taught in Križevci from 1787–1806 in Puconci. He worked later in Domanjševci, where he died.
In 1796, his hymn-book "Mrtvecsne Peszmi" of funeral songs was published.

</doc>
<doc id="19817194" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817194" title="Eyes of a Stranger (album)">
Eyes of a Stranger (album)

Eyes of a Stranger is an album released by the R&B band, The Deele in 1987. 
The third album released by the Deele, it became the band's most commercially successful album, on the strength of what is perhaps the group's best-known hit, the R&B top 5 and pop top ten single, "Two Occasions," along with the R&B top ten follow-up, "Shoot 'Em Up Movies." It was shortly after the release of this album that primary group songwriters Kenny "Babyface" Edmonds and L.A. Reid left the band to pursue production work.
The album was certified Gold by the RIAA.

</doc>
<doc id="19817195" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817195" title="Prerogative of mercy (Rwanda)">
Prerogative of mercy (Rwanda)

The prerogative of mercy is a form of pardon which can be exercised by the President of Rwanda. The prerogative is one of the powers of the president defined by the Constitution of Rwanda, which came into effect in 2003 following a national referendum.

</doc>
<doc id="19817221" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817221" title="Jan Flachbart">
Jan Flachbart

Jan Flachbart (born 3 March 1978) is a Czech footballer currently playing for FC Oberlausitz Neugersdorf.

</doc>
<doc id="19817241" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817241" title="Francis Gastrell">
Francis Gastrell

Francis Gastrell (1662–1725) was bishop of Chester and a writer on deism. He was a friend of Jonathan Swift, mentioned several times in "A Journal to Stella", and chaplain to Robert Harley, when Harley was speaker of the House of Commons.
Life.
He was born on 10 May 1662 at Slapton, Northamptonshire and educated at Westminster School and Christ Church, Oxford. He was Boyle Lecturer in 1697.
One of a group of Tory High Churchmen, he was on good terms with Francis Atterbury, George Smalridge and Robert Nelson, and one of the Commission of the end of the reign of Queen Anne. In 1714, the year of her death, he became bishop of Chester through Harley's influence (consecrated on 14 April of that year in Somerset House Chapel). When Atterbury was put on trial in 1723, Gastrell spoke in his defence.
He was a noted controversialist, but considered to hold moderate views. He criticised Anthony Collins, but was quite approving of John Locke. He criticised the Trinitarian theories of William Sherlock as innovative.
As a diocesan bishop, he is noted for the fine-grained survey he made of every parish, published in the nineteenth century as "Notitia Cestriensis". Along with it was published the so-called Gastrell Manuscript, or "Chronicle of St. Werburg", edited by F. R. Raines.

</doc>
<doc id="19817250" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817250" title="Doin' Their Bit">
Doin' Their Bit

"Doin' Their Bit" is a 1942 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Herbert Glazer. This was the first short with Herbert Glazer as "Our Gang'"s regular director. It was the 207th "Our Gang" short (208th episode, 119th talking short, 120th talking episode, and 39th MGM produced episode) that was released.
Plot.
Hoping to entertain the military troops stationed in Greenpoint, Mr. Wills organizes the gang into a junior USO troupe. In addition to performing a "boot camp" sketch, the gang participates in a brace of production numbers.

</doc>
<doc id="19817264" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817264" title="Expédition d'Irlande">
Expédition d'Irlande

The "Expédition d'Irlande" ("Expedition to Ireland") was an unsuccessful attempt by the First French Republic during the French Revolutionary Wars to assist the outlawed Society of United Irishmen, a popular rebel Irish republican group, in their planned rebellion against British rule. The French intended to land a large expeditionary force in Ireland during the winter of 1796–1797 which would join with the United Irishmen and drive the British out of Ireland. The French anticipated that this would be a major blow to British morale, prestige and military effectiveness, and was also intended to possibly be the first stage of an eventual invasion of Britain itself. To this end, the French Directory gathered a force of approximately 15,000 soldiers at Brest under General Lazare Hoche during late 1796, in readiness for a major landing at Bantry Bay in December.
The operation was launched during one of the stormiest winters of the 18th century, with the French fleet unprepared for such severe conditions. Patrolling British frigates observed the departure of the fleet and notified the British Channel Fleet, most of which was sheltering at Spithead for the winter. The French fleet was subject to confused orders as it left port and was scattered across the approaches to Brest: one ship was wrecked with heavy loss of life and the others widely dispersed. Separated, most of the French fleet managed to reach Bantry Bay late in December, but its commanders were driven miles off course and without them the fleet was unsure of what action to take, with amphibious landings impossible due to the weather conditions, which were the worst recorded since 1708. Within a week the fleet had broken up, small squadrons and individual ships making their way back to Brest through storms, fog and British patrols.
The British were largely unable to effectively interfere with the French fleet before, during or after the invasion. A few ships operating from Cork captured isolated French warships and transports, but the only significant British response came from Captain Sir Edward Pellew, who was able to drive the French ship of the line ashore in the Action of 13 January 1797 with the loss of over 1,000 lives. In total, the French lost 12 ships captured or wrecked and thousands of soldiers and sailors drowned, without a single man reaching Ireland except as prisoners of war. Both navies were criticised by their governments for their behaviour during the campaign, but the French were encouraged to launch a second attempt in 1798, successfully landing 2,000 men in August but failing to influence the Irish Rebellion and again losing significant numbers of men and ships.
Background.
Following the French Revolution in 1789, the republican cause was taken up in many countries, including Ireland, at that time ruled by the Kingdom of Great Britain. Opposition to British rule had existed in Ireland for centuries, but the French example, combined with the imposition of the Penal Laws which discriminated against the Catholic majority, prompted the creation of the Society of United Irishmen, a broad non-sectarian coalition of groups seeking to create an Irish Republic in the place of the British government. Initially a non-violent political movement, the United Irishmen were forced to operate as a secret society after membership was made illegal in 1793 at the outbreak of the French Revolutionary Wars. Deciding that their only hope of creating the Irish Republic lay in armed revolt, the United Irishmen began secretly organising and arming their forces. In search of external aid, two of their leaders, Lord Edward FitzGerald and Arthur O'Connor travelled to Basle to meet with French General Lazare Hoche. Their efforts were supported by Protestant Dublin lawyer Theobald Wolfe Tone, who travelled to Paris to appeal to the French Directory in person. During this period, the British government repealed some of the Penal Laws, in an attempt to quell unrest. 
The First French Republic had long planned an invasion of the British Isles, but their ambitions had been repeatedly thwarted by other factors, including other fronts of the Revolutionary Wars, the War in the Vendée and the parlous state of the French Navy. This latter problem was a major cause for concern: the Navy had suffered heavily from the removal of its officer corps during the Revolution and then endured a series of military setbacks, culminating in the tactical defeat at the Glorious First of June in 1794 and the disastrous "Croisière du Grand Hiver" in 1795. Peace on several fronts in 1795 convinced the new French Directory that Britain was one of their most dangerous remaining opponents, and they determined to defeat them through invasion.
The applications from Tone intrigued the Directory, which understood that by attacking Ireland they would be striking at the least defensible part of the British Isles. Support for the British government was weakest there and the United Irishmen optimistically claimed to be able to raise an irregular army of as many as 250,000 waiting to join the French once they had landed, with the additional attraction that a successful establishment of an Irish Republic would prove an ideological coup for the French Republic. Finally and most significantly, a large expeditionary force in Ireland could provide an ideal springboard for an invasion of Britain, especially in combination with a plan then under development to land 2,000 uniformed criminals in Cornwall, who would distract the British Army during the invasion of Ireland and could potentially provide a beachhead for future operations.
Preparation.
With the end of the War in the Vendée and peace with Spain, substantial French forces were made available for the operation, to be led by General Hoche and scheduled for the end of October 1796. Hoche was a successful military commander, who had defeated the Vendée Royalists and been subsequently engaged in planning the Cornish invasion. A body of veteran soldiers and the entire French Atlantic Fleet were placed at his disposal, based in the major Atlantic seaport of Brest. The number of soldiers earmarked for the invasion is uncertain: the French Directory suggested 25,000 men would be required, the Irish delegates insisting that 15,000 would be sufficient. Estimates of the number of soldiers eventually embarked range between 13,500 and 20,000.]
By August the plan was already behind schedule: severe shortages of stores and wages slowed work at the Brest shipyards, while the troops set aside for the invasion of Cornwall proved unreliable, deserting in large numbers. A practice voyage of the Cornish invasion fleet ended in total failure, as the small ships intended for the operation proved unable to operate in open water. The plan was dropped and the reliable soldiers from the unit were merged into the Ireland expeditionary force and the rest returned to prison. Reinforcements from the Mediterranean Fleet were also delayed: seven ships under Rear-Admiral Joseph de Richery had to shelter from the British blockade squadron in Rochefort, only arriving in Brest on 8 December, while a second fleet under Rear-Admiral Pierre-Charles Villeneuve did not arrive until after the expeditionary force had departed.
Throughout late 1796, progress on the expedition faltered. Hoche publicly blamed the naval command and specifically Admiral Villaret de Joyeuse for the delay, whom he accused of being more interested in the planning of a proposed invasion of India. In October, Villaret was replaced by Vice-Admiral Morard de Galles and the India plans were cancelled, while Hoche was placed in direct command of discipline within the fleet. By the second week of December the fleet was ready, consisting of 17 ships of the line, 13 frigates and 14 other vessels, including several large transports created made by removing the cannon from old frigates to maximise cargo space. Each ship of the line carried 600 soldiers, the frigates 250 and the transports approximately 400. Included were cavalry units, field artillery and substantial military stores with which to arm the thousands of anticipated Irish volunteers. Hoche was still dissatisfied, announcing to the Directory on 8 December that he would rather lead his men in any other operation than the planned attack on Ireland. He was supported by Morard de Galles, who admitted that his men were so inexperienced at sea that encounters with the enemy should be avoided wherever possible.
Departure.
Despite the misgivings of the expedition's commanders, the fleet left Brest as scheduled on 15 December 1796, one day ahead of a message from the Directory calling off the entire operation. De Galles knew that the British would be watching Brest harbour: their frigates were a constant presence as part of the Inshore Squadron of the blockade. In an effort to disguise his force's intentions, he first anchored in Camaret Bay and issued orders for his ships to pass through the Raz de Sein. The Raz was a dangerous narrow channel littered with rocks and sandbanks and subject to heavy surf during bad weather, but would also obscure the size, strength and direction of the French fleet from the British squadron offshore, which French scouts claimed consisted of 30 ships.
Despite the French reports, the principal British blockade squadron was absent from the approaches to Brest during the night of 15 December. Most of the fleet had retired to one of the British Channel Ports to avoid the winter storms, while the remaining squadron under Rear-Admiral John Colpoys had been forced to retreat into the Atlantic to avoid the risk of being driven onto the rocky French Biscay shoreline during a storm. The only British ships within sight of Brest were a frigate squadron, consisting of , , , and the lugger HMS "Duke of York", under the command of Captain Sir Edward Pellew in "Indefatigable". Pellew had noted French preparations on 11 December and immediately sent "Phoebe" to warn Colpoys and "Amazon" to Falmouth, to alert the Admiralty. He remained off Brest with the rest of the squadron, and sighted the main French fleet at 15:30 on 15 December, bringing his frigates inshore towards Camaret Bay to establish its size and purpose. At 15:30 on 16 December, the French sailed from the Bay, Pellew observing closely and despatching "Revolutionnaire" to assist in the search for Colpoys.
Morard de Galles had spent most of 16 December preparing for passage through the "Raz de Sein", situating temporary lightships in the channel to warn of hazards and giving instructions on the use of signal rockets during the passage. The fleet was so delayed in this work that darkness began to fall before preparations were complete and he abandoned the plan at approximately 16:00 and signalled for the fleet to leave via the main channel from the port, leading the way in his flagship, the frigate . It was so dark by the time the signal was made that most ships failed to see it, "Fraternité" and the corvette "Atalante" attempting to notify them by rocket signal. These signals were confusing and many ships failed to understand, sailing for the Raz de Sein rather than the main channel. Pellew added to the problem by weaving ahead of the fleet shining blue lights and firing rockets, further confusing the French captains as to their location.
When dawn broke on 17 December, most of the French fleet was scattered across the approaches to Brest. The largest intact group was that under Vice-Admiral François Joseph Bouvet, which had come through the Raz de Sein with nine ships of the line, six frigates and one transport. The other ships, including "Fraternité", which also carried General Hoche, were alone or in small groups, the captains forced open their secret orders to discover their destination, in the absence of instructions from any commanding officers. One ship had been lost, the 74-gun ship of the line had driven onto the Grand Stevenent rock during the night and sank with 680 lives. She too had fired numerous rockets and signal guns in an effort to attract attention, succeeding only in compounding the confusion in the fleet. Pellew, unable now to affect the large French force, sailed for Falmouth to telegraph his report to the Admiralty and replenish his supplies.
Voyage to Ireland.
By 19 December, Bouvet had gathered 33 ships together and set a course for Mizen Head in southern Ireland, the designated rendezvous point where he was instructed by his sealed orders to wait five days for further instructions from France. One of the ships still missing was the "Fraternité". Despite the disappearance of its commanders the French fleet continued to Bantry Bay, sailing through both high winds and thick fog, which delayed its arrival until 21 December. While Bouvet sailed for Ireland, "Fraternité" crossed the Western Approaches in search of the fleet, accompanied by , and . Unwittingly passing Bouvet's fleet in the fog, de Galles separated from his small squadron near the rendezvous on 21 December, only to discover a British frigate immediately ahead. Retreating from the threat, "Fraternité" was chased far into the Atlantic before she could escape the unidentified pursuer. On the return journey de Galle found the winds against him, and it took eight days to regain Mizen Head.
"Phoebe" did not find Colpoys until 19 December, deep in the Bay of Biscay. The following day he sighted the delayed French squadron under Villeneuve and gave chase, but Villeneuve was able to outrun Colpoys' pursuit in a gale, reaching Lorient ahead of the British, whose ships were badly damaged by the storm. Unable to continue operations, Colpoys was forced to retreat to Spithead for repairs. The response from the Channel Fleet under Lord Bridport was similarly ineffective. News of the French departure from Brest did not arrive in Plymouth, the most westerly of the British fleet ports, until 20 December. Many of Bridport's ships, based at Spithead, were not ready for sea and it was several days before enough vessels were manned and equipped for service. The order to leave port was issued on 25 December, but the fleet was almost immediately thrown into chaos when the large second-rate swung out of control and collided with the 80-gun . At almost the same time, another second-rate, , was driven into the 100-gun first-rate HMS "Ville de Paris" by strong winds while the 98-gun grounded. All five ships were required to enter dock for extensive repairs, denying Bridport his strongest vessels and delaying his departure further. When he eventually reached St Helens, the departure point from the Solent, the wind was blowing from the west and his remaining eight ships were rendered immobile until 3 January.
In the absence of Morard de Galles and Hoche, Bouvet and his army counterpart, General Emmanuel de Grouchy, gave orders on 21 December for the fleet to anchor in preparation for landings the following day. Local maritime pilots, believing the fleet to be British, rowed out to the ships and were seized, providing the French with guides to the best landing sites. During the night of 21 December, the weather suddenly and significantly worsened, Atlantic gales bringing blizzards that hid the shoreline and forced the fleet to anchor or risk being wrecked. For four days they remained in the Bay, the inexperienced French sailors, lacking any winter clothing, unable to operate their ships in the coldest winter recorded since 1708. On 24 December the wind slackened and a council of war was convened among the expedition's senior officers. Together they resolved to force a landing despite the weather, identifying a nearby creek as the safest point and giving orders for the operation to go ahead at first light on 25 December. During the night the weather deteriorated once more, and by morning the waves were so violent that they were breaking over the bows of many ships. Anchors dragged and a number of vessels were blown right out of the Bay and into the Atlantic, unable to return against the wind. In the storm, the largest ship of the line, the , collided with the frigate and both suffered severe damage.
Collapse of the expedition.
For four more days Bouvet's ships were battered by the high winds, none able to approach the shore without severe risk of being destroyed on the rocky coast. Losing their anchors as the cables snapped, many ships were forced to run before the wind and scatter into the Western Approaches. Others were destroyed: an American ship named "Ellis", passing close to Crookhaven on 29 December, encountered a vessel wallowing in the waves, dismasted and with the deck strewn with bodies. The American captain, Harvey, reported that he approached the ship but was unable to assist her due to the storm and as he watched, the ship was driven ashore and destroyed. This was the 44-gun frigate , of which only seven men survived from her complement of 550 crew and passengers. Harvey also recounted coming across the and frigate . Captain Pierre Dumanoir le Pelley was in the process of removing the crew and passengers from "Scévola" before she foundered, the heavy weather having reduced the 40-gun razee frigate to a sinking condition. "Ellis" was not the only ship to discover "Révolution"; the long-delayed "Fraternité" encountered the ships and observed the destruction of the "Scévola", which was burnt once she had been abandoned.
Bouvet had been driven offshore in his flagship "Immortalité" during the storm, and when the wind fell during 29 December he decided to abandon the operation. Signalling to the ships within view, he ordered his remaining squadron to sail southeast towards Brest. Some ships failed to receive the message and continued to the second rendezvous off the River Shannon, but they were few and scattered and in the continuing storms no landing was possible. With provisions running low, these ships also turned and sailed for Brest, as the weather worsened once more. As their expeditionary force sailed home, Morard de Galles and Hoche arrived in Bantry Bay on 30 December, discovering that the fleet had gone. With their own provisions almost exhausted, "Fraternité" and "Révolution" were forced to return to France as well. The British response to the attempted invasion continued to be inadequate, Colpoys arriving at Spithead on 31 December with only six of his ships still in formation. Only a handful of ships based at Cork under Rear-Admiral Robert Kingsmill, principally under Captain George Lumsdaine and a frigate squadron, interfered with the French fleet: "Polyphemus" seized the transport on 30 December and captured the transport shortly afterwards, although she was later recaptured by the French frigate .
Retreat.
The first French ships to return to Brest arrived on 1 January, including Bouvet's flagship "Immortalité" accompanied by "Indomptable", , , , and some smaller ships. They had avoided any contact with British warships and had been able to make good speed in a period of relatively calm weather. During the following days, the French ships that had gathered off the Shannon limped home, all badly damaged due to the increasingly rough seas and high winds. Several ships did not return to France at all, including the frigate , which was wrecked in Bantry Bay on 2 January; many of her men, including General Julien Mermet, were rescued by boats from the remaining French fleet and others scrambled ashore to become prisoners of war. On 5 January, "Polyphemus" outran and captured the frigate "Tartu", of 44 guns and 625 men (including troops), after four hours of intermittent combat. The Royal Navy later took her into service as HMS "Uranie". "Polyphemus" also captured another transport, but the weather being bad and night falling, she did not take possession. Captain Lumsdaine of "Polyphemus" reported that the transport was leaky and making distress signals, but that he was unable to assist. He thought it highly likely that she had sunk. This may have been the transport "Fille-Unique", which sank in the Bay of Biscay on 6 January, although the fate of the 300 soldiers aboard is unknown.
On 7 January, the British frigates under Captain Sir Thomas Williams, under Captain Charles Jones and under Captain Richard King, captured the transport , "Druid" escorting the prize back to Cork. The following day "Unicorn" and "Doris" encountered some of the force that had attempted to land at the Shannon. Outnumbered, the frigates retreated westwards and encountered the battered "Révolution" and "Fraternité", which withdrew before them. This prevented Morard de Galles and Hoche from belatedly joining their squadron and took them away from the route back to France. When "Unicorn" and "Doris" reappeared the following morning, they were operating as scouts for Bridport's fleet, which had finally left port at the start of the new year and had encountered the frigates during the night. Escaping pursuit in a fog, "Révolution" and "Fraternité" sailed directly for France and arrived at Rochefort on 13 January.
The majority of the remaining French ships had reached Brest on 11 January, including , , , and , the latter towing the dismasted "Résolue". On 13 January most of the remainder returned, including "Nestor", , and with their attendant frigates, while the frigate arrived at Lorient alone. Losses had continued as the French neared Brest, the disarmed "Suffren" recaptured by off Ushant and burnt on 8 January, while "Atalante" was outrun and captured by HMS "Phoebe" on 10 January. On 12 January, the storeship "Allègre" was captured by the brig .
"Droits de l'Homme".
By 13 January, all of the French fleet had been accounted for except the small brig "Mutine", which was blown all the way to Santa Cruz and was captured there in July, and the 74-gun "Droits de l'Homme". "Droits de l'Homme" had been among the ships under Bouvet in Bantry Bay and then with those that carried on to the Shannon, but as the fleet broke up she became separated. With provisions running low and landings still impossible, Captain Jean-Baptiste Raymond de Lacrosse determined to return to France independently. Progress was slow as "Droits de l'Homme" was overloaded with 1,300 men, including 800 soldiers under General Jean Humbert. She was further delayed when she encountered and captured a small British privateer named "Cumberland". As a result, La Crosse had only reached Ushant by 13 January, where he encountered the same fog that had enabled "Révolution" and "Fraternité" to reach safety.
At 13:00, two ships emerged from the gloom to the east and Lacrosse turned away rather than risk his passengers in a pointless engagement. The ships persisted and were soon revealed to be the frigates "Indefatigable" under Captain Sir Edward Pellew, and "Amazon" under Captain Robert Carthew Reynolds, which had taken on supplies at Falmouth and then returned to their station off Brest. As "Droits de l'Homme" steered southwest, the winds increased once more and the sea became choppy, preventing Lacrosse from opening the gunports on his lower deck without severe risk of flooding and snapping his topmasts, which reduced his ship's stability. Realising his opponent's difficulties, Pellew closed with the larger ship and began a heavy fire. At 18:45, "Amazon" came within range and the frigates combined to repeatedly rake the French ship. The combat continued throughout the night, punctuated by short breaks in which the more mobile British ships repaired their battle damage out of range of Lacrosse's guns.
At 04:20 on 14 January, lookouts on all three ships sighted waves breaking immediately eastwards. Desperate to escape the heavy surf, "Indefatigable" turned north and "Amazon" turned south, while the battered "Droits de l'Homme" was unable to make any maneuvre and drove straight onto a sandbar near the town of Plozévet, the force of the waves rolling her onto her side. "Amazon" too was wrecked, although in a more sheltered position which enabled the frigate to remain upright. The only surviving ship was "Indefatigable", which was able to round the Penmarck Rocks and reach open water. While Reynolds fashioned rafts to bring his men safely to shore, the French officers on "Droits de l'Homme" were unable to launch their boats, their exposed position in the heavy surf destroying every attempt to reach shore and drowning hundreds of men. Losses on board the wreck mounted as the storm continued, breaking open the stern of the ship and flooding the interior. On the morning of 15 January a group of prisoners from "Cumberland" reached the shore in a small boat, but subsequent attempts failed and it was not until 17 January that the sea calmed enough for the small naval vessel "Arrogante" to approach the wreck and remove the remaining 290 survivors.
Aftermath.
The French attempt to invade Ireland had ended in total failure. With the exception of a handful of prisoners of war, not one French soldier had successfully landed in Ireland, despite some ships remaining off the coast for almost two weeks. Twelve ships had been lost and over two thousand soldiers and sailors drowned. The invasion was abandoned, Hoche and his remaining men were returned to the army for service in Germany, and the general died nine months later from natural causes. The French Navy, although criticised for failing to land the expeditionary force, was also praised for successfully reaching Ireland and returning without encountering the main body of the British fleet. This achievement encouraged further invasion attempts, including a landing at Fishguard in Wales in February 1797 and a second invasion of Ireland in mid-1798.
In Britain, the Royal Navy's response to the French campaign was heavily criticised: both fleets assigned to intercept the invasion fleet had failed, the only losses inflicted on the French coming from the small Cork squadron or Pellew's independent frigates. Colpoys was replaced in command of the blockade of Brest by Rear-Admiral Sir Roger Curtis, and extensive deployments to the Bay of Biscay were made in February and March to prevent any further French operations. In addition, reinforcements were also sent to the fleet off Cadiz under Vice-Admiral Sir John Jervis, who had won the Battle of Cape St Vincent on 14 February. These extended deployments were unpopular with the regular seamen and in April the Spithead Mutiny broke out, paralysing the Channel Fleet. The French, still recovering from their losses in the winter campaign, were unable to respond.
In Ireland, the failure of the French expeditionary force was the source of great frustration: Wolfe Tone, who was aboard "Indomptable" throughout the voyage, reported that he felt that he could have touched either side of the bay with both hands. Postponing the uprising, Tone continued to rally support in Europe, raising a fleet in the Netherlands for an attempted invasion that ended in destruction at the Battle of Camperdown. In May 1798, a British crackdown arrested the leaders of the United Irishmen in Ireland and provoked the Irish Rebellion. By the time the French had managed to gather a small force and reach Ireland in August, the rebellion was almost over and the inadequate French army, led by Jean Humbert, surrendered in September at the Battle of Ballinamuck. A subsequent invasion attempt the following month also ended in failure, when the invasion squadron was intercepted and defeated at the Battle of Tory Island. Wolfe Tone was captured at the action off Tory Island and committed suicide in prison. His death, combined with military defeat and reprisals against the Irish rebels, ended both the Society of United Irishmen and French invasion plans.

</doc>
<doc id="19817278" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817278" title="Jaroslav Nesvadba">
Jaroslav Nesvadba

Jaroslav Nesvadba (born 5 May 1982) is a Czech footballer who plays for FK Spartak MAS Sezimovo Ústí.
Nesvadba previously played in the Czech Gambrinus liga with FK Jablonec 97 and FK Mladá Boleslav. He had a brief spells in the Russian Premier League with FC Zenit Saint Petersburg and the Croatian First League with NK Inter Zaprešić.

</doc>
<doc id="19817299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817299" title="Xnee">
Xnee

GNU Xnee is a suite of programs that can record, replay and distribute user actions under the X11 environment. It can be used for testing and demonstrating X11 applications.
Within X11 each user input (mouse click or key press) is an X Window System event. Xnee records these events into a file. Later Xnee is used to play the events back from the file and into an X Window System just as though the user were operating the system.
Xnee can also be used to play or "distribute" user input events to two or more machines in parallel.
As the target X Window application sees what appears to be physical user input it has resulted in Xnee being dubbed “"Xnee is Not an Event Emulator".”
As Xnee is free software, it can be modified to handle special tasks. For example, inserting time stamps as part of the playback.

</doc>
<doc id="19817368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817368" title="Elemental (Cesium 137 album)">
Elemental (Cesium 137 album)

Elemental is the second full studio album by the electronic body music/futurepop band, Cesium_137. Released in 2004, it was the first release by the band after a three year break.

</doc>
<doc id="19817369" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817369" title="Phil Wood">
Phil Wood

Phil Wood was a New Zealand triple jump competitor who still holds the current national triple jump record of 16.22m. He won 4 national titles in the triple jump.
External links.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="19817372" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817372" title="Pilas">
Pilas

Pilas can refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19817390" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817390" title="University of Maryland, College Park">
University of Maryland, College Park

The University of Maryland, College Park (often referred to as The University of Maryland, Maryland, UM, UMD, or UMCP) is a public research university located in the city of College Park in Prince George's County, Maryland, approximately from Washington, D.C. Founded in 1856, the University of Maryland is the flagship institution of the University System of Maryland. It is considered a Public Ivy institution. With a fall 2010 enrollment of more than 37,000 students, over 100 undergraduate majors, and 120 graduate programs, Maryland is the largest university in the state and the largest in the Washington Metropolitan Area. It is a member of the Association of American Universities and a founding member of the Atlantic Coast Conference athletic league.
The University of Maryland's proximity to the nation's capital has resulted in strong research partnerships with the Federal government. Many members of the faculty receive research funding and institutional support from agencies such as the National Institutes of Health, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), the National Institute of Standards and Technology, and the Department of Homeland Security.
The operating budget of the University of Maryland in fiscal year 2009 was projected to be approximately US$1.531 billion. For the same fiscal year, the University of Maryland received a total of $518 million in research funding, surpassing its 2008 mark by $117 million. As of May 11, 2012, the university's "Great Expectations" campaign had exceeded $950 million in private donations.
History.
Early history.
On March 6, 1856, the forerunner of today's University of Maryland was chartered as the Maryland Agricultural College. Two years later, Charles Benedict Calvert, a descendant of the Barons Baltimore, fervent believer in agricultural education, and a future U.S. Congressman, purchased of the Riverdale Plantation in College Park for $21,000. Calvert founded the school later that year with money earned by the sale of stock certificates. On October 5, 1859, the first 34 students entered the Maryland Agricultural College, including four of Charles Calvert's sons, George, Charles, William, and Eugene. The keynote speaker on opening day was Joseph Henry, the first Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution.
In July 1862, the same month that the Maryland Agricultural College awarded its first degrees, President Lincoln signed the Morrill Land Grant Act. The legislation provided federal funds to schools that taught agriculture or engineering, or provided military training. Taking advantage of the opportunity, the school became a land grant college in February 1864 after the Maryland legislature voted to approve the Morrill Act.
Civil War.
A few months after accepting the grant, the Maryland Agricultural College proved to be an important site in the Civil War. In April 1864, General Ambrose E. Burnside and 6,000 soldiers of the Union's Ninth Army Corps camped on the MAC campus. The troops were en route to reinforce General Ulysses S. Grant's forces in Virginia.
Later that summer, around 400 Confederate soldiers led by General Bradley T. Johnson stayed on the grounds while preparing to take part in a raid against Washington. A local legend claims that soldiers were warmly welcomed by university President Henry Onderdonk, a Confederate sympathizer, and that the cavalrymen were thrown a party on the campus nicknamed "The Old South Ball." The next morning the soldiers rode off to cut the lines of communication between Washington and Baltimore.
Financial problems forced the increasingly desperate administrators to sell off of land, and the continuing decline in student enrollment sent the Maryland Agricultural College into bankruptcy. For the next two years the campus was used as a boys preparatory school.
Following the Civil War, the Maryland legislature pulled the college out of bankruptcy, and in February 1866 assumed half ownership of the school. The college thus became in part a state institution. George Washington Custis Lee, son of Confederate General Robert E. Lee, was appointed president of the college by the Board of Trustees, but due to public outcry declined the position. By October 1867, the school reopened with 11 students. In the next six years, enrollment continued to grow, and the school's debt was finally paid off. Twenty years later, the school's reputation as a research institution began, as the federally funded Agricultural Experiment Station was established there. During the same period, a number of state laws granted the college regulatory powers in several areas—including controlling farm disease, inspecting feed, establishing a state weather bureau and geological survey, and housing the board of forestry.
In 1888, the college began its first official intercollegiate baseball games against rivals St. John's College and the United States Naval Academy. Baseball, however, had been played at the college for decades before the first "official" games were recorded. The first fraternity chapter at Maryland, the Eta chapter of Phi Sigma Kappa, was established in 1897, and Morrill Hall (the oldest instructional building still in use on campus) was built the following year.
The Great Fire of 1912.
On November 29, 1912, around 10:30 pm, a fire, probably due to faulty electric wiring, broke out in the attic of the newest administration building, where a Thanksgiving dance was being held. The approximately eighty students on the premises evacuated themselves safely, and then formed a makeshift bucket brigade. The fire departments summoned from nearby Hyattsville and Washington, D.C., arrived too late. Fanned by a strong southwest wind, the fire destroyed the barracks where the students were housed, all the school's records, and most of the academic buildings, leaving only Morrill Hall untouched. The loss was estimated at $250,000 (about $5.8 million in 2012 U.S. dollars) despite no injuries or fatalities. The devastation was so great that many never expected the university to reopen. University President Richard Silvester resigned, brokenhearted.
However, the students refused to give up. All but two returned to the university after the break and insisted on classes continuing as usual. Students were housed by families in neighboring towns who were compensated by the university until housing could be rebuilt, although a new administration building was not built until the 1940s.
A large brick and concrete compass inlaid in the ground designates the former center of campus as it existed in 1912. Lines engraved in the compass point to each building that was destroyed in the Thanksgiving Day fire. The intersection of the lines on the compass are known as "The Point of Failure". A well-known legend holds that any student who walks upon the "point of failure" will not graduate.
Modern history.
The state took complete control of the school in 1916, and consequently the institution was renamed Maryland State College. Also that year, the first female students enrolled at the school. On April 9, 1920, the college merged with the established professional schools in Baltimore to form the University of Maryland. The graduate school on the College Park campus awarded its first PhD degrees, and the University's enrollment reached 500 students in the same year. In 1925 the University was accredited by the Association of American Universities.
During World War II, Maryland was one of 131 colleges and universities nationally that took part in the V-12 Navy College Training Program which offered students a path to a Navy commission.
By the time the first black students enrolled at the University in 1951, enrollment had grown to nearly 10,000 students—4,000 of whom were women. Prior to 1951, many black students in Maryland were enrolled at the University of Maryland, Eastern Shore, which was almost shut down in 1947 due to lack of access, low quality education, and the fear among some black and white leaders that Eastern Shore was allowed to remain a college by the Regents of the University of Maryland solely to keep black students in segregated, inferior institutions.
In 1957 President Wilson H. Elkins made a push to increase academic standards at the University. His efforts resulted in the creation of one of the first Academic Probation Plans. The first year the plan went into effect, 1,550 students (18% of the total student body) faced expulsion. Since then, academic standards at the school have steadily risen. Recognizing the improvement in academics, Phi Beta Kappa established a chapter at the university in 1964. In 1969, the university was elected to the Association of American Universities. The school continued to grow, and by the fall of 1985 reached an enrollment of 38,679. Like many colleges during the Vietnam War, the university was the site of student protests and had curfews enforced by the National Guard.
In a massive 1988 restructuring of the state higher education system, the school was designated as the flagship campus of the newly formed University System of Maryland and was formally named University of Maryland, College Park. However, in 1997 the Maryland General Assembly passed legislation allowing the University of Maryland, College Park, to be known simply as the University of Maryland, recognizing the campus' role as the flagship institution of the University System of Maryland.
The other University System of Maryland institutions with the name "University of Maryland" are not satellite campuses of the University of Maryland, College Park, and are not referred to as such. The University of Maryland, Baltimore, is the only other school permitted to confer certain degrees that state, simply "University of Maryland". This is because the Baltimore school offers primarily graduate degrees in disciplines not taught in College Park, such as nursing, dentistry, law, and medicine. The relationship between the University of Maryland, College Park, and the University of Maryland, Baltimore, is akin to the relationship of the University of California, Berkeley, to the University of California, San Francisco (UCSF), which also primarily offers graduate programs that Berkeley does not provide.
21st century.
On September 24, 2001, a tornado struck the College Park campus, killing two female students and causing $15 million in damage to 12 buildings. That same year brought the opening of the Clarice Smith Performing Arts Center, the largest single building ever constructed by the State of Maryland, which replaced Tawes Theatre as the premier fine arts center on campus.
In 2004, the university began constructing the "M Square Research Park," which is the largest research park inside the Capital Beltway, and includes facilities affiliated with the U.S. Department of Defense, Food and Drug Administration, and the new National Center for Weather and Climate Prediction, affiliated with The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA).
The university launched its 7-year campaign to raise $1 billion via private donations, called "Great Expectations," in 2006. The university published a new 10-year strategic plan in 2008, which includes plans for the East Campus Redevelopment Project which would bring, among other things, on-campus graduate student housing and a state-of-the-art music and entertainment center to campus.
In May 2010, ground was broken on a new $128-million, Physical Science Complex, including an ARRA-funded advanced quantum science laboratory, which the university hopes will be the premier facility for such research in the world.
The university's administration has recently become embroiled in the debate over the construction of a light-rail line through campus which would give the University another link to the DC Metro System. On August 16, 2010, Wallace Loh, the Provost of the University of Iowa, was named President of the University effective November 1.
Academics.
Profile.
The University of Maryland offers 127 undergraduate degrees and 112 graduate degrees in thirteen different colleges and schools:
Undergraduate education is centered around both a student's chosen academic program and the selection of core coursework to fulfill general education requirements. For Spring 2010, the average undergraduate GPA for women was 3.22 and 3.05 for undergraduate men.
Programs.
The university hosts "Living and Learning" programs which allow students with similar academic interests to live in the same residential community, take specialized courses, and perform research in those areas of expertise. An example is the University Honors College, which is geared towards students with exceptional academic talents. The Honors College welcomes students into a community of faculty and intellectually gifted undergraduates committed to acquiring a broad and balanced education. The Honors College offers seven living and learning programs: Advanced Cyber Security, Digital Cultures & Creativity, Entrepreneurship and Innovation, Honors Humanities, Gemstone, Integrated Life Sciences, and University Honors.
Digital Cultures and Creativity (DCC) is one of the six University of Maryland living and learning honors programs offered to incoming honors-level students. Started in 2009, the program is currently directed by technologically focused, interdisciplinary artist Hasan Elahi and run by distinguished faculty and graduate students. DCC students are housed in Queen Annes Hall and take a 16 credit, 2 year interdisciplinary curriculum centered on digital culture and innovative thinking in the digital world.
Entrepreneurship and Innovation Program (EIP) is a living and learning honors program for Honors College freshmen and sophomores with an interdisciplinary, living and learning education to help build the entrepreneurial mindsets, skill sets, and relationships invaluable to developing innovative, impactful solutions to today's problems. Through experiential learning, dynamic courses, seminars, workshops, competitions, and volunteerism, students receive a world-class education in entrepreneurship and innovation. In collaboration with faculty and mentors who have successfully launched new ventures, all student teams develop an innovative idea and write a product plan.
Honors Humanities is the University of Maryland’s honors program for talented beginning undergraduates with interests in the humanities and creative arts. The selective two-year living-learning program combines a small liberal arts college environment with the dynamic resources of a large research university.
The Gemstone Program at the University of Maryland is a multidisciplinary four-year research program for select undergraduate honors students of all majors. Under guidance of faculty mentors and Gemstone staff, teams of students design, direct and conduct research, often but not exclusively exploring the interdependence of science and technology with society.
The Integrated Life Sciences (ILS) Program at the University of Maryland seeks to engage and inspire honors students interested in all aspects of biological research and biomedicine. The College of Computer, Mathematical, and Natural Sciences has partnered with the Honors College to create the ILS program, which offers nationally recognized innovations in the multidisciplinary training of life science and pre-medical students. The overall objective of the ILS experience is to prepare students for future successes in the most challenging programs in graduate, medical, dental, or other professional schools.
University Honors is the largest living-learning program in the Honors College and allows students the greatest independence in shaping their education. University Honors welcomes students into a close-knit community of the University’s top faculty and intellectually gifted undergraduates committed to acquiring a broad and balanced education. Students choose from over 130 engaging seminars exploring interdisciplinary topics in three broad areas: Contemporary Issues and Challenges, Arts and Sciences in Today's World, and Using the World as a Classroom.
The College Park Scholars programs are two-year living-learning programs for first- and second-year students. Students are selected to enroll in one of 12 thematic programs: Arts; Business, Society, and the Economy; Environment, Technology, and Economy; Global Public Health; International Studies; Life Sciences; Media, Self, and Society; Public Leadership; Science and Global Change; Science, Discovery, and the Universe; Science, Technology, and Society. Students live together in dorms located in the Cambridge Community on North Campus.
The nation's first living-learning entrepreneurship program, "Hinman CEOs", is geared toward students who are interested in starting their own business. Students from all academic disciplines live together and are provided the resources to explore new business ventures.
The QUEST (Quality Enhancement Systems and Teams) Honors Fellows Program engages undergraduate students from business, engineering, and computer, mathematical, and physical sciences. QUEST Students participate in courses focused on cross-functional collaboration, innovation, quality management, and teamwork. The Department of Civil & Environmental Engineering (CEE) has also been long considered an outstanding engineering division of the university since its inception in 1908.
Other living-learning programs include: CIVICUS, a two-year program in the College of Behavioral and Social Sciences based on the five principles of civil society; Global Communities, a program that immerses students in a diverse culture (students from all over the world live in a community), and the Language House, which allows students pursuing language courses to live and practice with other students learning the same language.
Faculty.
The university's faculty has included four Nobel Prize laureates. The earliest recipient, Juan Ramón Jiménez, was a professor of Spanish language and literature and won the 1956 prize for literature. Four decades later, physics professor William Daniel Phillips won the prize in physics for his contributions to laser cooling, a technique to slow the movement of gaseous atoms in 1997. In 2005, professor emeritus of economics and public policy Thomas Schelling was awarded the prize in economics for his contributions to game theory. In 2006, adjunct professor of physics and senior astrophysicist at NASA John C. Mather was awarded the prize in physics alongside George Smoot for their work in the discovery of blackbody form and anisotropy of the cosmic microwave background radiation. In addition, two University of Maryland alumni are Nobel Prize laureates; Herbert Hauptman won the 1985 prize in chemistry and Raymond Davis Jr. won the 2002 prize in physics.
The University also has many notable academics in other fields of science. Professor of mathematics Sergei Novikov won the Fields Medal in 1970 followed by alumnus Charles Fefferman in 1978. Alumnus George Dantzig won the 1975 National Medal of Science for his work in the field of linear programming. Professor of physics Michael Fisher won the Wolf Prize in 1980 (together with Kenneth G. Wilson and Leo Kadanoff) and the IUPAP Boltzmann Medal in 1983. James A. Yorke, a Distinguished University Professor of Mathematics and Physics and chair of the Mathematics Department won the 2003 Japan Prize for his work in chaotic systems.
Research.
On October 14, 2004, the university added in an attempt to create the largest research park inside the Washington, D.C., Capital Beltway, known as "M Square." The university completed construction on a new Bioscience Research Building on campus in May 2007. The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) is presently constructing the new National Center for Weather and Climate Prediction on site in M Square. It is scheduled to be completed in early 2009. The University's Physics Department constructed, operates, and maintains the world's largest isochronous synchrocyclotron.
The University of Maryland's location near Washington, D.C. has created strong research partnerships, especially with government agencies. Many of the faculty members have funding from federal agencies such as the National Science Foundation, the National Institutes of Health,
NASA, the Department of Homeland Security, the National Institute of Standards and Technology, and the National Security Agency. These relationships have created numerous research opportunities for the university including: *taking the lead in the nationwide research initiative into the transmission and prevention of human and avian influenza
The University of Maryland Libraries provide access to and assistance in the use of the scholarly information resources required to meet the education, research and service missions of the University.
The Center for American Politics and Citizenship provides citizens and policy-makers with research on critical issues related to the United States' political institutions, processes, and policies. CAPC is a non-partisan, non-profit research institution within the Department of Government and Politics in the College of Behavioral and Social Sciences.
The Space Systems Laboratory researches human-robotic interaction for astronautics applications, and includes the only neutral buoyancy facility at a university.
The Center for Technology and Systems Management (CTSM) has the mission to advance the state of the art of technology and systems analysis for the benefit of people and the environment. The focus has been always on enhancing safety, efficiency and effectiveness by performing reliability, risk, uncertainty or decision analysis studies.
The Joint Global Change Research Institute was formed in 2001 by the University of Maryland and the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory. The institute focuses on multidisciplinary approaches of climate change research.
The Center for Advanced Life Cycle Engineering (CALCE) was formed in 1985 at the University of Maryland. CALCE is dedicated to providing a knowledge and resource base to support the development of competitive electronic components, products and systems.
Admissions.
Admittance to the University of Maryland has become highly selective. According to the 2011 US News and World Report, Maryland is rated "Most Selective" with a 41.9 percent acceptance rate. The university regularly receives about 26,000 applications a year for a freshman class of 4,000, along with 6,500 transfer applications for 2,000 available transfer spots.
The incoming class for 2012 has a middle 50% SAT of 1250–1400 and average GPA of 4.11.
Rankings.
The University is ranked 62nd in the 2014 "U.S. News and World Report" rankings of "National Universities" across the United States, and it is ranked 21st nationally among public universities. 29 undergraduate and graduate programs are ranked in the top 10 and 90 programs are in the top 25.
The Academic Ranking of World Universities compiled by the Shanghai Jiao Tong University ranked Maryland as 38th in the world in 2012. The 2012-2013 Times Higher Education World University Rankings placed Maryland 97th in the world. The 2012 QS World University Rankings placed Maryland 117th in the world.
Campus.
Description.
The campus of University of Maryland is noted for its red-brick Georgian buildings and its large central lawn, named McKeldin Mall. White columns decorate many buildings, with around 770 columns existing on campus. Spanning the university's are over 7,500 documented trees and special garden plantings, leading the American Public Gardens Association to designate the campus the University of Maryland Arboretum & Botanical Garden in 2008. This designation has allowed the university to showcase interesting species and specific gardens, including extensive native plantings. There are multiple arboretum tours, such as the centralized Tree Walking Tour which is based around McKeldin Mall and features 56 specimen trees.
Additionally, there are nearly of urban forest located on campus and the National Arbor Day Foundation has named the university to its 'Tree Campus USA' list. The recreational Paint Branch Trail, part of the Anacostia Tributary Trails system, cuts through campus, as does the Paint Branch stream, a tributary of the Northeast Branch Anacostia River.
McKeldin Mall serves as the center of campus. On the east and west ends of McKeldin Mall lie the Main Administration Building and McKeldin Library. Academic buildings surround McKeldin Mall on the north and south ends, and are the homes to many departments in the College of Behavioral and Social Sciences, College of Arts and Humanities, and the College of Agriculture and Natural Resources. West of McKeldin Mall is the North Hill Community, and south of McKeldin Mall lies Morrill Hall and the Morrill Quad, which was the original center of campus. South of the Morrill Quad are the South Hill and South Campus Commons Communities, and to the southwest is the Southwest Mall and the Robert H. Smith School of Business. Running parallel to McKeldin Mall to the north is Campus Drive, the main thoroughfare through campus. The Adele H. Stamp Student Union sits along Campus Drive near the center of campus, and serves as a transit center for campus, where Shuttle-UM (the university's bus service) and municipal buses pick up and drop off passengers. Hornbake Plaza home to Hornbake Library and several buildings housing academic departments also lies on Campus Drive, east of Stamp.
Outside of the Stamp Student Union on Campus Drive is the Jim Henson Statue and Memorial Garden, in honor of the late Jim Henson, a Maryland alum. A likeness of Henson is seated on a park bench, facing arguably his most famous creation, Kermit the Frog. To the north and northwest of Stamp and Hornbake Plaza are the North Campus communities, Byrd Stadium, the Eppley Recreation Center (the main gym on campus), the Comcast Center, and the Wooded Hillock, a forest located next to the Comcast Center; Stadium Drive runs between the more southern Byrd Stadium and the rest of the these. The Clarice Smith Performing Arts Center sits to the west of Byrd Stadium. Another thoroughfare, Regents Drive, runs perpendicular to McKeldin Mall and is home to the iconic Memorial Chapel and the Campus Farms. Regents Drive crosses Campus Drive at the campus hallmark "M" Circle, which is a traffic circle with a large "M" formed by flowers in its center. The northeast quadrant of campus, formed by Campus and Regent Drives, is home to many of natural sciences and applied sciences departments. The university is also divided by U.S. Route 1, known locally as "Baltimore Avenue." While most of campus lies to the west of Baltimore Avenue, fixtures such as fraternity row and the Leonardtown Communities lie to the east. Sitting on the western edge of Baltimore Avenue are the Visitors' Center, also known as The Dairy, The Reckord Armory, and The Rossborough Inn, which, built during the years of 1798 to 1812, is the oldest building on campus (and is older than the university itself). There are five regularly used entrances to campus; the main entrance, off of Baltimore Avenue and onto Campus Drive, is referred to as North Gate and features The Gatehouse, an ornate gateway honoring the university's founders. The , 18-hole University of Maryland Golf Course sits at the northern edge of campus, as does the Observatory. The campus is also home to one of the Root Servers, responsible with operating DNS.
The campus is located away from Fort Meade which houses the headquarters of the National Security Agency.
Sustainability.
The four-person Office of Sustainability was created in summer 2007 after University President Dan Mote became charter signatory of the American College and Universities Presidents Climate Commitment (ACUPCC) with the goal of campus climate neutrality. The Climate Action Plan Work Group completed an inventory of campus emissions from 2002 to 2007, and finalized a Climate Action Plan in August 2009. According to the university’s Climate Action Plan, Maryland aims to become carbon neutral by 2050. All new constructions and major renovations must satisfy LEED-Silver certification requirements. The office has promoted several initiatives, including an increase in the recycling rate from 37% to a 54% recycling rate in 2008, due in part to the "Feed the Turtle" program for home football games. Power Shift, a national youth climate activism summit, was held at the University of Maryland in November 2007 with 6,000 individuals in attendance.
The university's first Leed Gold building, Knight Hall, opened in April 2010 as the new home for the Philip Merrill College of Journalism. The university added solar panels in the spring of 2010 to the roof of "The Diner" dining hall in North Campus, and plans to add solar panels to the roof of Cole Field House, as well as additional campus buildings in the near future. The university's announced state-of-the-art Physical Sciences Complex (set to be completed in July 2013) will meet LEED-Silver certification requirements.
In 2008, the Office of Sustainability started the Sustainability Advisors program, in which teachers invite a peer educator to give a lecture covering important sustainability concepts.
The Office of Sustainability began an initiative called “The Chesapeake Project” in 2009, in which professors integrate sustainability education into pre-existing classes across every discipline. Participating professors must attend a two-day workshop in late May to learn about environmental, economic, and social sustainability. All participants receive a $500 stipend. By the end of summer, workshop participants must submit a revised course plan for at least one course offered the following academic year. Since the inaugural workshop in 2009, 71 professors have participated in the program, implementing sustainability education into over 80 courses across all 12 colleges at the school.
Starting in 2010, the University System of Maryland and the Department of General Services began three projects that were to be continued for the next twenty years. The three projects included: a solar project in Mount St. Mary's University, a wind project in Western Maryland, and another wind project in West Virginia. The first of these projects, the solar project, is a 16 megawatt project. The first wind project is 10 megawatts, and the second is 55 megawatts. These projects will allow the University to receive 15 percent of their purchased energy from these renewable energy resources. Also in 2010, the university's dining hall, Ellicott Dining Hall, installed solar panels which would provide up to 30 percent of the energy for water heating in the dining hall. To do this the university installed: "20 panels with 3 solar storage tanks, pumps, temperature sensors, and controls." The system will increasingly provide more of the dining hall's water needs due to the storage tanks.
In 2011, Maryland’s team won the Solar Decathlon, a competition put on by the U.S. Department of Energy. The team designed and built a solar-powered home with a split butterfly roof in a project called “WaterShed." The house was “inspired and guided by the Chesapeake Bay ecosystem, interconnecting the house with its landscape, and leading its dwellers toward a more sustainable lifestyle,” according to their website. Over 200 students contributed to the project. Maryland’s design beat out submissions from 20 other universities from all over the world, including China, New Zealand, Belgium, and Canada.
On December 2, 2011 the University Senate approved the implementation of a sustainability minor. Students could begin working towards the minor during the spring semester of that academic year, as the minor uses classes that are already offered. The minor is 15 credits.
Maryland also promotes the use of reusable to-go containers at the dining hall, or OZZI containers, since the official launching of the program in August 2011 Students pay a $5 fee to initially use the container, but receive a coin when they return it to the dispenser. With the coin, the use of the container is cost-free.
In January 2011, Maryland installed occupancy sensors in nearly all of the 300 general-purpose classrooms. These occupancy sensors automatically turn off the lights after 30 minutes if there is no motion in a room. The project is estimated to cut energy consumption by 30 percent and save the university $100,000 annually.
In 2012, the University Sustainability fund granted $130,000 to projects that promote sustainability. The money was generated from an $8 mandatory sustainability fee, a fee that will increase to $12 by 2014. Mark Stewart, Project Manager at the Office of Sustainability, expects the fund to grow to $300,000 by 2013.
On May 2, 2012 the Wellness Coalition hosted its first Farmers Market at Maryland, a weekly tradition that supplies produce from farms in Maryland, Pennsylvania, and Virginia. Its first day saw over 1,000 visitors.
Student life.
Residential life.
There are two main residential areas on campus, North Campus and South Campus, which are further divided into a total of seven residential communities. North Campus is made up of Cambridge Community (which consists of five residence halls), Denton Community (which currently consists of four halls, including Oakland hall which opened in the fall semester of 2011), and Ellicott Community (consisting of three halls). South Campus includes the North Hill Community, made up of nine Georgian-style halls located immediately west of McKeldin Mall, South Hill Community, made up of fourteen small residence halls for upperclassmen, Leonardtown Community, which offers apartment-style living and is further divided into Old Leonardtown (consisting of six buildings) and New Leonardtown (also consisting of six buildings), the South Campus Commons Community, which consists of seven apartment-style buildings (the seventh and most recent building being opened in January 2010), and the Courtyards, a garden style apartment community in north campus consisting of seven buildings. The South Campus Commons Community and Courtyards, while built on campus, are managed by a private company, Capstone On-Campus Management, as part of a public-private partnership between the company and the University of Maryland.
The university does not have family housing. As of 2011 some students with families have advocated for the addition of family housing.
Residential life is overseen by the Department of Resident Life, which consists of a hierarchical structure of staff members and many individual departments. For instance, Resident assistants, who are full-time undergraduates facilitating the student interaction and development of floors within their assigned floor, building, or community, are supervised by Resident directors. The Department of Resident Life offers its residents and other students many programs, including the Math Success Program, Academic Success Program, Common Ground Dialogue Program, and many Living and Learning programs.
For students living in the residence halls, the Department seeks to encourage a multicultural experience through its Multicultural Philosophy. This philosophy emphasizes that all of the residents should feel that they belong to within residence hall and within the University of Maryland as a whole regardless of their diverse backgrounds (e.g. race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, religion, disability/ability, etc.).
Dining.
There are two main dining halls on campus: The Diner is located in the Ellicott Community, and the South Campus Dining Hall is located near the South Hill and South Campus Commons communities. Located in the Denton Community, 251 North is the third dining hall on campus and features the first all-you-can-eat style dining experience on campus. A food court in the Stamp Student Union provides a plethora of dining options for the university community. There are a wide array of fast-food chain restaurants that students can purchase food from using their Terp Bucks. The selection includes Sbarro Pizza, McDonald's, Moby Dick House of Kabob, Subway, Taco Bell, Chick-fil-A, Panda Express and a newly added (2012) Auntie Anne's Pretzels. Additionally, twelve cafés are located throughout campus as are five convenience stores (known as "shops"). Two restaurants exists on campus: Adele's Restaurant in the Stamp Student Union and Mulligan's Grill and Pub, located on the University of Maryland Golf Course.
Transportation.
A free shuttle service, known as Shuttle-UM, is available for all UMD students, faculty, and staff. The university is served by an off-campus stop on the Washington DC Metro Green Line called College Park – University of Maryland. The station is also served by the Camden Line of the MARC train, which runs between Baltimore and Washington. A Shuttle-UM bus (Route 104) arrives at the metro station every five minutes during fall and spring semesters (every ten minutes during the summer) to bring all visitors to campus (currently stopping in front of the Stamp Student Union). The DC Metrobus and the Prince George's County TheBus bus services also stop on campus. There is an additional service called Nite Ride which is a curb-to-curb service offered every night from 5:30 pm to 7:30 am. This service is designed to serve the areas of campus that are not included on the evening service routes.
In addition, beginning in early 2012, Prince George's County TheBus bus services were made free of charge to all University of Maryland Students and Staff.
Over 21,000 parking spaces are on campus, in numerous parking lots and garages. Zipcar service is also available on campus for all UMD students, faculty, and staff.
The university has been attempting to make the campus more bike-friendly by installing covered bike parking and bike lockers on campus, introducing a bike-sharing program, and plans to add more bike lanes on campus. As of Spring 2011, the University has stayed committed to encouraging bicycling on campus by installing covered bike storage outside of the newly built Oakland dorm as well as security lockers in the Mowatt Lane Garage. In addition to increased storage options, the University runs the Campus Bike Shop where students can get their bikes repaired and learn how to maintain them on their own. The installation of one or more light-rail stops on campus as a part of metropolitan Washington's proposed Purple Line is an ongoing debate.
"The Diamondback".
"The Diamondback" is the independent student newspaper of the University of Maryland. It was founded in 1910 as "The Triangle" and renamed in 1921 in honor of a local reptile, the Diamondback terrapin, which became the official school mascot in 1933. The newspaper is published daily Monday through Friday during the Spring and Fall semesters, with a print circulation of 17,000 and annual advertising revenues of over $1 million. It has four sections: News, Opinion, Sports, and Diversions.
For the 2008–2009 school year, "The Diamondback" earned a Mark of Excellence award from the Society of Professional Journalists, placing second nationally for Best All-Around Daily Student Newspaper and first in its region in the same category. Three years earlier the newspaper had finished third place nationally for Best All-Around Daily Student Newspaper and first in its region. Notable journalists who have been with "The Diamondback" include David Simon of HBO's "The Wire" and NBC's "Homicide: Life on the Street", disgraced Jayson Blair, who was editor-in-chief in 1996 (Blair did not graduate, instead taking a job with The New York Times); Norman Chad, who was editor-in-chief in 1978; cartoonists Jeff Kinney, who created the "Diary of a Wimpy Kid" fiction series and whose "Igdoof" strip appeared in "The Diamondback"; Aaron McGruder, who first published his cartoon "The Boondocks" in "The Diamondback"; and Frank Cho, who began his career with the popular "University Squared" for The Diamondback.
WMUC-FM.
WMUC-FM (88.1 FM) is the university's non-commercial radio station, staffed entirely by UMD students and volunteers. WMUC is a freeform radio station that broadcasts at 10 watts. Its broadcasts can be heard throughout the Washington metropolitan area. Notable WMUC alumni include Connie Chung, Bonnie Bernstein, and Aaron McGruder.
Greek life.
About 14% of men and 17% of women in Maryland's undergraduate student body are involved in Greek life. Many of the fraternities and sororities at the school are located on Fraternity Row and the Graham Cracker, which are controlled by the University. Fraternity Row is the background of several recently produced films.
All social Greek organizations are governed by one of four groups: the Inter-Fraternity Council, the Panhellenic Association, the Pan-Hellenic Council, or the United Greek Council. All cultural Greek organizations are governed by the United Greek Council. These councils assist in the creation and governance of chapter by-laws, risk management plans, and philanthropic activities, with support from the Department of Fraternity and Sorority Life. Each year, every Greek organization must fulfill certain requirements, including doing a service and conducting a program/event related to community service, diversity, or alumni and faculty outreach.
Athletics.
The university sponsors varsity athletic teams in 17 men's and women's sports. The teams, named the "Terrapins", represent Maryland in National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I competition. Maryland became a founding member of the Atlantic Coast Conference in 1952. As of December 2010, Maryland's athletic teams have been awarded 38 national championships by the NCAA, USILA, AIAW, and NCA. In 2008 and 2010, "The Princeton Review" named the University of Maryland's athletic facilities the best in the nation. The Terrapins nickname (often shortened to "Terps") was coined by former university president, football coach, and athletic director H. C. "Curly" Byrd in 1932. The mascot is a diamondback terrapin named "Testudo", which is Latin for "tortoise." Since the early 20th century, the school athletic colors have been some combination of those on the Maryland state flag: red, white, black, and gold.
Beyond the two "revenue sports," the university fields 15 other varsity teams. Maryland men's lacrosse remains one of the sport's top programs since its beginnings as a squad in 1865, although it last won the national championship in 1975. The team has secured ten USILA and NCAA national championships since its promotion to varsity status in 1924, and is a regular fixture in the NCAA tournament. The women's lacrosse team has the most national championships of any program in the nation, including most recently in 2010. The women's basketball team rose to prominence in the 2000s (decade), and head coach Brenda Frese guided the Lady Terps to their first NCAA title in 2006. The men' soccer team has reached six Final Fours since 1997 under the guidance of head coach Sasho Cirovski, and captured the College Cup in 2005 and 2008. The soccer team has developed a devoted and large fan base of both students and local community members. The rowdy group of students named, "The Crew" pride themselves on their dedication to the team and skills at distracting the opposing goalie. At Ludwig field, stands are secured behind each goal allowing The Crew to continuously mock and ridicule the opposing goalie the entire game. In 2008, the fan record at Ludwig field was set at 6,500 when MD took on ACC opponent, Wake Forest. Under the encouragement of The Crew and head coach, the total year attendance has increased dramatically since 1995. In 1995 the total attendance was 12, 710. By 2008, the yearly attendance was to 35, 631. The women's field hockey team has secured seven NCAA championships. The Maryland wrestling team was dominant in the ACC throughout the 1950s and 1960s and returned to claim two more conference titles in the late 2000s (decade).
The Mighty Sound of Maryland marching band attends all home football games and provides pre-game performances. During the basketball season, the marching band becomes the University of Maryland Pep Band, which provides music in the stands at men's and women's home games and during tournament play.
As a result of budget cuts, on November 21, 2011, University President Wallace Loh said he supported a committee's recommendation to cut funding for six of the athletic programs which would eliminate eight teams. However, the president did show support for "Save the Programs Campaign" which was a program giving teams a chance to raise 8 years of total program costs by June 30, 2012. If the funds were not raised, all eight teams would be cut on July 1, 2012. The affected teams were men's cross country, indoor track, and outdoor track, men's swimming and diving, men's tennis, women's acrobatics and tumbling, women's swimming and diving, and women's water polo. On July 1, 2012, the University officially cut 7 of those teams. The men’s outdoor track team needed to raise $940,000 and managed to raise $888,000, which was deemed close enough that it was not cut.
On November 19, 2012, the University of Maryland's Board of Regents voted to withdraw from the ACC to join the Big Ten Conference effective in 2014.
Testudo.
In 1932, Curley Byrd—who served as the university's football and baseball coach, athletic director, and president—proposed adopting the diamondback terrapin as a mascot. The first statue of Testudo cast in bronze was donated by the Class of 1933 and displayed on Baltimore Avenue in front of Ritchie Coliseum. However, the 300-pound sculpture was subjected to vandalism by visiting college athletic teams. One such incident occurred in 1947 when students from Johns Hopkins University stole the bronze statue and moved it to their campus. Maryland students traveled to Baltimore to retrieve it, laying siege to the house where it was hidden. Over 200 city police responded to quell the riot. In 1949, University President Byrd was awakened by a phone call from a University of Virginia fraternity requesting that Testudo be removed from their lawn. Testudo was later filled with 700 pounds of cement and fastened to his pedestal to prevent future removals, but students at rival schools continued to vandalize it. It was moved to Byrd Stadium in 1951. In the 1960s, Testudo was moved back to a spot in front of McKeldin Library. Some passersby consider it good luck to rub the statue, which has given its nose a shiny appearance. During finals week, students traditionally leave "offerings" to the statue for good luck.
In 1992 a duplicate statue was placed at Byrd Stadium, where the football team touch it for good luck as they pass by before games. Additional Testudo statues now sit outside of the Gossett Team House near the stadium; Comcast Center, the school's basketball arena; the Riggs Alumni Center; and in the lobby of the Adele H. Stamp Student Union. In 1994, the Maryland General Assembly approved legislation to name the diamondback terrapin ("malaclemys terrapin terrapin") as the official state reptile and the legally codified mascot of the University of Maryland. Beginning in the 2000s, the university promoted the slogan, "Fear the Turtle" as a rallying cry for school pride.
Notable people.
University attendees have achieved fame or notability across a variety of disciplines. Famous alumni include House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer; Google co-founder Sergey Brin; The Muppets creator Jim Henson; "The Wire" creator David Simon, and Seinfeld co-creator Larry David.
Prominent alumni in business include Jim Walton (journalist), President and CEO of CNN;
Kevin Plank, founder of the athletic apparel company Under Armour; Leonard Kevin "Len" Bias was a first team All-American college basketball forward; Chris Kubasik, former President of Lockheed Martin; Carly Fiorina, former CEO of Hewlett-Packard; Paula Kerger, President and CEO of the Public Broadcasting System (PBS); Telecommunications entrepreneur Brian Hinman, Hamad Al Sayari, Former governor of the Saudi Arabian Central Bank (Saudi Arabia Monetary Agency); and Hugo Santana CEO of IBM Mexico.
Television personality Connie Chung; E! News reporter Giuliana Rancic graduated with a bachelors degree from the Philip Merrill College of Journalism. ESPN reporters Bonnie Bernstein and Tim Kurkjian graduated from the Philip Merrill College of Journalism. Scott Van Pelt, also of ESPN, attended the Phillip Merrill College of Journalism, but finished a few credits short of graduation.
Journalist Carl Bernstein, who won the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service for his coverage of the Watergate scandal, attended the University but also did not graduate. Mark Rosenker, Former Chairman of the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) and now CBS NEWS Transportation Safety Analyst graduated with a bachelors of arts in radio and television.
Kiran Chetry, co-host of CNN's American Morning, graduated with a bachelors of arts in broadcast journalism.
Heidi Collins of CNN Newsroom graduated with a bachelors of science. Former Maryland governor Harry R. Hughes also attended. Gayle King, editor-at-large for "O, The Oprah Magazine", graduated from Maryland with a degree in psychology. Television show host Bruce DePuyt, host of News Talk on NewsChannel8 graduated from Phillip Merrill College of Journalism.
Attendees within the fields of science and mathematics are: Nobel Laureates Raymond Davis Jr., 2002 winner in Physics; Herbert Hauptman, 1985 winner in Chemistry, and Fields Medal winner Charles Fefferman. Other alumni include George Dantzig, considered the father of linear programming; late NASA astronaut Judith Resnik, who died in the destruction of the Space Shuttle Challenger during the launch of mission STS-51-L; engineer James S. Albus, founder of a division at the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST); and NASA Administrator Michael D. Griffin.
Several donors have distinguished themselves for their sizable gifts to the University. Businessman Robert H. Smith, who graduated from the university in 1950 with a degree in accounting, has given over $45 million to the business school that now bears his name, and to the Clarice Smith Performing Arts Center, which bears his wife's name. Construction entrepreneur A. James Clark, who graduated with an engineering degree in 1950, has also donated over $45 million to the college of engineering, which also bears his name. Another engineering donor, Jeong H. Kim, earned his PhD from the university in 1991 and gave $5 million for the construction of a state-of-the-art engineering building. Philip Merrill, a media figure, donated $10 million to the College of Journalism.
Robert E. Fischell, physicist, inventor, and holder of more than 200 U.S. and foreign medical patents donated $30 million to the A. James Clark School of Engineering, establishing the Fischell Department of Bioengineering.
In addition, the University of Maryland has a number of executive trustees which are elected and have extensive professional backgrounds.
Filmography.
The University of Maryland, College Park Campus has been featured in several films.

</doc>
<doc id="19817427" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817427" title="Rover's Big Chance">
Rover's Big Chance

"Rover's Big Chance" is a 1942 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Herbert Glazer. It was the 208th "Our Gang" short (209th episode, 120th talking short, 121st talking episode, and 40th MGM produced episode) that was released.
Plot.
Future film star Stephen McNally (here billed as Horace McNally) appears in this Our Gang episode as Bill Patterson, ace director at Mammoth Studios. On the say-so of studio casting director J.D. Broderick, Patterson agrees to give a screen test to the Our Gang kids' talented dog Rover. Alas, the petulant pooch does not take direction well, nor does he respond positively when the cameraman announces that he's "ready to shoot." 

</doc>
<doc id="19817443" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817443" title="Ronald Spelbos">
Ronald Spelbos

Ronald Spelbos (born 8 July 1954 in Utrecht) is a Dutch former football player and manager. He played central central defense. He earned 21 caps for the Netherlands, scoring a goal in his last international, against Cyprus on October 28, 1987 in a 8-0 win that was later annulled because of crowd violence. He was a candidate to be selected for the Dutch team in the 1988 European Championships, but suffered a knee injury which ended his career.

</doc>
<doc id="19817446" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817446" title="Kapuzinerberg">
Kapuzinerberg

Kapuzinerberg is a hill on the eastern bank of Salzach river in Salzburg, Salzburgerland, Austria.
Height.
It is elevated 640 meters above sea level.
History.
It is home to a Capucines cloister built in 1599-1605 on the site of a medieval fortress, the "Trompeterschlössl".
Earliest human settlements on the eastern slope of Kapuzinerberg date back to neolithic period. Big prehistoric settlements on mountain date back to 1100 B.C.
On the way of the Linzergasse to the monastery are standing 13 oratories with the way of the cross, which were built up between 1736 and 1744, a memorial place for Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and the old Paschingerschlössl, known as the former house of Stefan Zweig. The different old artillery bastions from 1629, which are distributed around the mountain, the military tower of the Felixpforte and the long military walls with their small fortified towers („Auslug “) also were built in the time of the Thirty Years' War, and are majority are kept well. On the crest of the mountain, attainable with a drawbridge, there stands the Franziskischlössl. Today it is a small restaurant.
Adolf Hitler wanted to establish a gigantic “Gauburg”, a Stadium and a festival house on that mountain. The end of the war forestalled it however and the Kapuzinerberg still is free of intensive land development.
The cloister.
The cloister was established by bishop Wolf Dietrich von Raitenau as a stronghold against the Reformation. In 1602 the friars consecrated the first church built on the foundation of a medieval tower. The church inherited a set of 15th century wooden reliefs. Gradually expanding, the cloister reached its present shape around 1690. For centuries, the friars were independent of the local Archbishop, subordinate only to the Pope. In 1800 and 1809/10 the cloister was occupied and desecrated by the French troops; in 1813 by the Bavarians. After the anschluss of 1938 the monks were evicted again, to make way for a Nazi forum, but the project did not materialize. The friars returned in 1942, initially sharing the premises with refugees and prisoners.
Nature
The mountain is with its expanded forest surfaces the green lung of Salzburg and offers to the visitors delightful walking possibilities along the many moving ways particularly along „the Basteiweg“, which runs next the attachment walls in the south and the east of the mountain. Remarkably itself also the different lookout points on those to the Old part of the town of Salzburg
The Kapuzinerberg is attainabe from the Imbergstiege, from a stone lane beginning in the Franziskuspforte (Linzergasse) or on a foot path behind the shopping centre „Imberg” in the Fürbergstrasse.
Biological characteristics of the mountain are different rare alpine plants and animals in the cold inaccessible north rock (about alpine auricula and alpine rhododendron). Also the common raven breeds in the rocks.

</doc>
<doc id="19817455" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817455" title="Chakhar Mongolian">
Chakhar Mongolian

The Chakhar (Mongolian: "Čaqar"; ) dialect is a variety of Mongolian spoken the central region of Inner Mongolia. It is phonologically close to Khalkha and is the basis for the standard pronunciation of Mongolian in Inner Mongolia.
Location and classification.
There are three different definitions of the word Chakhar. First, there is Chakhar proper, spoken in the banners Shuluun Köke, Shuluun Köböötü Chagaan, Höböötü Shira, Taipusi, Chakhar Right Wing Rear, Chakhar Right Wing Middle, Chakhar Right Wing Front, Shangdu, Dolonnur and Huade with a number of approximately 100.000 speakers. In a broader definition, the Chakhar group contains the varieties Chakhar proper, Urat, Darkhan, Muumingan, Dörben Küüket, Keshigten of Ulanqab. In a very broad and controversial definition, it also contains the dialects of Xilin Gol such as Üjümchin, Sönit, Abaga, Shilinhot. The Southern Mongolian normative pronunciation is based on the variety of Chakhar proper as spoken in the Shuluun Köke banner.
Phonology.
Excluding the phonology of recent loanwords, Chakhar has the pharyngeal vowel phonemes and the non-pharyngeal vowel phonemes that adhere to vowel harmony. All have long counterparts and some diphthongs exist as well. has phoneme status only due to its occurrence as word-initial vowel in words like ‘to win’ (vs. ‘to kill’), thus (<*i) does occur in pharyngeal words as well. Through lexical diffusion, <*e is to be observed in some words such as < *ene ‘this’, rather than in ‘kite (bird)’. However, long monophthong vowels also include < *ei. The maximal syllable structure is CVCC. In word-final position, non-phonemic vowels often appear after aspirated and sometimes after unaspirated consonants. They are more frequent in male speech and almost totally disappear in compounds. The consonant phonemes (again excluding loanwords) are 
while (<*k) and [w (<*p) that occur in loanwords and native words alike are only allophones of /x/ and /b/ in native words. Palatalized vowels have phoneme status only in pharyngeal words.
Word classes and morphology.
The case system of Chakhar has the same number of morphemes as Khalkha with approximately the same forms. There is a peculiar Allative case suffix, "", that has developed from *ödö (Mongolian script <ödege>) 'upwards' and that seems to be a free allomorph of the common . The reflexive-possessive suffixes retain their final (thus <*-ban etc., while Khalkha has ).
Large numbers are counted according to the Chinese counting system in powers of 10.000. Collective numerals can be combined with approximative numeral suffixes. So while ' 'about ten' and ' 'as a group of ten' a common in Mongolian, "" 'as a group of about ten' seems to be peculiar to Chakhar.
The pronominal system is much like that of Khalkha. The colloquial form of the 1. person singular accusative (in which the idiosyncratic accusative stem is replaced) can be ' instead of ', and the alternation of "i" ~ "ig" does occur with other pronominal stems as well. This does not lead to confusion as the genitive is formed with mid-opened instead of closed front vowels, e.g. the 2. person singular genitive honorific is in Chakhar and usually in Khalkha. The 3. person stems don't employ any oblique stems. The 1. person plural exclusive "man-" has an almost complete case paradigm only excluding the nominative, while at least in written Khalkha anything but the genitive form <manai> is rare.
Chakhar has approximately the same participles as Khalkha, but "-mar" expresses potentiality, not desire, and consequently "-xar" functions as its free allomorph. On the other hand, there are some distinctive converbs such as "-ba" (from Chinese 吧 ba) 'if' and -ja (from 也 yè) 'although' which seem to be allomorphs of the suffixes "-val" and "-wc" of common Mongolian origin. The finite suffix "-la" might have acquired converbal status. Finally, "-xlar" ('if ... then ...') has turned into "-xnar", and the form "-man" ~ "-" 'only if', which is absent in Khalkha, sometimes occurs. Chakhar has the same core declarative finite forms as Khalkha, but in addition "-xui" and "-lgui" to indicate strong probability.
Lexicon.
Most loanwords peculiar to the Chakhar dialect hail from Chinese and Manchu.

</doc>
<doc id="19817499" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817499" title="Srikanth Sastry">
Srikanth Sastry

Srikanth Sastry is an Indian physicist. He is a Boston University alumnus and he along with Raghunathan Srianand were awarded the Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize for Science and Technology in physical sciences in 2008.
Sastry received his PhD from Boston University in 1993. Since then he has held roles as a postdoctoral researcher at the National Institutes of Health and at Princeton University. In 1998 he became faculty fellow at Jawaharlal Nehru Centre for Advanced Scientific Research and since 2003 he has held a position as associate professor at Jawaharlal Nehru Centre for Advanced Scientific Research. He is currently a professor at the Theoretical Science Unit, Jawaharlal Nehru Centre for Advanced Scientific Research, Jakkur campus, Bangalore.
Sastry's research interests are:
He is the recipient of

</doc>
<doc id="19817505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817505" title="By Hook or by Crook (1980 film)">
By Hook or by Crook (1980 film)

By Hook or by Crook () is a 1980 Hong Kong kung fu film produced and directed by Karl Maka and starring Sammo Hung.
Plot.
The film starts out with a thief stealing jewelry from a millionaire Chin Pai Wen (Tang Ching). The family believes it was done by the infamous Flower Kid, who steals from the rich and gives it to the poor. They then hire Sheriff Butcher Wing (Karl Maka) to find him. However, Chin's wife (Yau Poon Ling) suggests Skinny Gee (Dean Shek), a con man who catches crooks, instead. So Butcher Wing tries to get Skinny Gee by framing him for harassing his sister and offers him a deal if he finds the Flower Kid. Gee manages to Flower Kid. Gee then tells Wing a plan to arrest Flower Kid by setting him up. They fail and Wing arrests Gee for fooling him. Flower Kid then arrives, disguised as a woman, to rescue Gee out of jail. It was a set up by Flower Kid and Gee. Later it is revealed that he is not the real Flower Kid. He is a man named Fatso (Sammo Hung) who idolizes Flower Kid and pretends to be him.
Fatso and Gee later finds the real Flower Kid (Wu Ma), who is now old and retired. Then it was also revealed who the thief was at the beginning of the film, a lover of Lady Chin. Later, Lady Chin hires an assassin Chung Fat Pak (Chung Fat) to kill Flower Kid. The assassin also kills Lady Chin's lover.
Fatso and Gee tries to get a bodyguard for Flower Kid. The bodyguard is a knife throwing expert. He engages in a Mexican-standoff against Never Miss (Eric Tsang) a gun expert. Never Miss kills the bodyguard. Then Fatso and Gee start training Flower Kid to get his confidence and energy back. During this time, Chung kills Chin Pai Wen. Later, Fatso and Gee also hired a family to act as victim of Chung to get Flower Kid's confidence to battle Chung.
The trio then proceeds to find Chung where they engage in a big fight at Chin's funeral. First, Fatso and Gee battles Chung's two henchmen and Flower Kid fights Chung. This is the first 5 minutes of the film... Then, Fatso and Gee kill the henchmen and then Fatso fights Chung eventually killing him in the end. Then, Flower Kid leaves town. In the end, Gee is arrested again, Fatso is arrested too, but he was rewarded out to be sheriff and instead Wing takes his spot in jail.

</doc>
<doc id="19817507" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817507" title="European route E21">
European route E21

European route E 21 is a series of roads in Europe, part of the United Nations International E-road network. 
It runs from Metz, France to Geneva, Switzerland. It meets the European route E 25, the E 50 and the E 411 at Metz, from where it departs. On its way to Geneva, it crosses the E 23 at Nancy, and also passes through Dijon. It enters Switzerland soon after and links with the E 25, the E 62 and the E 712 at Geneva, allowing further travel through Europe. It is long in total.

</doc>
<doc id="19817516" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817516" title="István Szelmár">
István Szelmár

István Szelmár, also known in Slovene as Števan Selmar (23 October 1820 – 15 February 1877) was a Slovene Roman Catholic priest and writer in the Kingdom of Hungary.
His original surname was Szlámár (Slamar). His father's name was Mihály Szlámár. However, in the historical Wendic March (the modern Prekmurje and Vendvidék) the Slovene names of the population were frequently altered, insofar as they were registered by the Hungarian authorities, which in many times misspelled them.
Szelmár born in Grad (Felsőlendva), and was consecrated in 20 July 1845, in Szombathely. Between 1845-1846 he served as chaplain in Črenšovci, and between 1856-1860 in Turnišče. In 1860 he became priest in Kančevci, and in the end of 1876 he was retired. He died in Ivanovci.
He wrote books in the Prekmurian dialect of the Slovene language, and was thus an influential representative of the local Slovene literature in the Kingdom of Hungary. In 1873 he translated the Hungarian book by Alajos Róder "Bibliai Történetek" (History of the Bible). The Slovenian translation bears the name "Zgodbe Sztaroga i Nóvoga Zákona" (Stories of the Old and New Testament).

</doc>
<doc id="19817535" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817535" title="Joe Wilson (footballer born 1937)">
Joe Wilson (footballer born 1937)

Joe Wilson (born 6 July 1937), was an English footballer who played as a full back. During his professional career he represented Workington (in two spells), Nottingham Forest, Wolverhampton Wanderers and Newport County.

</doc>
<doc id="19817553" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817553" title="Reservoirs in Maharashtra">
Reservoirs in Maharashtra

This article considers the lentic man-made reservoirs in Maharashtra state.

</doc>
<doc id="19817556" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817556" title="Novembre (song)">
Novembre (song)

"Novembre" is a song by Italian pop singer Giusy Ferreri, released as second single from her debut album "Gaetana". It was written by Roberto Casalino and produced by Tiziano Ferro.
The song was released digitally on October 17, 2008 in Italy, Austria, Netherlands, Belgium, Germany and other European countries. It debuted at the number one spot on the Italian charts.
Music video.
The music video for "Novembre" was directed by Cosimo Alemà, who was also the director of "Non ti scordar mai di me", and was filmed on October 9 and October 10, 2008, in Paris. The video premiered on October 27, 2008, on Fox Life Italy, and the song has been used for the official Italian advertising of the fifth season of the American television series "Desperate Housewives".
In the video Giusy Ferreri is chased by a man in Paris, but later she discovers that he was her neighbour.

</doc>
<doc id="19817565" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817565" title="Mighty Lak a Goat">
Mighty Lak a Goat

Mighty Lak a Goat is a 1942 "Our Gang" short comedy film directed by Herbert Glazer. It was the 209th "Our Gang" short (210th episode, 121st talking short, 122nd talking episode, and 41st MGM produced episode) that was released.
Plot.
The gang tries to clean off their clothes after being splattered with mud accidentally by a passing motorist. A "miracle" cleaning solution devised by Billy "Froggy" Laughlin works beautifully, but with one major drawback: The stuff stinks to high heaven! Froggy tells the gang that they would get used to the smell. They do get used to the bad odor to the point of being oblivious to it. The kids manage to empty out a bus trying to board it.
They walk to school and get thrown out of the classroom due to their smell. Then, being free from school, the gang goes to see a movie called "Don't Open That Door" at the theater. The movie-house cashier notices their smell, but they head into the auditorium. Then even the actors on the screen cannot stand the smell and stop performing. They finally get removed from the theater and remove their clothes behind a tree.

</doc>
<doc id="19817576" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817576" title="Marinette micropolitan area">
Marinette micropolitan area

The Marinette Micropolitan Statistical Area, as defined by the United States Census Bureau, is an area consisting of two counties – one in Wisconsin and one in Michigan – anchored by the city of Marinette, Wisconsin. As of the 2000 census, the μSA had a population of 68,710 (though a July 1, 2009 estimate placed the population at 65,937).
Demographics.
As of the census of 2000, there were 68,710 people, 28,114 households, and 18,835 families residing within the μSA. The racial makeup of the μSA was 97.40% White, 0.18% African American, 1.15% Native American, 0.25% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.20% from other races, and 0.80% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.75% of the population.
The median income for a household in the μSA was $34,072, and the median income for a family was $41,312. Males had a median income of $32,170 versus $21,638 for females. The per capita income for the μSA was $17,201.

</doc>
<doc id="19817624" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817624" title="Floating Flies and How to Dress Them">
Floating Flies and How to Dress Them

Floating Flies and How to Dress Them - "A Treatise on the Most Modern Methods of Dressing Artificial Flies for Trout and Grayling with Full Illustrated Directions and Containing Ninety Hand-Coloured Engravings of the Most Killing Patterns Together with a Few Hints to Dry-Fly Fishermen" is a fly fishing book written by Frederic M. Halford published in London in April 1886 by Sampson Low. A deluxe edition (100 copies) on large paper sold out before publication and the trade edition of 500 nearly so.
Synopsis.
"Floating Flies and How to Dress Them" provides an in-depth study of nearly 100 duns and spinners in the English chalk streams of Hampshire County. The books contains detailed drawings and instructions on how to create hand-made artificial flies. Included is information on types of hooks and implements to use plus tips on dyeing materials and how to dress the flies on eyed-hooks. The book contains ten colorplates and many black and white line drawings used to illustrate specific techniques.
Reviews.
And now I come to books which are nothing if not practical. Of these, Mr. F. M. Halford's “Floating Flies and How to Dress Them,” and his “Dry Fly Fishing in Theory and Practice,” command the first place, as being, within certain limits, the best books on fishing with the artificial fly ever written. The limits are these. His books apply to the capture or brown trout and grayling only, salmon and sea trout being outside their purview.
...when, in 1886, Mr. Halford published an important work on “Floating Flies and How to Dress Them.” he had practically a virgin field before him. His Dry-Fly Fishing in Theory and Practice,” published in 1889, became the standard work upon the subject.
The dry-fly revolution that really got rolling with the appearance of Halford's first book, "Floating Flies and How to Dress Them" (1886) got plenty of attention in American books and articles.
It is hard to state how great Halford's influence was. His name became almost synonymous with chalk stream fishing and his innovations did not go unnoticed abroad. It was Halford's work that insprired M. Albert Petit to write the book that re-introduced and popularized fly fishing in France. ... Halford was also an important influence on American fly-tying: by 1888 "Floating Flies and How to Dress Them" could be purchased for twelve dollars from "Forest and Stream" and his flies were available from William and Mills of New York in the same year.
The response from the public to this impressive book was a first very favorable. Halford's scrapbook contains twenty-seven review notices, in which positive and gratifying adjectives abound: 'Practical, and at the same time delightfully-written', 'Thorough, clear and interesting', 'His almost unequalled experience', 'A real treat to get a book so plain and purposelike, and so beautifully got up in all respects'. "The Field" thought it 'something more than deeply interesting...a landmark.' "The Globe" wrote: 'The directions are beautifully clear, and anglers will be specially delighted with the illustrations.' "Punch" awarded the accolade in verse form: "A capital volume, and no one will doubt it; No fisherman now should ever be without it."
Halford's first book: "Floating Flied and How to Dress Them" (1886) was a concise and beautiful fly tying manual and fly pattern reference book, but contained only a brief chapter on how to actually fish with dry flies.
Other Editions.
From Antiquarian Book Exchange
See also.
Bibliography of fly fishing

</doc>
<doc id="19817651" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817651" title="Julianna Rose Mauriello">
Julianna Rose Mauriello

Julianna Rose Mauriello (born May 26, 1991) is an American actress. She starred in the children's television program "LazyTown", and has appeared in various Broadway musicals such as "Oklahoma!", "" and "A Tree Grows in Brooklyn".
Personal life.
Mauriello was an honor student at the Professional Performing Arts School in New York City. She has appeared in commercials and voiceovers, and is a skilled dancer, taking classes in ballet, jazz, tap and Irish stepdancing. She has also been involved in gymnastics. Mauriello is able to speak Icelandic, from her time spent in Iceland on the set of "LazyTown". In 2010, she started studying psychology at Middlebury College. 
Career.
Her first appearance on Broadway was during the 2002–2003 run of "Oklahoma!".
She played the character of Stephanie in "LazyTown", filmed in Iceland. Her performances in the program earned her a nomination for a 2006 Daytime Emmy Award for "Outstanding Performer in a Children's Series".
In 2006, Mauriello appeared, as herself, in the direct-to-video film "Hip Hop Kids: Hip Hop Homeroom Math".
She was cast as the leading role of Pyper in the short film "A Fix".

</doc>
<doc id="19817652" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817652" title="Semidevilish">
Semidevilish

Semidevilish is the fourth album by the Polish symphonic black metal band Darzamat which was released in 2004. This album features new female singer Nera.
Track listing.
Total playtime: 49:38 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="19817658" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817658" title="Remote data capture">
Remote data capture

Remote data capture is the process of automatic collection of scientific data. It is widely used in clinic trials, where it is referred to as electronic data capture. In physical sciences, automatic observation hardware in the field can be linked to an observer in a laboratory through a cellphone or other communication link., for example in hydrology.

</doc>
<doc id="19817679" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817679" title="Renault Z.E.">
Renault Z.E.

The Renault Z.E. (Z.E. stands for Zero Emission) is a program of all-electric cars from Renault and it began with a series of Z.E. concept cars. The first production car is the Renault Fluence Z.E. that is scheduled for sales to the public in Israel and Denmark by late 2011 as part of the Better Place network. In 2011 Renault was awarded a contract to supply 15,600 electric vehicles to the French Government and the state-owned postal service, La Poste. The vehicles are to contribute to a planned 25,000 electric vehicle fleet owned by the French Government. 
Concept cars.
2008 Paris Motor Show.
The first model in the Z.E. project was a concept based on the Renault Kangoo Be Bop. It debuted at the 2008 Paris Motor Show 
It has its compact dimensions (length: , height: . The Z.E. Concept is powered by a 70 kW electric motor with torque of and its lithium-ion batteries give 200 km electric range. Solar panels positioned on the roof power a temperature regulation system.
Estimated price is 16,000 € .
2009 Frankfurt Motor Show.
In 2009 at the Frankfurt Motor Show, Renault extended the concept from one model to four:
Renault announced that cars "previewed" by all four Z.E. concept vehicles would be released from 2011 onwards and cater for a wide variety of different customers and uses.
2010 Paris Motor Show.
At the 2010 Paris Motor Show Renault showed the "Zoe Preview", promoting it as "a realistic glimpse of the forthcoming mass-market Renault electric car... a near-definitive representation (90 per cent) of the vehicle that will be manufactured at Renault's Flins plant, France. Its launch is scheduled for mid-2012."
The show car supports the same QuickDrop battery swap capability as the Fluence Z.E., and DC fast charging.
Renault also showed several updated Twizy models 
and announced the Kangoo Express Z.E. van "will go on sale from mid-2011 for between €15,000 excluding VAT(with tax incentive of 5,000 euros deducted, and without options, in France) and €20,000 excluding VAT(without tax incentive, and without options), depending on the country."
Production models.
In 2010 Renault announced details of the first vehicles intended for production in 2011, the Fluence Z.E. and Kangoo Z.E. models.
Customers in several countries can pre-reserve models at the Renault-ZE web site, although as of April 2010 it has no pricing details.
Renault announced the city car previewed by Zoé Z.E. Concept will be produced in Flins in France, and the vehicle based on Twizy. Concept will be built in Valladolid in Spain.
Renault will initially purchase batteries from AESC, the Nissan-NEC joint venture in Japan.
It announced development of battery production facilities in France, Japan, Portugal, UK, and the USA. The Megane Z.E., a hatchback version of the Fluence Z.E., is also in development.

</doc>
<doc id="19817681" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817681" title="Tardigrade">
Tardigrade

Tardigrades (also known as waterbears or moss piglets) are water-dwelling, segmented micro-animals, with eight legs. They were first described by the German pastor J.A.E. Goeze in 1773. The name Tardigrada (meaning "slow stepper") was given three years later by the Italian biologist Lazzaro Spallanzani.
Tardigrades are classified as extremophiles, organisms that can thrive in a physically or geochemically extreme condition that would be detrimental to most life on Earth. For example, tardigrades can withstand temperatures from just above absolute zero to well above the boiling point of water, pressures about six times stronger than pressures found in the deepest ocean trenches, ionizing radiation at doses hundreds of times higher than the lethal dose for a person, and the vacuum of outer space. They can go without food or water for more than 10 years, drying out to the point where they are 3% or less water, only to rehydrate, forage, and reproduce.
Usually, tardigrades are about long when they are fully grown. They are short and plump with four pairs of legs, each with four to eight claws also known as "disks". The animals are prevalent in mosses and lichens and feed on plant cells, algae, and small invertebrates. When collected, they may be viewed under a very-low-power microscope, making them accessible to students and amateur scientists.
Tardigrades form the phylum Tardigrada, part of the superphylum Ecdysozoa. It is an ancient group, with fossils dating from 530 million years ago, in the Cambrian period. The first tardigrades were discovered by Johann August Ephraim Goeze in 1773. Since 1778, over 1,150 tardigrade species have been found.
Description.
Johann August Ephraim Goeze originally named the tardigrade "kleiner Wasserbär" ("Bärtierchen" today), meaning 'little water bear' in German. The name "Tardigrada" means "slow walker" and was given by Lazzaro Spallanzani in 1773. The name water bear comes from the way they walk, reminiscent of a bear's gait. The biggest adults may reach a body length of , the smallest below 0.1 mm. Newly hatched tardigrades may be smaller than 0.05 mm.
About 1,150 species of tardigrades have been described. Tardigrades occur throughout the world, from the Himalayas (above ), to the deep sea (below ) and from the polar regions to the equator.
The most convenient place to find tardigrades is on lichens and mosses. Other environments are dunes, beaches, soil, and marine or freshwater sediments, where they may occur quite frequently (up to 25,000 animals per liter). Tardigrades often can be found by soaking a piece of moss in spring water.
Anatomy and morphology.
Tardigrades have barrel-shaped bodies with four pairs of stubby, poorly articulated legs. Most range from in length, although the largest species may reach . The body consists of a head, three body segments with a pair of legs each, and a caudal segment with a fourth pair of legs. The legs are without joints while the feet have four to eight claws each. The cuticle contains chitin and protein and is moulted periodically.
Tardigrades are eutelic, with all adult tardigrades of the same species having the same number of cells. Some species have as many as 40,000 cells in each adult, while others have far fewer.
The body cavity consists of a haemocoel, but the only place where a true coelom can be found is around the gonad. There are no respiratory organs, with gas exchange able to occur across the whole of the body. Some tardigrades have three tubular glands associated with the rectum; these may be excretory organs similar to the Malpighian tubules of arthropods, although the details remain unclear.
The tubular mouth is armed with stylets, which are used to pierce the plant cells, algae, or small invertebrates on which the tardigrades feed, releasing the body fluids or cell contents. The mouth opens into a triradiate, muscular, sucking pharynx. The stylets are lost when the animal moults, and a new pair is secreted from a pair of glands that lie on either side of the mouth. The pharynx connects to a short oesophagus, and then to an intestine that occupies much of the length of the body, which is the main site of digestion. The intestine opens, via a short rectum, to an anus located at the terminal end of the body. Some species only defecate when they molt, leaving the feces behind with the shed cuticle.
The brain includes multiple lobes, mostly consisting of three bilaterally paired clusters of neurons. The brain is attached to a large ganglion below the oesophagus, from which a double ventral nerve cord runs the length of the body. The cord possesses one ganglion per segment, each of which produces lateral nerve fibres that run into the limbs. Many species possess a pair of rhabdomeric pigment-cup eyes, and there are numerous sensory bristles on the head and body.
Tardigrades all possess a buccopharyngeal apparatus, which, along with the claws, is used to differentiate among species.
Reproduction.
Although some species are parthenogenetic, both males and females are usually present, each with a single gonad located above the intestine. Two ducts run from the testis in males, opening through a single pore in front of the anus. In contrast, females have a single duct opening either just above the anus or directly into the rectum, which thus forms a cloaca.
Tardigrades are oviparous, and fertilization is usually external. Mating occurs during the molt with the eggs being laid inside the shed cuticle of the female and then covered with sperm. A few species have internal fertilization, with mating occurring before the female fully sheds her cuticle. In most cases, the eggs are left inside the shed cuticle to develop, but some attach them to nearby substrate.
The eggs hatch after no more than 14 days, with the young already possessing their full complement of adult cells. Growth to the adult size therefore occurs by enlargement of the individual cells (hypertrophy), rather than by cell division. Tardigrades may moult up to 12 times.
Ecology and life history.
Most tardigrades are phytophagous (plant eaters) or bacteriophagous (bacteria eaters), but some are predatory (e.g., "Milnesium tardigradum").
Physiology.
Scientists have reported tardigrades in hot springs, on top of the Himalayas, under layers of solid ice, and in ocean sediments. Many species can be found in milder environments such as lakes, ponds, and meadows, while others can be found in stone walls and roofs. Tardigrades are most common in moist environments, but can stay active wherever they can retain at least some moisture.
Tardigrades are one of the few groups of species that are capable of reversibly suspending their metabolism and going into a state of cryptobiosis. Several species regularly survive in a dehydrated state for nearly 10 years. Depending on the environment, they may enter this state via anhydrobiosis, cryobiosis, osmobiosis, or anoxybiosis. While in this state, their metabolism lowers to less than 0.01% of normal and their water content can drop to 1% of normal. Their ability to remain desiccated for such a long period is largely dependent on the high levels of the nonreducing sugar trehalose, which protects their membranes. In this cryptobiotic state, the tardigrade is known as a tun.
Tardigrades are able to survive in extreme environments that would kill almost any other animal. The following are extremes states tardigrades can survive:
Evolutionary relationships and history.
A number of morphological and molecular studies have sought to resolve the relationship of tardigrades to other lineages of ecdysozoan animals. Two plausible placements have been recovered: tardigrades most closely related to Arthropoda ± Onychophora (a common result of morphological studies) or tardigrades most closely related to nematodes (found in some molecular analyses).
The latter hypothesis has been rejected by recent microRNA and expressed sequence tag analyses. Apparently, the grouping of tardigrades with nematodes found in a number of molecular studies is a long branch attraction artifact. Within the arthropod group (called panarthropoda and comprising onychophora, tardigrades and euarthropoda), three patterns of relationship are possible: tardigrades sister to onychophora plus arthropods (the lobopodia hypothesis); onychophora sister to tardigrades plus arthropods (the tactopoda hypothesis); and onychophora sister to tardigrades. Recent analyses indicate that the panarthropoda group is monophyletic, and that tardigrades are a sister group of lobopodia, the lineage consisting of arthropods and Onychophora.
The minute sizes of tardigrades and their membranous integuments make their fossilization both difficult to detect and highly unlikely. The only known fossil specimens comprise some from mid-Cambrian deposits in Siberia and a few rare specimens from Cretaceous amber.
The Siberian tardigrades differ from living tardigrades in several ways. They have three pairs of legs rather than four; they have a simplified head morphology; and they have no posterior head appendages. But they share their columnar cuticle construction with modern tardigrades. It is considered that they probably represent a stem group of living tardigrades.
The rare specimens in Cretaceous amber comprise "Milnesium swolenskyi", from New Jersey, the oldest, whose claws and mouthparts are indistinguishable from the living "M. tardigradum"; and two specimens from western Canada, some 15–20 million years younger than "M. swolenskyi". Of the two latter, one has been given its own genus and family, "Beorn leggi" (the genus named by Cooper after the character Beorn from "The Hobbit" by J. R. R. Tolkien and the species named after his student William M. Legg); however, it bears a strong resemblance to many living specimens in the family Hypsibiidae.
"Aysheaia" from the middle Cambrian Burgess shale has been proposed as a sister-taxon to an arthropod-tardigrade clade.
Tardigrades have been proposed to be among the closest living relatives of the Burgess Shale oddity "Opabinia".
Genomes and genome sequencing.
Tardigrade genomes vary in size, from about 75 to 800 megabase pairs of DNA. The genome of a tardigrade species, "Hypsibius dujardini", is being sequenced at the Broad Institute.
The genome of "R. varieornatus" has already been sequenced.
"Hypsibius dujardini" has a compact genome and a generation time of about two weeks, and it can be cultured indefinitely and cryopreserved.

</doc>
<doc id="19817725" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817725" title="Daniel Chiriță">
Daniel Chiriță

Daniel Chirita (born 24 March 1974) is a retired Romanian footballer who last played for Petrolul Ploieşti.

</doc>
<doc id="19817748" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817748" title="St. Patrick's College, Thurles">
St. Patrick's College, Thurles

St. Patrick's College, Thurles () is a third level college of education in Thurles, Co. Tipperary, formerly a seminary the College specialises in Humanities courses in Accounting, Business Studies, Irish and Religious Studies.
History.
St. Patrick's College, Thurles was founded in 1837. The College is a charitable institution operating under the patronage of the Dr. Patrick Everard, Archbishop of Cashel and Emly. Dr. Everard died in 1821 and left £10,000 "for the purpose of founding a college to provide a liberal education of catholic youth destined for the priesthood and professional/business careers".
The College was built on church land bought from a local Protestant minister, the first stone was laid by Dr. Robert Laffan Archbishop of Cashel, on 6 July 1829, in the presence of Daniel O'Connell.
The College opened as an educational institution in September 1837, to day students and boarders, offering second level education in the humanities, with a limited contribution from the sciences, to students wishing to prepare for priesthood as well as careers in business and other professions.
In 1842 a Philosophy Department was added to the College, and with some students becoming candidates for the priesthood for the first time. Prevailing poverty and hardship caused by the Famine temporarily inhibited the development of St. Patrick's College. However, by the middle of the 1860s, the College had developed into a major seminary with the addition of a full Theological Faculty.
In 1842 Archbishop of Cashel Michael Slattery established a foreign mission department in St. Patrick's College, Thurles, many of its graduates going to the United States, Australia and New Zealand.
In 1849 the University of London, allowed Thurles to offer degrees in Arts and Laws, following an example from St. Patrick's College, Carlow. The relationship with London University lasted over 20 years.
In 1875 the college was linked to the Catholic University of Ireland, and subsequently the Royal University of Ireland in the 1900s, before being linked with the Pontifical University in Maynooth.
In 1850 a synod of bishops met in Thurles, the first since the Middle Ages.
Lay students attended the college from its opening in 1837 up until 1907. Although lay students stopped being boarders in 1873, by 1907 only 20 lay students were enrolled.
From 1973 students were able to qualify with Diplomas in Theology from Pontifical University in Maynooth. This programme developed into a Degree (BTh) and was available under the Pontifical University via the CAO system until 2002.
In 1977 a National Certificate in Philosophical Studies was awarded by the National Council for Educational Awards (NCEA).
From 1909 to 1986 priest from the local Pallotine college in Thurles trained at St. Patrick's, also from 1950 until recent years the Mercy Sisters lived and worked in the College.
In 1988 after a gap of 81 years, lay students were readmitted and the college, had its courses validated by the National Council for Educational Awards (NCEA), such as the BA in Theology which allowed graduates to teach in secondary schools, and since 2001 when the NCEA was replaced by the Higher Education and Training Awards Council (HETAC) has validated the colleges degree courses.
In 2002 the college ceased to function as a seminary, the college would have ordained over 1,500 men for the priesthood. The college also joined the Irish governments CAO system for the allocation of college places for leaving certificate students, also Irish students became eligible for free fees and grants. In 2004 new structured undergraduate education degrees commenced in association with Tipperary Institute.
Past students and people associated with the College.
Over 1500 priests were ordained from Thurles, a large number of former students of the college became priests and bishops in other countries as was the focus of the seminary for many years, such as Dr. James Byrne (Toowoomba, Australia), Dr. Lawrence Scanlan (bishop of Salt Lake City) and Dr. John Cantwell (first archbishop of Los Angeles), Dr. Thomas Flanagan (Bishop of San Antonio).
Others associated with Irish parishes include Archbishop of Cashel & Emly Dr Thomas Morris DD, Bishops Dr. Michael Russell former Professor of Moral Theology, (and former college president Dr. William Lee) of Waterford. Bishop Thomas Quinlan of Borrisoleigh spent over four years in the College before joining the "Columban Missionary Society".
Canon John Hayes the founder of Muintir na Tíre studied in Thurles for a time. John Finucane, Home Rule MP for East County Limerick from 1885 to 1900 studied at the college, taking first honours in rhetoric, logic and metaphysic.
Rev. Dr. Thomas O'Connor was the first president, when the college opened with just 18 students. Presidents of the College have included Dr. Patrick Leahy, Canon Arthur Ryan(1887-190?), Monsignor James J. Ryan J.C.B., Rev.Nicholas Cooke(1925-1936), Rev. Daniel M. Ryan, Dr.William Lee (1987–1993) Mgr. Christy O'Dwyer MA (1993–2004). The present college president Fr. Tom Fogarty BA, MA, was appointed in 2004, he is also a former manager of both the Tipperary and Offaly hurling teams.
Present.
Today St. Patrick's College, Thurles offers degrees validated by the University of Limerick, in Theology, Business Studies, Irish and Religious Studies and education, Irish Studies and Education, as well as some certificates in pastoral care. The undergraduate education degrees are recognised by the teaching council of Ireland enabling graduates to teach in Secondary Schools in Ireland.
Over recent years refurbishments have taken place to Lecture Halls, tutorial rooms, library, old research library, Computing facilities, playing pitch and the Refectory as well as to the colleges retreat and conference facilities.
As well as the academic course the college runs a number of courses in pastoral care, youth work and Irish language training courses for adults.
In 2012 the college celebrated its 175 anniversary, and were honoured by a civic reception by Thurles Town Council held in the Source Library.
University of Limerick Alliance.
Starting from September 2011, teaching degree programmes at St. Patrick's College will be accredited by the University of Limerick, and graduates from 2012 on wards will be awarded degrees from the University.
The degrees awarded will be BEd with Irish and Religious Studies and BEd with Business Studies and Religious Studies. Graduates will be registered with the Teaching Council of Ireland and will be qualified to teach to Leaving Certificate standard. Partipicants will also be covered by the Government Free Fees Initiative.
Graduation.
19 October 2012 seen the first students graduate with University of Limerick degrees which were presented by University of Limerick President Professor Don Barry. The ceremony took place in St. Patrick's, in attendance were the academic staff of the college and representatives of the University of Limerick, as well as students family and friends in attendance.
Similarly in the past graduation took place on campus each autumn with academic staff, representatives of HETAC, figures from other educational institutions and local public figures, as well as students family and friends in attendance.

</doc>
<doc id="19817773" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817773" title="The Owl vs Bombo">
The Owl vs Bombo

The Owl vs Bombo () is a 1984 Hong Kong action comedy directed by Sammo Hung, and starring Hung, George Lam and Deannie Ip.
It is known in some releases as "The Owl vs Bumbo" and "The Owl and Dumbo".

</doc>
<doc id="19817848" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817848" title="Darren Henderson">
Darren Henderson

Darren Henderson (born 12 October 1966) is a former Scottish footballer. He made over 500 appearances in the Scottish Football League over a 21 year Senior career and is currently the manager of Hurlford United in the Scottish Junior Football Association, West Region.
Career.
After his long career in the Scottish Football League, Henderson joined Cumnock Juniors as a player-coach where he teamed up with former Ayr United and Stenhousemuir colleague Campbell Money. He played in Cumnock's 2008 Scottish Junior Cup final defeat to Bathgate Thistle at the age of 41.
Henderson took another player-coach role at at Dalry Thistle before becoming manager in his own right in November 2010. He led the club to promotion and the semi-finals of the Scottish Junior Cup before moving on to Glenafton Athletic the following summer.
In two successful seasons at Glenafton, Henderson won promotion to the West Super League Premier Division and the West of Scotland Cup before leaving the club to join Hurlford United in June 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="19817880" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817880" title="Vladimir Mudrinić">
Vladimir Mudrinić

Vladimir Mudrinić (Serbian Cyrillic: Владимир Мудринић; born 26 July 1976) is a Serbian football midfielder who plays for Jedinstvo Užice in the Serbian First League.
Mudrinić is famous for his free kick, from which he scored many times in his career.

</doc>
<doc id="19817934" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817934" title="Ebru Destan">
Ebru Destan

Ebru Destan (born 24 September 1977 in Izmir) is a Turkish singer, actress, and model.
Biography.
Ebru is one of the most famous podium models in Turkey. She has also acted in many films like "Abuzer Kadayıf", "Yeni Hayat", "Zor Hedef", "Can Ayşecik". Ebru became a singer in 2005 and became successful. She has three music albums called "Sözümü Yemedim", "Ayrılık Soğuk İklim" and 3 "Vakte Kadar". She competed in the reality show "" as part of the Celebrities (Ünlüler) team. She reached the top 6, only to be voted out in an SMS head-to-head with her close friend Özge Ulusoy.
She dated Galatasaray S.K.'s former defender and Turkish international Vedat İnceefe over three years and Beşiktaş J.K. defender İbrahim Toraman.

</doc>
<doc id="19817937" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817937" title="Eliana Benador">
Eliana Benador

Eliana Benador (also Eleana Benador) is a Swiss-American public relations consultant, global strategist, and a publicist for American and Middle-eastern neo-conservatives. Through the development of Benador Associates, Benador was promoted national security policies advocated by the Bush administration concerning Iraqi regime change, the Iraq War, and hard-line attitudes toward Iran. As of 2007, Benador had closed Benador Associates and opened a new firm, Benador Public Relations.
Career.
Benador studied linguistics, psychology and political science at the Sorbonne and the Université Catholique de Lille. Following university, she worked as an editor for the Peruvian Times and as a translator at the United Nations in Vienna. In 2000, Benador joined the Middle East Forum, an American conservative think tank, to work as the associate director of, and in charge of the expansion of, the Middle East Forum in New York, and she also was the media liaison of its founder Daniel Pipes. Benador left the MEF after eighteen months because of conflicts with Pipes. According to Pipes, they came to a mutual and amicable "understanding that she would do better on her own."
In October 2001, Benador began her own public relations firm, Benador & Associates. After signing former C.I.A. director James Woolsey and "Daily News" columnist A.M. Rosenthal, Benador's firm built a clientele of American neo-conservatives. Benador was criticized for "acting as a kind of public-relations firm for the war."
In January 2011, Benador was appointed Goodwill Ambassador of the Shomron (Samaria) Liaison Office in the U.S. and Europe. In that capacity, she addressed the Rally in Support of Israel across the Israel Consulate in New York City, offering proportional comparison by population of the United States to the numbers of Israeli victims of terrorist attacks; according to Benador the 1,200 Israelis victimized from 2000 to 2010 would correspond to 50,297 Americans, while the 8,342 wounded would compare to 350,000.

</doc>
<doc id="19817942" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817942" title="Memphis (genus)">
Memphis (genus)

Memphis, described by Jacob Hübner in 1819, is a Neotropical nymphalid butterfly genus in the subfamily Charaxinae.
There are 61 species in the genus. All are Neotropical and the undersides of the wings closely resemble dead leaves.
In the past "Memphis" was considered a subgenus of "Anaea".
Species.
Listed alphabetically within groups.
Species-group pasibula:
Species-group aureola:
Species-group verticordia:
Species-group arginussa:
Species-group hedemanni:
Species-group glauce:
Species-group appias:
Species-group polycarmes:
Species-group moruus:
Species-group eribotes:
Species-group iphis:
Ungrouped:
(Cramer, 1776)<!.-- BiolJLinnSoc74:1. --.>

</doc>
<doc id="19817952" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817952" title="Janko Vranyczany-Dobrinović">
Janko Vranyczany-Dobrinović

Janko Vranyczany-Dobrinović (born May 1, 1920) is a former Croatian politician and diplomat. Vranyczany-Dobrinović is of noble descent from Austro-Hungarian times. As such, his name is sometimes prefixed with the titles of either "grof" or "barun" (count or baron).
During World War II, Vranyczany-Dobrinović entered the Army of the Independent State of Croatia and was sent to Stockerau. He attained the rank of a warrant officer ("zastavnik") and was part of the Lorković-Vokić coup. After the war he was taken by Yugoslav Partisans to a prison camp in Osijek. With the help of pre-war friends in the Communist Youth, he was able to leave the camp and escaped the country for Italy. He then moved to Austria. When the communists came to power in Yugoslavia, the Vranyczany-Dobrinović's property was nationalized.
With democratic changes happening in the republics of Yugoslavia, Vranyczany-Dobrinović was able to return to Croatia after nearly 45 years abroad. He joined the Croatian Democratic Union. He served as minister of tourism from 1990 to 1992 in Croatia's first democratically elected government. From 1992 he served as the head of Croatia's permanent mission to the European Union in Brussels. In 2000 he was removed from the post as part of a widespread turnaround of Croatian foreign diplomats. In 2004, he represented the Croatian president at the beatification of Austria-Hungary's final emperor, Charles I.

</doc>
<doc id="19817956" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817956" title="Headscarf controversy in Turkey">
Headscarf controversy in Turkey

Turkey has been a secular state since it was founded by Mustafa Kemal Atatürk in 1923. He introduced the secularization of the state in the Turkish Constitution of 1924, alongside Atatürk's Reforms. These were in accordance with the Kemalist Ideology, with a strict appliance of laicite in the constitution. Atatürk saw headscarves as backward-looking and an obstacle to his campaign to secularize and modernize the new Turkish Republic. The issue of the headscarf debate has been very intense and controversial since it was banned. Turkey is a secular country and over 95% of its people are Muslims. It has resulted in a clash between those favouring the secular principles of the state, such as the Turkish Army, and those who are more conservative with their religious beliefs.
Banning of headscarves.
With a constitutional principle of official secularism, the Turkish government has traditionally banned women who wear headscarves from working in the public sector. The ban applies to teachers, lawyers, parliamentarians and others working on state premises. The ban on headscarves in the civil service and educational and political institutions was expanded to cover non-state institutions. Female lawyers and journalists who refused to comply with the ban were expelled from public buildings such as courtrooms and universities.
In the late 1970s and early 1980s, the number of university students wearing headscarves increased substantially and in 1984, the first widespread application of headscarf ban came into effect at the universities, but throughout the 1980s and 1990s, the ban was not uniformly enforced and many students were able to graduate. The headscarf ban in public spaces, including schools and universities (public and private), courts of law, government offices and other official institutions, is only for students, workers and public servants. Hence, mothers of pupils or visitors have no problems at all entering the primary schools, but they would not be able to work as teachers. Similarly, at the courts of law, the ban only involves judges, attorneys, lawyers and other workers. Wearing headscarves in photos on official documents like licenses, passports, and university enrollment documents is also prohibited. Universities and schools refused registering women students unless they submit ID photographs with bared hair and neck.
A regulation in, 16 July 1982 specified that: "the clothing and appearances of personnel working at public institutions; the rule that female civil servants' head must be uncovered".
An interpretation of this law in 1997 extended the ban to the wearing of headscarves in all universities in Turkey. The debate over headscarves in universities has been the most contentious of all and has been an important element in the politics of Turkey since 2000.
Workplace.
According to Country Reports 2007, women who wore headscarves and their supporters "were disciplined or lost their jobs in the public sector" (US 11 March 2008, Sec. 2.c). Human Rights Watch (HRW) reports that in late 2005, the Administrative Supreme Court ruled that a teacher was not eligible for a promotion in her school because she wore a headscarf outside of work (Jan. 2007). An immigration counsellor at the Embassy of Canada in Ankara stated in 27 April 2005 correspondence with the Research Directorate that public servants are not permitted to wear a headscarf while on duty, but headscarved women may be employed in the private sector. In 12 April 2005 correspondence sent to the Research Directorate, a professor of political science specializing in women's issues in Turkey at Bogazici University in Istanbul indicated that women who wear a headscarf "could possibly be denied employment in private or government sectors." Conversely, some municipalities with a more traditional constituency might attempt to hire specifically those women who wear a headscarf (Professor 12 April 2005). The professor did add, however, that headscarved women generally experience difficulty in obtaining positions as teachers, judges, lawyers, or doctors in the public service (ibid.). More recent or corroborating information on the headscarf ban in the public service could not be found among the sources consulted by the Research Directorate.
The London-based Sunday Times reports that while the ban is officially in place only in the public sphere, many private firms similarly avoid hiring women who wear headscarves (6 May 2007). MERO notes that women who wear headscarves may have more difficulty finding a job or obtaining a desirable wage (Apr. 2008), although this could not be corroborated among the sources consulted by the Research Directorate.
Medical care.
According to the Sunday Times, headscarves are banned inside Turkish hospitals, and doctors may not don a headscarf on the job (6 May 2007). Nevertheless, MERO reports that under Turkey's current administration, seen by secularists to have a hidden religious agenda (The New York Times 19 February 2008; Washington Post 26 February 2008), doctors who wear headscarves have been employed in some public hospitals (MERO Apr. 2008).
The professor of political science at Bogazici University in Turkey stated that, in addition to never having come across any cases where women wearing headscarves had been denied access to medical care in private or public medical centres, he felt it would be unlikely that this would occur (12 April 2005). The Immigration Counsellor at the Embassy of Canada in Ankara stated that "women who wear headscarves have full access to medical care" (27 April 2005), though news reports and NGO reports to the UN confirm that "women wearing the headscarf have been denied medical care in Turkish hospitals."
Attempts at lifting ban.
Prime Minister Erdoğan campaigned in his victorious 2007 campaign with a promise of lifting the longstanding ban on headscarves in public institutions. However, as the Turkish deputies voted in Parliament, tens of thousands protested outside in favour of the ban.
On February 7, 2008, the Turkish Parliament passed an amendment to the constitution, allowing women to wear the headscarf in Turkish universities, arguing that many women would not seek an education if they could not wear the head scarf. The main political party, the Justice and Development Party and a key opposition party, the Nationalist Movement Party claimed that it was an issue of human rights and freedoms. The Parliament voted 403-107 (a majority of 79 per cent) in favour of the first amendment, which was inserted into the constitution stating that everyone has the right to equal treatment from state institutions. However the move resulted in opposition throughout Turkey. The country's educational board and numerous universities vowed to defy the new law. In addition, the main pro-secular, opposition party of the Republican People's Party asked the constitutional court to block the new law passed, and viewed it is a move towards an Islamic state. Thousands of demonstrators supporting the ban also gathered near the Parliament against the move by the government.
Lifting of ban annulled.
On 5 June 2008, Turkey's Constitutional Court annulled the parliament's proposed amendment intended to lift the headscarf ban, ruling that removing the ban was against the founding principles of the constitution. The highest court's decision to uphold the headscarf ban cannot be appealed (AP 7 June 2008).

</doc>
<doc id="19817967" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19817967" title="Martin city gate">
Martin city gate

The Martin city gate is one of three still existing city gates of the German city of Cochem.
History.
The Martin city gate was built in 1352 according to an order of elector Baldwin of Luxembourg, the archbishop of Trier. It was built as a toll house. A chain, connecting the city gate with the opposite border of the river Mosel could stop ships trying to escape their duty of paying taxes.
Later on a new owner, Louis Ravené, created a storing room for ice in the small tower of the city gate.

</doc>
<doc id="19818008" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818008" title="Unexpected Riches">
Unexpected Riches

Unexpected Riches is a 1942 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Herbert Glazer. It was the 211th Our Gang short (211th episode, 122nd talking short, 123rd talking episode, and 42nd MGM produced episode).
Plot.
Weighing themselves on a penny machine, the gang receives a fortune card predicting that they will receive "unexpected riches." Acting upon this, the kids decide to dig for buried treasure, using a fradulent map provided by one of their wise-guy acquaintances. Though the treasure hunt comes a-cropper, the fortune card's prediction comes true in an unexpected fashion.
Notes.
This is the last appearance of George McFarland as Spanky, ending his eleven-year tenure with the series. Billie "Buckwheat" Thomas would remain the only holdover from the Hal Roach "Our Gang" era to stay with the series until its end in 1944.

</doc>
<doc id="19818009" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818009" title="Georg Frederik Hallager">
Georg Frederik Hallager

Georg Frederik Hallager (1816 – 1876) was a Dano-Norwegian legal scholar and judge.
He was born in Copenhagen, and migrated to Norway in 1827. He was hired as a university lecturer at the Royal Frederick University in 1841, and was promoted to professor in 1847. He left this position in 1864 to become Supreme Court Assessor.
He was the father of jurist and County Governor Guthorm Hallager.

</doc>
<doc id="19818054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818054" title="Leandro Samaroni">
Leandro Samaroni

Leandro Samaroni (born June 26, 1971) is a retired Brazilian footballer.

</doc>
<doc id="19818063" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818063" title="Cingulin-like 1">
Cingulin-like 1

Cingulin-like 1 also known as paracingulin or junction-associated-coiled-coil protein (JACOP) is a protein which is encoded by the "CGNL1" gene.
The paracingulin polypeptide comprises a globular N-terminal "head" domain and an α-helical C-terminal domain which is presumed to form a coiled-coil dimer. Paracingulin is a paralog of cingulin that arose probably from gene duplication. The CGNL1 gene is conserved among different vertebrate species and has not been so far identified in invertebrates. The homology search highlights that paracingulin and cingulin have 39% identity in the rod tail sequences. They possess also two highly homologous regions in their N-terminus “head” domain including the ZIM region (ZO-1 interaction motif).
The etymology of the name cingulin comes from the Latin "cingere" which means « to form a belt around ». Both, cingulin and paracingulin are localized in the cytoplasmic face of tight junctions (TJ). The prefix « para » refers to “paralog”. However, immunoelectron microscopy indicates that paracingulin is not only localized in the TJ but also in the adherens junctions (AJ) depending on tissue type. TJ and AJ together form the apical junctional complex (AJC) of vertebrate epithelial cells. The proteins present in this complex play a role in many cellular processes i.e., in the adhesion and barrier function of epithelia, the organization and dynamics of the cytoskeleton, as well as the regulation of Rho-GTPase family.
Paracingulin interacts with cingulin and PLEKHA7 (as revealed by a yeast two-hybrid screen) as well as ZO-1, this latter through the ZIM region. JACOP is recruited to the TJ through interaction with ZO-1 (TJ-associated plaque protein, belonging to the membrane-associated guanylate kinase family) but is recruited to the AJ via interaction of it N-terminus head with PLEKHA7. 
Unlike cingulin, paracingulin associates with actin filaments in different types of culture cells and its localization at the apical junctional complex is perturbed by treatment with the microtubule drug nocodazole. Paracingulin regulates the activity of Rho family GTPases like RhoA, Rac1 and Cdc42 by interacting with their respective GEFs (guanine nucleotide exchange factor), GEF-H1, Tiam1 and GAPs to the epithelial junction during the formation of cell-cell junction. The regulation of these GTPases is crucial for cell growth, activation of kinases and cytoskeletal organization.
Discovery.
CGNL1 was originally discovered in 1997 as a 155 kDa protein localized at epithelial and endothelial cell-cell junctions by using a new monoclonal antibody produced through immunization with a cell-cell junction enriched in plasma membrane fraction from chick liver. Subsequently, cloning and sequencing of the CGNL1 gene identified the similarity to cingulin.
Localization.
Paracingulin has been localized in epithelial and in endothelial tissues by immunofluorescence and immunoelectron microscopy. It localizes at junctions of epithelial cells, both at tight junctions and adherens junctions depending on cell tissue:
Paracingulin can also be found in non-junctional sites in some tissues for example in the cytoplasm and at the base of the cells. Finally, in isolated cells, paracingulin is localized at the cell periphery, unlike cingulin and ZO-1 and was detected in the leading edges of migrating cells.
Structure and Interactions.
Human paracingulin is composed of 1302 amino acids with a predicted molecular weight of 148 kDa. Sequence similarity searches show that paracingulin is most similar to cingulin and comprises three major structural domains: A globular head (residues 1-598), a central coiled-coil rod domain (residues 599-1262) and a small globular tail domain at its C-terminus (residues 1263-1302). It is also predicted that this protein form a dimer through its coiled-coil rod domain. Both head and rod-tail domains associate with epithelial tight junctions when transfected into epithelail cells. Additionally, the head domain interacts with actin filaments independently of the Rod domain although the association is stabilized when the head is part of the full-length molecule. As its homologue cingulin, the head domain of paracingulin has a ZO-1 Interacting Motif (ZIM) that is involved in its junctional recruitment to tight junctions through ZO-1. Also, the head domain interacts with PLEKHA7, a protein present in the zonula adhaerens of epithelial cells, and this interaction is important for CGNL1 recruitment to adherens junctions. In addition the paracingulin interacts with the Rho GEF GEF-H1, the Rac1 GEF Tiam1 Tiam1, and it forms a complex with CD2AP and SH3BP1. Association of paracingulin with the apical junctional complex is a highly dynamic process, and requires the integrity of both microtubule and actin cytoskeleton.
Function.
The function of paracingulin has been mainly studied using knockdown approaches. Paracingulin locally regulates the activity of some members of the Rho GTPases family at the apical junctional region, thus participating to junction assembly and maintenance. Depletion of paracingulin by shRNA in cultured kidney cells (MDCK) does not alter tight or adherens junctions organization. However, it leads to increased levels of the mRNA encoding the tight junction proteins ZO-3 and claudin-2, as well as increased levels of the ZO-3 protein, whereas when combined with the depletion of cingulin, it causes a decrease in the expression of these proteins.
Paracingulin plays also a role in the initial phase of junction assembly. Indeed, its depletion in the experimental model of “calcium switch”, which allows the study of Calcium-dependant junction formation, causes delayed tight junction assembly, correlating with a decrease in the Rac1 GTPase activity. The rod domain of the protein is critically involved in this Rac1-dependent regulation of junction assembly, as its overexpression mimicks the effect of paracingulin depletion; by the way, this also suggests that the head domain somehow prevents its action within the full-length protein. The phenotype can be rescued by an increase in Rac1 activity driven by overexpression of the GEF Tiam1, but not by increased RhoA activity. Indeed, paracingulin can interact with and thus recruit Tiam1 to the junction, allowing the local activation of Rac1 Both paracingulin depletion and overexpression experiments also leaded to the conclusion that it as well interacts with and recruits SH3BP1, which is an activator of the Rho GTPases Cdc42 and Rac1 involved in epithelial junction formation in association with the filamentous actin-capping protein CapZ, by controlling actin-driven membrane remodeling. Paracingulin thus really acts as an adaptator for Rho GTPase regulators at the apical junctional region, and possibly at other cellular sites, because of its extra-junctional localization. In addition, cingulin and paracingulin have similar dynamics, partially overlapping subcellular localizations, and distinct interactions with the actin and microtubule cytoskeletons.
Homolog.
The CGNL1 gene is conserved in chimpanzee, Rhesus monkey, dog, cow, mouse, rat, chicken, and zebrafish. Cingulin-like 1 and cingulin are homologous proteins with a good degree of similarity in sequence and domain organization. 
The mouse homolog of CGNL1 has been designated JACOP (junction-associated coiled-coil protein). JACOP is recruited to the junctional complex in epithelial cells and to cell-cell contacts in fibroblasts. It has been suggested that JACOP is involved in anchoring cell-cell contacts to actin-based cytoskeletons within cells.
Diseases.
Paracingulin has been so far implicated in two diseases:

</doc>
<doc id="19818064" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818064" title="Artjoms Rudņevs">
Artjoms Rudņevs

Artjoms Rudņevs (born 13 January 1988) is a Latvian footballer who plays as a striker for Bundesliga club Hannover 96, on loan from Hamburger SV, and the Latvian national football team.
Club career.
Early career and ZTE.
Rudņevs started his career with his local club FC Daugava in Daugavpils, where he played until February 2009 when he signed a contract with the Hungarian club Zalaegerszegi TE. There was a problem with the new contract after signing because the previous one with Daugava was still active, so FIFA was involved. In May 2009, he finally made his debut. Rudņevs played in Hungary for three seasons, scoring 20 goals in 30 league matches.
Lech Poznań.
In July 2010, rumors appeared that the Ekstraklasa club Lech Poznań were interested in signing him. Later on these rumors were verified and Rudņevs joined the club on trial. After a successful trial at the club and after passing the medical tests, Lech started signing talks with ZTE. Clubs couldn't agree the transfer fee for a long time and, when it was done, the Polish side failed in talks with the player about the individual contract. It seemed that the talks were over but in August, after Rudņevs had scored two goals in the season opener, the Polish club board and ZTE reopened the discussions. This time talks were successful and Rudņevs signed a four-year contract with the Polish side.
2010–11 season.
In his debut in Lech Poznań jersey against Widzew Łódź he scored a goal. The upcoming matches were even more successful as he managed to score three more goals in five consecutive matches until 11 September 2010. It turned out to be the winning goal as Lech won 2–1. Five days later he was on the score sheet again, scoring a hat-trick in a game against Juventus in the Europa League, the first goal a coolly slotted penalty, the second a scissor kick from three yards and the third an equalizing long-yard kick deep into injury time. Rudņevs himself stated that this had been "the best match of his career so far".
Until the end of the Polish Ekstraklasa season, Rudņevs managed to score 11 goals in 27 matches and finished the championship as the fourth top-scorer of the league. On 1 December 2010, he scored yet again against Juventus, saying afterwards that Juventus' goalkeeper Alexander Manninger is his "favourite goalkeeper to play against". The match ended 1–1, a result that gained Lech progress to the next round and at the same time eliminated Juventus from the competition. In the first match against SC Braga in the last 16 of the UEFA Europa League, Rudņevs scored a goal as Lech won 1–0. However, in the second match Lech lost 0–2 and were knocked out of the Europa League. With five goals in the Europa League, Rudņevs became the fourth top scorer, sharing this achievement with four other players.
2011–12 season.
He became an immediate top-scorer of the league, as of December 2011, having scored 18 goals in 17 league matches. In the start of January 2012 Rudņevs was named the best player of the Ekstraklasa in 2011 by Polish Footballers' Association. Rudņevs finished the season with 22 goals in 29 league matches, becoming the top-scorer. On 8 May 2012, the supervisory board of the German Bundesliga team Hamburger SV agreed on the transfer after the season 2011/2012. On 11 May, the transfer was officially confirmed by both clubs.
Hamburger SV.
In the 2012–13 season, Rudņevs became the first Latvian football player in the Bundesliga. Hamburger SV started the season with three consecutive losses in which Rudņevs filled the stat sheet with only one assist. Rudņevs scored his first goal in the Bundesliga on 26 September 2012 in a 2–2 draw against Borussia Mönchengladbach. All in all, in his first season with Hamburg Rudņevs appeared in 34 league matches, scored 12 goals and gave four assists, becoming the top scorer of his team alongside Son Heung-Min, who also netted 12 times. Rudņevs lost his place in the starting eleven in the start of the 2013–14 Bundesliga season.
International career.
Rudņevs was firstly called up to the national side on 12 November 2008 for the friendly match against Estonia. He started this match in the first eleven. Rudņevs also played for the U-21 side. He was called up to the national side again in January 2010 for the friendly match against South Korea. Rudņevs started the UEFA Euro 2012 qualifying matches in the first eleven alongside Māris Verpakovskis, putting Ģirts Karlsons on the bench. On 7 October 2011, he scored his first international goal in the 2–0 victory over Malta in a Euro 2012 qualifying match.
Personal life.
Rudņevs is married and has a daughter born in 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="19818078" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818078" title="József Szakovics">
József Szakovics

József Szakovics, Slovene Jožef Sakovič, German orthography Joseph Sakowitsch (February 2, 1874 – September 22, 1930), was a Slovene Roman Catholic priest and author in the Prekmurje region (then known in Hungarian as "Vendvidék"). Szakovics was a defender of the linguistic rights of the Hungarian Slovenes and their Slovene identity, promoting the use of the Prekmurian language of Slovenian.
He was born in Vadarci (Tiborfa before 1919), then in the Hungarian half of Austria-Hungary, as the son of Hungarian Slovenes Mátyás Szakovics and Ilona Mácsek. He studied theology in Szombathely, and was consecrated as a priest on July 2, 1899. He served as a parish vicar in Pápóc and a chaplain in Zalaegerszeg. In 1900, he became a chaplain in Rechnitz in the region known today as Burgenland, and later in Črenšovci (1901), Tótszentmárton (1902), Tišina (1905), and Weiden bei Rechnitz (1906). In 1906, he became a parish vicar in Beltinci, and in 1909 in Cankova. From 1909 to 1913 he served as a vicar in Alsószölnök, near Szentgotthárd, in an ethnically mixed area inhabited by Germans, Slovenes, and Magyars. From 1913 to 1917, he was a vicar in Turnišče, and later the parish priest there until 1928. He died 1930 in Alsószölnök, Hungary.
In 1904, he revised the prayer-book of Miklós Küzmics (originally published in 1780). This prayer-book had five reprints in the following years and it has been used since by Slovenian Catholic families in Prekmurje.
In 1918 Szakovics and other Slovenian politicians (József Klekl, Jószef Csárics, Iván Bassa and István Kühár) worked out a program for an independent Slovene March. This was to have been an autonomous entity within Hungary, or independent country, or constituent of Yugoslavia.

</doc>
<doc id="19818096" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818096" title="David Popescu">
David Popescu

David Popescu may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19818114" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818114" title="Lorentz Lange">
Lorentz Lange

Lorentz Lange (23 December 1783 - 8 March 1860) was a Norwegian judge and politician.
He was born in Vang, Hedmark.
He was appointed by the government as the first Professor of Law at the University of Oslo in 1816, where he served until 1825. From 1825 to 1858 he served as Supreme Court Assessor.
He was elected to the first session of the Parliament of Norway in 1814, representing the constituency Christiansand. He was re-elected in 1815. In 1833 he was re-elected for a third term, representing the constituency of Akershus Amt.

</doc>
<doc id="19818127" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818127" title="Davča, Železniki">
Davča, Železniki

Davča () is a scattered settlement in the Municipality of Železniki in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia. Davščica Creek flows past the settlement. The Cerkno Ski Resort is partially located in the settlement.
Name.
The settlement may have been attested in written sources in 1345 as "de Dauonça", but reliably in 1500 and 1515 as "in der Allss". The initial "d-" in the name is derived either from the Romance preposition "ad" 'at' or the German article "d(ie)", making the name related to place names such as "Avče" and probably related to the Friulian hydronym "Auzza" or "Aussa", which is of pre-Romance origin. It may ultimately be derived from Celtic "*alika" 'wild service tree' or "*alisa" 'alder'. See "Dragonja" for a similar name with a fused initial "d-".

</doc>
<doc id="19818147" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818147" title="Wauba Debar">
Wauba Debar

Wauba Debar (1792–1832) was a female Tasmanian aborigine. Her grave is a historic site located in the east coast Tasmanian town of Bicheno, which memorialises her rescue of two sealers, one of them her husband, when their ship was wrecked about 1 km from shore during a storm. She assisting first her husband, then the other sealer safely to shore.
The grave site overlooks Waubs Bay and Warbs Harbour both of which were named after her, and is listed on the Tasmanian Heritage list.
Wauba Debar, as a teenager, was one of many aboriginal women kidnapped and enslaved by sealers and whalers for sexual partners during the European colonisation of Tasmania. She was a strong swimmer.
She died in a boat off the coast whilst travelling towards the Furneaux Group and her body was brought ashore and buried. Local settlers raised funds in 1855 to erect the headstone on her grave, immortalising her act of heroism.

</doc>
<doc id="19818169" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818169" title="Dolenja Vas, Železniki">
Dolenja Vas, Železniki

Dolenja Vas (, ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Železniki in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.

</doc>
<doc id="19818172" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818172" title="Tyson Cane">
Tyson Cane

Tyson Cane (born May 17, 1972) is an African-American gay pornographic actor who appeared in pornographic films and magazines in the late 1990s and early 2000s. He then moved on to create his own short-lived film production company. He currently works as a director.
Early life, education, and early career.
In a "More Starz" interview Cane's birthplace was identified as Dalton, Georgia; in a "Black Inches" interview a few years earlier, however, he gave Dolphin, Alabama as his place of birth. Cane has stated he served in the military as a tank operator in the 13th Bravo Field Artillery.
Cane says that he entered the gay adult industry after encountering Kristen Bjorn in Florida. One of the first films in which he appeared was "The Anchor Hotel" by Kristen Bjorn Productions. This movie appeared alongside numerous others in the late 1990s. Early on in his career, Cane was featured on the cover of "Black Inches", which ran a pictorial shot by glamor photographer Anneli Adolfsson.'
Career.
Cane has worked for some of the best-known gay film companies: Falcon Entertainment, Lucas Entertainment, Channel 1 Releasing, and Bacchus, among others. Cane acted both as a top and as a bottom; he never made an appearance in films featuring bareback or other unsafe sexual practices.
In February, 2003, Cane teamed up with Enrico Vega to found Tyson Vega Videos, which released its first production, "Manhattan Fantasies", in December of that year. The association with Vega did not last long, however, so that Tyson Vega Videos soon became Tyson Cane Videos. After producing several films, Cane sold his interest in the company to RAD Video in March 2007.
As of late 2008, he is active as a director for a company called "Alpha Dawgz."
Views.
Two factors appear to have driven Tyson Cane's career. On the one hand, he has emphasized his desire "to try and change the industry and the image of African American models. That's why I worked with Falcon. I was the first black person to work with Falcon as a model. … I went after companies that purposely didn't work with black guys …" Even if Cane's claim about being Falcon's first black model is not true, there can be little doubt that the gay adult industry continues to be racially segregated. Cane seems to see himself as a pioneer in breaking up stereotypes. In this context, it is worth noting that he has supported the New York chapter of Men of All Colors Together (MACT). His videography shows, however, that the reality of the gay adult industry has forced him back into all-ethnic productions.
Cane's second motivation is connected with the first: instead of appearing in "videos from the black companies were cheaply done,", Cane wanted to work for "the top companies," "the best companies." He claims that he had to promise his parents to excel to make them accept his career choice.

</doc>
<doc id="19818190" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818190" title="Panoramic View of King George's Sound, Part of the Colony of Swan River">
Panoramic View of King George's Sound, Part of the Colony of Swan River

"Panoramic View of King George's Sound, Part of the Colony of Swan River" is a panoramic hand-coloured print published in 1834 by Robert Havell, based on sketches by Robert Dale.
Background.
Robert Dale was an ensign in the 63rd Regiment of Foot, which was posted to Western Australia in 1829. He was assigned to the Surveyor-General's department, and thus spent his four years in the colony exploring and surveying. He was the first European to cross the Darling Range, and was thus the discoverer of the fertile Avon Valley.
The "Panoramic View of King George's Sound" originated with sketches made by Dale from the summit of Mount Clarence. As an experienced topographic surveyor and cartographer with military training in field sketching, Dale's sketches were a highly accurate and effective representation of the scene.
In 1833, Dale returned to London. Shortly afterwards he completed his sketches, and engaged publisher Robert Havell to have them made into a panorama. A prospectus was advertised, in which the project was dedicated to the Royal Geographical Society.
As it was Havell who arranged for the sketches to be etched, printed and hand-coloured, he is sometimes erroneously credited as the author.
The print.
The panorama is 19 centimetres high and 274.2 centimetres long. It was printed in eight distinct panels, then hand-coloured, and the panels joined. The print presents a view from the summit of Mount Clarence. In the foreground is illustrated the granite outcrops characteristic of the geology of the region, and the distinctive plant genera, including "Banksia", "Zamia", "Xanthorrhoea", "Kingia" and "Nuytsia". The middle ground shows Indigenous Australians engaged in various cultural pursuits including hunting, fishing and possum hunting; also shown is Indigenous Australians in friendly conversation with white soldiers. Beyond this is a neatly laid out town site, being the present-day town of Albany. The background shows the major geographical and physical features, including Oyster Bay, King George Sound, Princess Royal Harbour, the Porongurup Range and the Stirling Range.
George Fletcher Moore saw a print of the panorama in 1835, remarking in his diary: 
Janda Gooding has analysed the subtext of the panorama. She argues that it "present a complex construct of race, place and local politics" and "maps out a series of relationships, including representations of racial superiority that support and enable British military, political, social and economic aims." Or particular importance is the way in which it depicts "two cultures in harmony with each other and their environment"; this would be reassuring to prospective British emigrants to the colony.
The accompanying pamphlet.
Dale intended the panorama to be sold in a roll accompanied by an explanatory pamphlet entitled "Descriptive account of the panoramic view, &c. of King George's Sound, and the adjacent country". In addition to providing detailed information on the panorama, this pamphlet gave an account of the events leading up to the killing and beheading of the Indigenous warrior Yagan. Dale had brought Yagan's head to London, and had entered into an arrangement with Thomas Pettigrew whereby Pettigrew was given the exclusive right to exhibit the head at his parties. Pettigrew in turn displayed the head in front of a copy of Dale's panorama, and encouraged his guests to buy a panorama as a souvenir of their evening.
Thus, if Dale's panorama is intended to depict racial harmony, its purpose was contradicted by the accompanying pamphlet. It has been suggested that Dale included the information on Yagan in order to support his friend, Lieutenant-Governor Frederick Chidley Irwin, who had returned to London along with Dale in order to justify the killing of Yagan to his superiors.

</doc>
<doc id="19818206" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818206" title="Sustainopreneurship">
Sustainopreneurship

Sustainopreneurship (a portmanteau of sustainability and entrepreneurship) is the use of business organizing to solve problems related to social and environmental sustainability. It is a "“business with a cause”" - where world problems are turned into business opportunities by deployment of sustainability innovations. It is similar to social entrepreneurship.
Conceptual development.
The business world has been nominated as a premier force for creating a sustainable world, especially when acting as a source of innovation and creativity - e. g. as Robinson (2004:378) puts it:
Sustainopreneurship is a candidate to be the accentuating factor to give even more leverage to forces emerging from world of business activities to contribute to sustainability. The concept of sustainopreneurship was first introduced as a term in 2000 where it was predominantly related to the proactive change management approaches associated with process adjustment with increased respect to the environment. The phenomenon developed with publications in 2003, and further evolved and was tentatively defined in 2006 by Anders Abrahamsson. This tentative definition was empirically tested in his Master thesis, where the enactive research process confirmed that the definition stood the test contrasting it towards the auto-ethnographical empirical material. A paper to identify future research challenges was made beyond this in 2007, and developed further with a book chapter published in September 2008.
In general, the entrepreneurial discourse has opened up to move beyond a strictly economic phenomenon, rather than being perceived primarily as a social process at large. Preceding the conceptual formation were two traces of social entrepreneurship and eco-preneurship, dealing primarily with the social and ecological dimensions of sustainability. Primary associations with social entrepreneurship have also been establishing not-for-profit venturing and charities to innovatively address and solve social problems, whereas ecopreneurship has been primarily focused on solving environmental problems. See Principles of ecopreneurship.
Both these traces of conceptual development are taken beyond, merge and integrate into the suggested conceptual construct at hand, where distinctions are made from both of these concepts – sustainopreneurial processes taking place institutionally through for-profit organizing, but not with profit as its main driving force. Sustainopreneurial venturing is done in a holistic manner that meets both ecological and social challenges simultaneously with regard to both purpose and process.
Three Main Dimensions.
The definition of sustainopreneurship needs to be highlighted by three distinguishing dimensions with all three being simultaneously present in the applied (inter)action it reflects. The first is oriented towards "why" - its purpose and motive. The second and third are reflecting two "how"-related dimensions - its process. 
1. Sustainopreneurship consciously sets out to find and/or create innovations to solve sustainability-related problems
2. Sustainopreneurship means to get solutions to the market through creative organizing 
3. Sustainopreneurship in process adds sustainability value with respect for life support systems 
Sustainable vs. Sustainability Entrepreneurship.
With these dimensions clarified and distinctions made a common conceptual vagueness or lack of clarity needs to be addressed, where a strong need to distinguish clearly between sustainable, vs. "sustainability" entrepreneurship is identified. From this point of view, a very important distinction with the concept formed is claimed - "sustainability" entrepreneurship as in the concept "sustainopreneurship; "the use of entrepreneurial activity in a "determined action orientation towards solving a sustainability-related problem" with (creative) business organizing as a "means" to solve the problem(s) – business with a cause':" to turn business activity from a part of the problem to a part of the solution." Sustainable" entrepreneurship is just a generic entrepreneurial process that takes into consideration the boundaries set by sustainability, and does not address where to and why, the destination, the purpose or the aim of the venture. The strategic intent and the business idea in itself are not related to sustainability "per se," sustainability just being an “attachment” to the entrepreneurial process. The second and third dimensions are represented, but not the first. "Sustainability" entrepreneurship, in contrast, takes as its root of existence and strategic aim to solve a sustainability-related problem. This means that all three dimensions are simultaneously present: to take a sustainability innovation to the market through creative organizing with respect for life-supporting systems in the process.
Future development.
Given its recent date, there is a need for future research, as mentioned above. Main findings here are that conceptually, a deeper analysis is needed to be conducted with a nuanced and detailed taxonomy and framework created of sustainability innovations, the core of sustainopreneurship, primarily by cataloging and categorizing case stories. It is also needed to make a more detailed description to relate sustainopreneurship to other concepts in the wider, general idea-sphere of the “business case of sustainability”, in the contemporary plethora of “buzz-words”, approaches, methods and acronyms that already exists – and in this context also to motivate why this concept adds value. 
It has been recommended, though, to keep the research applied, to identify obstacles and institutional barriers, and how to overcome them; i. e. facilitating factors for sustainopreneurship, researching prospective tools, enablers and approaches. Appropriate areas and domains for sustainopreneurship applied are recommended to be digested. Research methods recommended are Enactive Research and Open Space Technology, since they add instant value among stakeholders, and in themselves naturally builds arenas where sustainopreneurship evolves and proliferates. For progress, beyond these “how”-related pointers, the key is to single out “the big questions”, getting answers through collaborative, collective dialogue and conversation, with an explicit interaction and results orientation. Issues and topics have been formulated and outlined, where it is of striking importance with an intention to attract authentic forces potentially hearing this call of exploring the phenomenon further, with the purpose to collapse the degrees of separation in between the stakeholders of the sustainopreneurial concept - in idea, reflective practice and applied interaction to generate collective and collaborative wisdom for a deeper understanding of the concept. An association with this purpose is in its interim stages, ÆREAS(i).
Other peer-reviewed papers that connect sustainability and entrepreneurship include Leveraging Information Technology, Social Entrepreneurship, and Global Collaboration for Just Sustainable Development by Pearce, Grafman, Colledge and Legg.

</doc>
<doc id="19818280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818280" title="Deuterostome">
Deuterostome

Deuterostomes (taxonomic term: Deuterostomia; from the Greek: "second mouth") are a superphylum of animals. They are a subtaxon of the Bilateria branch of the subregnum Eumetazoa, and are opposed to the protostomes. Deuterostomes are distinguished by their embryonic development; in deuterostomes, the first opening (the blastopore) becomes the anus, while in protostomes it becomes the mouth. Deuterostomes are also known as enterocoelomates because their coelom develops through enterocoely.
There are four extant phyla of deuterostomes:
Superphylum Deuterostomia was redefined in 1995 based on molecular sequence analyses when the lophophorates were removed from it and combined with other protostome animals to form superphylum Lophotrochozoa. The phylum Chaetognatha (arrow worms) may also belong here. Extinct groups may include the phylum Vetulicolia. Echinodermata, Hemichordata and Xenoturbellida form the clade Ambulacraria. The present phylum Priapulida also has a deuterostomic development, despite being otherwise placed within the protostomes.
In both deuterostomes and protostomes, a zygote first develops into a hollow ball of cells, called a blastula. In deuterostomes, the early divisions occur parallel or perpendicular to the polar axis. This is called radial cleavage, and also occurs in certain protostomes, such as the lophophorates. Most deuterostomes display indeterminate cleavage, in which the developmental fate of the cells in the developing embryo are not determined by the identity of the parent cell. Thus if the first four cells are separated, each cell is capable of forming a complete small larva, and if a cell is removed from the blastula the other cells will compensate.
In deuterostomes the mesoderm forms as evaginations of the developed gut that pinch off, forming the coelom. This is called enterocoely.
Both the Hemichordata and Chordata have gill slits, and primitive fossil echinoderms also show signs of gill slits. A hollow nerve cord is found in all chordates, including tunicates (in the larval stage). Some hemichordates also have a tubular nerve cord. In the early embryonic stage it looks like the hollow nerve cord of chordates. Because of the degenerated nervous system of echinoderms, it is not possible to discern much about their ancestors in this matter, but based on different facts it is quite possible that all the present deuterostomes evolved from a common ancestor that had pharyngeal gill slits, a hollow nerve cord, circular and longitudinal muscles and a segmented body. It could have resembled the small group of Cambrian deuterostomes named Vetulicolia.
Formation of mouth and anus.
The defining characteristic of the deuterostome is the fact that the blastopore (the opening at the bottom of the forming gastrula) becomes the anus, whereas in protostomes the blastopore becomes the mouth. The deuterostome mouth develops at the opposite end of the embryo from the blastopore and a digestive tract develops in the middle connecting the two.
Origins.
The majority of animals more complex than jellyfish and other Cnidarians are split into two groups, the protostomes and deuterostomes. Chordates (which include all the vertebrates) are deuterostomes. It seems very likely that "Kimberella" was a member of the protostomes. If so, this means that the protostome and deuterostome lineages must have split some time before "Kimberella" appeared — at least , and hence well before the start of the Cambrian . The Ediacaran fossil "Ernietta", from about , may represent a deuterostome animal.
Fossils of one major deuterostome group, the echinoderms (whose modern members include sea stars, sea urchins and crinoids) are quite common from the start of the Cambrian, . The Mid Cambrian fossil "Rhabdotubus johanssoni" has been interpreted as a pterobranch hemichordate. Opinions differ about whether the Chengjiang fauna fossil "Yunnanozoon", from the earlier Cambrian, was a hemichordate or chordate. Another Chengjiang fossil, "Haikouella lanceolata", also from the Chengjiang fauna, is interpreted as a chordate and possibly a craniate, as it shows signs of a heart, arteries, gill filaments, a tail, a neural chord with a brain at the front end, and possibly eyes — although it also had short tentacles round its mouth. "Haikouichthys" and "Myllokunmingia", also from the Chengjiang fauna, are regarded as fish. "Pikaia", discovered much earlier but from the Mid Cambrian Burgess Shale, is also regarded as a primitive chordate. On the other hand fossils of early chordates are very rare, since non-vertebrate chordates have no bones or teeth, and none have been reported for the rest of the Cambrian.

</doc>
<doc id="19818281" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818281" title="Corinne Bailey Rae discography">
Corinne Bailey Rae discography

The discography of Corinne Bailey Rae, an English recording artist, musician, consists of two studio albums, one live album, nine singles, and eight music videos on EMI.
Bailey Rae's debut album, "Corinne Bailey Rae", was a commercial success, selling over 4 million copies worldwide and US selling over 1,900,000. The album earned four nominations for the Grammy Awards, including Best New Artist, Record of the Year and Song of the Year.

</doc>
<doc id="19818294" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818294" title="Sagatun Folk High School">
Sagatun Folk High School

Sagatun Folk High School () was a folk high school in Hamar, Norway.
The first of its kind in Norway, it was founded by Herman Anker and Olaus Arvesen in 1864. The school building was erected around 1865, and drawn by architect Emil Victor Langlet. The school was disestablished in 1892, having been headed by Arvesen from 1873 to 1878 and 1880 to 1892.

</doc>
<doc id="19818299" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818299" title="Hopkins &amp; Sutter">
Hopkins &amp; Sutter

Hopkins & Sutter was a Chicago-based law firm that practiced from 1921 to 2000, when it merged with Milwaukee-based Foley & Lardner. The firm was established by Albert Hopkins and Harry Sutter. Hopkins had worked for two years at the Interstate Commerce Commission and for one year with the predecessor to the Internal Revenue Service while Sutter was tax counsel to the Guaranty Trust Company of New York. In 1923, the firm opened an office in Washington, D.C.. Hopkins also operated an office in Detroit, Michigan. The firm was known for its expertise in tax, insurance, public policy and transportation finance work. 
In 1990, current U.S. President Barack Obama was a summer associate in the Chicago office. 
Hopkins & Sutter acquired the lobbying and public policy boutique Leonard, Ralston in 1997.
The firm merged with Foley & Lardner in 2000 and all of its 130 attorneys joined that national firm, though many partners have since departed in the years following the merger.

</doc>
<doc id="19818339" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818339" title="Marcus Nonius Macrinus">
Marcus Nonius Macrinus

Marcus Nonius Macrinus was a Roman general and statesman fl. 161 AD in the era of Emperor Marcus Aurelius. He served as Consul (suffectus) in 154, and several terms as proconsul thereafter.
According to the inscriptions on his tomb, he was originally from Brescia. During his lifetime, he served not only as an adviser to Marcus Aurelius, but also as proconsul of the Roman province of Asia.
In October 2008 his tomb was discovered by archaeologists on the banks of the river Tiber, near the Via Flaminia north of Rome.
Four years after its discovery, in December 2012, the tomb is being reburied due to lack of funds for reconstruction. It is hoped that this is a temporary measure, to preserve the fragile marble. 
In Popular Culture.
Macrinus' life was one of the inspirations for Russell Crowe's character Maximus Decimus Meridius in the 2000 feature film "Gladiator".
However, while both Marcus Nonius Macrinus and the fictitious Maximus Decimus Meridius are placed in the same time period and share similarities such as being liked and well known to Emperor Marcus Aurelius, Marcus Nonius Macrinus went on to enjoy a successful career and died a wealthy man. In the movie, Maximus Decimus Meridius is portrayed with having a much different later life, losing his family and being sold into slavery. 

</doc>
<doc id="19818340" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818340" title="Nemanja Vučićević">
Nemanja Vučićević

Nemanja Vučićević (Serbian Cyrillic: Немања Вучићевић; born 11 August 1979 in Belgrade) is a Serbian midfielder who plays for F.C. Tokyo in the Japan.
He signed for Hapoel Tel Aviv for the 2009–10 season and for Superleague Greece side AO Kavala on 11 August 2010. On 31 January 2012, Vučićević left Cypriot club Anorthosis Famagusta and signed a contract with Super Lig side Manisaspor.

</doc>
<doc id="19818346" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818346" title="Anti-tank obstacles">
Anti-tank obstacles

Anti-tank obstacles include, but are not limited to:
For implementation of various anti-tank obstacles:

</doc>
<doc id="19818355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818355" title="Olaus Arvesen">
Olaus Arvesen

Olaus Arvesen (26 September 1830 – 1 July 1917) was a Norwegian educator and politician for the Liberal Party.
He was born in Onsøy. He graduated as cand.theol. in 1862, and was influenced by the pastor and educator N. F. S. Grundtvig. While Grundtvig is often called "the father of the folk high school", Arvesen established Norway's first folk high school at Sagatun in 1864, together with Herman Anker.
Arvesen was also editor-in-chief of the newspapers "Hamar Stiftstidende" (from 1866) and "Oplandenes Avis" (from 1872). He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1892, representing the constituency Hedemarkens Amt. He was a deputy representative during the term 1985–1897. In 1900 he was elected for a second term, representing the constituency of Sarpsborg where he lived while working as a Supreme Court barrister.
He died in 1917. He was the father of violinist Arve Arvesen.

</doc>
<doc id="19818357" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818357" title="Charles Fraser-Smith">
Charles Fraser-Smith

Charles Fraser-Smith (26 January 1904 – 9 November 1992) was an author and one-time missionary who is widely credited as being the inspiration for Ian Fleming's James Bond quartermaster Q. During World War II, Fraser-Smith worked for the Ministry of Supply, fabricating equipment nicknamed "Q-devices" (after Q-ships) for SOE agents operating in occupied Europe. Prior to the war, Fraser-Smith had worked as a missionary in North Africa. After the war he purchased a dairy farm in Bratton Fleming, Devon, where he died in 1992.
Early life.
Charles Fraser-Smith was the son of a solicitor who owned a wholesale grocery business; he was orphaned at age seven. He was then brought up by a Christian missionary family in Hertfordshire. He went to school at Brighton College, where he was described as "scholastically useless except for woodwork and science and making things." 
On leaving school he veered from one occupation after another, working as a prep school teacher in Portsmouth, a motorcycle messenger rider, and an aircraft factory worker. Eventually, inspired by his foster family, he went to Morocco as a Christian missionary. Returning to England in 1939, he gave a Sunday sermon at the Open Brethren Evangelical Church in Leeds. In the sermon, Fraser-Smith described his practice of bricolage, and the necessity of procuring supplies from just about any source. In the congregation were two officials of Britain's Ministry of Supply, who were impressed by his adventures. As a result the Director of the Ministry of Supply offered him what he later described as "a funny job in London".
Wartime experiences.
Officially, Fraser-Smith was a temporary civil servant for the Ministry of Supply's Clothing and Textile Department (Dept. CT6). In reality, he developed and supplied gadgets and other equipment for section XV of Britain's World War II intelligence organization, the Special Operations Executive. Travelling by train from his home in Hertfordshire to a small office in the clothing department of the Ministry of Supply, near St. James's Park in London, Fraser-Smith was actually working at the direction of MI6 in the nearby Minimax House. Performing a job so secret that neither his secretary nor his boss knew what he was doing, Fraser-Smith invented numerous ingenious gadgets intended to help prisoners of war to escape and to aid SOE agents gathering information on Nazi activities in occupied Europe. 
His first order was to counterfeit Spanish Army uniforms for a proposed SOE plan to infiltrate agents into neutral Spain to prevent it from entering the war on the side of Germany. He dealt directly with the textile suppliers, ultimately using more than 300 firms in and around London, many of them had no idea what they were making or why, to make equipment for secret operations.
Initially Fraser-Smith supplied clothing and standard props (from second-hand sources) for SOE agents working behind enemy lines, but SOE directives and his taste for gadgetry led him to develop a wide range of spy and escape devices, including miniature cameras inside cigarette lighters, shaving brushes containing film, hairbrushes containing a map and saw, pens containing hidden compasses, steel shoelaces that doubled as garrottes or gigli saws, an asbestos-lined pipe for carrying secret documents, and much more.
Directed to make copies of a new type of Luftwaffe life jacket, he made discoveries that were subsequently incorporated as standard in RAF "Mae Wests", including the use of a compressed air cylinder for inflating the jacket and a pouch filled with a powerful fluorescent dye for spotting of a downed airman at sea.
In an example of lateral thinking, Fraser-Smith used a special left-hand thread for the disguised screw-off top of a hidden-document container; he suggested this would prevent discovery by the "unswerving logic of the German mind", as no German would ever think of trying to unscrew something the wrong way. 
At one point his expenses were challenged by a senior Treasury official over the extravagant costs of an order for packets of 12 razor blades. Fraser-Smith asked for a treasury costing clerk to accompany him on a visit to the company to determine whether or not they were profiteering. After checking that the clerk had signed the Official Secrets Act, the clerk reviewed the costs, which were in fact for a top-secret kit designed to aid SOE agents with escape and evasion. The clerk discovered that the company was in fact undercharging as they had not claimed the regulation profit. As a result the supplier was directed to submit a new invoice with every item fully justified that, including the proper profit, was therefore greater than the original. Fraser-Smith never had a bill queried after that.
Fraser-Smith later estimated that 50% of the orders he received were exact specifications, 40% were approximate specifications and 10% were his own idea. He called his inventions "Q gadgets", after the Q ships, warships disguised as freighters, which were deployed in the First World War. This may have been the basis of Ian Fleming's use of "Q" to refer to the suppliers of James Bond's gadgetry.
Fraser-Smith was not the only gadget-master working for British intelligence during World War II. The SOE had various secret research and development laboratories including Station IX at the Natural History Museum and Station XII at the Frythe Hotel. Christopher Clayton Hutton of MI9, a clandestine unit within A-Force which specialised in escape and evasion, was also an inventor and deception-theorist. Major Jasper Maskelyne, a stage magician, also developed secret sabotage and subterfuge devices for MI-9.
Operation Mincemeat.
Fraser was also involved in the intelligence operation codenamed Operation Mincemeat, which was designed to drop a body, carrying false papers to mislead the Nazis, off the Spanish coast. He was tasked with designing a trunk, 6' 2" long and 3' wide, to carry a "deadweight" of 200 lb that would be preserved in dry ice. When the dry ice evaporated, it filled the canister with carbon dioxide and drove out any oxygen, thus preserving the body without refrigeration. The plot that was the basis of the book (and later film) "The Man Who Never Was".
Later life.
After the war, Fraser-Smith bought a rundown dairy farm in Bratton Fleming, in southwest England. It became a profitable business. In the late 1970s, his family persuaded him to seek permission to write a book about his wartime exploits. With clearance under the Official Secrets Act he wrote several, donating the royalties to charity.
He had kept examples of most of his gadgets, and an exhibit of his wartime works was presented at the Exmoor Steam Railway, a tourist attraction in Bratton Fleming. Once a year, Fraser-Smith would spend a week explaining their workings to visitors. 
Charles Fraser-Smith died at his home of undisclosed causes in 1992, survived by his wife, Selina, and two children, Brian and Christine, by a previous marriage to Blanche Ellis. "Live and Let's Spy: An exhibition of spy, escape and survival gadgetry", an exhibition of his work, created at Dover Castle by English Heritage, ran for two years in the late 1990s.

</doc>
<doc id="19818392" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818392" title="JL Audio">
JL Audio

JL Audio is an American manufacturer of consumer audio products. They produce marine, home, and mobile audio products, but are best known for their subwoofers. JL Audio is known as one of the pioneers of the car audio industry.
History.
Formation.
JL Audio was founded in 1975 by James Birch and Lucio Proni. They used the first letter of each of their names, to form a company name, hence "JL." Their first products were home speaker systems as well as home speaker "kits."
Speaker Warehouse.
In 1977, when business did not turn out as well as expected, Birch and Proni invested in a retail store in Hollywood, Florida, called Speaker Warehouse which focused mainly on speaker repair and the sale of speakers, individually or as whole speaker sets. The original company, JL Audio, was still in operation during this time. As the businesses grew, Speaker Warehouse essentially became a dealer of JL Audio products.
In the late 1970s and early 1980s, as the car audio revolution was starting to take place, Speaker Warehouse was a big seller of the early pioneering car audio products. Birch and Proni used their knowledge of speakers and audio to experiment with these systems, especially with component systems with subwoofers. By the early 1980s, Speaker Warehouse had become known as a place to go for high-end audio in South Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="19818405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818405" title="Toril Marie Øie">
Toril Marie Øie

Toril Marie Øie (born 17 July 1960) is a Norwegian judge.
She was born in Oslo, and graduated as cand.jur. in 1986. She worked in the Ministry of Justice and the Police from 1986 to 2006, except for the period 1988 to 1990 when she was acting district stipendiary magistrate. From 1994 she was also a part-time university lector at University of Oslo. She is a Supreme Court Justice from 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="19818408" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818408" title="David Acomba">
David Acomba

David Acomba is a television and film producer/director. His television programmes have been featured on CBS, ABC, PBS, CBC, CTV, BBC, Channel 4, Showtime and HBO.
Biography.
David Acomba was born and raised in Montreal, Quebec, attending Bishop Whelan High School in the suburb of Lachine. In the early sixties he attended Northwestern University in Evanston Illinois where he majored in Film and Television. In 1967 he attended film school at the University of Southern California in Los Angeles where he received a Master of Performing Arts degree.
He moved to Toronto in 1969 where he quickly began to produce and direct specials for Canada’s national network. In 1970 he met his wife, Sharon Keogh, a Canadian radio and television producer. During subsequent years, using Toronto as a base, he worked in New York and Los Angeles. In 1999 David and Sharon purchased the historic Catharine Parr Traill Mount Ararat property outside Toronto where they currently live.
Creative history.
A musically oriented director, David began in 1970 by directing a television special for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation, Mariposa A Folk Festival with Joan Baez and Joni Mitchell. He then directed the first U.S. television network rock special for PBS (NET), Welcome To The Fillmore East, with Van Morrison, Albert King and The Byrds. “Fresh and innovative”- New York Times
In 1973, he won the Canadian Film Award for best Direction for his feature film "Slipstream", about a popular disk jockey’s struggle for personal and professional integrity, with music by Eric Clapton and Van Morrison. In the autumn of 1974, he was asked by George Harrison to film his North American Dark Horse Tour. Because George had lost his voice prior to the tour and never fully regained it, the film was not released.
In 1976, David was selected to direct "Star Wars Holiday Special" for CBS. George Lucas, a classmate of David’s at U. S. C. film school, could not be involved with the project on a day-to-day basis. CBS executive producers Gary Smith and Dwight Hemion hired television producers who proved to have little creatively in common with Acomba or Lucas. Acomba left the production, a decision supported by Lucas.
In 1980, he directed the feature-length performance film, "Hank Williams: The Show He Never Gave". The movie was selected for showing at the Toronto International Film Festival, the London Film Festival, FILMEX in Los Angeles and featured on HBO.
In the early eighties Acomba, who can not skate, pioneered skating specials on television with the production of "Strawberry Ice" for the CBC. The format, which combined story with musical performances and Olympic level skating, won many awards and was shown in over 45 countries. This led to his producing and directing the "Magic Skates" special for ABC.
In 1985, he began his work in comedy with "Four on the Floor", a sketch series produced for the CBC and shown on Showtime, the BBC as well as over 20 other countries. Other comedy programmes in the late eighties included a special for Showtime with Andrea Martin and a Second City pilot for CBS late night with, among others, Mike Myers. In the early nineties David directed three seasons of the legendary Canadian comedy series CODCO starring Andy Jones, Tommy Sexton, Mary Walsh, Cathy Jones & Greg Malone.
Interested in utilizing the television medium to promote awareness of the environment, Acomba directed and co-produced two seasons of the documentary ecology series Down To Earth featuring remarkable Canadians and the landscapes that inspire them. “This great ecology series is the one to catch”- Toronto Star
In 2003, Acomba directed the performance documentary A Marriage In Music featuring concert pianist Anton Kuerti and cellist Kristine Boygo for CBC’s premier arts program, Opening Night. “Artfully told and a joy to watch”- The Globe & Mail.
In 2007, 33 years after filming the project, Acomba revisited his original director’s cut of the feature-length documentary of George Harrison’s 1974 Dark Horse Tour with Billy Preston, Tom Scott & Ravi Shankar. The new cut of the footage is a portrait of the first Beatle to tour North America on his own. The film captures George’s prescient world music vision as he brings together the eastern music of Ravi Shankar with western rock/jazz. Although the task of performing 49 concerts in about as many days, mostly without a full voice, is sometimes haunting, George never loses his sense of humour and the film becomes an intimate witness to his spiritual journey through music. The movie, which has never been screened publicly, includes cameo appearances by John Lennon and Paul McCartney as well as the legendary rock promoter Bill Graham. This new director’s version has been placed in the Harrison archive.
In 2008, he wrote and directed the short film ANTON & the PIANO for the National Film Board of Canada.
Awards and honors.
His dramatic films have been invited to the London, Los Angeles and Toronto film festivals, and in Canada he has received best director at the Canadian Film Awards and the Yorkton Film Festival. In the US he has received the Golden Gate Award for Best Entertainment Program, an International Emmy and several Ace nominations. As well, David has been invited to lecture at York University, Trent University and Ryerson University.
Activism.
David Acomba is Founder (2001) and past Executive Director of the All-Canadian Jazz Festival Port Hope. In 2006, he and his wife, Sharon Keogh, began working on the establishment of a Catharine Parr Traill Land Trust. Their efforts are concerned with land restoration of the Traills’ Mount Ararat homestead outside Gore’s Landing, Ontario and promote Mrs. Traill’s important early Canadian botanical work.

</doc>
<doc id="19818410" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818410" title="Phoronid">
Phoronid

Phoronids (scientific name Phoronida, sometimes called horseshoe worms) are a phylum of marine animals that filter-feed with a lophophore (a "crown" of tentacles), and build upright tubes of chitin to support and protect their soft bodies. They live in most of the oceans and seas including the Arctic Ocean but excluding the Antarctic Ocean, and between the intertidal zone and about 400 meters down. Most adult phoronids are 2 cm long and about 1.5 mm wide, although the largest are 50 cm long. 
The bottom end of the body is an ampulla (a flask-like swelling), which anchors the animal in the tube and enables it to retract its body very quickly when threatened. When the lophophore is extended at the top of the body, cilia (little hairs) on the sides of the tentacles draw food particles to the mouth, which is inside and slightly to one side of the base of the lophophore. Unwanted material can be excluded by closing a lid above the mouth or be rejected by the tentacles, whose cilia can switch into reverse. The food then moves down to the stomach, which is in the ampulla. Solid wastes are moved up the intestine and out through the anus, which is outside and slightly below the lophophore. 
A blood vessel leads up the middle of the body from the stomach to a circular vessel at the base of the lophophore, and from there a single blind vessel runs up each tentacle. A pair of blood vessels near the body wall lead downward from the lophophore ring to the stomach and also to blind branches throughout the body. There is no heart, but the major vessels can contract in waves to move the blood. Phoronids do not ventilate their trunks with oxygenated water, but rely on respiration through the lophophore. The blood contains hemoglobin, which is unusual in such small animals and seems to be an adaptation to anoxic and hypoxic environments. The blood of "Phoronis architecta" carries twice as much oxygen as a human of the same weight. Two metanephridia filter the body fluid, returning any useful products and dumping the remaining soluble wastes through a pair of pores beside the anus.
One species builds colonies by budding or by splitting into top and bottom sections, and all phoronids reproduce sexually from spring to autumn. The eggs of most species form free-swimming actinotroch larvae, which feed on plankton. An actinotroch settles to the seabed after about 20 days and then undergoes a radical change in 30 minutes: the larval tentacles are replaced by the adult lophophore; the anus moves from the bottom to just outside the lophophore; and this changes the gut from upright to a U-bend, with the stomach at the bottom of the body. One species forms a "slug-like" larva, and the larvae of a few species are not known. Phoronids live for about one year.
Some species live separately, in vertical tubes embedded in soft sediment, while others form tangled masses buried in or encrusting rocks and shells. In some habitats populations of phoronids reach tens of thousand of individuals per square meter. The actinotroch larvae are familiar among plankton, and sometimes account for a significant proportion of the zooplankton biomass. Predators include fish, gastropods (snails), and nematodes (tiny roundworms). One phoronid species is unpalatable to many epibenthic predators. Various parasites infest phoronids' body cavities, digestive tract and tentacles. It is unknown whether phoronids have any significance for humans. The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has not listed any phoronid species as endangered.
As of 2010 there are no indisputable body fossils of phoronids. There is good evidence that phoronids created trace fossils found in the Silurian, Devonian, Permian, Jurassic and Cretaceous periods, and possibly in the Ordovician and Triassic. Phoronids, brachiopods and bryozoans (ectoprocts) have collectively been called lophophorates, because all use lophophores to feed. From about the 1940s to the 1990s, family trees based on embryological and morphological features placed lophophorates among or as a sister group to the deuterostomes, a super-phylum which includes chordates and echinoderms. While a minority adhere to this view, most researchers now regard phoronids as members of the protostome super-phylum Lophotrochozoa. Although analysts using molecular phylogeny are confident that members of Lophotrochozoa are more closely related to each other than of non-members, the relationships between members are mostly unclear. Some analyses regard phoronids and brachiopods as sister-groups, while others place phoronids as a sub-group within brachiopoda.
Name.
The name of the phylum comes from Phoronis, one of the many names of the Ancient Egyptian goddess Isis. "Phoronis" is also the name of one of the two genera of Phoronids.
Description.
Body structure.
Most adult phoronids are 2 to 20 cm long and about 1.5 mm wide,
For feeding and respiration each phoronid has at the top end a lophophore, a "crown" of tentacles with which the animal filter-feeds. In small species the "crown" is a simple circle, in medium-size species it is bent into the shape of a horseshoe with tentacles on the outer and inner sides, and in the largest species the ends of the horseshoe wind into complex spirals. These more elaborate shapes increase the area available for feeding and respiration. The tentacles are hollow, held upright by fluid pressure, and can be moved individually by muscles.
The mouth is inside the base of the crown of tentacles but to one side. The gut runs from the mouth to one side of the stomach, in the bottom of the ampulla. The intestine runs from the stomach, up the other side the body, and exits at the anus, outside and a little below the crown of tentacles. The gut and intestine are both supported by two mesenteries (partitions that run the length of the body) connected to the body wall, and another mesentery connects the gut to the intestine.
The body is divided into coeloms, compartments lined with mesothelium. The main body cavity, under the crown of tentacles, is called the metacoelom, and the tentacles and their base share the mesocoelom. Above the mouth is the epistome, a hollow lid which can close the mouth. The cavity in the epistome is sometimes called the protocoelom, although other authors disagree that it is a coelom and Ruppert, Fox and Barnes think it is built by a different process.
Feeding, circulation and excretion.
When the lophophore is extended, cilia (little hairs) on the sides of the tentacles draw water down between the tentacles and out at the base of the lophophore. Shorter cilia on the inner sides of the tentacles flick food particles into a groove in a circle under and just inside the tentacles, and cilia in the groove push the particles into the mouth. Phoronids direct their lophophores into the water current, and quickly reorient to maximize the food-catching area when currents change. Their diet includes algae, diatoms, flagellates, peridinians, small invertebrate larvae, and detritus. Unwanted material can be excluded by closing the epistome (lid above the mouth) or be rejected by the tentacles, whose cilia can switch into reverse. The gut uses cilia and muscles to move food towards the stomach and secretes enzymes that digest some of the food, but the stomach digests the majority of the food. Phoronids also absorb amino acids (the building blocks of proteins) through their skins, mainly in summer. Solid wastes are moved up the intestine and out through the anus, which is outside and slightly below the lophophore. 
A blood vessel starts from the peritoneum (the membrane that loosely encloses the stomach), with blind capillaries supplying the stomach. The blood vessel leads up the middle of the body to a circular vessel at the base of the lophophore, and from there a single blind vessel runs up each tentacle. A pair of blood vessels near the body wall lead downward from the lophophore ring, and in most species these are combined into one a little below the lophophore ring. The downward vessel(s) leads back to the peritoneum, and also to blind branches throughout the body. There is no heart, but muscles in the major vessels contract in waves to move the blood. Unlike many animals that live in tubes, phoronids do not ventilate their trunks with oxygenated water, but rely on respiration by the lophophore, which extends above hypoxic sediments. The blood has hemocytes containing hemoglobin, which unusual in such small animals and seems to be an adaptation to anoxic and hypoxic environments. The blood of "Phoronis architecta" carries as much oxygen per cm3 as that of most vertebrates; the blood's volume in cm3 per gm of body weight is twice that of a human.
Podocytes on the walls of the blood vessels perform first-stage filtration of soluble wastes into the main coelom's fluid. Two metanephridia, each with a funnel-like intake, filter the fluid a second time, returning any useful products to the coelom and dumping the remaining wastes through a pair of nephridiopores beside the anus.
Nervous system and movement.
There is a nervous center is between the mouth and anus, and a nerve ring at the base of the lophophore. The ring supplies nerves to the tentacles and, just under the skin, to the body-wall muscles. "Phoronis ovalis" has two nerve trunks under the skin, whereas other species have one. The trunk(s) have giant axons (nerves that transmit signals very fast) which co-ordinate the retraction of the body when danger threatens.
Except for retracting the body into the tube, phoronids have limited and slow movement: partial emerging from the tube; bending the body when extended; and the lophophore's flicking of food into the mouth.
Reproduction and lifecycle.
Only "Phoronis ovalis" naturally builds colonies by budding or by splitting into top and bottom sections which then grow into full bodies. In experiments, other species have spilt successfully, but only when both parts have enough gonadal (reproductive) tissue. All phoronids breed sexually from spring to autumn. Some species are hermaphroditic (have both male and female reproductive organs) but cross-fertilize (fertilize the eggs of other members), while others are dioecious (have separate sexes). The gametes (sperms and ova) are produced in the swollen gonads, around the stomach. The gametes swim through the metacoelom to the metanephridia. Sperm exit by the nephridiopores and some are captured by the lophophores of individuals of the same species. Species that lay small fertilized eggs release them into the water as plankton, while species with larger eggs brood them either in the body's tube or stuck in the center of the lophophore by adhesive. The brooded eggs are released to feed on plankton when they develop into larvae.
Development of the eggs is a mixture of deuterostome and protostome characteristics. Early divisions of the egg are holoblastic (the cells divide completely) and radial (they gradually form a stack of circles). The process is regulative (the fate of each cell depends on interaction with other cells, not on a rigid program in each cell), and experiments that divided early embryos produced complete larvae. Mesoderm is formed from mesenchyme originating from the archenteron.
The coelom is formed by schizocoely, and the blastopore (a dent in the embryo) becomes the mouth.
The slug-like larva of "Phoronis ovalis" swims for about 4 days, creeps on the sea-bed for 3 to 4 days, then bores into a carbonate floor. Nothing is known about three species. The remaining species develop free-swimming actinotroch larvae, which feed on plankton. The actinotroch is an upright cylinder with the anus at the bottom and fringed with cilia. At the top is a lobe or hood, under which are: a ganglion, connected to a patch of cilia outside the apex of the hood; a pair of protonephridia (smaller and simpler than the metanephridia in the adult); the mouth; and feeding tentacles that encircle the mouth. After swimming for about 20 days, the actinotroch settles on the seabed and undergoes a catastrophic metamorphosis (radical change) in 30 minutes: the hood and larval tentacles are absorbed and the adult lophophore is created round the mouth, and both now points upward; the gut develops a U-bend so that the anus is just under and outside the lophophore. Finally the adult phoronid builds a tube.
Phoronids live for about one year.
Ecology.
Phoronids live in all the oceans and seas including the Arctic and excepting the Antarctic Ocean, and appear between the intertidal zone and about 400 meters down. Some occur separately, in vertical tubes embedded in soft sediment such as sand, mud, or fine gravel. Others form tangled masses of many individuals buried in or encrusting rocks and shells. In some habitats populations of phoronids reach tens of thousand of individuals per square meter. The actinotroch larvae are familiar among plankton, and sometimes account for a significant proportion of the zooplankton biomass.
"Phoronis australis" bores into the wall of the tube of a cerianthid anemone, "Ceriantheomorphe brasiliensis", and uses this as a foundation for building its own tube. One cerianthid can house up to 100 phoronids. In this unequal relationship, the anemone experiences no significant benefits nor harm, while the phoronid benefits from: a foundation for its tube; food (both animals are filter-feeders); and protection, as the cerianthid withdraws into its tube when danger threatens, and this alerts the phoronid to retract into its own tube.
Although predators of phoronids are not well known, they include fish, gastropods (snails), and nematodes (tiny roundworms). "Phoronopsis viridis", which reaches densities of 26,500 per square meter on tidal flats in California (USA), is unpalatable to many epibenthic predators, including fish and crabs. The unpalatability is strongest in the top section, including the lophophore, which is exposed to predators when phoronids feed. When the lophophores were removed in an experiment, the phoronids were more palatable, but this effect reduced over 12 days as the lophophores regenerated. These broadly effective defenses, which appear unusual among invertebrates inhabiting soft sediment, may be important in allowing "Phoronopsis viridis" to reach high densities. Some parasites infest phoronids: progenetic metacercariae and cysts of trematodes in phoronids' coelomic cavities; unidentified gregarines in phoronids' digestive tract; and an ancistrocomid ciliate parasite, "Heterocineta", in the tentacles.
It is unknown whether phoronids have any significance for humans. The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has not listed any phoronid species as endangered.
Evolutionary history.
Fossil record.
As of 2010 there are no indisputable body fossils of phoronids. Researching the Lower Cambrian Chengjiang fossils, in 1997 Chen and Zhou interpreted "Iotuba chengjiangensis" as a phoronid since it had tentacles and a U-shaped gut, and in 2004 Chen interpreted "Eophoronis" as a phoronid. However, in 2006 Conway Morris regarded "Iotuba" and "Eophoronis" as synonyms for the same genus, which in his opinion looked like the priapulid "Louisella". In 2009 Balthasar and Butterfield found in western Canada two specimens from about 505 million years ago of a new fossil, "Lingulosacculus nuda", which had two shells like those of brachiopods but not mineralized. In the authors' opinion, the U-shaped gut extended beyond the hinge line and outside the smaller shell. This would have precluded the attachment of muscles to close and open the shells, and the 50% of the animal's length beyond the hinge line would have needed longitudinal muscles and also a cuticle for protection. Hence they suggest that "Lingulosacculus" may have been a member of a phoronid stem group within the linguliform brachiopods.
There is good evidence that species of "Phoronis" created the trace fossils of the ichnogenus "Talpina", which have been found in the Devonian, Jurassic and Cretaceous periods. The Talpina animal bored into calcareous algae, corals, echinoid tests (shells), mollusc shells and the rostra of belemnites. Hederellids or Hederelloids are fossilized tubes, usually curved and between 0.1 and 1.8 mm wide, found from the Silurian to the Permian, and possibly in the Ordovician and Triassic. Their branching colonies may have been made by phoronids.
Family tree.
Phoronids, brachiopods and bryozoans (ectoprocts) are collectively called lophophorates, because all feed using lophophores. From about the 1940s to the 1990s, family trees based on embryological and morphological features placed lophophorates among or as a sister group to the deuterostomes, a super-phylum that includes chordates and echinoderms. In the early development of their embryos, deuterostomes form the anus before the mouth, while protostomes form the mouth first.
Nielsen (2002) views the phoronids and brachiopods as affiliated with the deuterostome pterobranchs, which also filter-feed by tentacles, because the current-driving cells of the lophophores of all three have one cilium per cell, while lophophores of bryozoans, which he regards as protostomes, have multiple cilia per cell. Helmkampf, Bruchhaus and Hausdorf (2008) summarise several authors' embryological and morphological analyses which doubt or disagree that phoronids and brachiopods are deuterostomes:
Relationships of Phoronida to other Bilateria: 
From 1988 onwards analyses based on molecular phylogeny, which compares biochemical features such as similarities in DNA, have placed phoronids and brachiopods among the Lophotrochozoa, a protostome super-phylum that includes molluscs, annelids and flatworms but excludes the other main protostome super-phylum Ecdysozoa, whose members include arthropods. Cohen wrote, "This inference, if true, undermines virtually all morphology–based reconstructions of phylogeny made during the past century or more."
While analyses by molecular phylogeny are confident that members of Lophotrochozoa are more closely related to each other than of non-members, the relationships between members are mostly unclear. The Lophotrochozoa are generally divided into: Lophophorata (animals that have lophophores), including Phoronida and Brachiopoda; Trochozoa (animals many of which have trochophore larvae), including molluscs, annelids, echiurans, sipunculans and nemerteans; and some other phyla (such as Platyhelminthes, Gastrotricha, Gnathostomulida, Micrognathozoa, and Rotifera).
Molecular phylogeny indicates that Phoronida are closely related to Brachiopoda, but Bryozoa (Ectoprocta) are not closely related to this group, despite using a similar lophophore for feeding and respiration. This implies that the traditional definition "Lophophorata" is not monophyletic. Recently the term "Lophophorata" has been applied only to the Phoronida and Brachiopoda, and Halanych thinks this change will cause confusion. Some analyses regard Phoronida and Brachiopoda as sister-groups, while others place Phoronida as a sub-group within Brachiopoda, implying that Brachiopoda is paraphyletic. Cohen and Weydman's analysis (2005) concludes that phoronids are a sub-group of inarticulate brachiopods (those in which the hinge between the two valves have no teeth and sockets) and sister-group of the other inarticulate sub-groups. The authors also suggest that the ancestors of molluscs and the brachiopod+phoronid clade diverged between 900 Ma and 560 Ma, most probably about 685 Ma.
Taxonomy.
The phylum has two genera, with no class or order names. Zoologists have given the larvae, usually called an actinotroch, a separate genus name from the adults.
In 1999 Temereva and Malakhov described "Phoronis svetlanae". In 2000 Temereva described a new species, "Phoronopsis malakhovi", while Emig regards it as a synonym for "Phoronopsis harmeri". Santagata thinks "Phoronis architecta" is a different species from both "Phoronis psammophila" and "Phoronis muelleri", and that "phoronids' species diversity is currently underestimated". In 2009 Temereva described what may be larvae of "Phoronopsis albomaculata" and "Phoronopsis californica". She wrote that, while there are 12 undisputed adult phoronid species, 25 morphological types of larvae have been identified.

</doc>
<doc id="19818415" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818415" title="Ksenia Monko">
Ksenia Monko

Ksenia Ivanovna Monko (; born 8 February 1992) is a Russian ice dancer who competes with Kirill Khaliavin. They are the 2011 World Junior champions, two-time (2009–10, 2010–11) Junior Grand Prix Final champions and two-time (2010, 2011) Russian Junior champions. 
Career.
Early career.
Ksenia Monko began skating at age four and switched to ice dance early, at age five. She teamed up with Khaliavin in 2000. They trained in Kirov until moving with their coach to Moscow in May 2009. 
During the 2009–2010 season, Monko / Khaliavin won the Junior Grand Prix Final and the Russian Junior title. They took the bronze at the 2010 World Junior Championships. 
During the 2010–2011 season, Monko / Khaliavin won their second JGP Final title, and followed that up with their second Russian Junior title. They won gold at the 2011 World Junior Championships.
Senior career.
Monko / Khaliavin moved up to the senior level for the 2011–2012 season. They were assigned to compete at 2011 Skate America and 2011 Cup of China as their Grand Prix events but Khaliavin fell ill with mononucleosis in September. They withdrew from both Grand Prix events but returned to competition at the Russian Championships where they finished 5th. 
In February 2012, Monko / Khaliavin switched coaches to Alexander Zhulin and Oleg Volkov. They finished 6th at the 2012 Rostelecom Cup and 4th at the 2013 Russian Championships. They joined the Russian team to the 2013 World Team Trophy, replacing Ekaterina Bobrova / Dmitri Soloviev who withdrew due to injury. Monko / Khaliavin finished 3rd at the event and Team Russia finished 4th overall. The duo withdrew from the exhibitions after Khaliavin developed an infection resulting in a high fever.
In the 2013–14 season, Monko / Khaliavin won silver at the 2013 Nebelhorn Trophy, behind Americans Madison Hubbell / Zachary Donohue, and then bronze at the 2013 International Cup of Nice. They received two Grand Prix assignments, the 2013 Trophée Eric Bompard and the 2013 Rostelecom Cup.
Personal life.
Former ice dancer Maria Monko is her elder sister.

</doc>
<doc id="19818432" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818432" title="Kirill Khaliavin">
Kirill Khaliavin

Kirill Leonidovich Khaliavin (; born 21 November 1990) is a Russian ice dancer who competes with Ksenia Monko. They are the 2011 World Junior champions, two-time (2009–10, 2010–11) Junior Grand Prix Final champions and two-time (2010, 2011) Russian Junior champions.
Career.
Early career.
Khaliavin began skating at age four and switched to ice dance at eight. He teamed up with Monko in 2000. They trained in Kirov until moving with their coach to Moscow in May 2009.
During the 2009–2010 season, Monko / Khaliavin won the Junior Grand Prix Final and the Russian Junior title. They took the bronze at the 2010 World Junior Championships.
During the 2010–2011 season, Monko / Khaliavin won their second JGP Final title, and followed that up with their second Russian Junior title. They won gold at the 2011 World Junior Championships.
Senior career.
Monko / Khaliavin moved up to the senior level for the 2011–2012 season. They were assigned to compete at 2011 Skate America and 2011 Cup of China as their Grand Prix events but Khaliavin fell ill with mononucleosis in September. They withdrew from both Grand Prix events but returned to competition at the Russian Championships where they finished 5th.
In February 2012, Monko / Khaliavin switched coaches to Alexander Zhulin and Oleg Volkov. They finished 6th at the 2012 Rostelecom Cup and 4th at the 2013 Russian Championships. They joined the Russian team to the 2013 World Team Trophy, replacing Ekaterina Bobrova / Dmitri Soloviev who withdrew due to injury. Monko / Khaliavin finished 3rd at the event and Team Russia finished 4th overall. The duo withdrew from the exhibitions after Khaliavin developed an infection resulting in a high fever.
In the 2013–14 season, Monko / Khaliavin won silver at the 2013 Nebelhorn Trophy, behind Americans Madison Hubbell / Zachary Donohue, and then bronze at the 2013 International Cup of Nice. They received two Grand Prix assignments, the 2013 Trophée Eric Bompard and the 2013 Rostelecom Cup.

</doc>
<doc id="19818439" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818439" title="Ole Bjørn Støle">
Ole Bjørn Støle

Ole Bjørn Støle (9 April 1950 – 19 November 2010) was a Norwegian judge.
He was born in Bergen, and graduated as cand.jur. from the University of Bergen in 1976. He worked in the Ministry of Justice and the Police from 1976, was a deputy judge in Kristiansand City Court from 1978, and worked in the Office of the Attorney General of Norway from 1980. He was then a private lawyer from 1985 to 2002, except for the years 1990–1993 when he was a presiding judge in Gulating. He was a Supreme Court Justice from 2002. He was later appointed an ad litem judge at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, and was thus granted a leave of absence in Norway. He died in November 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19818442" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818442" title="Chashni">
Chashni

Chashni (Hindi: चाश्नी, Urdu: چاشنی) is the generic name in North Indian, Pakistani, Nepali and Afghan languages for a sugary syrup. The syrup is usually thin enough to allow some swirling, and can have several flavors incorporated in it, such as rose or saffron.
Etymology.
The origin of the word is unclear. It could have been derived from a word for sugar ("chini") in these languages, or from the word "chashnik" in Persian.
Sweetness, as in Ghulam

</doc>
<doc id="19818447" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818447" title="Ctenophora (fly)">
Ctenophora (fly)

Ctenophora is a genus of true crane fly.
"Ctenophora" are large (about 20 mm long, with 25-mm wingspans), shiny black craneflies with large yellow, orange or red markings to mimic wasps. Males have comb-like antennae.
The larvae are saproxylic. The species are confined to old deciduous forests, orchards and other habitats with continuity of the presence of dying and fallen trees. "Ctenophora" species are important bioindicators.
"Ctenophora" is distinguished from related species ("Dictenidia" Brulle, "Phoroctenia" Coquillett) by the following character combination.The segments of the flagellum of the males have two pairs of outgrowths, the lower pair longer than upper pair. The antennae of the female are distinctly 13-segmented, and often indistinctly serrate. The sides of the mesothorax bear long bristles. Sternite 8 of the female is without dentate protuberances. 

</doc>
<doc id="19818456" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818456" title="905th Air Refueling Squadron">
905th Air Refueling Squadron

The 905th Air Refueling Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. It was last active as an element of the 319th Air Refueling Wing at Grand Forks Air Force Base, North Dakota, where it operated Boeing KC-135 Stratotanker aircraft. The squadron was inactivated at the end of 2010 when the 319th wing lost its operational mission and became the 319th Air Base Wing.
The first predecessor of the squadron was the 505th Bombardment Squadron, which was activated during World War II and served as a Replacement Training Unit until it was inactivated when the Army Air Forces reorganized its training units into Army Air Forces Base Units.
The 905th was organized under Strategic Air Command in 1960 at Grand Forks, where it served as an air refueling unit for the next fifty years under SAC and Air Mobility Command. From 1960 through 1991 the squadron maintained aircraft on alert, prepared to launch in the event the United States went to war. The squadron also refueled Boeing B-52 Stratofortress bombers flying airborne alert and deployed tankers and crews to the Pacific during the Vietnam War. In 1985 the two squadrons were consolidated.
In 1992 the squadron became an element of Air Mobility Command. It continued to support contingency operations in Bosnia and Herzegovina, Iraq, and Afghanistan until it was inactivated.
History.
World War II.
The first predecessor of the squadron was the 505th Bombardment Squadron, which was activated in September 1942 at Salt Lake City Army Air Base as one of the original four squadrons of the 346th Bombardment Group. The following month, the squadron moved to Smoky Hill Army Air Field, Kansas, where it briefly acted as a Consolidated B-24 Liberator Operational Training Unit (OTU). The OTU program involved the use of an oversized parent unit to provide cadres to “satellite groups.” In November, its mission changed to that of a Replacement Training Unit (RTU). RTUs were also oversized units, but their mission was to train individual pilots or aircrews.
The 505th continued as an RTU until about October 1943. However, the Army Air Forces found that standard military units, based on relatively inflexible tables of organization, were proving less well adapted to the training mission. Accordingly, it adopted a more functional system in which each base was organized into a separate numbered unit, while the groups and squadrons acting as RTUs were disbanded or inactivated. This resulted in the 505th, along with other units at Dyersburg Army Air Base, being inactivated in the spring of 1944 and replaced by the 223d AAF Base Unit (Combat Crew Training Station (Bombardment, Heavy)), which assumed the unit's mission, personnel, and equipment.
Although the 346th group was reactivated in August 1944 as a Boeing B-29 Superfortress unit, it was assigned three new squadrons and the 505th remained inactive until it was consolidated with the 905th in 1985.
Air Refueling under Strategic Air Command.
In 1959 the Air Force assigned the 905th Air Refueling Squadron to Strategic Air Command (SAC), which organized it at Grand Forks Air Force Base, South Dakota in early 1960, where it was assigned to the 4133d Strategic Wing. The 905th was the first Air Force flying unit to be assigned to Grand Forks. The squadron received its first Boeing KC-135A Stratotanker on 6 May 1960 and began to fly global refueling sorties.
The 4133d wing was established by SAC in a program to disperse its Boeing B-52 Stratofortress bombers over a larger number of bases, thus making it more difficult for the Soviet Union to knock out the entire fleet with a surprise first strike. Half of the wing's aircraft were maintained on fifteen minute alert, fully fueled and ready for combat. The 4133d (and later the 319th) continued to maintain an alert commitment until the end of the Cold War. The 905th also refueled B-52s participating in Operation Chrome Dome, the airborne component of SAC's alert force until Chrome Dome was terminated in 1968. The squadron's ground alert commitment was increased in the fall of 1962 during the Cuban Missile Crisis, when all available aircraft assumed an alert status.
The squadron transferred to the 319th Bombardment Wing in 1963 when SAC replaced its Major Command controlled (MAJCON) strategic wings with wings carrying the honors of World War II organizations. The squadron supported combat operations in Southeast Asia from 1965 to 1975, supporting PACAF fighters participating in Operation Rolling Thunder, the bombing campaign against North Vietnam. The squadron also deployed elements as part of Operation Young Tiger, which provided tanker support from Thailand. Operating from its home station, the unit refueled the SAC airborne command post, code named Looking Glass. 
As the war in Southeast Asia wound down, the squadron once more focused on training for strategic missions. In 1985, the 505th Bombardment Squadron was consolidated with the 905th. In 1986 the 319th wing's last B-52 left Grand Forks, and the following year the 905th began to support the wing's newly assigned B-1A Lancers. 1987 also marked the squadron's upgrade from the KC-135A to the re-engined KC-135R
In December 1989, the squadron flew missions during Operation Just Cause, the American operation to oust Manuel Noriega from power in Panama. The efforts of the 905th enabled aeromedical evacuation missions to be flown directly to medical facilities in the United States from Panama.
The squadron provided personnel and aircraft for air refueling operations in Southwest Asia from 13 August 1990 to 9 April 1991. On 29 September 1991, as the United States reduced its nuclear alert force following the signing of the Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty, the squadron ended thirty years of alert duty with SAC.
Air Refueling under Air Mobility Command.
In 1992 the air force reorganized its major commands. As a result, the 905th's parent 319th Operations Group was reassigned to Air Combat Command as a bomber unit, while the 905th became an element of Air Mobility Command (AMC) and was assigned as a geographically separated unit to the 305th Operations Group, stationed at Grissom Air Force Base, Indiana. The following year it was transferred to the 43d Operations Group at Malmstrom Air Force Base, Montana, when Grissom closed. This assignment was short-lived, however, because the 319th wing lost its B-1s and became an air refueling wing in December 1993 and the 905th was once more part of its operations group.
Under AMC control, the unit supported Operation Deny Flight, the United Nations no-fly zone over Bosnia and Herzegovina in 1994 and 1995 from Pisa Airport, Italy and Istres Air Base, France. It supported Operation Uphold Democracy, the United Nations action to remove the military junta and restore the elected president of Haiti in 1995. In 1996 the squadron deployed planes and crews to Riyadh Air Base, Saudi Arabia for Operation Southern Watch, the Southwest Asia Task Force operation to monitor and control airspace in southern Iraq, as an element of Air Expeditionary Force III. It also deployed for the sister operation patrolling northern Iraq, Operation Northern Watch. 
The squadron was named the best air refueling squadron in AMC in 1997, being awarded the Spaatz Trophy. After 1998, the unit participated in Operation Joint Forge, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization to provide stability in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
For three months in the summer of 2000, the squadron was forced to operate from MacDill Air Force Base, Florida as the Grand Forks runways underwent a nine million dollar renovation. For the first time in ten years, following the 9/11 attacks, the squadron once again placed aircraft on alert as part of Operation Noble Freedom and also began support for Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan. Toward the end of the following year, the squadron began to deploy forward in what became Operation Iraqi Freedom, the war in Iraq.
The last squadron KC-135 departed Grand Forks on 6 December 2010. At the end of the year the squadron inactivated as AMC ended air refueling operations at Grand Forks and the 319th became a housekeeping unit for the base in preparation for the arrival of Global Hawk unmanned aircraft.
Lineage.
505th Bombardment Squadron
905th Air Refueling Squadron

</doc>
<doc id="19818460" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818460" title="Luther Place Memorial Church">
Luther Place Memorial Church

Luther Place Memorial Church (Washington, D.C.) is a neo-Gothic church built in Washington, DC in 1873 as a memorial to peace and reconciliation following the American Civil War. Its original name was Memorial Evangelical Lutheran Church and it was designed by architects Judson York, J.C. Harkness, and Henry Davis. It is located in Thomas Circle near its namesake, a statue of Martin Luther. The statue is a replica of one in Worms, Germany, which was given to the church in 1884 by the German emperor William I.
History.
Luther Place was built in 1873 by architects Judson York, J.C. Harkness, and Henry Davis. The church, like many others, resembles the shape of a ship, symbolizing a vessel for God's work, and it is well known for its stained glass windows picturing twelve reformers: Gustavus Adolphus, John Huss, John Wycliffe, Philipp Melanchthon, Martin Luther, Martin Luther King, Jr., Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Harriet Tubman, John Knox, John Calvin, Huldrych Zwingli, and John Wesley. The church's exterior is covered with red sandstone from the Seneca Quarry, the same quarry that provided the stone for the Smithsonian Castle. 
The church was dedicated as a symbol of healing after the Civil War. In 1904, Luther Place suffered damage from a fire, leading to restoration of the church and a renewed energy and celebration of its mission. President Theodore Roosevelt spoke at the restoration ceremony, saying, "The Lutheran Church is destined to become one of the two or three greatest churches, most distinctly American."
In 2007 the interior of the sanctuary was extensively restored. 
Initiatives.
N Street Village.
In the years after the fiery devastation along 14th street following the assassination of Dr. Martin Luther King in April 1968, Luther Place began to consider its property and location as an opportunity to help minister to the wounded of the city. In 1970, the church called a new pastor, John Steinbruck, who had served an intercity neighborhood in Easton, Pa. Spurred by his leadership, the congregation began transforming dilapidated row houses on N Street into what became a smorgasbord of faith inspired programs (Bread for the City, Deborah’s Place, Zacchaeus Medical Clinic, Sarah House, Bethany Women’s Center, Dietrich Bonheoffer House, Abraham Welcome House, the DC Hotline, etc.) to help bring healing in the community. A multidenominational religious community led by Luther Place, with a Protestant, Jewish, and Catholic coalition (ProJeCt), gradually created what was to become known as N Street Village. A critical step along the way was Luther Place’s opening of its church doors to the homeless in the cold winter of 1976. Critical self-understanding of the early Luther Place and N Street ministries grew out of the rich traditions of Judaism and the New Testament tradition of welcoming the stranger, the outcast, the excluded of society. The diverse interreligious and secular base of supporters continues to this day, as people of many faiths and no faith come together in service to provide hospitality and shalom (peace with justice) to homeless women at N Street Village. All who believe that it is our responsibility to “act justly and with love and compassion” (as taught by the prophet Micah) can find common ground in service to N Street Village.
John and Erna Steinbruck, together with Luther Place congregation, founded N Street Village and created a vision and a challenge to the wider community that stirred wide volunteer and financial support. In the late 1980s, Luther Place and its partners initiated a capital campaign to both add a permanent night shelter at Luther Place and to build a new complex across N Street to house the scattered continuum of programs for homeless women that had evolved on and near the block. The multi-year effort raised $19.5 million in capital gifts and government grants, loans, and low income tax credits. Luther Place made its land available for the construction of the new N Street Village and a complex public private partnership was formed to meet the requirements of the government’s low income tax credit program. Through dedicated and persistent leadership, numerous development obstacles were overcome and in December 1996 we celebrated the opening of a grand new facility that included Promise Place housing the continuum of programs for homeless women and Eden House, 51 apartments serving low and moderate income individuals and families. This facility along with the Luther Place Night Shelter formed the core of N Street Village until the recent year when two additional programs were brought into the Village; Miriam’s House for women with HIV/AIDS and Erna’s House, permanent supportive housing for homeless women. This comprehensive set of programs now serves approximately 1000 women per year, estimated to encompass 63 percent of the adult homeless women population in the city.
Lutheran Volunteer Corps.
In 1979, Luther Place founded the Lutheran Volunteer Corps - an organization that places young adults as volunteers with social justice oriented non-profit organizations. It is now a national program which places nearly 150 volunteers in 16 cities. More than 2000 young adults have served in LVC and have gone on to become pastors, doctors, leaders in social justice programs, and similar callings.
Steinbruck Center for Urban Studies.
In 2001, the Steinbruck Center for Urban Studies was created as a means of educating others about the work of Luther Place and N Street Village. It is named for John and Erna Steinbruck.

</doc>
<doc id="19818472" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818472" title="The Thin Red Line (soundtrack)">
The Thin Red Line (soundtrack)

The Thin Red Line is the soundtrack of the film of the same name. It was released on January 12, 1999 by RCA Victor. German-born film composer Hans Zimmer is credited for scoring most of the score along with his studio partner John Powell. The soundtrack was nominated at the 71st Academy Awards for Original Dramatic Score, but lost out to "Life Is Beautiful". "Journey to the Line" has become very popular and was used in trailers for "Pearl Harbor", "Man of Steel" (Comic-Con trailer), "12 Years a Slave", and "". 
Production.
Zimmer wrote several hours of music, with several different themes, even before Malick started to shoot the film. The director then played the music on the set, while filming, to get himself, and the rest of the crew and actors in the right frame of mind. 
Zimmer and collaborator John Powell composed over four hours of music on this film, presumably for the director's original cut of the film. However, when director Terrence Malick re-cut the film down to its current running time of 170 minutes, he chose only a few select pieces of music from Zimmer's and Powell's musical contributions, along with original source music, and much of Zimmer's compositions were cut. The film also features several Melanesian choral songs and chants, performed by the Choir of All Saints from Honiara only one of which ("God U Tekem Laef Blong Mi") is featured on the soundtrack. Especially "Jisas yu holem hand blong mi" is missing. In addition to the choral music, Zimmer added to his tracks the use of Asian instruments, like the Shakuhachi and the Koto.

</doc>
<doc id="19818479" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818479" title="Hesaraghatta Lake">
Hesaraghatta Lake

Hesaraghatta Lake is a manmade reservoir located 18 km to the north-west of Bangalore in Karnataka state, India. It is a fresh water lake created in the year 1894 across the Arkavathy River to meet the drinking water needs of the city. Sir K. Seshadri Iyer, the then Dewan of erstwhile Mysore state and the then Chief Engineer of Mysore, M. C. Hutchins, planned to build the scheme called the “Chamarajendra Water Works” to store a three-years' water supply to the city.
Access.
The lake is approachable by road from Bangalore at a distance of 26.5 km to the north-west of the City
Topography.
The total catchment area draining into the Lake at the dam built on the Arkavathy River is 73.84 km2 (2189 mi2), out of which the direct draining catchment is 2.68 km2 (6.86 sq mi2).There are 184 tanks built in the Arkavathy River basin upstream of the Hesaraghatta lake. The Arkavati River originates in the Nandi Hills of Chikkaballapur district and joins the Kaveri River at Kanakapura after flowing through Kolar District and Bangalore Rural district... The Vrishabhavati and the Suvarnamukhi are the tributaries which drain part of Bangalore and Anekal Taluk respectively into the Arkavati River. The catchment receives a mean annual rainfall of 859.6 mm.
Hydrology and water works.
The Arkavathy River is one of the two rivers which partially meet the water supply needs of Bangalore; the other being the Kaveri. The reservoirs created by building dams on the Arkavathy are the "Hesaraghatta" and the “Chamarajasagara” at Thippagondanahalli (TG halli) built during the years 1894 and 1933 respectively. 
The Hesaraghatta dam is an earthen bund of 1690 m (5544 ft) with a total height of 40.55 m (133 ft) creating the Hesaraghatta Lake (reservoir) with storage of 997 M.Cft at full reservoir level with a lake surface area of 450 ha (1,124 acres). Water from the reservoir is taken through initially a 1.4 m dia (42" dia) Hume pipe to the Soladevanahalli Pumping Station by gravity and then pumped (using steam pumps initially and later changed to electric pumps at Soledevanahalli) against a head of 115 to 135 m to the Combined Jewel Filters (CJF) plant at Malleswaram for treatment and supply to the consumers in the city.
When the Hesaraghatta Lake started drying up in the year 1925, as an urgent remedial measure, another dam was built to create a reservoir called the Chamaraja Sagar at TG Halli, downstream of the Hesaraghatta Lake. This dam has been enlarged from time to time, over the years, to meet partially, the increasing water supply demand of Bangalore.
Deterioration of the lake.
The reservoir is reported to have filled up last in the year 1994 and thereafter the lake’s deterioration and drying up started, reducing its reliability as a water supply source.
The reasons attributed to the lake’s drying up are erosion in the catchment and consequent capacity shrinking due to continuous silting. As of July 2009, the lake is completely dry.
In recent years, the Hesaraghatta Lake bed has seen an increased number of bird photographers who drive on the lake bed using their cars and SUVs as hides resulting in extensive damage to the grassland habitat. This has increased the vehicle tracks to 43 km in total, with the average track width coming to 1.62 meters. About 136 hectares of habitat was either lost or disturbed because of vehicular movement.
Main factors affecting degradation include sand mining, movement of tractors, tree plantations, and grazing of cattle.
Avifauna.
Even in the deteriorated condition of the lake, birds such as the kingfisher (Halcyon smyrnensis), magpie robin (Copsychus saularis), little egrets, common mynas (Acridotheres tristis), Brahminy kites, black drongos, bulbuls, greater coucals, purple sunbirds, etc., (some are pictured in the gallery.) have been reported in and around the lake periphery. Documented records of sighting of 2000 water birds of 29 species have been reported. The lake is also a great place for the winter migrants. Harriers and Spotted Eagles have been reported from this lake during winter. Bird poaching traps, a common sight, are located and removed from the bed of the lake quite often.
Call for restoration.
Apart from the water supply, the lake, which was known for its birds and river rafting (wind surfing), has drawn the attention of public spirited organizations and individuals for undertaking restoration works to revive it.
The Walk has also brought out facts such as, a) presence of the reservoir and old pumps, b) the building of 1896 A.D vintage which has maps displayed in a building depicting how the water was received and pumped, c)the water level chart of the Hessarghatta reservoir till 2000 A.D, d)a rain gauge to measure the rainfall, e) the remnants of the brick aqueduct to convey water by gravity at Turbanahalli and f)the Siphon at the Hesaraghatta Lake used to discharge the flood waters when the reservoir was full. The final verdict of the Water Walkers is that:"The Hessarghatta reservoir has the capacity to supplement Bangalore water requirements at a far cheaper cost than any other. It makes ecological and economic sense to look at its revival."
Places of interest.
The fertile area which encircles the Lake has a number of important institutions such as the Government Aquarium,Government Film and Television Institute, Horticultural Research Institute, Indo-Danish Poultry and Dairy farms with its livestock breeding and poultry centers which face the Lake, and the famous Nrityagram, the dance village — India's first modern Gurukul (residential school) founded by Odissi dancer, the late Protima Gauri in 1990.

</doc>
<doc id="19818505" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818505" title="Filipe Azevedo">
Filipe Azevedo

Filipe Vaz de Azevedo (born 21 January 1975 in Valence, Drôme) is a Portuguese retired footballer who played as a forward.

</doc>
<doc id="19818513" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818513" title="Li Weiyue">
Li Weiyue

Li Weiyue (李惟岳) (died March 9, 782) was the son of the Chinese Tang Dynasty general Li Baochen. After Li Baochen's death in 781, Li Weiyue tried to succeed his father as the "de facto" ruler of Chengde Circuit (成德, headquartered in modern Shijiazhuang, Hebei) and waged a campaign against the imperial government when Emperor Dezong refused to let him do so. In 782, with his losses mounting, his own officer Wang Wujun killed him and submitted to the imperial government.
Background.
It is not known when Li Weiyue was born. He was not Li Baochen's oldest son — as his half-brother Li Weicheng (李惟誠) was older than he was — but as Li Weiyue was born of Li Baochen's wife and Li Weicheng was not, Li Weiyue was considered Li Baochen's proper heir. Li Weiyue also had at least one younger brother, Li Weijian (李惟簡).
Li Baochen had been a general of the rebel state Yan during the Anshi Rebellion, but in 762 submitted to Tang imperial authority and was made the military governor ("Jiedushi") of Chengde Circuit. He effectively ruled the circuit as his own domain, semi-independent from the imperial government, and he wanted to eventually pass the circuit to Li Weiyue. During the time that Li Baochen served as military governor, Li Weiyue served as commander of the forces (行軍司馬, "Xingjun Sima") as well as the prefect of Chengde's capital prefecture Heng Prefecture (恆州). Li Weiyue was considered young and weak in personality, so, as Li Baochen aged, he began to kill a number of officers that he viewed as potential threats to Li Weiyue. The only two major officers who escaped this fate were Zhang Xiaozhong (who escaped the fate by remaining at his garrison at Yi Prefecture (易州, in modern Baoding, Hebei), refusing to return to Heng Prefecture even when Li Baochen summoned him multiple times) and Wang Wujun (whose son Wang Shizhen was a son-in-law to Li Baochen and brother-in-law to Li Weiyue).
Resistance against Emperor Dezong.
Li Baochen died in spring 781, and initially, Li Weiyue did not announce Li Baochen's death but forged a petition from Li Baochen, requesting that Li Weiyue be allowed to succeed him. Emperor Dezong refused and sent the imperial official Ban Hong (班宏) to visit Li Baochen. When Ban arrived in Chengde, he realized that Li Baochen had died, and Li Weiyue tried to bribe him to make a recommendation that Li Weiyue be allowed to inherit Li Baochen's position. Ban refused, and after he returned to the capital Chang'an and reported this to Emperor Dezong, Li Weiyue announced Li Baochen's death and claimed the title of acting military governor. He had his subordinates submit a petition requesting that he be made military governor; Emperor Dezong rejected that petition as well.
Li Weiyue thus prepared for war against the imperial government, along with several military governors who were also ruling their circuits semi-independently and who had previously entered into alliances with Li Baochen — Li Zhengji the military governor of Pinglu Circuit (平盧, headquartered in modern Tai'an, Shandong), Tian Yue the military governor of Weibo Circuit (魏博, headquartered in modern Handan, Hebei), and Liang Chongyi the military governor of Shannan East Circuit (山南東道, headquartered in modern Xiangfan, Hubei). Li Baochen's secretary Shao Zhen (邵真), hearing of these plans, tearfully begged Li Weiyue to reconsider, and suggested that he arrest Li Zhengji's messengers and deliver them to Chang'an, believing that by doing so, Li Weiyue might gain sufficient imperial trust that his request might be accepted. The secretary general Bi Hua (畢華), however, argued that the imperial government might still not trust Li Weiyue anyway, and if Li Zhengji then attacked, Chengde would be defenseless, and Li Weiyue agreed with Bi. Li Weiyue's uncle Gu Congzheng (古從政) also opposed resisting the imperial government; he suggested that Li Weiyue should leave Li Weicheng temporarily in charge of the circuit and personally head to Chang'an to pay homage to Emperor Dezong in order to gain imperial trust. Li Weiyue refused, and Gu committed suicide. Subsequently, Tian sent his officer Meng You (孟祐), along with 5,000 soldiers, north to aid Li Weiyue in defense of Chengde, while he himself launched preemptive attacks on Zhaoyi Circuit (昭義, headquartered in Changzhi, Shanxi), then controlled by the imperial general Li Baozhen.
By fall 781, however, Tian himself was suffering defeats at the hand of Ma Sui and Li Baozhen, such that he actually needed aid from both Li Weiyue and Li Zhengji's son and successor Li Na (Li Zhengji's having died by that time as well). Meanwhile, pursuant to Emperor Dezong's orders, Zhu Tao the acting military governor of Lulong Circuit (盧龍, headquartered in modern Beijing), had launched a campaign against Chengde. Zhu was quickly able to persuade Zhang Xiaozhong to surrender Yi Prefecture to the imperial cause. Emperor Dezong named Zhang the new military governor of Chengde and ordered that Li Weiyue escort Li Baochen's casket to Chang'an. Li Weiyue refused. In winter 781, Emperor Dezong formally declared Li Weiyue a renegade and removed all of his titles; he also decreed that those who turned against Li Weiyue would be pardoned and awarded.
In spring 782, despite the defense put up by joint Chengde and Weibo troops, Zhu and Zhang captured Shulu (束鹿, in modern Shijiazhuang) and then put Shen Prefecture (深州, in modern Hengshui, Hebei) under siege. Li Weiyue became deeply worried, and Shao again suggested to him that he submit to the imperial government — that he first send Li Weijian to Chang'an to declare his intent, and then kill the officers who would not agree, leave his father-in-law Zheng Shen (鄭詵) in charge of the circuit, and personally head to Chang'an to pay homage to Emperor Dezong. Li Weiyue agreed and had Shao draft a petition. However, the news leaked, and Meng informed this to Tian. Tian was incensed and sent his staff member Hu Ji (扈岌) to Li Weiyue, demanding Shao's death. Li Weiyue, in fear, beheaded Shao in Hu's presence, with Bi's encouragement. He then commanded 10,000 soldiers himself and joined forces with Meng, trying to recapture Shulu, with Wang Wujun as his forward commander. By this point, though, there had been rumors that Wang would turn against Li Weiyue. Wang, fearing that Li Weiyue would believe these rumors, intentionally did not use his best efforts in attacking Shulu. Subsequently, Zhu and Zhang arrived and defeated Li Weiyue, forcing him to flee back to Heng Prefecture.
Li Weiyue began to suspect Wang, particularly after yet another officer, Kang Rizhi (康日知), surrendered Zhao Prefecture (趙州, in modern Shijiazhuang) to the imperial cause, but his staff members urged him not to suspect Wang, as Wang was the only officer he could depend on by this point. Li Weiyue agreed, and put Wang Shizhen in charge of security while putting Wang Wujun in command of an army, assisted by Wei Changning (衛常寧), to try to recapture Zhao Prefecture.
As soon as Wang Wujun left Heng Prefecture, however, he considered surrendering to Zhang. Wei, however, persuaded him that it would be his best course to simply turn against Li Weiyue and capture him. Wang agreed, and therefore turned his army around and headed for Heng Prefecture. Wang Shizhen and Wang Wujun's associate Xie Zun (謝遵) opened the city gates to welcome Wang Wujun in. Wang Wujun captured Li Weiyue and executed his close associates, including Bi, Zheng, and the powerful servant Wang Tanu (王它奴). Initially, because of Wang Wujun's prior service under Li Baochen, he considered sparing Li Weiyue and delivering him to Chang'an. Wei pointed out that if he did so, Li Weiyue might blame the entire rebellion on Wang instead. Wang therefore strangled Li Weiyue to death, and then cut off his head and delivered it to Chang'an.

</doc>
<doc id="19818544" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818544" title="Ram Karmi">
Ram Karmi

Ram Karmi (; 1931 – 11 April 2013) was a leading Israeli architect. He was head of the Tel Aviv-based Ram Karmi Architects company, and is known for his Brutalist style.
Biography.
Ram Karmi was born in Jerusalem. His father was architect Dov Karmi. Karmi grew up in Tel Aviv, served in the Israel Defense Forces in the 1948 Arab–Israeli War. He was one of the first soldiers to join the Nahal. 
He studied architecture at the Technion, Haifa, and Architectural Association School of Architecture, London in 1951–56. His father, Dov Karmi, was also an architect and won the Israel Prize in 1957. His sister, the architect Ada Karmi-Melamede, was also awarded the Israel Prize for architecture, in 2007. He is married to Rivka Karmi-Edry with whom he has a son and two daughters. He also has two sons and a daughter from a previous marriage.
Architectural career.
Early in his career Ram Karmi was employed in his father's office where he worked on plans for the Knesset along with the design competition winner Joseph Klarwein. Karmi planned the Negev Center, Beersheba, in 1960 and El Al building, Tel Aviv, in 1963. He continued his architectural work while lecturing at the Technion, designing the Amal School in Tel Aviv and the Tel Aviv Central Bus Station.
According to Karmi, after the 1967 Six-Day War, the changed atmosphere in Israeli society caused him to re-think his brutalist style. In 1974, Karmi voluntarily became the chief architect in the Housing and Construction Minister of Israel, a position he held until 1979, and worked to re-design the near-ubiquitous public housing projects in Israel. 
In 1986 Karmi and his sister Ada Karmi Melamede were invited to participate in the international competition for the design of the Supreme Court of Israel which they won. The building, designed by Karmi and Karmi Melamede opened in 1992. "New York Times" architecture critic Paul Goldberger wrote of Karmi's design, "the sharpness of the Mediterranean architectural tradition and the dignity of the law are here married with remarkable grace." Beginning in 2007, Karmi was the architect in charge of renovating the Habima Theatre.
Academic career.
Karmi taught at the Technion, Haifa between 1964 and 1994. He lectured at MIT, Columbia University and the University of Houston.
Karmi was a full professor at the School of Architecture of Ariel University Center of Samaria.
Criticism and controversy.
The massive Tel Aviv Central Bus Station, which Karmi designed along with the architects Tzvi Komet and Ya'el Rothschild, has been criticized over the years for being a difficult to navigate bloated structure which also destroyed the neighborhood it was built in, despite numerous advertising campaigns and improvements. In an interview, Haim Avigal, the CEO of the station from 2005, downplayed the navigation complaints, but said that "if I caught the architect who designed this building, I'd beat him up". In 2010, his renovation of Habima Theatre, which at the time was still under way after three years of development, was fiercely criticized.
Awards.
Karmi won the following awards:
In 2005, he was voted the 192nd-greatest Israeli of all time, in a poll by the Israeli news website "Ynet" to determine whom the general public considered the 200 Greatest Israelis.

</doc>
<doc id="19818566" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818566" title="Bregare">
Bregare

Bregare (, "riverside people") is a village in central northern Bulgaria, part of Dolna Mitropoliya municipality, Pleven Province. Bregare lies on the left bank of the Iskar River, from its mouth in the Danube, at an elevation of around . As of 2008, it has a population of about 680 and the mayor is Sasho Stoyanov of the National Movement for Stability and Progress.
The village was settled by Balkan Mountains colonists from Vratsa Province after the Liberation of Bulgaria in 1878. Prior to that, following the Crimean War and more specifically the Siege of Sevastopol (1854–1855), the Ottoman government settled Crimean Tatars and Circassians in the area. They lived in dugouts and adobe houses, but were forced out of the country in 1878. After the Liberation, around 100 families of settlers from Kunino colonized the area; other Bulgarian colonists soon arrived. The colonists included 83 Banat Bulgarian families from Austria-Hungary who arrived in 1894.
The Orthodox church of Archangel Michael was built in 1912–1915 and inaugurated in 1920; according to accounts of elderly people, the architect was from Macedonia. The village also has a small Roman Catholic ("Banatian") church of the Holy Mother of God serving the Banat Bulgarian community. The Father Paisius school's current building was opened in 1934.

</doc>
<doc id="19818572" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818572" title="Ingse Stabel">
Ingse Stabel

Inger-Else "Ingse" Stabel (born 14 December 1946) is a Norwegian judge.
She was born in Oslo as a daughter of Supreme Court Justice Carl Ludovico Stabel (1912–1988) and Karen Andrea Elisabeth Eide (1914–2001). She is a niece of Fredrik Stabel. She family moved from Tøyen to Bygdøy when Stabel was 8 years old, and she finished her secondary education at Oslo Cathedral School in 1965. In 1971 she graduated with the cand.jur. degree from the University of Oslo. Between March 1970 and 1985 she was married to Jo Piene; she is now married to Knut Brofoss, a son of Erik Brofoss.
She started working in the Ministry of Justice and the Police in 1971. She was promoted gradually to assistant secretary in 1978, and from 1983 to 1986 she was a legal adviser. She was an acting presiding judge in Eidsivating Court of Appeal for a brief period in 1986, before working in the Office of the Attorney General of Norway from 1986 to 1988. She was also a member of the National Committee for Medical and Health Research Ethics from 1981 to 1993.
In 1988 she left this position to become Norwegian Gender Equality Ombud. She served one six-year term. She made a mark by supporting gender quotas.
In 1994 she was appointed as presiding judge in Eidsivating Court of Appeal. After the Borgarting Court of Appeal was split from Eidsivating in 1995, Stabel worked in Borgarting. Also, from 1994 to 1997 she was a judge in the Labour Court of Norway, later serving as a deputy until 2002. She was also a member of the Lund Commission from 1994 to 1996, chaired the committees that delivered the Norwegian Official Reports 2001:14 and 2000:11, and was a committee member for the Norwegian Official Report 1991:6.
She chaired the National Insurance Court from 1997 to 2001, and has been a Supreme Court Justice from 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19818585" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818585" title="W-inds discography">
W-inds discography

The discography for the Japanese boy band W-inds consists of 27 singles and 9 studio albums since their major label debut in 2001.
Singles.
Notes: In 2005, Oricon changed to Top 200 albums

</doc>
<doc id="19818601" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818601" title="Castricum railway station">
Castricum railway station

Station Castricum is a railway station in Castricum, the Netherlands. The station opened on the 1st May 1867. The station is on the Den Helder–Amsterdam railway.
Train services.
The following train services call at Castricum:
Bus services.
These services stop outside the station. For journey times see www.connexxion.nl.

</doc>
<doc id="19818602" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818602" title="Brest Prison">
Brest Prison

The Brest Prison (French - "bagne de Brest") was a 254m long prison in Brest, France. It was built between 1749 and 1751 by Antoine Choquet de Lindu, dominating the military port it was built to serve. It could house 300 prisoners (sometimes as much as 10% of the town's population), children as young as 11 as well as older people. It was demolished in the late 1940s.
History.
Its construction was launched after Louis XV of France, by an ordinance of 27 September 1748, transferred the (previously independent) galleys to the control of the French Navy, to allow him to provide crews for galleys cheaply. Galley prisoners were previously held on their galleys - now they would be housed in new prisons, such as that at Brest. On two levels divided into 4 large sections, the building could house 400-500 prisoners and was designed to house the police cheaply, prevent prisoners escaping and providing for prisoners' vital needs.
Its siting was controversial. Though many citizens of Brest wanted it to be built within the Arsenal enclosure, no site "below the cliff" provided enough room for such a construction or suitable for its sanitary needs (running water, ventilation, and so on). Finally built at Lannouron, on the left bank of the Penfeld, between the high corderie, barracks and hospital.
Closed in 1858 since its living conditions were adjudged to be too soft after reports from workers there and after baron Portal's report, its prisoners were moved to penitentiary colonies.
Famous prisoners.
Eugène-François Vidocq, son of an Arras baker, escaped from here as well as from the prison in Toulon and later became chief of police.

</doc>
<doc id="19818610" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818610" title="The Panderers">
The Panderers

Formed in late 2006 by Scott Wynn, a minimalist, lo-fi, DIY audio home recorder, from rural Indiana via Cincinnati, Ohio. Wynn describes his music largely as “eclectic road rock” and/or “ambitious ditties.” Noted for blending diverse his influences of rock, lounge soul and stark minimalism, The Panderers' sound is constructed of ultra-simplified guitar work, gracefully slurring bass lines and solid on-point percussion, all which buoy Wynn's even-handed signature vocal. Wynn lists his strongest influences as lo-fi singer-songwriter as: Bill Callahan (musician), Daniel Johnston and Johnny Cash, he also has drawn direct influence from garage rockers Kings of Leon, "acid country house music" makers Alabama 3 and disco rockers Electric Six.
Overview.
The Panderers gathering stemmed all from one seemingly idle Myspace contact from Wynn to Pete McNeal, who happened to be a member of Mike Doughty’s Band led by Mike Doughty, an American singer-songwriter and former frontman of the band Soul Coughing through most of the 1990s before emerging as a solo artist. McNeal had also been the drummer for Cake (band) from 2001-04. 
With that one unsuspecting outreach on Myspace, and subsequent listenings by McNeal to Wynn’s home-recorded demos, the first two, of the three personalities that would become known as "The Panderers", were soon contemplating the recording an album. 
McNeal shared Wynn’s demo recordings with bassist and composer Andrew “Scrap” Livingston. Being both classically-trained and also possessing an equally unorthodox “greasy" upright bass style, Livingston was a natural fit for the album project and Livingston immediately committed to the recording sessions.
Incidentally, via McNeal, Wynn crossed paths with producer and Grammy nominee, Dave Wilder. Wilder had been nominated as a songwriter for co-writing "I Try" with Macy Gray and others. Wilder and McNeal were also joint producers in a production company that they had recently formed at the time.
In late 2006, Wynn, McNeal, Livingston and Wilder all convened at Wilderstyle Studio in California, to record what would become "Songs that Bang", the very first full-length album as The Panderers. The LP was self-released worldwide, available only from The Panderers' Myspace page, on April 25, 2007. Each copy had a home-printed, understated black and white cardstock jewel case insert with a hand-numbered serial number and is said to have sold a limited 1,000 copies in 19 countries in a short time. In order to make it a true "limited-edition," The Panderers stopped selling the hand-numbered units when the serial number reach an even 1,000 and ended offering the serialized copies until their next step became apparent. 
The attention and income generated by "Songs that Bang", coupled with their growing successes on web sites like Myspace and Ourstage.com, The Panderers were offered and took a showcase at the CMJ Music Marathon and Film Fest 2007.
In late 2007, Mike Doughty took an active interest in The Panderers. Doughty created a microlabel called "Snack Bar" in early 2008 and signed The Panderers to their first national record deal. Snack Bar released an EP consisting of five songs that were originally on "Songs that Bang". The EP was entitled "Hotshot's Boy" which was an early pen name for Wynn and a nickname for Wynn as a youth. 
Wynn's father was from the Southeastern Kentucky coal counties and Wynn would make regular treks to his father's mountain hometown as a child. Many knew Wynn’s father only as "Hotshot" after an old school Wolfman Jack-esque radio DJ of the same name. Wynn was known to many in coal country simply as "Hotshot's Boy." Wynn was the first male in his family not to have been a coal miner. 
The "Hotshot's Boy" EP was released by Snack Bar on March 12, 2008. On the very same day, Doughty brought The Panderers (Wynn, McNeal and Livingston) out on the road for their first national tour of the U.S. and parts of Canada.
Discography.
"Songs that Bang" - Self-released in 2007
"Hotshot’s Boy" - Snack Bar 2008
"Style Rock 2" - Virgin Radio Italia 2009
"Mucho Diggo" - Sought Records 2009
Television, Film and Commercials.
"LittleBigPlanet" Sony PS3 game television commercial ad campaign - (Song: "Come On" - Snack Bar 2008)
"Life (NBC TV series)" on NBC, Season 2, Episode 5 - (Song: "Come On" - Snack Bar 2008)
"" Film soundtrack - (Song: "So Hard" - Mucho Diggo 2009)

</doc>
<doc id="19818613" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818613" title="Koi Cupid">
Koi Cupid

Plot.
Ai, Koi and Ren are three cupids-in-training with utterly different personalities: Koi is a shy, clumsy girl who practices archery every day, Ai is a cheerful girl that wants to be everyone's friend and Ren is a snobby show-off who is intelligent and usually completes her missions faster than everyone else. 
The girls want to get the stamps that will allow them to become full-fledged cupids. In order to accomplish this, they must complete missions by going to Earth and making their targets fall in love.
They must complete their mission or their target's baby will not be born, and they are not allowed to leave Earth until they complete their mission.The girls try to finish their missions by the book, but something always gets in the way. 
The cupids have three very important rules:
All three use different strategies to help humans find their soul mates, from the old-fashioned bow and arrow (Koi’s M.O.) to a magic notepad (Ai’s M.O.). When a demon named Lizette sabotages one of Ai’s missions, however, the three cupids try combatting Lizette’s schemes through the power of friendship.
Pochettes.
Pochette means pocket in French and hand bag in Japanese. Cupids have pochettes to carry their stamp book. Ai's pochette is a panda face, Koi has a sack with a ribbon, and Ren has a heart. A cupid must always carry their pochette. When Cupid Ai wants Lizzette to be her friend, Lizette tricks her into throwing her pochette off a bridge and into the water. When Ai jumps in to get it she almost drowns and Cupid Ren and Cupid Koi had to save her.
Official Broccoli Books website: http://www.broccolibooks.com/books/koiq/koiq_index.htm

</doc>
<doc id="19818646" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818646" title="2008–09 Moldovan Cup">
2008–09 Moldovan Cup

2008–09 Moldovan Cup was the eighteenth season of the Moldovan annual football tournament. The competition started on 24 September 2008 with the first round and ended with the final held in the spring of 2009. The defending champions were Sheriff.
Preliminary round.
This round featured 24 teams from Moldovan lower leagues. The games were played on 31 August 2008.
First round.
In this round entered winners from the preliminary round and 12 new teams, also from Moldovan lower leagues. The games were played on 24 September 2008.
Second round.
This round featured winners from the previous round as well as 4 new teams. The games were played on 8 October 2008.
Third round.
In this round entered winners from the previous round and the 8 remaining teams from the Moldovan National Division. The games were played on 22 October 2008.
Quarterfinals.
The first legs were played on 5 November 2008. The second legs were played on 22 – 24 November 2008.
Semifinals.
The first legs were played on 8 April 2009. The second legs were played on 29 April 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19818673" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818673" title="City of Los Angeles (disambiguation)">
City of Los Angeles (disambiguation)

Los Angeles is a city in the U.S. state of California.
City of Los Angeles may also refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19818686" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818686" title="Dulais Valley">
Dulais Valley

The Dulais Valley, one of the South Wales Valleys is traversed by the River Dulais in southwest Wales north of the town of Neath.
Settlements in the valley include Crynant, Seven Sisters, Banwen and Dyffryn Cellwen which are served by the A4109 road though the valley.
The towns in the valley developed from the coal mining industry.
Visitor attractions in the valley include the Cefn Coed Colliery Museum.

</doc>
<doc id="19818688" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818688" title="Dean Byrne (boxer)">
Dean Byrne (boxer)

Dean Byrne, (born 11 September 1984 in Crumlin, Dublin, Ireland) is an Irish professional boxer who fights in the light welterweight class.
Amateur career.
Byrne, nicknamed ""Irish Lightning"", had vast experience boxing as an amateur fighting out of Crumlin ABC and during his 200 amateur fights he became Irish national intermediate light welterweight champion also represented Ireland at international level.
Professional career.
Following the Irish senior championships, Byrne then emigrated to Australia where he then turned professional and had his first pro fight in February 2006.
Dean's unbeaten streak lasted until 28 October 2011. When, just 8 days after winning a Unanimous decision over Michael Frontin, Byrne took a major step up in class facing France's IBF International Light-Middleweight Champion, Frank Haroche Horta (then 26-8). An unprepared Byrne was outboxed up until the 8th round when his corner retired him due to an injury to his right hand.
Exactly six months later, Byrne fought the then 5-0 unbeaten Terry Holmes of England, and lost a narrow points decision over 8 rounds. Byrne had a comeback fight against Kevin McAuley winning a points decision over four rounds.
On 8 December 2012 Byrne stepped in on a week's notice as a late replacement to fight American contender Carson Jones after Lee Purdy pulled out of the fight due to having caught a virus. Byrne was supposed to be an easy win for Jones who was just recently coming off a majority decision loss to Britain's hard-punching golden boy Kell Brook, but Byrne managed to battle Jones to a draw.

</doc>
<doc id="19818714" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818714" title="Pete Smith (speedway rider born 1942)">
Pete Smith (speedway rider born 1942)

Peter Smith (born 11 July 1942, in Hanworth, England) is a retired international motorcycle speedway rider who spent his entire career with the Poole Pirates.
Career.
Smith began riding speedway motorcycles at the training track at Rye House Stadium in the early 1960s. In 1962, Smith took part in a number of second-half meetings at Poole and made his first full appearance for Poole at a challenge match at Rye House. He continued to improve at Poole and by 1968, Smith had become the Pirates third heat-leader. Poole won the British League championship in 1969, and Smith rose to the number one position at the club with an average of 9.52. Smith also made his first international appearances for England in 1969 against Australia, New Zealand and Scotland. He was made Poole's captain in 1971 and continued to ride for the club until his retirement from the sport in 1977.

</doc>
<doc id="19818751" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818751" title="Armenian draughts">
Armenian draughts

Armenian draughts is a variant of draughts (or checkers) played in Armenia. Its rules are quite similar to Turkish draughts. Armenian draughts, however, allows diagonal movement, too.
Players take turns with each making one move per turn. Pieces consist of men and kings. There are no kings in the setup position.
On an 8x8 board, 16 men are lined up on each side in two rows, skipping the first and last row. So, from a player's point of view, the second and third row are filled with his own men, and the sixth and seventh row are filled with the opponent's men.
A man can move forwards or sideways to an orthogonally adjacent field, if that field is empty. If there is an opposing piece on that field and the field behind the piece (in direction of the movement) is empty, the opposing piece can be captured by a jump, with the capturing piece going to said empty field. Additionally, pieces can move, but not capture, one square diagonally forward. There is no backward movement or capture for men.
Upon ending a move on the last row, a man is promoted to king. Note that the extra movement and capture rights of a king do not yet apply to the man promoted in this move.
Kings may move any number of fields orthogonally forwards, sideways, or backwards, capturing by jumping over a piece and landing in any field of an unbroken row or line of empty fields behind the piece captured. Additionally, kings may move, but not capture, over any number of diagonal fields. In other words, the king moves like a Chess queen. Capturing, however, is different.
Multiple captures are allowed, even required where possible, for men and kings alike. If there are different ways of capture, the one which takes the most pieces (no difference between kings and men is made) is mandatory. If there are several ways of maximum capture possible, the player may choose. As opposed to European versions of draughts, captured pieces are removed during the capture, allowing longer ranges of capture.
Winner is the player whose opponent cannot move anymore.
External links.
Some sites give the rules wrongly, allowing also diagonal capture. Correct versions are at:

</doc>
<doc id="19818753" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818753" title="Lindstrom Peninsula">
Lindstrom Peninsula

The Lindstrom Peninsula is located on the southern coast of Ellesmere Island, a part of the Qikiqtaaluk Region of the Canadian territory of Nunavut. Across Baffin Bay to the south lies Devon Island. Harbour Fiord and Landslip Island are to the west, while the Grise Fiord is to the east. The highest peak on the peninsula is Mount Aqiatushuk .
In 1953, a small group of Inuit families were resettled on the Lindstrom Peninsula, and others to Craig Harbour, a Royal Canadian Mounted Police trading post who moved to the Lindstrom Peninsula shortly after their arrival. By the 1960s, they developed a community at what is now the Inuit hamlet of Grise Fiord, to the east.

</doc>
<doc id="19818758" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818758" title="Confederate privateer">
Confederate privateer

The Confederate privateers were privately owned ships that were authorized by the government of the Confederate States of America to attack the shipping of the United States. Although the appeal was to profit by capturing merchant vessels and seizing their cargoes, the government was most interested in diverting the efforts of the Union Navy away from the blockade of Southern ports, and perhaps to encourage European intervention in the conflict.
At the beginning of the American Civil War, the Confederate government sought to counter the United States Navy in part by appealing to private enterprise to engage in privateering. This was the practice of fitting ordinary merchant vessels with modest armament, then sending them to sea to capture other, unarmed, merchant vessels. The captured vessels would be taken to the jurisdiction of a competent court. If the court found that the capture was legitimate, the ship and cargo would be forfeited and sold at auction. The proceeds would be distributed among owners and crew according to a contractual schedule.
In the early days of the war, enthusiasm for the Southern cause was high, and many ship owners responded to the appeal by applying for letters of marque. Not all of those who gained authorization actually went to sea, but the numbers of privateers were high enough to be a major concern for US Secretary of the Navy Gideon Welles. Many ships of the Union Navy were diverted from blockade duty in efforts to capture privateers. Most of the privateers managed to remain free, but enough were caught that the owners and crew had to consider the risk seriously. The capture of one privateer, schooner "Savannah", resulted in an important court case that did much to define the nature of the Civil War itself.
Initial enthusiasm could not be sustained. Privateers found it difficult to deliver their captures to Confederate courts, and as a result the profits dried up. By the end of the first year of the war, the risks far exceeded the benefits in the minds of most owners and crews. The practice continued only sporadically through the rest of the war. The Confederate government turned its efforts against Northern commerce over to commissioned raiders.
The Civil War was the last time a belligerent power seriously resorted to privateering. The practice had already been outlawed among European countries by the Declaration of Paris (1856). Following the war, the United States agreed to abide by the Declaration. More important than any international agreements, however, is the fact that the increased cost and sophistication of naval weaponry effectively removed any reasonable prospects for profit.
Call for privateers.
Following the 12 April 1861 bombardment of Fort Sumter in Charleston Harbor, President Abraham Lincoln called for raising 75,000 troops to put down the "rebellion". In response, on the 17th Confederate President Jefferson Davis called both for raising troops and for the issuance of letters of marque.
Although the Federal government had only 42 warships in commission, and most others that were laid up were unserviceable, the Confederate States had almost nothing to offer in opposition. With no navy yet established, they turned to the alternative of privateering. The issuance of letters of marque and reprisal was explicitly allowed by the Confederate Constitution and in fact was copied almost directly from the American Constitution. The privateeers were expected to prey upon commercial vessels of the enemy. Their pay would consist of the value of seized ships and cargoes, less legal costs. Two benefits would accrue to the Confederate government; the disruption of commerce might persuade the European nations to pressure the North to end the conflict, and it would also force the North on its own to ease the blockade in order to chase down the raiders.
By this time, the European maritime powers had declared the practice of privateering to be illegal, in the Declaration of Paris (1856). According to the treaty, privateers were to be regarded as equivalent to pirates, meaning that they had the protection of no national flag. A privateer could be seized by the ships of any signatory nation and tried in that nation's courts. In 1856, the United States had declined to ratify the treaty. When the Civil War broke out, the Lincoln government tried belatedly to make this nation a signatory.
If the previous signatories had accepted American entry into the scope of the treaty, it would have meant that they were taking sides in the rebellion. Rather than do so, they insisted that the United States should get its own house in order first. The governments of the treaty participants, in order to avoid becoming involved in the conflict in North America, refused to regard Confederate privateers as pirates. In doing so, they had to acknowledge that a war existed, and therefore both parties had belligerent rights. Although the government of US President Abraham Lincoln objected that this gave legitimacy to what they considered to be properly merely an insurrection, the policy actually worked to the advantage of the Federal government because it meant that British, French, and Spanish courts, including those in colonies in the Caribbean, were closed to the privateers. They would therefore, in order to make good their prizes, have to take them into Confederate ports for adjudication.
Shipowners throughout the South, and perhaps some from the North as well, responded with enthusiasm to the call. The initial burst of ardor was great enough that the Confederate government could lay down some rather stringent conditions, such as requiring the deposit of large bonds, to insure that the practice did not degenerate into outright piracy. The holders of letters of marque were also required to be the actual owners of the ships; this was to discourage speculation in the letters.
An anomalous feature of the legislation governing Confederate privateering was that it considered attacking enemy warships. To give an incentive in the absence of valuable cargoes of merchant vessels that could be sold for profit, the law provided for fixed monetary awards for capturing or destroying ships of the US Navy, with the size of the awards to be based on the numbers in the crews and the value of the ships taken or destroyed. This provision was never applied, as no Union warships were destroyed by privateers. A near exception was provided by the armored ram "CSS Manassas", which was converted into a warship at New Orleans by riverboat Captain John A. Stevenson. Before he could take his ship into battle, however, she was seized by the Confederate Navy and put under the command of Lieutenant Alexander Warley. "Manassas" performed creditably at the Battle of the Head of Passes and Battle of Forts Jackson and St. Philip, but Stevenson and his backers got no reward.
Privateering activity was strongest at the major ports, Charleston, Savannah, and New Orleans, and off the North Carolina coast where the trade of Northern cities with Caribbean and South American countries made use of the Gulf Stream to speed their northward voyages. The first capture of the war was made on 16 May 1861, when the bark "Ocean Eagle" was taken by privateer "J. C. Calhoun" at the mouth of the Mississippi River. "Ocean Eagle" was registered in New England, so the capture was legal, but it is not clear that it aided the South, as she was carrying her cargo of lime to New Orleans. By disrupting the New Orleans trade, the privateers there aided the blockade.
Privateering activity near Cape Hatteras, on the coast of North Carolina, was particularly irksome. Northern shipowners either dropped out of the Caribbean trade or transferred their registry to Great Britain. Insurers pressured the Federal government to defend their interests. In response, the Union sent a combined Army-Navy expedition to take possession of two Confederate forts at Hatteras Inlet. This was the first reclamation of seceded territory by the Union, and was also the first notable Union success of the war.
Union suppression of privateers: three Charleston vessels.
Charleston provided a large fraction of privateering activity, and it is fitting that the fates of three of them were particularly important in its early demise. The three vessels were "Petrel," "Jefferson Davis," and "Savannah."
Privateer "Savannah".
First to leave Charleston Harbor, on 2 June 1861, was the privateer "Savannah". Her second day at sea, she captured brig "Joseph," and thereby became the first Charleston privateer to take a prize in the war. Later the same day, she chased another sail, but discovered too late that it was USS "Perry", an armed brig. After a brief running gun battle, Captain Harrison Baker of "Savannah" surrendered his lightly armed ship. He and his men were put in irons and were taken to New York, where they were imprisoned and tried for piracy (see below).
Privateer "Jefferson Davis".
"Jefferson Davis" was a 187-ton brig, originally named "Putnam" at her launching in about 1845. Sometime later she was renamed "Echo," and under that name was used in the illegal African slave trade. On 21 August 1858 she was captured by USS "Dolphin" off the coast of Cuba with 270 Africans aboard; the Africans were transported to Liberia, where they were set free. "Echo" was taken to Key West, where a court held that her seizure was valid, and she was confiscated and sold at auction. Her new owners restored her original name and applied for a letter of marque at the start of the Civil War. A week later, they amended their application to rename their ship the "Jefferson Davis" in honor of the Confederate president. Despite the name changes, Northern newspapers consistently referred to her as "the former slaver "Echo.""
On 28 June 1861, "Jefferson Davis" slipped out of Charleston Harbor and easily evaded the rudimentary blockade that was then in place. She remained at sea for nearly two months, making nine captures: the schooner "Enchantress," brig "John Welsh," schooner "S. J. Waring," brig "Mary E. Thompson," ship "Mary Goodell," ship "John Carver," bark "Alvarado," schooner "Windward," and brig "Santa Clara." Of these, "Enchantress" was recaptured, "Alvarado" was chased ashore and destroyed by a blockader, "Windward," "Mary E. Thompson," and "Mary Goodell" were released with prisoners, "John Carver" was burned at sea, and the black cook of "S. J. Waring" killed three sleeping members of the prize crew and sailed her to New York City, where he was received as a hero. Only "John Welsh" and "Santa Clara" were taken into Southern ports for adjudication.
"Jefferson Davis" attempted to enter St. Augustine, Florida, but arrived off the coast during a gale. Unwilling to risk capture by nearby blockaders, her captain chose not to ride out the storm. "Jefferson Davis" ran aground and could not get free. Her crew were saved, but the ship was a total loss.
Privateer "Petrel".
"Petrel" had been Revenue Cutter "Aiken" before the war. Seized by the state of South Carolina, she was offered to the Confederate States Navy, but was rejected as unsuitable. Renamed "Petrel," she was sold to private interests who outfitted her as a privateer. On 28 July 1861, she left Charleston and the same day encountered USS "St. Lawrence". Unable to escape, Captain William Perry decided to fight. In a twenty minute gun battle, "Petrel's" hull was holed and she began sinking. Perry then hauled down his flag. Four members of the crew were lost with the ship. The rest, including Perry, were put in irons and taken to Philadelphia, where they, like the crew of "Savannah," were to be tried for piracy.
Trial of the officers and crew of the privateer "Savannah".
Through much of the first year of the war, the government in Washington continued to regard the conflict as merely an insurrection, and that the Confederate government had no legal standing. According to the view of the Lincoln administration, the letters of marque issued by Jefferson Davis or the seceded states had no legal force, and the privateersmen who relied upon them did not represent a legitimate authority. Taking merchant vessels on the high seas therefore was piracy, with the penalty of death upon conviction.
The first trial for piracy was of the 13 men, including Captain Thomas H. Baker, captured on privateer "Savannah." The trial was held in the United States Circuit Court for the Southern District of New York. It began on 23 October 1861, and from the start attracted wide public notice. The mere fact of the trial drew outrage in the Confederacy, where the government threatened retaliation, life for life. To increase pressure on Washington, the prisoners of war who would have been executed in retaliation were selected and their names made known. The trial went to the jury on the seventh day, but the next day the jury announced that it was deadlocked. The prisoners were sent back to prison to await a second trial. The United States government, however, had decided that it would no longer press the charges. The thirteen men would not be regarded as pirates, but as prisoners of war. They later were exchanged. The decision in effect meant that Washington was conceding the rights of belligerency to those who took up arms against it at sea.
The end of privateering.
With the examples of "Petrel, Jefferson Davis," and "Savannah" before them, shipowners realized that privateering was no longer profitable, and the practice soon died out. Some privateers sailed during the remainder of the war, but none had even the qualified success of "Jefferson Davis."
The reason for the demise was not purely economic. Privateering represented a decentralization of power that was inconsistent with both technology and the evolution of the modern state. It fell victim to changes: steam power and gunnery in ships, more rapid communications that enabled greater central control, and the increasing reluctance of governments everywhere to relinquish power. It was this last that doomed privateering, according to Robinson, the primary modern historian of the Confederate privateers; his opinion is echoed by Luraghi. The effort of the Confederate government turned from privateers to their regularly commissioned raiders, which had spectacularly more success in attacking the northern mercantile fleet.
Long before the war was over, privateering could be evaluated, and clearly it was of minor importance. Only a handful of vessels fell victim, and these were balanced by losses of the privateers themselves. Two attempts at privateering on the west coast, the J. M. Chapman Plot and that of the Salvador Pirates resulted in capture and trials for piracy.
References.
Abbreviations used in these notes:

</doc>
<doc id="19818759" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818759" title="Rölli – hirmuisia kertomuksia">
Rölli – hirmuisia kertomuksia

Rölli – hirmuisia kertomuksia ("Rölli - Amazing Tales", English title from the Nordisk Film DVD release) is a 1991 children's fantasy-comedy film. It stars Allu Tuppurainen, Sari Mällinen, Jussi Lampi, Rolf Labbart, Risto Kaskilahti and Harri Hyttinen. The film was nominated for and won 3 Jussi Awards in 1992 including for Best Costume Design and Best Make-Up. Sari Mällinen also won Best Supporting Actress for her portrayal of "Maahiskeiju".
It is the first feature length film based on Rölli created by musician and actor Allu Tuppurainen, which first appeared as a children's show on YLE TV2. The film and TV show do not share similarities except for Rölli's attire and the film being set in the "Rölli Forest". "Suuri Rölli", a character featured in the Rölli audio-plays, appears portrayed by actor Jussi Lampi.
The songs for the film were composed by Allu Tuppurainen, as in the TV series.
Plot.
The film begins with Rölli going to look for some firewood. As he is about to chop an old tree, the tree begins to speak to him begging to instead collect the dead branches from the ground, promising that he'll repay the favour if he ever has the chance. All the while, Rölli is stalked by Big Rölli. He encounters a Forest Fairy (Maahiskeiju) and tries to scare her, but gets captured by Big Rölli instead. The Forest Fairy uses a log which the Big Rölli dragged with him to hit him on his foot to release Rölli. The two escape from Big Rölli and become friends.
Meanwhile, the owner of a toy company, Seesteinen (Risto Kaskilahti), and his butler Lerkkanen come to Rölli Forest to inspect it for the building of a new toy-factory. Rölli and the Forest Fairy try to scare them off by pretending to be a giant, but they're plan fails and the humans give chance. They, however, run into Big Rölli and flee the forest in their jeep. However, "the High Priest of the Kingdom of Evil" (Rolf Labbart), has plans for the two humans. He causes the car to veer off the road and both Seesteinen and Lerkkanen are taken by the Priests lackeys, The Trashers, to their secret lair where they're brought before the Great Trash, a monstrous creature with the vague resemblance of a human head, which the Trashers worship. They are converted into Trashers and begin to plot the destruction of the Rölli Forest.
Seesteinen, pretending to be a good fairy god spirit, convinces Rölli that the sudden amounts of trash that have appeared all over the forest, confusing the residents and turning them on one another, are a good thing. He also leaves him a bottle of whisky telling it is a magic potion. Rölli becomes violently drunk and chases the Forest Fairy away. Disappointed at her own inability to stop the pollution in the forest she decides to leave but is captured by the Trashers. 
Rölli regains his composure and realises that the other inhabitants of the forest are being fooled with an elaborate shopping mall like structure, where they dance to peppy music before being sucked down into the Trashers' lair and converted. Rölli tries to sneak in but is caught. At the lair he is reunited with Forest Fairy. At the same time Big Rölli stumbles upon the fake shopping mall and is also sucked down, but the Trashers are easily over-powered by him. He constantly grooms himself with a piece of a broom he got when the Forest Fairy hit him over the head with it earlier in the film. Brooms and brushes are the Trasher's and the Great Trash's only weakness and thus the Trashers try to get it. The agitated Big Rölli throws the brush at the Trashers and it bounces off their helmets into the mouth of the Great Trash. He begins to deflate and this causes the cave to collapse. The Trashers flee in horror and seem to regain their prior personalities.
Rölli and the Forest Fairy escape also, arriving at the very same tree that Rölli spared earlier in the film. The High Priest ambushes them and reveals his face which has begun to deteriorate due to his defeat. In a final effort he tries to kill Rölli and the Forest Fairy but the tree begins to scream, bewildering him. As his cape is stuck in a nook the tree falls on him killing him.
Name changes.
Though the film doesn't have an official English release, the official DVD includes English subtitles with the following name changes.
Soundtrack.
The soundtrack was released the same year. Allan Tuppurainen was the voice for the Trasher's during the song "Roskanheittäjien messu" and his voice was also used for the Great Trash, albeit heavily altered to make him sound more menacing. The soundtrack features commentary with sound-effects by Rölli in a similar fashion to other Rölli audio tapes and CDs released around the time. 
Timo Tervo performed "Edullisesti itse kullekin" which plays during the mall-dance sequence in the film. The songs were recorded at "ML-studio" and the soundtrack is distributed through "VL-Musiikki OY".
Other movies.
Ten years later Rölli would return in another live action movie, "Rölli ja Metsänhenki", which is however unrelated to first film aside Tuppurainen and Jussi Lampi reprising their roles. A third movie, a feature-length animation, "Röllin sydän" (Quest for a Heart) was released in 2007 in which Tuppurainen voiced the animated Rölli.

</doc>
<doc id="19818760" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818760" title="Joe Wilson (footballer born 1861)">
Joe Wilson (footballer born 1861)

Joseph James Wilson (8 January 1861 – 20 October 1952) was an English footballer who played at outside left. During his 15-year playing career he represented several teams from the West Midlands region, both as an amateur and a professional. He gained an FA Cup winners medal with West Bromwich Albion and was the scorer of the club's first ever goal in The Football League.
Biography.
Wilson was born in Handsworth, Birmingham and attended St Mary's Council School and Handsworth Grammar School. He began his football career during the amateur era, joining Hamstead Swifts in 1877 before transferring to Aston Unity three years later. In September 1885 he moved to Stoke, but did not remain at the club for long as later that year he began playing for Walsall Town, the club that later merged with Walsall Swifts to form Walsall F.C.. Wilson signed for Aston Villa in August 1886 before re-joining Walsall Town twelve months later. He remained at the latter club for just one month, then turned professional with West Bromwich Albion in September 1887.
He scored twice on his Albion debut against Wednesbury Old Athletic in October 1887, helping his club to a 7–1 victory in the FA Cup first round, and was a member of the team that beat Preston North End 2–1 in the 1888 FA Cup Final. 1888–89 was the first season of the newly formed Football League; Albion were one of the twelve founder members and travelled to Wilson's former club Stoke on 8 September 1888 for their first league fixture. In the final five minutes of the match, Wilson scored Albion's first ever league goal, which helped his team to achieve a 2–0 victory.
In August 1890, Wilson was transferred to Kidderminster Harriers, where he played for twelve months before a move to Birmingham St George's. He retired from playing football in April 1892 and from 1894 to 1910 was a Football League referee and linesman, officiating in First Division, Second Division and FA Cup matches, as well as at Non-League level. Wilson later worked as a goldsmith in Birmingham's Jewellery Quarter for 25 years prior to the Second World War. He died in Acocks Green, Birmingham on 20 October 1952.
Career statistics.
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="19818769" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818769" title="Ambulance station">
Ambulance station

An ambulance station is a structure or other area set aside for storage of ambulance vehicles, medical equipment, personal protective equipment, and other medical supplies. Most stations are made up of garage bays or a parking area, normally undercover. In addition to this, stations may also have a crew room, bunk room/living quarters, station office, kitchen area, equipment store, sluice room - cleaning equipment, clean linen store, oxygen cylinder store, and shower facilities. 
Some stations are equipped with a fuel pump to refuel ambulance vehicles and vehicle workshops. Larger stations may have a managers office or training rooms. Ambulance staff may be summoned from the station for emergencies by siren, radio or pagers; depending on the station. At times, crews may be required to park up at a dispatch point, away from the station to cover a certain locality. While vehicles are within the station, charging points are connected to keep the vehicles batteries charged appropriately.
In some instances, ambulance stations may be co-located with, or integral to, other emergency services facilities, such as fire stations or police stations, especially where the ambulance service is operated by the same organisation (such as where a fire department operates the emergency medical service).

</doc>
<doc id="19818824" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818824" title="Hinter Grauspitz">
Hinter Grauspitz

The Hinter Grauspitz (also known as "Schwarzhorn") is a mountain on the border of Switzerland and Liechtenstein in the Rätikon range of the Eastern Alps. With a height of above sea level, it is the second highest summit in Liechtenstein.

</doc>
<doc id="19818826" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818826" title="European route E23">
European route E23

European route E 23 is a series of roads in Europe, part of the United Nations International E-road network. 
Route through France.
A31 Metz-Nancy
N57 Nancy-épinal-Vesoul-Besançon-Pontarlier-Switzerland
Route through Switzerland.
A9 France-Vallorbe-Orbe-A1
A1 Orbe-Lausanne
A1A Lausanne-Lausanne Centre

</doc>
<doc id="19818832" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818832" title="Conference of Ministers of Justice">
Conference of Ministers of Justice

The Council of Europe have been organising Conferences of Ministers of Justice (MJU) on a regular basis since 1961. They constitute an important forum of exchange and coordination of legal policy at the pan-European level. They are one of the best known of the Council of Europe's Conferences of Specialised Ministers. 
Preparation of these conferences is the joint responsibility of the European Committee on legal co-operation (CDCJ) and the European Committee on Crime Problems (CDPC) 
The Ministers of Justice usually meet each year. On a year when there is not a formal (numbered) conference, an informal ministerial conference is usually organised. Each conference is devoted to one or more themes.
Past conferences and themes.
1st conference, Paris (France), 1961
Draft convention on road traffic offences
Draft recommendation on rights of prisoners
Juvenile delinquency
Council of Europe activities in the field of criminological research
2nd conference, Rome (Italy), 1962
Draft convention on supervision on conditionally released offenders
Exchange of information on bills relating to penal and prison matters
Juvenile delinquency
Harmonisation of penal provisions of concern of the Rome treaty
Studies on the international validity of penal sentences
European Convention on Human Rights
Draft uniform law on arbitration
3rd conference, Dublin (Ireland), 1964
Measures to promote the comparative study of laws
Information on foreign law
The uniform interpretation of European treaties
State immunity
After care for conditionally sentenced or conditionally released offenders
4th conference, Berlin (Germany), 1966
Law reform
Exchange of young lawyers
Prevention of new divergencies between the laws of member States
Standardisation of judicial documents
Short term treatment of offenders
Improving the efficacy of legal instruments for crime control at international level
5th conference, London (United Kingdom), 1968
6th conference, The Hague (Netherlands), 1970
7th conference, Basel (Switzerland), 1972
8th conference, Lidingo, (Sweden), 1973
9th conference, Vienna (Austria), 1974
1975, informal conference, Obernai (France)
10th conference, Brussels (Belgium), 1976
Current and future developments in family law
Alternative measures to imprisonment
Mass media legislation in member States
Measures to combat new forms of concerted acts of violence
11th conference, Copenhagen (Denmark), 1978
Problems posed by prisoners of foreign nationality
Access to justice
How can modern administration meet the needs of the citizen
The death penalty
Forfeiture of rights in penal law
1979, informal conference, Aix-la-Chapelle (France)
12th conference, Luxembourg, 1980
1981, informal conference, Montreux (Switzerland)
13th conference, Athens (Greece), 1982
1983, informal conference Rome (Italy)
14th conference, Madrid (Spain), 1984
1985, informal conference, Edinburgh (United Kingdom) 
15th Conference : Oslo (Norway), 1986
1987, informal conference, Helsinki (Finland) 
16th Conference : Lisbon (Portugal), 1988
Criminal law and criminological questions raised by the propagation of infectious diseases, including AIDS
The supremacy of the interests of the child in the field of private law
Sexual exploitation, pornography and prostitution of and trafficking in children and young women
Elaboration of a draft convention on interstate cooperation in the penal field
Improving the implementation of Council of Europe conventions in the field of private law
1989, informal conference, The Hague (Netherlands)
Legal problems in connection with modern payment systems 
17th conference : Istanbul (Turkey), 1990
Protection of the environment through criminal law
The legal heritage of the Council of Europe : its role in reinforcing links with the countries of Eastern Europe
1991, informal conference, Ottawa (Canada)
Sentencing
18th Conference : Nicosia (Cyprus), 1992
Rule of law
Criminal aspects of the market economy
The draft Convention on civil liability for damage resulting from activities dangerous to the environment
1993, informal conference, Lugano (Switzerland)
Protection of minorities
19th Conference, 14–15 June 1994, Valletta (Malta) 
Corruption
1995, informal conference, Bucharest (Romania)
20th Conference, 11–12 June 1996, Budapest (Hungary) 
Efficiency and fairness of civil, criminal and administrative justice
21st Conference, 10–11 June 1997, Prague (Czech Republic) 
22nd Conference, 17–18 June 1999, Chişinău (Moldova) 
23rd Conference, 8–9 June 2000, London (United Kingdom) 
24th Conference, 4–5 October 2001, Moscow (Russian Federation) 
25th Conference, 9–10 October 2003, Sofia (Bulgaria) 
26th Conference, 7–8 April 2005, Helsinki (Finland) 
27th Conference, 12–13 October 2006, Yerevan (Armenia)
Victims: place, rights and assistance
28th Conference, 25–26 October 2007, Lanzarote (Spain)
Emerging issues of access to justice for vulnerable groups, in particular:
- migrants and asylum seekers; 
- and children, including children as perpetrators of crime"
29th Conference, 17–19 June 2009, Tromsø (Norway)
Breaking the silence – united against domestic violence
30th Conference, 24 - 26 November 2010, Istanbul (Turkey)
Documentation.
The report for 1 was published as CEPC(61)16.
The report for 2 was published without reference.
Reports for 3 to 11 and the Obernai conference were published in the "CMJ" series of documents.
Reports from the 12 onwards and reports for informal conferences since 1981 have been published in the "MJU" series of documents.
No report was published for the 1979 conference.
The report of the 19th conference has also been published as a paying publication.

</doc>
<doc id="19818894" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818894" title="USS Oregon (1841)">
USS Oregon (1841)

USS "Oregon" was a brig that served in the United States Navy from 1841 to 1845.
Lieutenant Charles Wilkes purchased the American brig "Thomas H. Perkins" for U.S. Navy service in August 1841 at Astoria, Oregon. Wilkes, commanding the U.S. Exploring Expedition, purchased her to accommodate the officers and crew of USS "Peacock", which had been wrecked on 18 July 1841. Renamed "Oregon", the acquisition was taken to Fort Vancouver for alterations and fitting out for service with the expedition.
Under the command of Lieutenant Overton Carr, "Oregon" sailed with the rest of the squadron on 1 October 1841 for San Francisco, California, then on to Honolulu, Hawaii. On 27 November 1841, "Oregon" and USS "Porpoise" were detached to explore the shoals and reefs extending west-northwest of the Hawaiian Islands, intending to rejoin the rest of the ships in Singapore. In need of general repairs, the two arrived there on 19 January 1842, almost a month before the others. On the 26 January 1842, "Oregon" and "Porpoise" left with the squadron for Cape Town, South Africa, and St. Helena, then departed on their own again for Rio de Janeiro, Brazil before arriving off Sandy Hook, New Jersey, on 30 June 1842.
"Oregon" was overhauled and repaired at New York City, and fitted for surveying service in the Gulf of Mexico. She sailed 6 December 1842 via Charleston, South Carolina, and Tampa, Florida, and conducted surveys in the Gulf of Mexico until midsummer 1843, returning to Norfolk, Virginia, on 24 July 1843. Used as a school ship there through October 1843, she then carried condemned ordnance from Pensacola, Florida, to New York until August 1844.
On 21 September 1844, "Oregon" sailed from Norfolk to the Republic of New Granada with dispatches, returning 11 January 1845. Laid up in the Norfolk Navy Yard on 10 April 1845, she was sold soon thereafter.

</doc>
<doc id="19818921" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818921" title="Rrasa e Zogut">
Rrasa e Zogut

Rrasa e Zogut is a mountain in the Prokletije range in Kosovo, from the border with Albania. It is high and located south-east of Đeravica (), the highest mountain in Kosovo.
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:

</doc>
<doc id="19818943" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818943" title="Dick Damron">
Dick Damron

Dick Damron (born Joseph Glenn Damron, March 22, 1934 in Bentley, Alberta) is a Canadian country music singer, songwriter. Damron experimented with many musical styles in the country genre including: ‘Outlaw’, ‘Honkey tonk’ and Gospel. Over a recording career spanning 32 years he has recorded more than 25 albums, received numerous country music awards, and been inducted into the International Country Music Hall Of Fame, in Beaumont, Texas.
Early career.
Damron started his career performing in both rock and country bands, including the Musical Round-Up Gang (on CKRD radio, Red Deer) and the Nightriders. His recording career began in 1960 when he recorded two LP’s for his own label, Holiday.
Damron had his first breakthrough hit in 1970, when he recorded ‘Countryfied’ for Apex records. He found further success throughout the 1970s with singles such as: ‘Rise ‘n’ Shine,’ ‘The Long Green Line,’ ‘Mother, Love and Country’ and ‘Susan Flowers’.
In 1978 Damron signed his first major label contract and began recording for RCA. By this point he had become an established performer in the ‘outlaw’ style and a well known songwriter. His most popular singles for RCA included ‘Silver and Shine,’ ‘Whisky Jack,’ ‘Honky Tonk Angels and Good Ol’ Boys’ and ‘Good Ol’ Time Country Rock ‘n’ Roll’.
Throughout the years Damron has performed at many notable shows and venues, including the Grand Ole Opry in Nashville (1972). He also toured Europe many times throughout the 70’s and 80’s, the highlight being a performance at the Wembley International Country Music Festival in London, England. Canadian performances include appearances on Canadian television networks CBC and CTV, a concert at the Calgary Stampede, as well as numerous other performances in clubs, concerts, festivals and fairs.
Musical Contacts.
As a solo artist, Damron has been known to play with a small group of anonymous support musicians. His songs have been covered by numerous artists, including George Hamilton IV, Carroll Baker, Gary Buck, Terry Carisse, Jimmy Arthur Ordge, Orval Prophet and Rhythm Pals.
Awards.
Damron won the Big Country award as top country music composer in 1976, followed by the best male country singer award in the years 1977-1979. ‘Susan Flowers’ was declared the Big Country best country single in 1997. He has won CCMA awards as best male vocalist (1983), instrumentalist (1985), entertainer (1989) and for best single in 1984 (‘Jesus it’s me again’). He was also inducted into the International Country Music Hall of Fame, in Beaumont Texas on October 14, 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="19818947" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818947" title="Hunter's Moon (video game)">
Hunter's Moon (video game)

"Hunter's Moon" is a 1987 shoot 'em up computer game programmed by Martin Walker for the Commodore 64. It was published by Thalamus. The music was composed by Matt Gray.
Summary.
Despite the game being a single ~64kb binary (many C64 games loaded each level separately from the storage device), the game world is large: there is 128 levels divided to 32 star systems. Along with "The Sentinel", it is one of the best examples in the use of procedural content generation in early computer games. 
Each level takes place in a void with two dimensional cities appearing as they are being built by "worker cells". The worker cells are indestructible but the bricks dropped by them can be temporarily destroyed using the ship's weapon. The goal of the game is to collect enough star cells contained inside the cities to get to the next level.
By collecting enough star cells within a strict time limit (displayed in the lower score table) it is possible to skip the remaining levels in current star system and pass on to the next, allowing skilled players to advance the game quicker. 
The game was well received, gaining a score of 92% in the well-known computer games magazine Zzap!64.
According to game's creator Martin Walker, Hunter's Moon was inspired by the children's game Spirograph.

</doc>
<doc id="19818961" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818961" title="Alan Ferguson (director)">
Alan Ferguson (director)

Alan Gerard Ferguson is an American music video director. He was born August 5, 1963 in Richmond, Virginia to the late William Alfred Ferguson and Winifred Hocker. He has an older brother William Ferguson Jr. and a younger brother Mark. He has directed music videos for Beyoncé, Jay-Z, Gym Class Heroes, Katy Perry, Natasha Bedingfield, Nelly Furtado, Tiësto and he has become a frequent collaborator with Fall Out Boy.

</doc>
<doc id="19818963" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818963" title="18th SS Volunteer Panzergrenadier Division Horst Wessel">
18th SS Volunteer Panzergrenadier Division Horst Wessel

The 18th SS Volunteer Panzer Grenadier Division "Horst Wessel" was formed in 1944 around a cadre from the 1 SS Infantry Brigade and included mainly Hungarian ethnic Germans or Volksdeutsche (Volksdeutsche is a historical term which arose in the early 20th century to apply to Germans living outside of the German Empire). The 8th SS Volunteer Sturmbrigade France was led by a former Foreign Legionnaire, Obersturmbannführer Paul Marie Gamory-Dubourdeau. The 1st battalion of about 1000 men was attached to SS Division Horst Wessel and sent to Galicia to fight the Soviet advance. In fierce fighting the battalion suffered heavy casualties. It was used for anti-partisan duties until it was sent to the Eastern front, with the exception of one regiment that fought the Slovak National Uprising in August 1944. It later fought as a single unit in Hungary and later in Czechoslovakia where it was destroyed.
The Division was named after the SA or (Sturmabteilung) hero Horst Wessel, a German Nazi known for being the author of lyrics to the song "Die Fahne hoch" (Horst Wessel Lied) and for being glorified by the Nazi regime as a martyr of the early years of the Nazi party.

</doc>
<doc id="19818966" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818966" title="Pierre-Damien Boussoukou-Boumba">
Pierre-Damien Boussoukou-Boumba

Pierre-Damien Boussoukou-Boumba (born 1945) is a Congolese politician. During the single-party rule of the Congolese Labour Party (PCT), he served in the government of Congo-Brazzaville as Minister of Health from 1979 to 1984, as Minister of Scientific Research from 1984 to 1989, and as Minister of Basic Education from 1989 to 1991. He was Ambassador to the United States in the 1990s and Minister of Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises from 1997 to 2002; subsequently he was a Deputy in the National Assembly of Congo-Brazzaville from 2002 to 2007. Boussoukou-Boumba was also President of the Union for the Defence of Democracy (UDD), a political party, from 1996 to 2011.
Political career.
Boussoukou-Boumba, a member of the Bakongo ethnic group, was born in Kibangou, part of Niari Region and located in the south of Congo-Brazzaville. Under President Denis Sassou Nguesso, he was Minister of Health and Social Affairs from 1979 to 1984 and Minister of Scientific Research from 1984 to 1989. He was then appointed as Minister of Basic Education and Literacy on 13 August 1989 and served in that position until 1991. He also joined the Central Committee of the Congolese Labour Party (PCT) in 1989. Boussoukou-Boumba was subsequently appointed as Ambassador to the United States on 12 October 1993 and presented his credentials on 9 December 1993, serving in that post until April 1996.
In 1996, Boussoukou-Boumba became President of the UDD. After Sassou Nguesso returned to power in October 1997, he appointed Boussoukou-Boumba to the government as Minister of Small and Medium-Sized Enterprises and the Craft Industry on 2 November 1997; later, in the government named on 12 January 1999, Boussoukou-Boumba's portfolio was expanded and he was appointed as Minister of Trade, Supplies, Small and Medium Enterprises, and the Craft Industry. In the May–June 2002 parliamentary election, he was elected to the National Assembly as the UDD candidate in Kibangou constituency, winning the seat in a second round of voting. Following the election, he was not retained in the government and was succeeded in his ministry on 21 August 2002. In the National Assembly, he was elected as President of the Legal and Administrative Affairs Commission on 24 August 2002.
Boussoukou-Boumba was again the UDD candidate in Kibangou constituency in the June–August 2007 parliamentary election, facing 15 challengers for the seat. He was initially defeated by an independent candidate, Serge Victor Ignoumba, but on 26 October 2007 the Constitutional Court annulled the election in Kibangou (along with three other constituencies). When the second round of the vote was held over again on 26 December 2007 (it was the last seat to be decided), Boussoukou-Boumba was again defeated by Ignoumba; he received 42.76% of the vote against 57.24% for Ignoumba.
In the August 2008 Senate election, Boussoukou-Boumba stood as a candidate of the Rally of the Presidential Majority (RMP) coalition in Niari Region, but failed to win a seat. There were six available seats in Niari, and he placed eighth, receiving 47 votes from the 130 electors.
Boussoukou-Boumba headed the African Union's observer mission for the January 2011 Central African general election. After the election was held, he gave a positive assessment, describing the vote as "free, democratic, and inclusive". He acknowledged some flaws but said that they were "not likely to jeopardize the credibility of the electoral process".
On 25 June 2011, the UDD merged itself into the PCT in response to the latter party's opening to other parties, a gesture which the PCT made in advance of its Sixth Extraordinary Congress in July 2011. According to Boussoukou-Boumba, a long-time ally of Sassou Nguesso, the decision was intended to assist Sassou Nguesso by bolstering his party; Boussoukou-Boumba also spoke of the need to help in developing and revitalizing the PCT, and he urged UDD members to "remain faithful to our new political party". At the Sixth Extraordinary Congress, held a month later, Boussoukou-Boumba was elected to the PCT's 471-member Central Committee.

</doc>
<doc id="19818973" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818973" title="Nuo opera">
Nuo opera

Nuo opera or nuo drama (), deemed the "living fossil of opera," is one of the most popular folk operas in southwest China and has a long history. Characterized by its special features—such as ferocious masks, unique dresses and adornments, the strange language used in performance, and mysterious scenes—nuo opera has been selected as one of the non-material cultural legacies of China. The opera integrates religious and dramatic culture. The purpose of "nuo" opera is to drive away devils, disease and evil influences, and also to petition for blessings from the gods. Singing and dancing are included in nuo opera and performers wear costumes and masks.
Nuo opera is a direct and important expressive media of nuo culture. Other forms of representation of the nuo culture include Nuo dance (傩舞 儺舞), Nuo song (傩歌 儺歌), Nuo sacrifice (傩祭) and Nuo ceremony (傩仪 儺儀) and so on. The unique symbol of nuo opera, the masks, are considered a treasure of Chinese folk art. The masks of nuo opera are also believed to be the origin of the facial painting used in another famous type of Chinese opera—Beijing opera.
There is a considerable number of repertoires in Nuo opera and they vary from area to area. Repertoires of Nuo opera are more or less based on some well-known historical events or folk stories in China such as "Romance of the Three Kingdoms" (三国演义 三國演義), "Journey to the West" (西游记 西遊記), "Water Margin" (水浒传 水滸傳) and the story of Dragon Kings (龙王 龍王) and so on. Some famous repertoires of Nuo opera include "Mengjiang Nü", "Seizing the Yellow Devil," and "Story of Mount Liang."
In ancient times during the Zhou Dynasty (11th century-256 BC), "nuo" opera was very popular in the Yangtze River, Yellow River and Nenjiang River valleys. However, with the development of civilization and society, the opera's popularity waned in those river valley areas. Nowadays, it still remains popular among the rural areas in southwest China, such as Guizhou, Anhui, Jiangxi, Hubei, Hunan provinces and Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region. It is especially popular in the regions inhabited by some ethnic minorities, such as Miao, Dong and Yao.
Etymology.
"Nuo" opera is the English translation of the Chinese words for the art forms. The Chinese character for "nuo" is "傩" in simplified Chinese or "儺" in traditional Chinese, which is a very uncommon character in modern Chinese. The meaning of the character "nuo" is a patterned step to drive away the devil during the last month of the Chinese lunar new year. And later, Nuo evolved into a type of opera that composed of singing and dancing. The Chinese character for "opera" is "戏" in simplified Chinese or "戲" in traditional Chinese.
History.
The Nuo opera, commonly referred as the "living fossil of opera," is a kind of folk dramatic arts that was originated from primitive religion. In the Chapter "Village" of Analects by Confucius (论语-乡党 論語-鄉黨), "villager nuo" (or village nuo) was mentioned. In the book "Lüshi Chunqiu", it mentioned that there was also a custom that whenever there was an celebration, grand Nuo (or royal Nuo) would be a necessity.
Origin.
The primitive form of "nuo" opera is "Nuoji" (simplified: 傩祭; traditional: 儺祭), which is a special sacrificial ceremony. And "ji" means sacrifice or sacrificial activities and events. It dates back to antiquity. While performing religious rites, people prayed to ward off disasters and receive good luck. Therefore, "Nuoji" was formed as a sacrificial activity or ceremony to worship gods and ancestors. The exact date when "Nuoji" was formed is hard to discover. However, the nuo ceremony was first recorded on bones and tortoise shells during the Shang Dynasty (16th-17th century BC), and flourished in the Zhou Dynasty (11th century-256BC).
In the Zhou Dynasty which is the dynasty following the Shang Dynasty, "Nuoji" was already very popular within the central parts of the territory of Zhou Dynasty. "Nuoji" was performed during festivals and holidays at that time with the purpose to drive away devils and plague. "Nuoji" was a very important social, political, and religious event and even a specific government department was established to be in charge of "Nuoji". As the number of its participants increased from 100 to 1,000, the ceremony became more and more magnificent. At the time, besides the grand "nuo" ceremony held by the royal court, the folk nuo ceremony also appeared in the countryside.
Development.
The "Nuoji" gradually developed into a dance drama and became more of a recreation than a ritual during and after the Tang Dynasty (618-907). It is a masked drama enacted by a priest performing an exorcism, also known as "theater with a presentational aspect, a festival, and the idea of gatherings to establish ties and norms." The rituals have been incorporated into people's lives and are seen as commentaries on Chinese life.
Around the Song Dynasty (960–1279), people started to perform with masks during "Nuoji"; thus "nuo" opera was basically formed. During the Qing Dynasty (1644-1911), "nuo" opera, which had separated from "Nuoji", had become a unique performing art. During the 1930s and 1940s, "nuo" opera began to be shown in some busy cities and towns.
Today, with the development of science and technology, the Nuo opera gradually declined and it can only be seen during the Spring Festival and some other important traditional Chinese holidays in remote mountainous areas, such as Guizhou, Hunan, Jiangxi, Yunnan, Sichuan, and Anhui provinces, inhabited mostly by minority ethnic groups.
After the Establishment of People's Republic of China.
After the People's Republic of China was established in 1949, the influence and popularity of "nuo" opera was suppressed artificially by the Chinese government. This is because the superstitious elements in "nuo" opera are anathema to the Constitution of the Communist Party of China which advocates atheism. Also, with the development of science and technology, "nuo" opera gradually declined and it can only be seen during the Spring Festival and some other important traditional Chinese holidays in remote mountainous areas, such as Guizhou, Hunan, Jiangxi, Yunnan, Sichuan, and Anhui provinces, inhabited mostly by minority ethnic groups. Those mountainous rural areas have little interaction with the outside world. 
Recently (probably after the year 2000), scholars from both China and abroad started becoming interested in "nuo" opera again because of its precious historical value.
Varieties.
"Nuo" opera varies much from place to place because local culture and customs has a great influence on the forms, masks, costumes and conventions of Nuo opera. Generally, Nuo opera can be categorized as follows: Guizhou, Jiangxi, Anhui, and Yunnan. 
Guizhou Nuo.
Guizhou is the center of "nuo" drama in southwestern China due to its long "nuo" opera history and abundant repertoire. In Anshun, a city in Guizhou, "nuo" opera is the primary entertainment activity. Musical instruments include one gong and one drum. The drummer is a very important role during a performance. A patch of land serves as a stage. As a result, Guizhou Nuo is also called "dixi" (ground opera).
The only two occasions for the performance of Nuo opera are at the Spring Festival (Chinese New Year) and at the middle of the 7th moon when rice tassels. The religious meaning is obvious. People hope the Nuo opera can drive away bad luck and bring a good harvest. Year after year, numerous locals are attracted to this performance. Sometimes a drama can last a dozen days. As is true in most other areas, Nuo Drama in Tunbu is the privilege of men to perform. The moment a dancer puts on his mask, he will not speak or act casually since putting on a mask means the spirit is on him already.
Jiangxi Nuo.
Jiangxi (江西) Nuo is usually called Gan Nuo as Gan (赣 贛) is the abbreviation of Jiangxi Province. Nuo opera is most popular in the counties of Nanfeng and Shangli in Jiangxi. From late Qing Dynasty to now, there were about 150 Nuo opera performing groups. A temple for the "nuo" god, which was built in the Ming Dynasty, is still in good function today for people to worship the "nuo" god. About 80 "nuo" opera programs date from the past still exist today. The number of "nuo" opera masks in Jiangxi is over 2000, and there are approximately 2000 professional "nuo" opera performing folk artists. In Shangli county, a popular saying goes that in ancient times, there was a "nuo" god every five kilometers. Therefore, Shangli county conserves over 20 "nuo" god temples.
"Nuo" dancing, one of the most ancient arts and a necessary element in "nuo" opera, has existed in Nanfeng, Jiangxi for over 2000 years. The movements of Nanfeng Nuo dancing are simple but powerful, retaining their ancient characters. Nanfeng Nuo dancing was even regarded as "The Active fossil of Chinese dancing Art". In 1996, Nanfeng county was called "The village of Chinese folk Art-Nuo Art" by National Culture Department of China.
Anhui Nuo.
Anhui (安徽) Nuo is special because it is performed on a clan basis not by a troupe as in other places. Chizhou Nuo is the best known Nuo opera of Anhui Nuo. The origins of Nuo culture in Chizhou areas is one of the most ancient and can be traced back over thousands of years to the neolithic period that has been recently included in the Nation’s First Catalogue of Intangible Cultural Heritage. Chizhou Nuo Opera is divided into three performing formats: Nuo Ritual. Nuo Dancing and Nuo Drama. The complete stage performance must be mixed with dramatic plot, performing procedure, role-playing, type of role, and qiemo (settings, scene and props). All of those should bear the theatrical characters. The performing skill can only be learned through oral instruction and the personal teachings passed on to disciples in person from generation to generation. Therefore, the performing art of Nuo opera is normally passed on within a clan from generation to generation.. There may be two sacrificial ceremonies (in which the Nuo opera are performed as a must) a year: the "spring sacrificial ceremony" that is held sometime between the seventh day to the fifteenth day of the first lunar month and the "autumn sacrificial ceremony" that is held on the fifteenth day of the eighth lunar month. Except for these two ceremonies, there is no performance at all throughout the year.
The dance remains in many villages in Guichi County of Chizhou today which has a strong local flavor. Surrounded in the mist of incense and smoke, "Nuo" dancers would dress colorfully, walk on stilts and wear masks while performing, expressing their wishes of sacrifice to their ancestors, praying for blessing and dispelling the evils. While performing in some mountainous villages, dancers have to put masks on their foreheads, letting the audiences who are standing on the surrounding slopes to see them clearly. To accompany the dancing, the music instruments range from drum, bell, earthen bowl, bamboo flute and Suona. There is a popular saying among Chizhou area that a village would not be considered a village without Nuo opera.
When Chizhou Nuo Opera is performed, it normally has three integrative components: Nuo dancing, main Performance, and salutatory & complimentary remarks. Some of the well-known repertoire of Chizhou Nuo are "Liu Wenlong", "Meng Jiangnü", "Fan Silking" and "Zhang Wenxian" and so on.
Yunnan Nuo.
Leopard Nuo opera in Chuxiong, Yunnan, differentiates itself by the fact that all dancers are painted with a leopard pattern on their nude bodies. The ferocious and agile leopard is regarded as the most qualified to drive away devils. Leopards are played by twelve Yi boys about 10 years old. On the morning of the performance, young dancers will have the leopard pattern painted on their backs, hands, feet, and belly in black, white, red, and yellow colors. A yue-kin, a four-stringed plucked instrument with a full-moon-shaped sound box, is painted on their chests. Their faces are covered with palm leaves, and their heads are decorated with two pheasant tails. When the make-up is finished, dancers enter the role of leopards, prohibiting further talking.
Village rooftops connected by ladders or wood panels form the stage for the "leopards." At the climax of the dance, leopards run after young girls watching the show until the girls take them home, where snacks have been prepared. Leopards eat some snacks as well as throw away some while continuing to dance. This devil-dispelling activity is performed in the rooms, kitchens and stalls of one family after another; the leopards dispel devils for all the villagers.
In the film "Riding Alone for Thousands of Miles" directed by Zhang Yimou, there is a scene of Yunnan "nuo".
Masks.
The most distinctive feature of Nuo opera is the performers wear masks. Different roles require different masks to reveal the characters, through their changing facial features and decorations. The masks are highly aesthetic. The plastic arts, select materials, colors and applications of Nuo opera masks vary among the regions, ethnic groups, culture and aesthetic interests. That distinctiveness adds the masks' enchanting beauty. The masks are mainly made of poplar and willow since poplar is light and less prone to cracks, while willow is widely regarded as having the power to ward off evil. Nuo opera involves many acrobic performances, such as getting into a hot pot, holding burned stones, crossing a fiery pit, swallowing and blowing fire, and stepping on a mountain of swords. As most of the performers are specially trained, they are good at giving exciting performances. 
The number of masks used in one drama ranges from several dozen to two hundred. There are five kinds of masks used in Nuo Drama, namely: civilian general, military general, old general, young general and woman general with other minor roles like soldiers and Taoist monks. Each nuo mask has a fixed name, represents a certain role and has legendary stories to tell about its origins. In Guizhou, a province with the largest number of nuo drama repertoires, at least 24 masks are required to perform an entire nuo drama piece. The masks can appear valiant and martial, stern and tough, or gentle and kind, and they come in various styles to represent different figures. For instance, since the responsibility of valiant gods is to emit awe and dispel ghosts and devils, their masks usually have horns and buckteeth, with a very ferocious countenance.
The masks are endowed with mysterious religious and customary meanings, both in Nuoji and Nuo opera performances. People in Nuo culture circles, who regard the masks as the symbols and carriers of gods, observe various rules and conventions. For instance, the ceremony of enshrining a Buddha statue is held before making the masks; before using them, the ceremony of opening the case; and storing them, the ceremony of sealing the case. According to rules, women are not allowed to touch or wear the masks, and only men can produce, use and store masks. Once a man wears a mask, he is supposed to be possessed by a god or spirit. And therefore, he must not speak or act freely.
"Nuo" masks are the result of primitive religion and totem worship. And each simple and unsophisticated nuo mask, whose role has shifted from primitive totem worship to aspiration for kindness and justice, vividly interprets history. The mask has gradually shed the high shrines and entered the hearts of folk people. It is not only the incarnation and a carrier of gods, but also a mirror that reflects the lives of Chinese ancestors. 
Studies also show that the face painting of Beijing opera and face changing of Sichuan opera are influenced by "nuo" opera masks.
Films.
"NUO, the Devils Hunters" Documentary 18' by Eric Boudot

</doc>
<doc id="19818975" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818975" title="Quinn brothers' killings">
Quinn brothers' killings

Jason, Richard and Mark Quinn were three brothers killed by the Ulster Volunteer Force (UVF) in a firebomb attack on their home in Ballymoney, County Antrim, Northern Ireland on 12 July 1998, towards the end of the three-decade period known as "The Troubles".
Background.
The Quinn family, consisting of mother Chrissie and sons Richard, Mark and Jason, lived in the Carnany estate in the predominantly Protestant town of Ballymoney. The family was of a mixed religious background. Mother Chrissie was Roman Catholic who herself was from a mixed background and the boys' father Jim Dillon was Catholic. After separating from her estranged husband, Chrissie reared the boys as Protestant "to avoid the hassle". Chrissie lived with her Protestant partner Raymond Craig in Carnany which had only a few Catholic residents and was mostly Protestant, reflecting the religious make-up of Ballymoney itself. The boys, aged 9, 10 and 11, attended a local state school and on the evening before their deaths had been helping to build the estate's Eleventh Night loyalist bonfire. A fourth brother, Lee, was staying with his grandmother in Rasharkin at the time of the attack.
The killings took place at the height of the stand-off over the Orange Order march at Drumcree, which created a tense atmosphere in various towns across Northern Ireland. In Ballymoney, the previous year, an off duty Royal Ulster Constabulary (RUC) officer, Gregory Taylor, was beaten to death by a group of loyalist bandsmen.The killing followed a row about the RUC's position after loyal order marches had been banned from the nearby nationalist village of Dunloy. In the weeks before the fatal attack the children's mother Chrissie had expressed fear that she wasn't welcome in the area and that there was a possibility the family home might be attacked by loyalists. "The Ballymoney Times" a local newspaper in the town, reported a story the week of the deaths, stating that a resident of the Carnany estate called in and was concerned about tension in the area adding something serious might happen ""unless Catholic residents were left alone"". Various members of Chrissie's family had lived in Carnany but due to several incidents only Chrissie and her sons remained.The family had only been living in the home, which was previously occupied by the boy's aunt, for six days before the attack.
The attack.
The attack occurred at around half past four in the morning as the inhabitants of the house slept. A car containing members of the Ulster Volunteer Force (UVF), a loyalist paramilitary organisation, arrived at the house and threw a petrol bomb through a window at the rear of the house. The petrol bomb was made from a whiskey bottle. The sounds of the boys' shouting had woken their mother, who found her bedroom full of smoke. Chrissie Quinn, Raymond Craig and a family friend Christine Archibald escaped the resulting fire with minor injuries. Chrissie had thought the boys had escaped the fire as she couldn't locate them in the dense smoke before she jumped to safety from a first floor window. Two of the brother's bodies were found in their mother's bedroom and the other in another bedroom.
Chrissie was taken to hospital and released the next day after receiving minor injuries and shock in the attack.
Reaction.
The M.P. for the area, Dr. Ian Paisley, visited the site of the attack and described the killings as "diabolical", "repugnant" and it "stained Protestantism". However in an interview with ITN he stated that "The IRA have carried out worse murders than we had in Ballymoney over and over again".
Then British Prime Minister Tony Blair denounced the attack as "an act of barbarism".
Reaction from America was also noted as United States President Bill Clinton extended the condolences of the American people to the Quinn family.
Massachusetts Senator Edward Kennedy condemned the killings and stated "The Orange Order must recognize that its refusal to abide by the decision of the Parades Commission led to the murder of the Quinn boys".
New York mayor Rudy Giuliani extended sympathy to the family from the city of New York.
Representatives of other groups from all sides of the constitutional issue in Northern Ireland also condemned the killings.
The then Chelsea F.C. chairman, Ken Bates, offered a £100,000 reward for information leading to a conviction for the attackers.
At the brothers' Requiem Mass, the bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Down and Connor, Dr. Walsh observed that ""For all too long the airwaves and the printed page have been saturated with noises - strident, harsh, discordant noises - carrying words of hatred, of incitement, of recrimination, words not found in the vocabulary of Christianity. But the time for words is over. It's now time for silence, a silence in which we will hear the voice of God.""
Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern attended a memorial mass in Dublin for the children.
The Progressive Unionist Party, which has political links to the UVF, made no comment that the UVF was implicated in the attack.
Conviction of Garfield Gilmour.
Garfield Gilmour, a local loyalist, was found guilty of murder for his part in the attack and sentenced to life imprisonment in October 1999. He had driven the car which had transported the UVF unit containing Johnny McKay, brothers Raymond and Ivan Parke to the Quinn home.
Gilmour was described at his trial as a hard working, farm machinery salesman who came from a middle-class background who was unwillingly part of the attack which killed the Quinn brothers.
The judge described Gilmour as an "accomplished liar".
Gilmour and his girlfriend Christina Lofthouse alleged that an uncle of the Quinn boys, Colm Quinn, had approached their daughter offering her a sweet, knowing it was a small piece of cannabis. Colm Quinn confirmed that the couple had made allegations against him previously that he was a drug dealer. He then had to flee the Carnany estate. However, returning to his old house three months before the fatal attack on his nephews, Quinn claimed he was confronted by Gilmour again and was warned he was "going to be sorted out".
The Orange Order released a press statement a year after the attack, stating, "According to today's judgment the murders were a combination of a sectarian attack by the UVF and a personal grudge between Gilmour and the uncle of the three boys," and voiced the "Order's absolute commitment to ensuring that justice is done for their family.""
Aftermath.
After being released from hospital Chrissie Quinn returned to her mother's native Rasharkin to live and decided to have the boys buried there. The boys were buried two days later in St Mary's cemetery in Rasharkin after requiem Mass. Thousands of both Catholics and Protestants attended the funeral.
A number of loyalist bands defied RUC requests not to play music while marching past the boy's grandmother's house in the days after the killings.
In April 1999 the former home of the boys in Carnany Park was demolished and replaced with a children's play park as a memorial.
An uncle of the boys, Frankie Quinn, appeared in court in 2007 accused of stabbing Garfield Gilmour in Ballymoney. Quinn was successful in an application for bail.

</doc>
<doc id="19818976" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818976" title="Cytomegalic inclusion body disease">
Cytomegalic inclusion body disease

Cytomegalic inclusion body disease (CIBD) is a series of signs and symptoms caused by cytomegalovirus infection, toxoplasmosis or other rare infections such as herpes or rubella viruses. It can produce massive calcification of the central nervous system, and often the kidneys.

</doc>
<doc id="19818977" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818977" title="Mindrum railway station">
Mindrum railway station

Mindrum railway station was a stone built railway station serving the hamlet of Mildrum and the surrounding villages in Northumberland. It was on the Alnwick to Cornhill Branch which ran from Alnwick to Cornhill Junction on the Kelso line near Coldstream.
History.
Authorised in 1882 the Cornhill Branch was built to link the farming communities of north Northumberland with the market town of Alnwick and link the North Eastern Railway's Kelso line to its Alnwick Branch. Construction started by the North Eastern Railway in 1884, and the line opened to freight between Cornhill and in 2 May 1887, and the whole line for both freight and passengers on 5 September of the same year. The line had difficulty attracting passengers as many of the stations were some distance from the communities they served. Increased bus competition in the 1920s led to passenger trains being withdrawn on 22 September 1930 although the service resumed briefly during the Second World War to serve RAF Milfield near . 
After a severe storm in 1949 washed away a bridge north of Ilderton station British Railways who had recently taken over the line decided that the volume of traffic along the line did not warrant replacing it. The line was thus split into two, to , and to which included Akeld. This coupled with an infrequent service caused the line to go further into decline and the section from Alnwick to Ilderton closed on 2 March 1953 with the other section and Mindrum station following suit on 29 March 1965.
Present day.
The station building is a private residence.

</doc>
<doc id="19818985" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818985" title="Nai Talim">
Nai Talim

Nai Talim is a spiritual principle which states that knowledge and work are not separate. Gandhi promoted an educational curriculum with the same name based on this pedagogical principle.
It can be translated with the phrase 'Basic Education for all'. However, the concept has several layers of meaning. It developed out of Gandhi's experience with the English educational system and with colonialism in general. In that system, he saw that Indian children would be alienated and 'career-based thinking' would become dominant. In addition, it embodied a series of negative outcomes: the disdain for manual work, the development of a new elite class, and the increasing problems of industrialization and urbanization.
The three pillars of Gandhi's pedagogy were its focus on the "lifelong character" of education, its "social character" and its form as a "holistic process". For Gandhi, education is 'the moral development of the person', a process that is by definition 'lifelong'.
Education.
Gandhi's model of education was directed toward his alternative vision of the social order: "Gandhi’s basic education was, therefore, an embodiment of his perception of an ideal society consisting of small, self-reliant communities with his ideal citizen being an industrious, self-respecting and generous individual living in a small co­operative community.
Nai Talim also envisaged a different role for the teacher, not simply as a professional constrained by curricula and abstract standards, but rather as a person relating directly to the student in the form of a dialogue:
"A teacher who establishes rapport with the taught, becomes one with them, learns more from them than he teaches them. He who learns nothing from his disciples is, in my opinion, worthless. Whenever I talk with someone I learn from him. I take from him more than I give him. In this way, a true teacher regards himself as a student of his students. If you will teach your pupils with this attitude, you will benefit much from them. 
Gandhi's disciple, Vinobha Bhave, developed the idea further as a means of social transformation: "The crux of Nai Talim lay in overcoming distinctions between learning and teaching, and knowledge and work. Vinoba discusses the need to redefine the relationship between teacher and student, "they must each regard the other as a fellow worker..." Instead, the ‘teacher’ was to be skilled in a kala/hunar (and to derive sustenance from this and not a teaching salary). The student was to live, work and grow with the teacher and his/her family. In this process s/he would learn the kala/hunar — the skill as part of a way of life, code of ethics, web of relationships, etc.".
Finally, Nai Talim was conceived as a response to one of the main dialectics of modernity as Gandhi saw it--the dialectic between human being and 'machine' or 'technology': "In this dialectic, man represented the whole of mankind, not just India, and the machine represented the industrialized West." It is for this reason, among others, that Gandhi placed such central emphasis in his pedagogy on the role of handcrafts such as spinning; they symbolized the values of self-sufficiency or Swaraj and independence or Swadeshi.
Handicrafts.
Traditional and colonial forms of education had emphasized literacy and abstract, text-based knowledge which had been the domain of the upper castes. Gandhi's proposal to make handicrafts the centre of his pedagogy had as its aim to bring about a "radical restructuring of the sociology of school knowledge in India" in which the 'literacies' of the lower castes--"such as spinning, weaving, leatherwork, pottery, metal-work, basket-making and book-binding"—would be made central. The other aim of this use of handicrafts was to make schools financially and socially independent of the state—an even more radical concept. Thus in his influential article on education in Harijan in 1937 he argued: "By education I mean an all-round drawing out of the best in child and man-body, mind and spirit. Literacy is not the end of education nor even the beginning. It is only one of the means by which man and woman can be educated. Literacy in itself is no education. I would therefore begin the child's education by teaching it a useful handicraft and enabling it to produce from the moment it begins its training. Thus every school can be made self-supporting."
History.
Gandhi's first experiments in education began at the Tolstoy Ashram in South Africa. It was much later, while living at Sevagram and in the heat of the Independence struggle that Gandhi wrote his influential article in Harijan about education. In it, he mapped out the basic pedagogy:
A national education conference was held at Wardha on October 22–23, 1937. Afterwards two model schools were opened at Wardha and nearby Segaon. Post-basic education and pre-basic education schools were developed after Gandhi's death.
The National Planning Commission set up by the central government expressed its opposition to Gandhi's vision of Basic Education on several grounds. The Nehru government's vision of an industrialized, centrally planned economy had no place for 'basic education' or self-supported schools, rather it reflected the "vision of a powerful and growing class of industrialists, their supporters in politics and intellectuals with high qualifications in different areas, including science and technology."
A further detailed history of the attempts to implement basic education in India is given by Marjorie Sykes, The History of Nai Talim.
Finally, as has been noted by Krishna Kumar, "the implementation of Gandhi’s plan could not survive the ‘development decade’ of the 1960s when the Indian economy and its politics entered into a new phase featuring the penetration of Indian agriculture by the advanced economies of the West and the centralization of power."
Quotations.
"Basic education links the children, whether of cities or the villages, to all that is best and lasting in India."
"The principal idea is to impart the whole education of the body, mind and soul through the handicraft that is taught to the children.” (Mahatma Gandhi)
"An education which does not teach us to discriminate between good and bad, to assimilate the one and eschew the other, is a misnomer."(Mahatma Gandhi)
"The aim of university education should be to turn out true servants of the people who will live and die for the country's freedom."(Mahatma Gandhi)
"The schools and colleges are really a factory for turning out clerks for Government."(Mahatma Gandhi)
“The real difficulty is that people have no idea of what education truly is. We assess the value of education in the same manner as we assess the value of land or of shares in the stock-exchange market. We want to provide only such education as would enable the student to earn more. We hardly give any thought to the improvement of the character of the educated. The girls, we say, do not have to earn; so why should they be educated? As long as such ideas persist there is no hope of our ever knowing the true value of education.” (M. K. Gandhi True Education on the NCTE site)

</doc>
<doc id="19818999" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19818999" title="Heitor TP (album)">
Heitor TP (album)

Heitor TP is the first long play studio solo album by the Brazilian musician Heitor Pereira, released in 1987 (see 1987 in music).

</doc>
<doc id="19819005" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19819005" title="Altgeld Hall">
Altgeld Hall

Altgeld Hall, located at 1409 West Green Street in Urbana, Illinois on the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign (UIUC) campus, was built in 1896-97 and was designed by Nathan Ricker and James McLaren White of the University's architecture department in the Richardsonian Romanesque style. The building was originally the University Library, and received major additions in 1914, 1919, 1926, and 1956. From 1927-55 it was used by the College of Law, and from 1955 on by the Department of Mathematics and the Mathematics Library. The University Chime in the bell tower, which marks the hours, half hours, and quarter hours and plays a ten minute concert every school day at 12:50 PM, was installed in 1920. The building was officially named "Altgeld Hall" in 1941.
Altgeld Hall was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 17, 1970.
History.
Design.
Planning for the building started in 1892, with Governor John Peter Altgeld and University President Andrew Sloan Draper involved in the design of the building. Initially, the trustees announced a design contest that would award $1200 to the best design. The trustees awarded the prize to Edward G. Bolles, a young man with no experience in building design, but after the building committee met with the young man, they decided to reject the Bolles entry and all the other entries submitted. 
Based on a suggestion made by Governor Altgeld, the building committee offered the commission to Daniel Burnham, fresh from his success as the organizing architect of the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition in Chicago. Artistic conflicts between Burnham and the Governor soon became clear, and the relationship was severed. After two years of looking for an acceptable design, the building committee called upon the university's own architecture department. On February 4, 1896, Professors Nathan Ricker and James McLaren White completed the design plans that included construction costs in less than a month.
Altgeld Hall was one of five Illinois university buildings, the so-called "Altgeld's castles", in whose designs the governor took a personal interest.
Construction.
Construction started on June 10, 1896, only four months after the initial building design was submitted by Ricker and White. The cornerstone, which included a time capsule, was set on September 11, 1896. Ricker and White supervised the construction of the building which was completed on December 1, 1897.
Decoration.
The exterior features the only gargoyle on campus, while the interior features four murals painted around the domed ceiling of what is now the Mathematics Library. Newton Alonzo Wells painted the murals at the recommendation of the architects. The four murals were dedicated to the four colleges at the University in 1897. The south mural is "The Sacred Wood of the Muses" dedicated to the College of Literature and Arts. The north mural is "Arcadia" dedicated to the College of Agriculture. The west mural is "The Laboratory of Minerva" dedicated to the College of Science. The east mural is "The Forge of Vulcan" dedicated to the College of Engineering.
Use.
At dedication on June 8, 1897, the building was designed as the University Library. In 1927, the School of Law moved in and occupied the building until 1955; an inscription at the north entrance of the building still says "Law Building". Since 1955 the Department of Mathematics and the Mathematics Library have occupied the building . In 1941, the building was officially named Altgeld Hall after Governor Altgeld.
Bell tower.
The University Chime was installed in the Altgeld Hall tower in 1920. The University Chime consists of fifteen bells, weighing a total of seven and a half tons, cast by McShane Bell Foundry in Maryland. The University Chime was a gift from the graduating classes of 1914 and 1921 and the United States School of Military Aeronautics. The three largest bells are dedicated to Dr. Edmund Janes James, a past university president, the men trained in the United States School of Military Aeronautics, and the classes of 1914-1921. The Seth Thomas clock mechanism was installed in 1922 that allows the chime to play the Westminster chime to mark the hours and the quarters.
Concerts.
Altgeld Tower bell concerts are performed weekdays from 12:50 to 1:00 PM while school is in session. Concerts are performed during special occasions, such as Homecoming Weekend, the University of Illinois Founders Day, and Commencement evening. The concerts have been a tradition since 1920 when the University Chime was installed.
The bells are controlled by playing a clavier with wooden levers, which looks like a large keyboard. The levers are connected to the clapper inside the bell by a steel wire. The University Chime has an almost complete musical scale which ranges from lower D to upper G with the exception of lower D sharp and lower and upper F natural. For this reason, some tunes must be altered slightly by the Chimemaster.
References.
Notes
External links.
Photographs on the UIUC website

</doc>
<doc id="19819027" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19819027" title="John Blume">
John Blume

Blume’s career included major contributions to dynamic theory, soil structure interactions, and the inelastic behavior of structures, earning him the title of the “Father of Earthquake Engineering.” John Blume died at the age of 92 at his Hillsborough, California home on March 1st, 2002. 

</doc>
<doc id="19819032" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19819032" title="SpVgg Ludwigsburg">
SpVgg Ludwigsburg

The SpVgg Ludwigsburg is a German association football club from the city of Ludwigsburg, Baden-Württemberg.
History.
The club was formed in 1907 under the name of 1. FC Ludwigsburger Kickers. In August 1907, the club then played its first game, a 0–2 loss to FC Vorwärts Stuttgart-Ostheim. In 1909, the club entered the local "C-Klasse", beginning its area of competitive football. 
The First World War took a heavy toll on the relatively new club, of its 100 members, 35 did not return from the war. On 17 February 1919, the club reformed itself after being dormant throughout the war and adopted a new name, VfB Ludwigsburg. The new name was meant as a sign to show that the club had evolved from a football-only to a multi-sport association.
By 1921, the "VfB" counted 500 members but internal strife lead to some the footballers going their own way that year, forming the RSV Ludwigsburg. "VfB" and "RSV" at times competed on the same level, resulting in interesting derbies. Both clubs reached as far as the local second division, the "Kreisliga".
In 1938, the two clubs finally came together again, merging and forming the current SpVgg 07 Ludwigsburg. the aim of the new club was to gain entry to the "Gauliga Württemberg", then the highest level of play in the state. "SpVgg" also became the owner of the Ludwig-Jahn-Stadion, the second-largest stadium in Württemberg at the time. Despite all this, the club did not archive promotion to the "Gauliga" until 1944, when playing football was already almost impossible due to the worsening war situation. The 1944–45 season barely got under way before it had to be cancelled and the "SpVgg" managed to play only four games.
After the end of the Second World War, the US occupation authorities did not permit the formation of more than one club in Ludwigsburg at the time, therefore, all clubs merged temporarily into the SKV Ludwigsburg. In January 1947, the "SpVgg" reformed and got approval from the authorities a month later. 
The early post-war years were difficult for the club, its old ground was for a time occupied by the US Army and unavailable. To entice the TSV 1860 Munich to play a friendly in town in 1947 for example, the "SpVgg" had to pay the other club 120 kg of fruit as money was virtually worthless at this time. 
On the playing field, the "SpVgg" languished in the second-highest league in Württemberg, the tier-four "Bezirksklasse". In 1955, it barely escaped relegation from there but then managed to improve its fortunes and in 1958, it earned promotion to the "Amateurliga Württemberg" (III). In this league, the club archived mid-table finishes in its first couple of seasons. In 1962, it struggled against relegation, but the season after, 1962–63, it finished runners-up to the VfB Stuttgart Amateure in what was now the "Amateurliga Nordwürttemberg".
After this short run of success, the team deteriorated, falling back to the end of the table. After a narrow escape in 1965, the club was relegated to the "2nd Amateurliga" in 1966. A championship in this league in 1970 earned the club the right to return to the third division.
Back at this level, the "SpVgg" once more managed to finish runners-up to the second team of the VfB Stuttgart. Because reserve teams were ineligible for promotion to the "Regionalliga", Ludwigsburg earned the right to take part in the promotion round. In this round, the club managed to beat Waldhof Mannheim and earn promotion to the second division "Regionalliga Süd". It was the clubs first entry into professional football. 
It lasted for two seasons in the "Regionalliga", finishing 15th in the first year and 16th in the second and with this being relegated back to the "Amateurliga". Back in this league, Ludwigsburg performed strongly, finishing third, second and first in the next three seasons. It also won its first Württemberg Cup in 1974. This allowed the club to play in the DFB Cup 1974-75, where it lost to 1. FC Mülheim in the first round replay. The second place in 1975 also earned the club entry into the German amateur football championship, where it competed with very little success. In 1975–76, the club once more competed in the German Cup, losing 0–6 to Borussia Dortmund at home in the first round. 
In 1976–77, the club had a bad season but recovered to qualify for the new "Oberliga Baden-Württemberg" in 1978, finishing fifth, the last possible spot to do so.
After a slow start in the new league and two difficult seasons, the club managed a second place finish in 1982. Entering the German amateur championship for a second time, it narrowly lost to SV Werder Bremen Amateure in the semi-finals in extra time. After this, the club didn't play a big role in the league, eventually finding itself relegated in 1988, to the "Verbandsliga Württemberg" (IV). It staged a quick recovery in this league and by winning it returned to the "Oberliga" on first attempt. In 1991, it once more came second in this league and went all the way to the final of the amateur championship. Despite having a home game, "SpVgg" managed to lose 1–2 to Werder Bremen Amateure once more. Reaching the final meant however the club was qualified for next seasons German Cup, where it lost 1–6 to Eintracht Frankfurt at home in the second round, having beaten Eintracht Braunschweig 3–2 in the first round.
With the reforming of the "Regionalliga Süd", the club managed to qualify for this league, too in 1994. The "SpVgg" lasted three seasons in this league, a seventh place in 1995–96 being the highlight. However, the season after it was relegated back to the "Oberliga".
After eight seasons with mixed results, the club once more found itself relegated to the "Verbandsliga" in 2005. Despite ambitions to return to the "Oberliga", more than upper-table finishes could not be archived in this league and the "SpVgg 07 Ludwigsburg" eventually found itself relegated from the "Verbandsliga" in 2011.
Honours.
The club's honours:
Recent seasons.
The recent season-by-season performance of the club:

</doc>
<doc id="19819041" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19819041" title="DTU Campus Village">
DTU Campus Village

DTU Campus Village is an international student housing complex found on campus at the Technical University of Denmark (DTU). The University, located in the municipality of Kongens Lyngby, Denmark, is a top-third ranking technical school in Europe, attracting more than 700 international students a year. Campus Village houses up to 224 students, most staying a duration of a semester or an academic year. The 'Village' is made up of many identical red constructions, each labelled with a letter of the alphabet, and each housing up to nine students. These are arranged in rows, and they are most often called the "Containers", by both residents and non-residents.
Within the village there exists an environment of collaborative learning and cultural learning, characteristic of ERASMUS and similar international student programs. Residents come from many different backgrounds and countries. The Village culture that develops among the students is unique, and it enhances cultural learning and promotes collaborative community-living.
Origin.
DTU Campus Village was constructed in the summer of 2001, and was opened as an international student dormitory starting in fall 2001. The cluster of container units were placed on a lot with the address 330 Elektrovej. Despite having a single campus address, Building 330 (Campus Village) is not a yellow-brick construction like other campus buildings. It is instead made up of many one-story structures resembling shipping containers, painted red like the DTU logo. International students have been housed in these "Containers" since the fall semester of 2001. The Danish accommodations officers at the International Office of DTU, as well as international-residents, call Campus Village by its nickname, the "Containers."
Location.
Campus Village is located in the southwest quadrant (kvadrant 3) of the DTU Campus, in between Elektrovej and Fysikvej. The campus—formerly an airfield (Lundtofte Flyveplads)—lies on the plain of Lundtoftesletten in northeastern Lyngby. Over 220 of the international students hosted each semester choose to stay in Campus Village for convenience, to be near lecture halls, professors, and the social scene. Classrooms, administration buildings, library, computer labs, and the student bar are all found on campus, within 800m (2600 ft). Downtown Lyngby is 2 km (1.3 mi) away.
Exchange Programs and ERASMUS.
Student residents staying in Campus Village can be participants of exchange or bilateral-agreement programs between DTU and their home university. Many of the European students receive scholarships through the ERASMUS program, short for the European Region Action Scheme for the Mobility of University Students. Established in 1987 as a major part of the Lifelong Learning Programme 2007–2013 of the European Union, it is a higher education initiative that encourages and supports study abroad. When a student completes courses at one of the 2199 participating institutions from 31 countries, the student is guaranteed to receive equivalent credit for the period abroad upon return to the home university. ERASMUS students do not pay extra tuition fees to the hosting university, and they are eligible for living expenses grants. ERASMUS also helps arrange accommodation leasing, sub-leasing, and swaps, between students from different countries. Students are also able to exchange tips based on past experiences abroad.
The different types of study abroad programs, ERASMUS or not, generally last a semester to two semesters (fall, spring, or both).
Reason to study abroad.
Campus Village residents study engineering or science, as DTU is a technical university. The twenty-four DTU Msc (Master of Science) program offer a variety of English-tutored classes in mathematics, science, computer science, environmental science, technology, and engineering. Students at Campus Village can have different levels of education completed at their home university; some come to DTU as undergraduates to gain general competence in engineering, and others are in the process of writing their master theses or working on graduate research at DTU.
A universal reason for study abroad, often more important than the technical education, is expansion of world view. Students hope to learn about cultures and languages different from their own. "Container life," where students come from all regions and perspectives or the world, allows students to experience different cultures and attitudes.
Languages.
A mix of languages is present at Campus Village. While some students with common nationalities talk to each other in their native languages, many students make an effort to learn another language. Many international students hope to learn English by studying in Denmark, as most Danes speak English since a young age, and by popular culture influence, Danish English has a similar accent to American English. Some Campus Village residents manage to learn phrases from an additional foreign language like French or Portuguese through living with native speakers of those languages. Some students attend a class at night to learn Danish.
Cultural Learning Experience.
Most Campus Village residents are university-age students in their undergraduate or graduate years, who leave their home country to gain a deeper and wider understanding of other cultures. There is enthusiasm towards sharing of cultural beliefs and trends. Through interaction with each other—cooking together, cleaning together, talking, playing games, and watching films—students come to understand cultural differences and similarities. 
Flexible Program.
Some students choose DTU as a study abroad destination because of its flexible graduate program. The programs offer a wide range of advanced technical courses. DTU has official co-operation agreements with major technical universities of the world such as the Beijing Polytechnic University and the University of Illinois, making credit transfer easy for students studying abroad.
Community.
Students at DTU Campus Village collaborate to make each other's time abroad a memorable learning experience. "Container life" is the term most often used by present and past residents to describe the campus experience. Daily container life is highlighted by several student-organized events, such as dinners, dances, BBQ in the Village, and group travels.
International Dinners.
Cooking together and sharing food are popular activities through which residents bond. Some Containers regularly cook together, and some Containers assign shifts so that one or two will cook for many. Students in a container often shop for groceries at a Fakta, Netto, or other discount stores in Lyngby. Some Containers save money by keeping a food fund together. Because of the diversity in the background of the students, Container dinners will involve cultural dishes, as well as dishes that are a mix of several cultural tastes. Past dinner events held include
International students with off-campus housing often visit Campus Village to visit and participate in these dinners.
International students studying in Denmark are generally not offered aid to cover the cost of living expenses such as meals, accommodation, transport, books, or materials. Because they find that food items, like most everything else, are more expensive compared to in their home countries, group meals are also a way to save money on groceries.
Travel.
Students from the Containers sometimes travel together on weekends and holidays. Weekend trips may be to Copenhagen, or to other major cities of Denmark: Roskilde, Odense, etc. Scandinavian countries of Sweden, Norway, and Finland are also relatively close destinations. Popular cities to visit outside Scandinavia include Berlin, Amsterdam, Prague, and Brussels. Some European students have cars to travel in. Non-European students may travel together, using the Eurail discount pass to travel by train.
The Buddy Programme.
Foreign exchange students at DTU have the option to have a Danish Buddy through the university's student association, in order to get better acquainted with the campus, campus life, and Danish culture. The Polyteknisk Forening (student association, or PF) sponsors the Buddy Programme, which is led by student coordinators. Buddies are Danish students who volunteer to help international students adapt to studying and living in Denmark. In exchange for their guidance and friendship, Buddies gain more insight in the life of exchange students, as well as the culture of foreign students. The Buddy Programme offers organized group events for Buddies and international students, including cultural dinners, a trip to Malmoe, Sweden, a Danish Christmas or Easter Dinner, and ice skating. The Buddies are encouraged to meet weekly to talk with their students. The meetings sometimes take place during International Night at the Cellar Bar on campus, making it an environment for social and cultural exchange on Tuesdays.

</doc>
<doc id="19819045" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19819045" title="Kutt Calhoun">
Kutt Calhoun

Melvin Lewis Calhoun Jr., better known by his stage name Kutt Calhoun, is an American rapper from Kansas City, Missouri. His second album, "Feature Presentation", debuted at #60 on the "Billboard" "Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums" chart in its first week of release.
"Feature Presentation".
After a long hiatus for most of its artists, Strange Music would find a new distribution deal in 2006, and thus a schedule of releases was mapped out. Summer 2007 was originally the projected release time for his second album, "Feature Presentation". Strange Music would see a delay in their release schedule however, and Kutt Calhoun would instead record and release the album on October 7, 2008. The album saw features from his label mates Tech N9ne, Krizz Kaliko and Skatterman & Snug Brim once again, though it also featured several other local rappers such as The Popper, E-Skool, Paul Mussan and BG Bulletwound. The second album performed better on the charts than his debut, reaching #60 on Billboard's "Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums" as well as charting #19 on the "Top Heatseekers" chart. A music video was shot for the song "Bunk Rock Bitch," and the video was released by the Record Label through their YouTube account on January 15, 2009. The video features fellow label mates Tech N9ne and Krizz Kaliko.
"Raw and Un-Kutt".
Kutt Calhoun released his third album, "Raw and Un-Kutt" on June 8, 2010. Singles from the album include: "Naked (Boom Boom Room)" and "Get Kutt". Features include Brotha Lynch Hung, E-40, Joe Budden, Tech N9ne, Too Short, among others. On May 26, 2010, XXL premiered the video for "Naked (Boom Boom Room)" on their website.

</doc>
<doc id="19819054" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19819054" title="United Nations Security Council election, 2009">
United Nations Security Council election, 2009

The 2009 United Nations Security Council election was held on 15 October 2009 during the 64th session of the United Nations General Assembly, held at United Nations Headquarters in New York City. The election was for five non-permanent seats on the UN Security Council to serve two-year mandates commencing on 1 January 2010.
In accordance with the Security Council's rotation rules, whereby the ten non-permanent UNSC seats rotate among the various regional blocs into which UN member states traditionally divide themselves for voting and representation purposes, the five available seats were allocated as follows:
Nigeria was expected to run unopposed for a 2010–11 seat, but unexpectedly faced competition from Sierra Leone. Nigeria has already served thrice in the UNSC, while Sierra Leone served only once. Sierra Leone did not contest the seat, however. Instead, Gabon ran for the second seat.
Bosnia and Herzegovina was the only candidate country for the Eastern European group seat, as Poland withdrew its candidacy after it became clear that it could not overcome the strong support for Bosnia and Herzegovina's candidacy. Poland then gave its support to Bosnia and Herzegovina and invited "all the countries which have already given their support to Polish candidacy, to back-up Bosnia and Herzegovina becoming a member of the UN Security Council."
As Libya's term was ending, the new Arab representative would come from the Asian Group. One of the eleven Arab League member states in Asia would therefore succeed to Vietnam's seat in this election. Lebanon announced its intention to obtain this seat.
Brazil sought to replace Costa Rica.
Elected members.
The five elected members after the 2009 elections were:
Results.
All the candidates ran unopposed, so the election was expected to be a non-event. Nigeria got 186 votes, Gabon 184, Bosnia 183, Brazil 182 and Lebanon 180.
Official results were:

</doc>
<doc id="19819056" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19819056" title="CCAPS">
CCAPS

CCAPS, or "Carefully Controlled Alternative PHP Syntax", is a web template system alternative to template engines such as Smarty and CakePHP. CCAPS, pronounced "Cee-Caps", is what PHP web developers can use to separate XHTML source from programming logic, yet glue the two together nicely. 
Many developers prefer it to engines such as Smarty because:
PHP already has an Alternative PHP Syntax, but what CCAPS does is to reduce the odds of spaghetti code.
For guidelines on how to work with CCAPS, view its full how-to article in Wikibooks.

</doc>
<doc id="19819073" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19819073" title="Elfster">
Elfster

Elfster is a social networking website for wishlists and gift-giving, and a free online organizer for "secret Santa" style gift exchanges. The website’s features include a universal wishlist, an anonymous Q&A section, personalized gift recommendations, activity updates, and forum discussions. The company is headquartered in Delaware, United States. 
History.
Elfster was founded by software engineer Peter Imburg in 2004 after hearing about the difficulty his wife and sister had when trying to organize a Secret Santa for their family.
In November 2011, the website reached 2 million members. In Christmas of the same year, the Elfster Facebook App was launched for mobile device users. The app also serves as an extension of Elfster.com’s service.
Services.
Elfster can be used to create wishlists and organize online gift exchanges. Users can find friends in Elfster, and follow their wishlists. Items can be added from any site online, and with the Elfster mobile app, bar code scanning allows items to be added on the go. When organizing an online gift exchange, Elfster draws names randomly and allows users to ask their draw partner questions anonymously - maintaining secrecy in a "high-tech way".
Elfster provides a series of tools for organizing secret gift exchanges such as automated event-organization, name pairing, draw restrictions, gift guidance, wishlists, and anonymous questions and answers.
Elfster helps with the logistics of determining who wants to participate, drawing names, and communicating the names that were drawn, while identities remain secret
In December 2009, Elfster collaborated with Claire's to create Secret Santa Circle, a temporary Secret Santa website for the jewelry retailer.
In November 2010, new features were added including trending gifts, activity updates and the ability to suggest and share gift ideas.
See also.
Secret Santa

</doc>
<doc id="19819080" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19819080" title="Extended Play Live (Mudcrutch EP)">
Extended Play Live (Mudcrutch EP)

Extended Play Live is a live EP released by Mudcrutch in November 2008 on Reprise Records. It was recorded during the band's 2008 tour to promote their first album "Mudcrutch". The EP was released on CD and vinyl.
Track listing.
All songs were written by Tom Petty, except where noted.

</doc>
<doc id="19819088" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19819088" title="Arnfinn Bårdsen">
Arnfinn Bårdsen

Arnfinn Bårdsen (born 11 July 1966) is a Norwegian judge.
He was born in Stavanger, graduated as cand.jur. from the University of Bergen in 1992 and took the dr.juris degree in 1999. He worked as an associate professor at the University of Bergen from 1992 to 2003, except for the period 1994 to 1995 when he was an acting deputy judge in Jæren. From 2003 to 2008 he was a presiding judge in Gulating. He is a Supreme Court Justice from 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19819091" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19819091" title="Kendrit Shiri Sanatan Dharam Shiv Temple">
Kendrit Shiri Sanatan Dharam Shiv Temple

The Kendrit Shiri Sanatan Dharam Shiv Temple was a Hindu temple in Nadi, Fiji. Built by indentured Indian labourers in 1905, it was one of the oldest Hindu temples in Fiji, until it was destroyed by fire on 16 October 2008. Police confirmed that they were treating the temple's destruction as an arson attack. It was the fourth Hindu temple destroyed by arson within two weeks in Fiji. The "Fiji Times" published an editorial condemning the destruction of a local "landmark" by "thugs" and calling upon "the leaders of Christian churches make an immediate and unequivocal call on their members to desist from the temple burning which continue to plague our nation".

</doc>
<doc id="19819105" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19819105" title="Tian Xu (Tang Dynasty)">
Tian Xu (Tang Dynasty)

Tian Xu (田緒) (764 – May 20, 796), formally the Prince of Yanmen (雁門王), was a general of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty who ruled Weibo Circuit (魏博, headquartered in modern Handan, Hebei) semi-independently from the imperial government.
Background.
Tian Xu was born in 764, during the reign of Emperor Daizong. At that time, his father Tian Chengsi was serving as the military governor ("Jiedushi") of Weibo Circuit and ruling it semi-independently from the imperial government. He was Tian Chengsi's sixth son, out of 11. As Tian Chengsi found his nephew (Tian Xu's cousin) Tian Yue to be more capable than his own sons, he had Tian Yue serve as his deputy and intended heir, having his sons assist Tian Yue. After Tian Chengsi died in 779, Tian Yue succeeded him as the military governor of Weibo Circuit with permission from Emperor Daizong, and Tian Xu thereafter served under Tian Yue.
Service under Tian Yue.
Because Tian Yue was thankful to Tian Chengsi for raising him and passing the circuit to him, he treated Tian Xu and his brothers with kindness. He put Tian Xu in charge of the headquarter guards. It was said that Tian Xu was violent and often committed crimes, but Tian Yue did not have the heart to give him heavy punishment, although on one occasion he whipped Tian Xu and briefly detained him, drawing resentment from Tian Xu. Tian Xu also resented Tian Yue because Tian Yue, frugal by nature, restricted his family members' monetary expenditures, such that Tian Xu felt that the expenditures were insufficient for him.
In 781, Tian Yue, along with several other military governors, rose in rebellion against Emperor Daizong's son and successor Emperor Dezong, but by 784, Emperor Dezong, who was then in desperate straits due to the rebellion at the capital Chang'an by Zhu Ci, issued a general pardon. Tian Yue accepted the general pardon, along with his allies Wang Wujun and Li Na, and they turned against another ally, Zhu Tao (Zhu Ci's brother), who had not accepted the pardon. After Tian Yue's submission, Emperor Dezong sent the imperial official Kong Chaofu (孔巢父) to Weibo to meet with Tian Yue, to thank him for his allegiance and to encourage the troops. Meanwhile, though, on one night in spring 784, while Kong was still at Weibo, Tian Xu was complaining to his brothers and nephews about Tian Yue, while he was drunk. When the nephew tried to stop his complaints, he killed his nephew. After he became sober, he realized what he had done, and worried that Tian Yue would kill him when he found out. He therefore took his followers, went to Tian Yue's headquarters, and killed Tian Yue, Tian Yue's mother, wife, and children. He then, issuing orders in Tian Yue's name, summoned Tian Yue's staff members Hu E (扈崿), Xu Shize (許士則), and Jiang Ji (蔣濟). When they arrived, Tian Xu killed them as well. However, Tian Xu then panicked and fled out of Weibo's capital prefecture Wei Prefecture (魏州). The senior officers Xing Caojun (邢曹俊) and Meng Xiyou (孟希祐), however, chased him down and offered the military governorship to him, as Tian Xu's remaining older brother, Tian Guan (田綸), was also killed in the disturbance. Tian Xu then declared that it was another officer, Liu Zhongxin (劉忠信), who had assassinated Tian Yue, and took over control of the circuit. Kong then commissioned him as the acting military governor. (The soldiers found out a few days later that it was actually Tian Xu who carried out the assassination, but by that point Tian Xu was firmly in control.)
As acting "Jiedushi" and then "Jiedushi".
Zhu Tao, who was then attacking Weibo, was pleased to hear of Tian Yue's death and remarked that heaven was punishing Tian Yue through Tian Xu for his betrayal. He sent messengers to Tian Xu, offering an alliance; initially, Tian Xu agreed. However, after Tian Xu had more control of the situation in Weibo, both Li Baozhen and Wang Wujun sent messengers reaffirming that they were going to continue to uphold the alliance Tian Yue entered with them. His staff members Zeng Mu (曾穆) and Lu Nanshi (盧南史) persuaded him to remain faithful to the imperial camp, pointing out that the army of Zhu's Lulong Circuit (盧龍, headquartered in modern Beijing) had already laid waste to Weibo to the people's detriment. Tian Xu agreed with them and sent messengers to Emperor Dezong, pledging his loyalty. Emperor Dezong commissioned him as the military governor of Weibo. Soon thereafter, Li Baozhen and Wang defeated Zhu, forcing him to retreat back to Lulong.
In 785, Emperor Dezong gave his sister Princess Jiacheng in marriage to Tian Xu. She did not bear him any sons, but his concubines bore him three sons — Tian Jihe (田季和), Tian Jizhi (田季智), and Tian Ji'an. Although Tian Ji'an was the youngest, Princess Jiacheng adopted him as her child, and therefore, eventually, he became designated as Tian Xu's heir.
Meanwhile, Tian Xu was said to be cruel and extravagant as military governor, as he was wasteful and spent much time in drinking and sexual relations — activities that, while Tian Yue was alive, Tian Yue had curbed him from. In 790, there were rumors that Li Na, who governed Pinglu Circuit (平盧, headquartered in modern Tai'an, Shandong), whom Tian Xu's older brother Tian Chao (田朝) served under as prefect of Qi Prefecture (齊州, in modern Ji'nan, Shandong), was planning to escort Tian Chao back to Weibo to vie for control of Weibo Circuit. Tian Xu feared this, and, under suggestion by his staff member Sun Guangzuo (孫光佐), he sent gifts to Li Na to please him and persuade him to send Tian Chao to Chang'an — and further suggested Li Na to accept the surrender of the prefect of Di Prefecture (棣州, in modern Binzhou, Shandong), Zhao Gao (趙鎬), who had previously submitted to Wang's Chengde Circuit (成德, headquartered in modern Shijiazhuang, Hebei) but who later refused to follow Wang's orders. Li Na therefore accepted Zhao's surrender and took Di Prefecture, despite Wang's attacks. Tian further cemented the relationship with Li Na by sending Sun to Pinglu's headquarters at Yun Prefecture (鄆州), announcing an imperial edict (which Tian Xu had forged) declaring Di Prefecture to be part of Pinglu Circuit. In anger, Wang sent his son Wang Shiqing (王士清) to attack Weibo's Bei Prefecture (貝州, in modern Xingtai, Hebei), occupying four counties of Bei Prefecture. In winter 790, Emperor Dezong, wanting to put an end to the campaigns between these circuits, ordered Li Na to return Di Prefecture to Chengde; Li Na demanded that Wang return the four counties of Bei Prefecture to Weibo first. Wang did so, and subsequently, Li Na returned Di Prefecture to Chengde.
In 794, after Li Baozhen's death, his Zhaoyi Circuit (昭義, headquartered in modern Changzhi, Shanxi) fell into internal warfare between Emperor Dezong's appointed successor for Li Baozhen, Wang Qianxiu (王虔休), and Yuan Yi (元誼), the prefect of Ming Prefecture (洺州, in modern Handan). The battles waged on for more than a year, but by spring 796, Yuan had run out of strength, and he took 5,000 soldiers, as well as their families, and fled to Wei Prefecture. Emperor Dezong did not request Tian to give Yuan up, and instead ordered Tian to accept them, thus allowing Tian to take over those troops. Soon thereafter, as part of Emperor Dezong's bestowing of various honors on many military governors, he bestowed the honorary chancellor designation of "Tong Zhongshu Menxia Pingzhangshi" (同中書門下平章事) on Tian.
In summer 796, Tian Xu died suddenly. Initially, his staff members kept the death secret, and they supported Tian Ji'an, then age 14, to succeed him. Five days later, they publicly announced Tian Xu's death, and Tian Ji'an claimed the title of acting military governor, an act that Emperor Dezong later approved.

</doc>
<doc id="19819109" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19819109" title="Karen Boback">
Karen Boback

Karen Boback is a Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 117th legislative district and was first elected in 2006.
Boback earned a bachelor's degree in Elementary/Special Education and a master's degree in Education/Certification-Technology from College Misericordia, a master's degree from Elementary School Guidance Counseling Marywood University, a Ph.D. in Organizational Leadership from University of Pennsylvania, and a Supervisory Certificate/School Guidance Counseling from University of Scranton. Prior to elective office she worked as a teacher, guidance counselor and college professor. She was presented with the Excellence in Education Award by College Misericordia in November 2006 and was named Harveys Lake Citizen of the Year in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="19819110" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19819110" title="Terror (1977 film)">
Terror (1977 film)

Terror is a 1977 Danish crime film directed by Gert Fredholm and starring Bo Løvetand.

</doc>
<doc id="19819128" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19819128" title="Shkëlzen">
Shkëlzen

Shkëlzen (Maja e Shkëlzenit) is a mountain in Albania with a height of . It is rocky and located near the border with Kosovo, north of Tropojë. It belongs to the Prokletije. Shkëlzen shares its name with a village that is just south of the mountain. 
Notes and references.
Notes:
References:

</doc>
<doc id="19819132" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19819132" title="Moscow 1925 chess tournament">
Moscow 1925 chess tournament

This international super-tournament, organised by Nikolai Krylenko, was held in Moscow, the Soviet Union, from 10 November to 8 December 1925. It was the world's first state-sponsored chess tournament. There were eleven foreign stars and ten Soviet masters. World champion José Raúl Capablanca and his predecessor Emanuel Lasker were lured to Moscow by gold. A race between them, as in the New York 1924 chess tournament, was expected before the tournament, but Efim Bogoljubow won a sensational victory. Lasker finished 1½ points behind Bogoljubow and just ahead of Capablanca.
The event aroused great interest among the Soviet citizens. Hundreds of spectators followed the games in Hotel Metropol and ten of thousands watched demonstration boards downtown. Bogoljubow's win was regarded as a Soviet victory; however, shortly after this in 1926, like Alexander Alekhine he left the Soviet Union and became a German citizen. Later Bogoljubow and Alekhine were called "renegades" in the USSR.
The film "Chess Fever" used a number of scenes from the tournament, and even featured Capablanca playing himself.
Results.
The results and standings:

</doc>
<doc id="19819154" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19819154" title="Siwanoy Country Club">
Siwanoy Country Club

Siwanoy Country Club is a country club located in Bronxville, New York. The club hosted the first PGA Championship in 1916, which was won by Jim Barnes. 

</doc>
<doc id="19819161" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19819161" title="Kjell Storvik">
Kjell Storvik

Kjell Storvik (born 20 November 1930) is a Norwegian economist and former Governor of the Central Bank of Norway.
He is a cand.oecon. by education. From 1977 to 1981 he was the vice president of the Norwegian Shipowners' Association. He was then State Secretary in the Ministry of Finance for four years. He was appointed Vice Governor of the Central Bank of Norway. When Governor Torstein Moland was forced to resign, Storvik became acting Governor, only to get the job on a permanent basis the next year.

</doc>
<doc id="19819163" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19819163" title="Italia's Next Top Model (cycle 2)">
Italia's Next Top Model (cycle 2)

"Italia's Next Top Model, Cycle 2" is the second season of the Italian reality television show based on the American program of the same name. It is broadcast on SkyVivo, a channel of the Italian subscription television Sky TV. It began airing in September 2008 and is currently airing.
The host is once again the Russian former model and actress Natasha Stefanenko. Other permanent judges are Micheal Giannini, art director and talent scout of model agency d’Management, former top model, Gianni Versace's and Giorgio Armani's muse Nadège du Bospertus and fashion journalist Giusi Ferrè. Recurring judges are photographer Ciro Zizzo and photographer Settimio Benedusi.
Michela Maggioni ended up being the winner of this cycle thus receiving a one-year-contract with d’Management Group as well as a Max Factor campaign worth €150,000.
Episode summaries.
Episode 1.
"First aired September 23, 2008
After months of castings throughout Italy, the 30 pre-selected semi-finalists arrive in Milan. They are welcomed by Natasha Stefanenko, the host, and Michael Giannini, art director of d'Management, in a modern luxury hotel where the final castings will take place.
Soon the girls start their individual evaluations in front of the judging panel made up of Natasha, Michael, former top model Nadège, model scouts Danilo Di Pasquale and Anna Peggion. Interesting and determined contestants show up at panel, such as Claudia B., coming from a small village in Sardinia, Claudia C., a karate expert, Diletta, the soccer player, Beatrice, with an ethereal modelesque look, Claudia M., with a wonderful body and a bubbly personality, Giorgia, who shows great self-confidence despite her body flaws and Amy, the Ivorian woman with a hard past reflected in her eyes. Unfortunately, only 20 will continue to the final choice, and the girls are asked to show their walks and potential.
Later on, Natasha reveals the 20 aspiring contetants that have passed the selection and some tears are shed by the eliminated ones. But there is no time for rest for the others, since they must face a photoshoot to show their facial intensity to the judging panel.
After the judges' deliberation Natasha welcomes the girls at the final cast selection. Once chosen, the selected contestants show happiness and joy, but, while leaving the hotel, some of the rejected girls express rude remarks about some picked ones or by saying the judges will regret not casting them.
Episode 2.
"First aired September 30, 2008
The 14 finalists are sent to the exclusive sea resort of Santa Margherita Ligure to be immediately tested by facing their first photoshoot with famous photographer Settimio Benedusi who also worked for Sports Illustrated. The contestants must pose on rocks with aggressive but modelesque attitude in front of the Ligurian sea while wearing bikinis. Some need to be coached, others perform naturally.
Later the excited girls enter their Milan home, but Natasha's letter inform them they will be judged the following day.
At their first judging Amy and Michela are highly praised for their effortless performance, Beatrice is noted for her high fashion features, whereas Claudia B. disappoints the judges with her unacceptable shot and Noemi produces a vulgar photo. Giorgia and Giulia are told to work on their bodies.
Noemi and Claudia B. land in the bottom two for being uncomfortable at the photoshoot and Claudia B. is sent home for losing her determination in front of the camera and having a bad body posture.
Episode 3.
"First aired October 7, 2008
In this episode, the girls are announced to get ready for their makeovers, so they reach the Charme&Cheveux salon to find out what they will be. Beatrice sheds a few tears when told to be dyed from blonde to red but she is surprisingly satisfied with the outcome. Michela and Martina get more radical changes as their hair is chopped off but appreciate the result. Almost all the girls are pleasantly happy with the changes with the exception of Claudia C. who does not allow the hairstylist to cut a fringe since for her that haircut is not easy to manage.
The next day the contestants are taken to their first runway challenge where they must walk wearing Love Moschino outfits showing a happy mood. Noemi redeems herself with an effortless performance, Giada demonstrates a huge improvement from her first walk, Martina does not impress, Beatrice is liked by Rossella Jardini, the creative head of Moschino, and Claudia M. has troubles with her shoes too small for her size.
In the judging room, Nadege is appalled and disappointed with most of the girls, Giorgia is critiqued for walking with a sad mood, Claudia M. is warned to have done a step backwards by being too maneater when walking and judge Nadège comments about her excuses, she also says Giulia's performance had horrified her. The judges ask Diletta for more of her presence and deeply scold Claudia C. for her poor performance and bad attitude at the makeovers. Mary is found again to be walking like a soldier despite an entire week of training in runway walking.
Finally Claudia C. and Mary are placed in the bottom two for their dreadful performances but Mary is sent home as her look is considered too commercial and her walk is deemed the worst.
Episode 4.
"First aired October 14, 2008
The twelve remaining girls experience the first problems of cohabitation as Martina argues with Michela over cereals while Diletta is annoyed by Michela's lack of interest in other people's needs. A group made up of Giorgia, Elena, Diletta, Noemi and Martina does not seem to get along well with Michela's personality. Natasha is deeply disappointed with this childish attitude and reminds the girls they are there to compete and show an adult behavior.
This week the contestants take part in their first reward challenge. Judge Giusi Ferrè, fashion journalist, gives them a brief lesson on the history of fashion in the 20th century and asks the girls to recreate a vintage look using vintage dresses and clothes from Franco Jacassi's collection. Amy is declared the winner for her elegant look and is awarded with an Emilio Pucci vintage dress.
Then the girls are announced their third elimination challenge. They will pose in two groups for a photoshoot that will be their first printed advertisement where they will be wearing only a pair of Indian Rose jeans and nothing else. Some of them, such as Giorgia and Claudia C., work very well in group while others, like Diletta, need to be coached more.
At panel Nadege is still not convinced by many girls' performances and states that Beatrice is not the kind of model for jeans. Amy is praised for her never boring look, Noemi is found again uncomfortable in front of the camera and Diletta, although showing improvement in the facial expression, is deemed a broken doll about her body position and reprimanded for not listening to the photographer. Giulia is complimented for her eyes' intensity and for working with her body. Elena is found too plain and Martina's face is noticed for her look, despite Nadege's disapproval.
Diletta and Noemi find themselves in the bottom two and Noemi is sent packing for her mature look and inability in the photoshoots that placed her at the bottom of the pack twice in three weeks.
Episode 5.
"First aired October 21, 2008
After being told to get ready for this week's reward challenge, the eleven remaining girls meet Rajan Tolomei, make-up artist of Max Factor. He teaches the girls a basic lesson on how to create a natural and fresh make-up useful for castings. Then the contestants are asked to recreate the make-up of a Japanese geisha on their faces using photos of geishas. Giorgia, Giulia and Elena do extremely well but is Giorgia who wins the challenge and she shares the prize with Elena. The reward is a phone call to a loved person.
This week the girls will be evaluated on a runway challenge where the contestants must walk wearing the elegant lingerie designed by Madame Chantal Thomass. The designer herself prepares and coaches the girls for the runway where they will interpret the sexy and sophisticated lingerie without being vulgar. At the end Chantal Thomass is quite satisfied with some girls' walks and interpretation.
In the judging session Claudia M., Elena and Giada shine because of their improvements on the runway, Giulia is highly praised for being self-confident despite her curvy thighs. Diletta is found bored and scared while walking but Michael and Nadege defend her for delivering a good walk wearing open shoes with pantyhose that can get slippery. Michela is reprimanded for showing lack of confidence by making grimaces at the end of the runway, Amy is scolded for losing composure and producing an unacceptable performance and so is Claudia C. for her lack of expression.
Claudia C. and Amy land in the bottom two because of their second lackluster performance on the runway and Claudia C. is sent home for always having only an aggressive mood on the runway despite her high fashion look.
Episode 6.
"First aired October 28, 2008
This week the ten aspiring models get a visit from Stefano Fadda, a coolhunter. He explains that, for this week's reward challenge, they must improvise themselves as photographers to do coolhunting in the centre of Milan, taking pictures of people who may anticipate certain fashion trends. Martina is exempt from the challenge, having injured her foot by slipping on the staircase when walking with wet feet. So the nine girls are split into groups of three and sent downtown to take snapshots. Diletta, Elena and Giorgia are declared winners and can spend an evening out in one of Milan's coolest lounge bars.
For this week's elimination the girls participate in a beauty photo shoot with Ciro Zizzo, and they must pose without make-up to show their true potential. Beatrice, Martina and Michela shine according to the photographer, while Diletta, Elena, Giorgia and Giulia struggle and need to be coached.
In the judging room the contestants' photos are shown with and without digital retouching to determine who has a fresh face and who has not. Claudia M. cries when critiqued, Giulia disappoints the panel because of a banal shot and so does Diletta for resting on pretty, Elena is deemed too normal by the photographer. Martina and Amy are praised for their photos and Giorgia surprises the judges with the best shot despite her struggle with the camera.
Diletta and Giulia are paired in the bottom two for not translating their beauty into their pictures and for the amount of coaching needed. Although declared one of the most beautiful girls, Diletta is eliminated for not progressing in the competition because of her weakness and for requiring too much retouching on her photo.
Episode 7.
"First aired November 4, 2008
The nine remaining girls face their fourth reward challenge when Susanna Ausoni, stylist and look maker, pays them a visit to teach the contestant how to accessorize a dress properly. Then the aspiring models wear a simple black sheath and are put through a test to evaluate who has learnt the most by accessorizing this simple dress. After single critiques are given, Claudia M. is declared winner of the challenge and is awarded with a shopping trip to a shoe store where she picks a pair of Les Tropeziénnes shoes.
The competition gets tougher and tougher for the contestants as they leave Milan for Genoa, where they will take part in this week's complicated editorial photo shoot. The girls arrive at the monumental cemetery of Staglieno and meet Nicola Majocchi who will be their photographer for this unusual photo shoot. The contestants must impersonate women in mourning while wearing high fashion dresses with a monumental and macabre grave in the background. Elena, Giorgia and Michela show great interpretive skills, but for Amy, Beatrice, and Claudia M. the task seems to be much harder.
Back in Milan, at panel, the judges scold Amy for the sleepy look on her photo and Martina receives warnings to be more present when doing the photoshoots. Judge Nadege is deeply disappointed with Giulia's weight gain and strongly reprimands her for not taking care of her body thus showing a deplorable lack of involvement in the competition. Elena, Giada, Giorgia and Michela shine in their photos according to the panel, while Claudia's performance proves that the photo shoot was too much of an obstacle for her.
Martina and Claudia M. land in the bottom two for their disappointing performances both on set and on picture. After Martina is warned to overcome her limits quickly to be noticed by the panel, Claudia M. is sent home for not impressing the judges enough with her poor results on set and for her lack of expression in the last photo shoots.
Episode 8.
"First aired November 11, 2008
For this week's reward challenge the eight remaining girls face a photo shoot where they must pose in motion while playing tennis. After the contestants get coached in the basic movements, their photographer Ciro Zizzo asks them to express elegance and flexibility even under physical effort. The winner of the challenge is Michela who can get a visit from her mother.
For their weekly elimination challenge the aspiring models are taken at the beautiful neoclassical scenery of Villa Olmo in Como, there they will take part in their first public runway show that evening. They must walk on a runway submerged by ten centimeters of water. The task consists of walking and showing the gowns by being natural despite the difficulty of walking on water. All the girls are scared for this twist but some of them manage to deliver good walks.
In the judging room Giorgia is praised for being more natural compared to her first weeks, Martina is noticed for her improvements, Beatrice gets unanimous praise for her pleasant performance. Michael is extremely disappointed in Elena's failure on this runway and Natasha reprimands her by stating that excuses will not get her anywhere. Nadege scolds Giulia for her heavy walk and for not having the spirit of sacrifice required in a model since she has gained weight the previous weeks, but Michael defends her performance. Then Nadège tells Michela that her performance was overdone. Giada is told to show more confidence as her walk did not impress the panel as the previous ones.
In the end Elena and Giulia land in the bottom two and Giulia gets eliminated for her weight gain that hampered her performance and for lacking the determination and abnegation she declared to have.
Episode 9.
"First aired November 18, 2008
Previously, during this week, the seven remaining contestants received second makeovers to refresh their looks and, despite some initial preoccupation, all were satisfied with the final outcomes.
The girls are announced that for their weekly reward challenge they will be treated like stars. Soon after they are taken to a television studios centre where they meet Cristina Parodi, journalist and fashion expert, who explains that they will be prepared with elegant dresses and make-up to face a fake red carpet event, where they will be evaluated on their presence. The girls must impersonate actresses at their movie premiere and, after posing for the photographers, they are briefly interviewed by Cristina. For handling the questions with a natural attitude Elena is chosen as the winner and decides to share the reward with Giorgia. They will be spending time with Cristina in a luxury Japanese restaurant.
Then the aspiring models are told to get ready for their elimination challenge. The girls will act as sexy women in a TV commercial with the model and actor Sergio Muniz, who is very popular in Italy. They are excited to work with a man and must interpret different types of young women trying to seduce him as follows:
The contestants are asked to pose with sensuality as tempting ladies behind an opening door while the male model walks through a corridor to reach the only woman of his life, his mother, since the commercial celebrates Mother's Day. Some of the girls shine, others, such as Amy and Martina, are found too stiff.
In the judging room all the judges are wowed by Giorgia's constant improvements, Giada impresses the panel with her seductive performance although judge Giusi Ferrè finds her a bit ordinary. Michela get praises for adapting to her role. Amy totally disappoints the judges with her sleepy eyes and mechanical movements and Martina is strongly scolded for not being sexy as required.
Amy and Martina are paired in the bottom two for their luckluster performances on set and Amy is sent packing for not being consistent in her improvements and for losing the determination Martina is considered to keep.
Episode 10.
"First aired November 25, 2008
The six aspiring models receive a visit from Barbara Ronchi Della Rocca, one of the major experts of etiquette, who will teach them how to behave appropriately when attending a social event that may occur in the public life of a model. For this reward challenge the girls are taught the bases of bon-ton when at the table and soon after they wear elegant dresses to attend a mock aristocratic dinner to show what they have learned. After some laughs are shared for some difficult situations, Martina is declared the winner for quickly learning and showing good manners. She decides to share the prize with Beatrice who was eager of a win. The two girls can telephone to their families and tears are shed during their calls after spending two months with no contacts.
For this week's elimination challenge the contestants are brought to Frankie Morello's atelier where they meet Maurizio Modica and Pierfrancesco Gigliotti, founders and designers of this fashion house. The girls will show their runway skills wearing eccentric complex outfits. After being coached by the stylists about their dresses they get prepared for the task. Many of the aspiring models are confident and after the performance each one is satisfied.
In the judging room this week the judges have contrasting opinions. Martina is praised for her confident walk but is told to avoid her stiff facial expressions, Elena is complimented for delivering a good walk while wearing the most difficult outfit, although she still has to learn how to use her face. Michela is highly praised for her improvements, but Natasha scolds her for wasting the pose at the end of the runway and Nadege says she was lucky with a dress fitting her happy personality, however Michael notices her impressive pose and glance before her exit. Giorgia is reprimanded for looking bored and forgettable when walking and so is Giada for delivering a stiff performance with a bad pose. Beatrice's walk and mood are praised by Michael and the designers but not appreciated by judges Nadège and Giusy since they find it always the same.
After deliberation Giada and Giorgia are placed in the bottom two for their lack of improvement on runway and, although the judges recognise Giada's potential they decide to eliminate her for not overcoming her fears and letting them hamper her walk and presence on the runway.
Episode 11.
"First aired December 2, 2008
The five remaining contestants get letters from their parents and some tears are shed after two months without contacts with their families. The next day the girls are announced that, for their weekly reward challenge, they will take part in a casting for Mariella Burani, noted Italian fashion designer. Casting director Francesca Mezzali evaluates the girls: Giorgia has too big hips for her standards, Elena must walk with more determination, Beatrice is noticed for her good walk and right look, Michela fails to impress because of her playful attitude and gets reprimanded for not taking the casting seriously and Martina is deemed too shy by the way she walks and presents herself. Some of them are ordered to be faster when getting dressed. Beatrice wins the challenge and can spend the entire afternoon out shopping, in addition she wins an expensive Mariella Burani's purse.
This week's photoshoot will take place in Galleria Vittorio Emanuele II, located in the very centre of Milan. There the contestants will be photographed by the renowned photographer Settimio Benedusi while suspended in the air, floating with peacock-inspired long dresses. After a demonstration from Natasha they get coached about the movements. Each aspiring model is asked to express dynamism and lightness at the same time. Elena shines after overcoming her fear of heights while Michela loses her focus.
At panel Beatrice is critiqued for her legs' and arms' stiffness and is reprimanded for not giving enough, despite producing an overall acceptable photo. Martina is praised by the photographer for taking directions well and expressing the requested emotion although Nadège does not like the result. Giorgia is deemed too heavy in her shot for not being able to balance her body thus looking lifeless to the judges. Elena is highly praised for working with her body and assuming a positive attitude on set, taking directions and giving various poses to the photographer like a professional model. With her performance Michela upsets Natasha, Michael and Nadege who heavily scold her for being unprofessional on set, playing rather than focusing, thus making a step backwards.
Michela and Giorgia land in the bottom two and Michela is saved for effortless producing a good shot but is warned to grow up. Giorgia is eliminated for reaching her limit in the competition despite her previous constant improvements.
Episode 12.
"First aired December 9, 2008
The four remaining contestants leave Milan for Capri, one of Italy's most fashionable islands and a sea resort noted for inspiring such designers as Coco Chanel. After visiting the town and discovering the local fashion the girls face their last reward challenge: they will pose in pairs as mannequins in the windows of the local Valentino boutique, wearing the designer's elegant dresses. For totally embodying the spirit of a living mannequin Beatrice is declared the winner and can get a pair of Sandali Capresi, the typical shoes of Capri.
Later the girls take part in this week's photo shoot: they pose as sensual and sophisticated ladies on their yacht with Capri's reefs in the background. The task requires them to balance their bodies on wedge-heeled shoes while standing and showing their '80s-inspired outfits. All the girls manage to focus and deliver a good performance.
Back in Milan, in the judging room, Elena gets universal praises for her body pose, facial expression and effort to make the most of her outfit, although Nadege reminds her she lucked into her pose. Beatrice is praised by Michael and Nadege for her photo and her modern icy beauty, while the photographer Settimio Benedusi points out her stiffness during the shooting. Michela is highly appreciated by Natasha and all the panel for her results and professionalism after her unprofessional behavior on the previous set. Martina is noticed for showing more femininity with her intense look and facial expression, although Nadege still finds her body too masculine.
After a difficult deliberation Beatrice and Martina are left in the bottom two and Beatrice is spared for her constant results and high fashion look. Martina is eliminated because, although delivering her best performance, the judges think her determination can not make up for being still less impressive than the other finalists.
Episode 13.
"First aired December 16, 2008
The three finalists face their next to last challenge posing for a Marie Claire-cover inspired photoshoot. All of them perform well showing self-confidence and professionalism. Elena is satisfied with this challenge since for her is a revenge after her bland beauty shot. Beatrice and Michela are determined to stay in the competition.
At judging the girls get universal praises for their results and achievements in the competition. Antonella Antonelli, editor of Italian Marie Claire magazine, tells Michela that her shot could be an actual cover and appreciates her modern face. Elena is noticed for using her beauty to her advantage thus producing a captivating shot and getting praised for not being a useless beauty anymore. Beatrice is praised for her elegance though her important dress on the photo may distract from her face.
Following a difficult deliberation the three contestants are all called in front of Natasha and commended for getting this far. Michela is called first and Elena is saved soon after, so Beatrice brokes into tears after her elimination and is comforted by Natasha before leaving.
Then the two finalists are driven to Verona, at the main atelier of Byblos, an important Italian fashion house. There Elena and Michela will face their last challenge: a runway show with professional models where they are asked to show three different outfits each, walking with self-confidence, elegance and strength. Both the girls do their best and are happy to be in the final runway after overcoming the hostility they had at the beginning of the competition.
In their last judging session Natasha and Michael show their pride for the girls' achievements. Elena is commended for delivering a truly confident walk with a captivating and determined glance and the judges are amazed at her improvements that transformed her from beautiful girl into a model. Although judge Rajan states that her beauty gives her a more commercial appeal she is praised for being able to change in the competition. Then Michela is commended by Nadege for her effortless talent on set and her performance on the final runway, and, although Michael reminds her of a flaw in her second exit, she has convinced the judges of being capable to perform as a professional model.
After a really tough deliberation the two remaining contestants are called back in the judging room and Natasha reveals that Michela is the new Italia's Next Top Model thanks to her natural posing talent and her new improved model attitude and walk.

</doc>
<doc id="19819165" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19819165" title="Washington Convention">
Washington Convention

The Washington Convention may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19819184" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19819184" title="Dečani Mountain">
Dečani Mountain

Dečani Mountain () is a mountain in the west of Kosovo, in the Prokletije range, rising to a height of 2,200m above sea level. It and the village of Dečani located near it share the same name. Dečani Mountain and its neighbour Đeravica can be viewed as far as Radonjićko Lake.

</doc>
<doc id="19819187" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19819187" title="Arrows of Love">
Arrows of Love

Arrows of Love are an alternative rock band from London. Their line-up was finalised in the Summer of 2011, and consists of Nima Teranchi (guitar and vocals), Lyndsey Critchley (guitar and vocals), Nuha Ruby Ra (bass guitar), Mike Frank (drums), and Rufus Miller. (lead guitar).
Background.
Arrows of Love are an alternative band from London.
Recently signed to London Punk label 1-2-3-4 Records, their forthcoming debut album, titled 'Everything's Fucked', was self-recorded almost entirely in singer Teranchi's basement, and has been mastered by legendary producer Bob Weston of the band Shellac.
After their first release, XFM's John Kennedy awarded them the ‘X-posure Hot One’ title, and has since shown consistent support for the band's releases, which saw single 'Conspiracy Podcast' playlisted for four weeks in Dec 2012.
They have completed 3 UK headline tours to date and have also supported The Eighties Matchbox B-Line Disaster, Anna Calvi, British Sea Power, Iron Butterfly and The Dogbones amongst others.
Discography.
Singles

</doc>
<doc id="19819191" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19819191" title="Mind Your Back, Professor">
Mind Your Back, Professor

Mind Your Back, Professor () is a 1977 Danish comedy film directed by Jens Okking and starring Ulf Pilgaard.

</doc>
<doc id="19819199" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19819199" title="(315898) 2008 QD4">
(315898) 2008 QD4

, also written as (315898) 2008 QD4, is a centaur with a perihelion greater than Jupiter and a semi-major axis less than Neptune.
Perihelion.
It will come to perihelion in August 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="19819200" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19819200" title="Center for the Simulation of Advanced Rockets">
Center for the Simulation of Advanced Rockets

The Center for Simulation of Advanced Rockets (CSAR) is an interdisciplinary research group at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, and is part of the United States Department of Energy's Advanced Simulation and Computing Program. CSAR's goal is to accurately predict the performance, reliability, and safety of solid propellant rockets.
CSAR was founded in 1997 as part of the Department of Energy's Advanced Simulation and Computing Program. The goal of this program is to "enable accurate prediction of the performance, reliability, and safety of complex physical systems through computational simulation." CSAR extends this motive into the realm of solid rocket propellants, specifically those used by the Space Shuttle.
CSAR aims to be able to simulate entire rocket systems, under normal and abnormal situations. This involves highly accurate modeling of components and dynamics of fuel flow and other environmental factors. Modeling this requires large computational power, on the order of thousands of processors. Development of the computational infrastructure is critical in achieving their goal.
Areas of research.
There are several fields researched by CSAR. Physical simulations are implemented in CSAR's Rocstar software suite.
Computation environment.
Physical simulations are performed using CSAR's Rocstar suite of numerical solver applications. Rocstar was built by CSAR, and is designed to run efficiently on massively parallel computers. Implementation of Rocstar is done in MPI and is entirely compatible with Adaptive MPI. Rocstar is currently in its third version, Rocstar 3. Documentation on using Rocstar 3 is available through a User's Guide. 
CSAR uses a number of supercomputing resources for their simulations. Along with CSAR, the National Center for Supercomputing Applications is located at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. CSAR takes advantage of the computing environment provided by NCSA for many simulations. The university's department of Computational Science and Engineering has a supercomputing cluster known as Turing, which is also utilized by CSAR.
The computation environment used by CSAR takes advantage of work done by the University of Illinois' Parallel Programming Lab, in particular Charm++ and Adaptive MPI. These parallel programming frameworks allow for application development that scales easily to thousands of processors, which allows for highly complex computations to finish quickly. The Run-time system employed by both Charm++ and AMPI has two primary features that are used by CSAR's software: load-balancing, which helps improve performance by keeping work distributed evenly across all processors, and checkpointing, which allows a lengthy computation to be saved and restarted without having to start over.
Using these highly parallel tools, CSAR's developers have built a number of components which are able to simulate various physical phenomena related to rocket propulsion. Combined together, they provide a complete simulation environment. Below is a list of all the Rocstar modules and links to their respective users guides.

</doc>
<doc id="19819220" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19819220" title="Engineers Country Club">
Engineers Country Club

Engineers Country Club is a country club located in Roslyn Harbor, New York. The club has an 18 hole championship golf course which hosted the PGA Championship in 1919 and the United States Amateur Championship in 1920. The competitions were won by Jim Barnes and Chick Evans, respectively. Herbert Strong was the architect of the original golf course and Devereux Emmet remodeled it in 1921.
The golf course was constructed on the former grounds of the W. R. Willet Manor estate. The property was purchased by the Engineers Country Club in March 1917, which had been formed on January 21, 1917 by the Engineers Club of Manhattan. Engineers plays yards from the black tees, from the blue tees, from the white, from the gold tees and from the red tees. Occasionally the old 14th hole is open for play. This short par three was dubbed the "Two or Twenty Hole" as back in 1919 by Bobby Jones and Gene Sarazen, who both took double figures. 

</doc>
<doc id="19819260" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19819260" title="Bjarne Eriksen (painter)">
Bjarne Eriksen (painter)

Bjarne Eriksen (1882 – 1970) was a Norwegian painter.
He was born in Copenhagen as the brother of Sigurd Eriksen, who was a painter too. He studied under Kristian Zahrtmann in 1904 and 1905, and was also influenced by Henrik Sørensen. He is represented in the National Gallery of Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="19819262" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19819262" title="2008–09 Slovak Cup">
2008–09 Slovak Cup

Slovak Cup 2008–09 was the fortieth season of Slovakia's annual knock-out cup competition and the sixteenth since the independence of Slovakia. It began on 5 August 2008 with Round 1 and ended on 20 May 2009 with the Final. The winners of the competition earned a place in the third qualifying round of the UEFA Europa League. Artmedia Petržalka were the defending champions.
Round 1.
The games were played around 5 August 2008.
Round 2.
The games were played around 16 September 2008.
Round 3.
The games were played around 30 September 2008.
Quarterfinals.
The first legs were played between 21 and 29 October 2008. The second legs were played on 4 November 2008 with the exception of Slovan – Žilina, which was played on 18 March 2009.
Semifinals.
The first legs were played on 22 April 2009. The second legs were played on 5 May 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="19819266" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19819266" title="Giselher">
Giselher

Giselher, Gisilher, Gisiler, or Giseler () is a Germanic masculine given name. It may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19819280" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19819280" title="The Heritage (film)">
The Heritage (film)

The Heritage () is a 1978 Danish drama film directed by Anders Refn and starring Jens Okking.

</doc>
<doc id="19819295" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19819295" title="Roberto Smeraldi">
Roberto Smeraldi

Roberto Smeraldi (born March 31, 1960) is a Brazilian environmental leader, founder and director, since 1989, of Amigos da Terra - Brazilian Amazonia - www.amigosdaterra.org.br, one of the most influential Brazilian NGOs.
As journalist and author, he published essays and books on environment, development, sustainable enterprises, the Amazon, forestry, travel and culinary arts, as well as founded the website http://www.amazonia.org.br. He is also co-founder and vice-president of Atá http://institutoata.org.br, an institute about the relation with food, led by chef Alex Atala . He is author of a landmark definition of sustainability, in a book from 2005: "sustainability is a moving target, something you never reach at its center and of which you might rather learn to foresee the movements".
Life.
Smeraldi was born in Florence, Italy. He is a Brazilian and Italian national. After starting his career as a journalist and war correspondent, he joined the environmental movement in the mid-eighties. He became internationally known when he was elected Chairman of the International NGO Steering Committee for the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development, held in Rio de Janeiro in 1992, with over 100 heads of state. He had co-founded Friends of the Earth in 1989 with other Brazilian environmental leaders such as Fabio Feldmann, the congressman who authored the environmental chapter of the Brazilian Constitution.
Smeraldi regularly writes opinion editorials on mainstream newspapers. In Brazil, he served as a member of the National Commission on Social Determinants of Health (2006 - 2008) and of the Brazilian Forum on Climate Change (since 2000), both appointed by the President of the Republic. In 2013, he was appointed to the Committee for the Implementation of the Forestry Code, an ad hoc federal advisory body. He is also member of the Susteinability Board at Santander and Suzano companies. At international level, he co-chaired the "Climate and Forest Dialogue" and serves on the board of The Forests Dialogue, both hosted by Yale University (2004 - 2010). He was also member of the board of the global Roundtable for Sustainable Biofuels (2007 - 2010. In the past, he represented Friends of the Earth International at UN-ECOSOC in 1989-1999. From 1996 to 2004, he served as member and Chair of the International Advisory Group to the G-7 Pilot Program for Brazilian Rainforests. In 2012-2013, he acted as a member os ISEAL´s steering committee on Credibility Principles of Standards. He acted as senior advisor to various UN agencies, the World Bank and the President of the Republic of Brazil. In 2000, he was awarded with the Henry Ford Prize for Environmental Conservation.
His principal book is "Novo Manual de Negócios Sustentáveis" published in 2009 by Publifolha, about innovation and sustainability strategies in business.
Over the last few years, he was engaged with in raising a high profile campaign by Amigos da Terra, to introduce better sanitary, quality and sustainability standards into Brazil´s cattle chains, in particular beef 
Smeraldi is also a long-time practitioner in cooking labs and workshops, as well as engaged in a movement for promoting biodiversity-related terroirs for culinary purposes, along with other Brazilian and foreign gastronomes. In 2010, he launched, with over 40 of the most reputed world´s chefs, the São Paulo Charter on Gastronomy and Sustainability. He also writes culinary essays and acts as judge in gastronomic awards.
He is father of twin sons, Alessandro Michele and Lorenzo Michele, born on September 23, 2002, and lives in São Paulo with them and their mother, Claudia Romano.

</doc>
<doc id="19819307" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19819307" title="Blacksand">
Blacksand

Blacksand is a British guitar-based electronica duo consisting of Nick Franglen of Lemon Jelly and C.J. Casey of Akasha.
They are noted for the unusual places in which they play their improvised music, which include down a mine, on a submarine and in an abandoned industrial testing facility. They released their first album, "Barn", in May 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="19819326" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19819326" title="Sleep journal">
Sleep journal

Sleep journal may refer to:

</doc>
<doc id="19819333" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19819333" title="Foellinger Auditorium">
Foellinger Auditorium

The Foellinger Auditorium, located at 709 S. Mathews Avenue in Urbana, Illinois on the campus of the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, is a concert hall and the university's largest lecture hall. It is the southernmost building on the main quad. Its size and its dome make it one of the university’s most recognizable buildings. The building was completed in 1907 and was designed by Clarence H. Blackall, a noted theatre designer, in the Beaux-Arts style. The building is essentially a circle with a 120-foot diameter covering 17,000 square feet, with a large vestibule on the north side, and 396 lights in its copper dome.
Originally dedicated to the composer Edward MacDowell, the building was rededicated on April 26, 1985 in honor of Helene Foellinger, whose gift to the university enabled the facility to undergo a major renovation.
History.
The idea for an Auditorium began in 1905 with the university's president, Edmund Janes James, who wanted to build a "noble monument" dedicated to the art of music. He wrote: "I am interested in having this the greatest hall of the kind in the Mississippi Valley". The university's trustees chose noted theatre designer and UI alumnus (Class of 1877) Clarence H. Blackall – who was responsible for the Wilbur and Colonial Theatres in Boston, among many others – and a site was chosen for the new building. Blackall later said about the location:
Out University of Illinois will focus about the Auditorium. This building is located upon the only commanding site of the entire grounds, at the crest of the slight rise towards the south from Green Street, where it will form the center of the growth for many years to come, so that ultimately this structure which now seems in a way too far to the south, will be surrounded on all sides by large and developed schools.
Blackall developed a design which was estimated to cost $200,000 to build. Unfortunately the state legislature only authorized $100,000 which necessitated Blackall making some drastic changes in his design, which originally called for an auditorium that would cover , have a copper dome with a smaller glass oculus, and 2,500 seats, as well as a south wing which would be the home for the School of Music. Blackall reduced the overall size of the building, had the dome constructed out of sheet metal, and eliminated the backstage areas, although he arranged the design in such a way as to allow the future addition of a backstage.
Despite the funding shortages, construction of what was originally called simply "the Auditorium" began and ended in 1907. It was constructed on a granite foundation of brick and Indiana limestone. Despite the deviations from Blackall's original plan, upon the building’s completion and its two day dedication on November 4 and 5, 1907, it was capable of holding 2,500 students, more than the entire student body at the time. The building was originally dedicated to the noted composer Edward MacDowell.
Blackall was not pleased about the changes necessitated by the budget shortfall. He complained to university architect James McLaren White in 1923: "My best wish for that building would be to have it go up in smoke some night, and somebody would have the chance to rebuild it right."
Sound problem.
Several weeks before the dedication of the building was scheduled, Blackall learned that the hall was acoustical imperfect, with what President James called "A fearful echo." Fixing the hall's sound was assigned to the professors of the university's Physics Department, in particular Floyd Rowe Watson, who knew very little about acoustics, but spent six years solving the problem, after which he was a recognized authority of the subject. Remodeling of the interior in 1915 and 1937 were a part of the effort to fix the acoustical problem.
Sculpture.
The Lorado Taft sculpture "Alma Mater", which now stands outside Altgeld Hall, was originally placed outside the south end of the Auditorium, where two fragments of the sculptor's "Fountain of Creation" are now located.
Renovations.
The Auditoirum was renovated in 1915, 1937, 1951 and 1970. The alterations to the interior in 1915 were intended to help the bulding serious acoustical problem. The renovation in 1937 included a major seat replacement project, which reduced the seating capacity from 2,500 to 1,936 seats. The renovation also added dressing rooms and the interior dome ceiling was lowered to help eliminate the echo. Also, some deocarative elements were removed.
In 1951, changes were made to bring the building into compliance with fire codes. These included adding fire doors throughout the building and separating the stairwells from the lobby.
By 1970, many campus planners were suggesting that the now worn-out Auditorium be destroyed. However, thanks to a $3 million gift in 1983 from newspaper publisher Helene Foellinger (Class of 1932) of the Fort Wayne "News-Sentinel", the auditorium was instead renovated again, built and refinished to Blackall’s original design under the supervision of architect Walker Johnson, who utilized Blackall's original plans and drawings, as well as tinted lithographs. Wings and a backstage area were added – a total of 6,000 square feet – a new wooden stage floor was installed, seating was replaced, and the sheet metal dome was replaced with a copper one with a 4.5 foot pineapple and 396 embedded lights. In addition the stage lighting and audio system were improved. A rededication ceremony was held on April 26, 1985, when the name of the bulding was changed to "Foellinger Auditorium".
As part of the removation, the seating capacity was reduced to 1,750. Of these, 915 are on the main floor, and 835 are in the balcony.
Current uses.
Foellinger Auditorium is currently used as a large lecture hall, mainly for the Economics Department. The facility is also used for guest speakers, performances, concerts, and other events. According the Auditorium's manager, around 17,000 students use the facility for class and another 5,000 to 10,000 attend various events each week.
The auditorium has a camera atop it which captures live video of the Main Quad, which can be accessed on the UIUC website.
Directly in front of the building, at the bottom of the stairs, there in a semi-circular forecourt area. Due to the architecture, when standing directly in the center, an echo can be heard by the speaker. This area is known as the "echo spot" to most students on the campus.
Events.
'"Speakers
Performers
References.
Notes

</doc>
<doc id="19819335" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19819335" title="Bjarne Eriksen (businessman)">
Bjarne Eriksen (businessman)

Bjarne Eriksen (1886 – 1976) was a Norwegian businessperson.
He was born in Trondheim. He was hired as a Supreme Court barrister in 1917, but started a career in Norsk Hydro in 1926. He was originally head of the judicial and financial department, but was then promoted to Director-General (CEO) in 1941. He stayed in this position until 1956; after this he was chairman of the board from 1957 to 1960.

</doc>
<doc id="19819336" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19819336" title="Chelsea Cain">
Chelsea Cain

Chelsea Snow Cain was born February 5, 1972 in Iowa City, Iowa, to Mary Cain and Larry Schmidt.
Early life.
Cain spent her early childhood on a hippie commune outside of Iowa City. Her father resisted the Vietnam draft and her parents lived underground for several years. In 1978, she moved with her mother to Bellingham, Washington, where she attended Lowell Elementary School, Fairhaven Middle School and Sehome High School. She spent the school year in Bellingham with her mother and the summers in Florida with her father and stepmother and stepbrother.
Cain left Bellingham after high school to study political science at the University of California at Irvine, where she wrote for the "New University" newspaper and became the opinion editor. After graduating in 1994, she attended the graduate school of journalism at the University of Iowa.
While at Iowa, she wrote a weekly column for "The Daily Iowan". Her master’s thesis at the University of Iowa became "Dharma Girl", a memoir about Cain's early childhood on the hippie commune. One of her professors presented it to several editors for review, and Seal Press picked it up as Cain's first published work. She was 24 years old.
She traveled across the United States on book tour with "Dharma Girl", living for a brief period in Portland, Oregon and then in New York City. After a year stint in New York, she returned to Portland, and edited an anthology for Seal Press titled "Wild Child: Girlhoods in the Counterculture".
Career.
After working as a Creative Director at a PR firm in Portland for several years, Cain began writing humor books in her spare time, including "The Hippie Handbook: How to Tie-Dye a T-Shirt, Flash a Peace Sign, and Other Essential Skills for the Carefree Life" (Chronicle Books, 2004), "Confessions of a Teen Sleuth" (Bloomsbury, 2005), and "Does this Cape Make Me Look Fat? Pop-Psychology for Superheroes" (Chronicle Books, 2006), which Cain co-wrote with her husband. Cain also composed a weekly column for Portland’s alternative newspaper, "The Portland Mercury", and started contributing to Portland’s major daily, "The Oregonian" in 2003 when she left marketing behind to focus on writing full-time. Her last column with "The Oregonian" was posted on December 28, 2008.
She wrote her first thriller "Heartsick" in 2004, while pregnant with her daughter. It was published on September 4, 2007, and was an instant "New York Times" Bestseller. "Sweetheart" and "Evil at Heart", the second and third in the series, respectively, are also "New York Times" bestsellers.
Cain is married to Marc Mohan, a video store owner and film reviewer for "The Oregonian". They have one daughter, Eliza.
Cain and her family currently reside in Portland, Oregon.
Accolades.
She was also nominated for the British ITV3 Crime Thriller Awards, in the Breakthrough Author category, and a featured alternate for Book of the Month Club, Literary Guild, Doubleday Book Club, Mystery Guild, QPB.
Bibliography.
Gretchen Series

</doc>
<doc id="19819350" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19819350" title="The Olsen Gang Long Gone">
The Olsen Gang Long Gone

The Olsen Gang Long Gone () is a 1981 Danish comedy film directed by Erik Balling and starring Ove Sprogøe.

</doc>
<doc id="19819355" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19819355" title="Richard Scrimger">
Richard Scrimger

Richard Scrimger is a Canadian writer who has published fourteen books since 1996. He is best known for his children's literature, but has also written three books for adults: "Crosstown", "Still Life With Children" and "Mystical Rose". A winner of the Mr. Christie Award (for "The Nose From Jupiter") and recipient of dozens of award nominations, Scrimger is a favourite with many children and adults. All of his novels except "The Boy From Earth" and "Still Life With Children" have been short-listed for readers' choice awards. Several of his books have been named to Best-of, or Top-ten, or Notable lists by various libraries and publications, including Young Adult Library Services Association, Chicago Public Library, American Library Association, Time Out New York Kids, The Globe and Mail, Quill & Quire. His books have been translated into Dutch, French, German, Thai, Korean, Portuguese, Slovenian, Italian, and Polish.
Life and work.
Scrimger was born in Montreal, Quebec, Canada in 1957, moving to Toronto, Ontario at the age of 2. He attended Edgewood Public School, Deer Park Public School and North Toronto Collegiate Institute. He describes himself as "a combination class clown and nerd", earning both scholarships and detentions. In 1979 he graduated from the University of Toronto with honours in History and English. After university he worked as a waiter and traveled in Europe. It was there that he started his first novel, which he describes as "a stinker". It was never published.
He returned to Toronto, got married and started a family, working at restaurants in the evenings and looking after his children during the day. In the early 1990s the plight of the homeless people he passed on his way to and from work in downtown Toronto caught his attention. They later became the inspiration for "Crosstown" (1996, Riverbank Press) a book which is by turns tragic and laugh out loud amusing, a combination which Scrimger maintained through most of his works.
While attending a one-week writing program at the Humber College School for Writers, Scrimger wrote a humorous story about a stay-at-home dad going shopping with his kids. That piece and others like it were published in The Globe and Mail, and later turned into the book "Still Life With Children" (1997, HarperCollins). 
Claire McKay, a family friend and well-known children’s writer herself, asked Scrimger to contribute to her humorous collection, "Laughs". “Introducing Norbert” is about an alien who lives in a boy’s nose. The story was later converted into a novel, "The Nose From Jupiter" (1998, Tundra Books). The book was a roaring success, leading to three more Norbert books, "A Nose For Adventure", "Noses Are Red", and "The Boy From Earth", all published by Tundra Books.
"The Way to Schenectady" (1998) is based loosely on childhood motor trips to the east coast. Its sequel, "Of Mice and Nutcrackers" (2001) is based on Scrimger’s own amateur theatrical career. 
"Mystical Rose" (2000), a dementing woman’s prayer and life, has no literal basis in Scrimger’s own past or present – except, as he says, insofar as we are all only one corner away from personal disintegration. 
Tundra Books provided the impetus for Scrimger’s Bun Bun stories, illustrated by Gillian Johnson. These three picture books are very loosely based around his own kids' lives, borrowing in tone from Russell Hoban’s books about Frances the badger. 
Charlie Fairmile, in From Charlie’s Point of View (2005), is blind because Scrimger liked the idea of a blind hero, and because Scrimger is extremely short-sighted himself. "From Charlie’s Point of View" was originally written as a 26 page TV script. It took Scrimger a year to flesh it out into a book.
As a child, Scrimger lived in Scarborough. The creek at the bottom of his back yard became the setting for his 2007 novel, "Into the Ravine". 
His book, "Me & Death: An Afterlife Adventure", appeared in April 2010. Jim, a fourteen-year-old juvenile delinquent is run over by a car. What follows is an adventure in the afterworld.
Richard Scrimger lives in Cobourg, Ontario and teaches at the Humber College School for Writers in Toronto. His children, now teenagers, are both his inspiration and the most important part of his life.

</doc>
<doc id="19819368" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19819368" title="Balkenkreuz">
Balkenkreuz

The straight-armed Balkenkreuz, which is a stylized version of the Iron Cross, was the emblem of the World War II "Wehrmacht" (German Armed Forces) and its branches: "Heer" (Army), "Luftwaffe" (Air Force), and "Kriegsmarine" (Navy).
The Iron Cross used by today's German "Bundeswehr" unified defense forces inherits the four white, or lighter-colored, "flanks" of the older "Balkenkreuz" that do not "cap" the ends of the cross in either case, but with the "flanks" following the flared arms of the earlier German Empire's Iron Cross "(Eisernes Kreuz)" instead from the 1916-March 1918 era.
The "Balkenkreuz" is often incorrectly translated as the "Balkan Cross", but it has nothing whatever to do with the Balkans. More correct translations would be "beam cross", "bar cross" or "balk cross".
It was first adopted in mid-April 1918 by the "Luftstreitkräfte" of World War I Germany, only about a week before the death of Manfred von Richthofen, and used from that time to the end of World War I, and its use resumed, with new standardized dimensions from the beginning of the Third Reich's "Luftwaffe" in 1935, to the end of World War II in Europe, always with the central black "core" cross having a stroke width one-quarter as wide as its length from end to end. The "Luftwaffe" would use two specifications for the "Balkenkreuz", one with narrower white "flanks" on upper wing surfaces - before July 1939, it was used in all six regular positions on an airframe - and one with wider white "flanks" surrounding the same width (25% wide as long from end to end for both versions) central black cross beneath the wings and on the fuselage sides of German military aircraft during the war years.
Late in the war, it was increasingly common for the "Balkenkreuz" national insignia to be painted on without the black-color "core cross", using only the quartet of right-angled "flanks" for its form to reduce its visibility - this could be done in either white or black, and with both the narrow and wide-flank forms of the cross.

</doc>
<doc id="19819382" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19819382" title="Huffin">
Huffin

"Huffin" is an instrumental song written by Karl Jenkins and performed by Soft Machine. It was only released as a live recording, on their album "" (recorded July 1977, released 1978). It is the last section of a suite of seven connecting songs which comprise the first side of the album, and is preceded by a short song titled "Puffin" which serves as an introduction to "Huffin".
The song is notable for its structure, and its function as a grand climax to the suite. The main part of the song is a fast paced riff, a repeating pattern of notes that uses polyrhythms of high complexity. Although the riff fits into the song's 4/4 time signature, it is sufficiently complex that, in order to follow the music, most listeners will need to memorize the riff and perceive the timing by the pattern, ignoring the time signature. It is likely that the musicians had to do the same.
The riff is performed by all members of the group, playing the melody in unison, except for the violin played by Ric Sanders holding one high note. There are no other harmonies or counter-melodies; even the drummer beats out the notes of the melody. This is not too unusual for Soft Machine's music of this time, especially in the compositions of Karl Jenkins, and similar examples can be found throughout the album. Even in the group's earlier days, when it consisted of completely different personnel from the group that performs "Huffin", melody lines were often played by several instruments in unison, and the music sometimes experimented with deliberately unsynchronized unison (several instruments playing the same melody, but out of sync with each other, sometimes wandering several bars apart), as explored on "Hope for Happiness": the first track on their first album, and on "Virtually" from their "Fourth" album. The sound of unison playing was also simulated on several songs from their "Seven" album, by using a harmonizer to make one instrument sound like two, playing in unison. But rarely, if ever, have virtually all instruments limited themselves to playing one melody in unison.
After several repeats of the riff, the music switches into a one-chord 4/4 jam with John Etheridge playing the lead solo on guitar. The music switches between the two sections, but the riff is now reprised by just bass and drums, and Etheridge performs a virtuoso solo on top, which is particularly impressive if it is improvised, as it appears to be.
In the second half of the song, the riff appears again, but the solo is now performed by Ric Sanders on violin. Although Sanders solos against the riff, his playing does not follow the timing of the riff for the most part (although there are a few short instances where it does), and he mostly performs free-form, ad libbing outside of the music's timing.
About a minute from the end, the music suddenly switches to a new riff which also uses complex polyrhythms. The instrumentation is not as stringent as the first riff's, because in some parts, some instruments hold a sustained note while others continue the pattern. Aside from that, all instruments play the melody together, as was done for the first riff, including John Marshall furiously beating out the timing on drums and cymbals, bringing the music to a sustained climax. The song ends on a final note which holds while Sanders plays an ascending flourish on violin.

</doc>
<doc id="19819385" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19819385" title="Andrew Bain (drummer)">
Andrew Bain (drummer)

Andrew Bain was born in Edinburgh, Scotland, and began studying percussion and drumset at the age of twelve. Andrew showed early progress in classical and jazz ensembles including The National Youth Orchestra of Scotland and The National Youth Jazz Orchestra of Scotland. With these, and other ensembles, Andrew performed alongside Evelyn Glennie (1995), made several recordings, toured Europe and performed at the Royal Albert Hall in London for the BBC Proms.
In September 1997 Andrew moved to London to study at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama, enrolling on a classical and jazz percussion Bachelor of Music program. Whilst living in London Andrew studied with percussionists David Corkhill, Mike Skinner and Richard Benjafield, and received jazz tuition from Trevor Tomkins, Martin France, Pete Churchill and Scott Stroman. Whilst at college Andrew performed Gil Evans' Porgy and Bess with Randy Brecker at the Barbican Hall, London; Gil Evans' Sketches of Spain with Dave Liebman, and alongside Billy Cobham. In 2000 Andrew’s own jazz group performed at the Montreux Jazz Festival in Switzerland.
Still active as a classical percussionist, Andrew got to the semi-finals of the BBC Young Musician of the Year 1998, the percussion finals of the Shell/London Symphony Orchestra Percussion Scholarship 2000 and the final of the Yamaha Foundation of Europe Percussion Scholarship 2000. Andrew also performed at the BBC Proms 2000 with the Guildhall School of Music Symphony Orchestra conducted by Sir Colin Davis and toured Portugal with the European Union Wind Ensemble in April 2000.
He has performed in musicals, pit bands, jazz clubs and recording sessions in and around London, including The Vortex Jazz Club and sessions for The London Film and Television School. Andrew was awarded the BBC Big Band Drummer of the Year 2001.
In August 2001 Andrew moved to New York to study for his Master of Music Degree at the Manhattan School of Music with the help of the Scottish International Education Trust (2001, 2002), the Musicians Benevolent Fund (2002) and the Countess of Munster Trust (2002). During his time at the Manhattan School of Music, Andrew performed alongside tenor saxophonist Bob Mintzer with the Manhattan School of Music Concert Jazz Band (April 2002) and studied with drumset player John Riley, saxophonist/author Dave Liebman, composer/arranger Mike Abene and pianist/theorist Garry Dial. Coached by Cecil Bridgewater, Mark Soskin and Dave Lalama, Andrew also participated in masterclasses with Ron Carter, Elvin Jones, Jason Moran, Joey Baron, Greg Osby, Lewis Nash, Steve Nelson, Gary Bartz and Jamey Haddad.
From August 2002 until December 2003, Andrew was a jazz history, jazz drumset, jazz combo and jazz theory teacher for the Manhattan School of Music Precollege Division. Andrew graduated from the Manhattan School of Music in May 2003 with a Master of Music Degree and received the William H. Borden Award for 2003. It was given in the memory of Mr. Borden, who was a trustee of Manhattan School of Music for thirty years, ten of which he served as Chairman of the Board. His greatest affinity was for jazz, and this award is given for outstanding achievement in this discipline.
Since graduation Andrew continues to perform as a performer, educator, composer and bandleader both in the US and the UK. Andrew co-leads the NY-based group Confluence whose eponymous debut showcased original and highly inventive compositions. Their second record will be released on the record label Fresh Sound, New Talent later this year.
Andrew is a faculty member at the Guildhall School of Music and Drama and the Birmingham Conservatoire. H is also a member of the National Youth Jazz Collective with Founder and Executive Artistic Director Issie Barratt and is co-Director of the National Youth Jazz Orchestra of Scotland.

</doc>
<doc id="19819394" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19819394" title="Luigi Guanella">
Luigi Guanella

Luigi Guanella (1842–1915) was a Catholic priest from Northern Italy. He is the founder of several religious institutes: Daughters of St Mary of Providence, 1890, Servants of Charity in Como on March 24, 1908, with his friends David Albertario and Giuseppe Toniolo, and the Pious Union of St Joseph in 1914 with his supporter and first member Pope Pius X. He was sensitive to the needs of the poor and this gave birth to his religious communities who provide for their needs throughout the world. The Servants of Charity motto reads "In Omnibus Charitas" – In all things Love.
Father Guanella was beatified in 1964 by Pope Paul VI and canonized a saint on October 23, 2011 by Pope Benedict XVI. According to Catholic News Service (CNS), the miracle needed for his canonization was the healing of a young adult male, William Glisson (who was 21 at the time of the accident and is now 30 and married), from the United States who had fell over a hole and hit his head while skating backward without a helmet, rollerblading down the Baltimore Pike in Springfield, Pennsylvania. He needed two separate skull surgeries and was in a coma for nine days with a grave prognosis. However, after a doctor who was a family friend (and who worked at a rehabilitation center run by the Opera Don Guanella) gave Glisson's mother two relics of the future saint. According to the Opera's website, Glisson was released from the hospital less than a month after the accident and returned to work just seven months later.

</doc>
<doc id="19819405" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19819405" title="Niels Werring">
Niels Werring

Niels Roth Heyerdahl Werring (1897 – 1990) was a Norwegian ship-owner.
He was born in Kristiansund. He was married to Else Werring (1905–1989), and as she was a daughter of Halfdan Wilhelmsen and granddaughter of Wilhelm Wilhelmsen, Werring became a co-owner in the company Wilh. Wilhelmsen in 1930, and senior director from 1958 to 1973. He was a member of the Steering Committee of the Bilderberg Group.

</doc>
<doc id="19819441" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19819441" title="Slade In Flame">
Slade In Flame

Slade in Flame (also known as Flame) is a 1975 film starring the members of the band Slade. In 2007, BBC film critic Mark Kermode called it the ""Citizen Kane" of rock musicals" and included its soundtrack among the 50 greatest soundtracks in cinema's history.
"Record Mirror" magazine voted the film at No. 4 on the top 10 best films in February 1976.
A paperback book was released, based on the film, written by John Pidgeon.
The film's book peaked at No. 3 in the best selling paperbacks according to the Sunday Times chart around April/May 1975. It was the largest printings that the published Panther had done for home market which was 250,000 copies.
In October 2007, Classic Rock Magazine listed "Slade in Flame" at No. 42 in the "Hollywood Rocks: 50 Greatest Rock Movies" list.
Synopsis.
"Slade in Flame" charts the history of "Flame" a fictitious group in the late 1960s who are picked up by a marketing company and taken to the top, only to break up at their zenith. The film begins with the future members of Flame playing in two rival bands, one with a singer named Jack Daniels (Alan Lake), and the other, The Undertakers, fronted by Stoker (Noddy Holder). Flame are formed from the two bands, with Charlie (Don Powell) joining on drums, making up the same line-up as the real-life Slade. They are picked up by marketing man Robert Seymour (Tom Conti) and with the help of publicity stunts the band's fortunes improve, but their former agent (played by Johnny Shannon) stakes a claim to their earnings, and uses
violence to try to get his way. The band members tire of the music business and the band breaks up.
Tommy Vance plays the pirate radio DJ.
Background and release.
Slade were offered a number of suggestions for a movie screenplay (such as "The Quite A Mess Experiment" a comedy reworking of the Quatermass Experiment, where Dave Hill was the experiment in the title but killed off after 8 minutes) before accepting "Slade in Flame", an interpretation of the music industry.
Slade's soundtrack to the film was made up of Slade songs that had been kicking around but had not yet been recorded or published. The lyrics to many of the songs were re-worked to fit with the movie storyline. The movie's title track "How Does It Feel" was the first song Jim Lea ever wrote.
Many scenes in the film, such as the lead singer of one band being locked in a coffin (which happened in real life to Screaming Lord Sutch) and another being "roughed up" by associates of his former agent who still had a claim on the band were drawn from real events which occurred to groups of that period, but not necessarily Slade themselves. Slade became concerned that fans would consider "Slade in Flame" the true story of Slade so when the band returned to gigging after the release of the movie Noddy Holder would often explain on stage that "We wuz only acting, me and Jim is friends really".
Slade often cite that the amount of time that the making of the film took cost Slade and removed them from the eye of the British public, and could have contributed to their chart decline, and that the gritty “reality" of the movie may have done Slade more harm than good.
Slade in Flame has been released in VHS and DVD form, and was re-mastered and released in its original Cinemascope wide-screen format on DVD for the first time in 2007. The set also featured the album and the film together.
In a 1986 Slade fan club magazine interview with guitarist Dave Hill, Hill was asked about another Slade movie. Hill replied:
In an August 1997 issue of NME magazine, Holder recalled Slade in Flame:
Reception.
The premiere of the movie was held at The Metropole Theatre, Victoria in London on 13 February 1975. The skies that evening were lit up by searchlights and the band arrived on back of a vintage fire engine.
Guests in attendance were Lynsey de Paul, Chas Chandler, Alan Lake and his wife Diana Dors, Lulu, Roy Wood, Sweet, Gary Glitter, Alan Price and his wife, Kiki Dee, Rosko, Troggs and their wives, Jeff Relle, Colin Blunstone, Susan Hanson, Barry Blue, Mud, Bill Oddie, Arrows, Suzi Quatro and Pilot.
Upon release, Sounds magazine wrote:
Disc magazine at the time of release wrote:
Joe Geesin of Get Ready to Rock wrote:
After the film was broadcast on British TV for the first time, on 12 December 1987, many reviews were published in the British press. Daily Mail wrote:
The Sun gave a fair rating and wrote:
Today wrote:
London Evening Standard wrote:
The Guardian wrote:
In August 2012, Fife Today wrote:
In late August 2012, BBC film critic Mark Kermode highlighted the film as the current Kermode Uncut Film Club choice on his film blog within the BBC site, recommending the film. Kermode also created a YouTube video based on the film for the Film Club.

</doc>
<doc id="19819486" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19819486" title="Flossmoor Country Club">
Flossmoor Country Club

Flossmoor Country Club is a country club located in Bloom Township, Cook County, just outside the village limits of Flossmoor, Illinois. Founded in 1899 as Homewood Country Club, its name was later changed to Flossmoor. The club hosted the PGA Championship in 1920, which Jock Hutchison won. 
Bobby Jones held the course record for over sixty years. Jones often played midwest courses during World War II in an attempt to help raise money for the American Red Cross. Jones' feat occurred after making a triple bogey, and then following it up with eight consecutive 3's for a course record of 66. This record held until 1996, when a member, Mark Egge, broke it with a 65.

</doc>
<doc id="19819518" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19819518" title="Utah Film Critics Association">
Utah Film Critics Association

The Utah Film Critics Association is an organization of cinema journalists affiliated with publications, broadcasting stations and online media based in Utah. The organization meets annually in late December to announce their awards, which consists of 10 categories (Best Picture, Director, Actor, Actress, Supporting Actor, Supporting Actress, Screenplay, Documentary Feature, Animated Feature and Non-English Language Feature), and to present their list of the year’s top ten films. 

</doc>
<doc id="19819520" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19819520" title="Nitzan Horowitz">
Nitzan Horowitz

Nitzan Horowitz (; born 24 February 1965) is an Israeli politician and former journalist. He was the Foreign Affairs commentator and head of the International desk at News 10, the news division of Channel 10, before being elected to the Knesset on the Meretz list in 2009. 
In 2013, Horowtiz announced his candidacy in the October 22 Tel Aviv mayoral race against long-time incumbent Ron Huldai. If he wins, Howoritz will become the first openly gay mayor in the Middle East. 
Biography.
Horowitz was born in Rishon LeZion in 1965. He graduated the Tel Aviv University Law School. In his early journalistic career he served as a Military Affairs reporter during the later phase of the 1982 Lebanon war, as well as the International News editor at Israel Army Radio (1983–1987). In 1987 he began working at "Hadashot" - an Israeli newspaper - as the Foreign Affairs editor. In 1989 he started his career at Haaretz, as the Foreign Affairs Editor. He served as "Haaretz" correspondent in Paris (1993–1998), covering also the European Union, and as Haaretz correspondent in Washington D.C. (1998–2001). Back in Israel, Horowitz was the chief foreign affairs columnist for Haaretz.
When "News 10" began broadcasting on January 2002, Horowitz founded its international desk. His work there included creating major documentary films following the Tsunami disaster in Eastern Asia and the failed manhunt after Osama Bin Laden in Afghanistan, and regular appearances on News 10's current affairs show, "London at Kirschenbaum", for which he provided reports and analysis of global news.
In 2008, Horowitz created and directed a documentary series for Channel 10, titled "WORLD: The Next Generation - Nitzan Horowitz in search of tomorrow". The series follows major phenomena and trends that shape the future of our world in the coming decades: the ageing crisis, urban sustainability, immigration, construction and industrial development in China, and the hi-tech revolution in India.
Horowitz served as a board member of ACRI - the Association for Civil Rights in Israel. He was also active in environmental issues and in 2007 he received the "Pratt Prize" for Environmental Journalism.
In December 2008, he resigned from Channel 10 and became a candidate of the Israeli left-wing party, Meretz in the upcoming elections. On December 18, he gained the third slot on the joint list of Hatnua Hahadasha (The New Movement) and Meretz. He said "My goal is to continue to do what I have been talking about over the past years, from protecting the seashore to promoting more sophisticated, nonpolluting public transportation".
Meretz won three seats in the 2009 Israeli elections on February 10, 2009, election, making Horowitz the second openly gay Knesset member in Israeli history. The first, Uzi Even, also was a member of Meretz. On February 16, he announced a plan to bring to the Knesset a bill that would allow marriages or civil unions between two partners regardless of their religion, ethnic background, or gender.
Before being sworn into the Knesset he was told to annul his Polish citizenship, which he was able to attain due to his father's origins and used as a journalist to enter countries Israelis have a hard time entering.
In 2009, he announced that he would boycott all the events in Pope Benedict XVI's visit to Israel, saying that in his opinion, the pope bears a message of "rigidness, religious extremism and imperviousness. Of all the Pope's injustices, the worst is his objection to disseminating contraceptives in Third World countries. It's hard to assess how many miserable men and women in Africa, Asia and South America have contracted AIDS because of this Philistine attitude, but we are talking about many". He also published a two-part opinion piece on Ynetnews explaining his position.
On June 6, 2009, Horowitz addressed a crowd of 1,000 demonstrators in Tel Aviv marking 42 years of the occupation of the West Bank.
Horowitz resides in Tel Aviv with his life partner.

</doc>
<doc id="19819524" url="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=19819524" title="Heim Peninsula">
Heim Peninsula

The Heim Peninsula is located on the southern coast of Ellesmere Island, a part of the Qikiqtaaluk Region of the Canadian territory of Nunavut. The Sydkap Fiord is to the west, and the Harbour Fiord is to the east. Landslip Island is approximately off the southeastern shore.
The Inuit hamlet of Grise Fiord ("Aujuittuq", "Place That Never Thaws") is approximately to the east.

</doc>
